LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
You do n't want to monkey around on a blind date , especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark , handsome stranger .
Jookie , as she is known , studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah , who is heading for London Zoo .
So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well , they went a bit bananas .
The latest development in Anglo - French relations sees Yeboah , a 20 - stone 12 - year - old , leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo , Pays de la Loire , northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year .
There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire , Effie and Mjukuu , who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday .
One female gorilla shrieked in delight , while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it .
A third , clearly overcome by emotion , held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it .
Their reception was somewhat unsurprising .
The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby , a silverback , in December .
Tracey Lee , team leader at London Zoo , put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site , saying Yeboah is " a very charming , fun loving and intelligent gorilla . "
But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first ?
Zaire , at 34 , is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984 .
The zoo says she 's " happiest when she 's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island .
She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day . "
Then there 's Effie , 16 , who " enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her , " according to the zoo Web site .
Finally there 's 10 - year - old Mjukuu , or " Jookie . "
Dan Simmonds , a keeper at the zoo 's Gorilla Kingdom , says she " has this ' butter would n't melt look ' to her , and she gets away with murder . "
" The other two females get along with her very well ; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger . "
Bridget Fallon contributed to this story .
Welcome to what everyone is contractually obliged to call the season 's curtain - raiser .
The thing is , it 's not , is it ?
It 's more or less a glorified friendly , in which the losers wander off knowing it did n't really mean anything at all , while the winners have that peculiar sense of having won a cup , without knowing really what for .
Even the Sky Sports hype machine has hardly gone into overdrive about this one , only registering a five on the Super Sunday Silly Sport Ballyhoo Big Up Nonsense - o- meter .
Not that we'd want to suggest you did anything other than read this , right here , right now .
Teams ?
Teams :
Chelsea : Cech ; Ivanovic , Carvalho , Terry , A Cole ; Mikel , Essien , Lampard , Malouda ; Anelka , Drogba .
Subs : Hilario , Ballack , Bosingwa , Deco , Kalou , Alex , Belletti .
Manchester United : Foster ; O'Shea , Ferdinand , Evans , Evra ; Park , Carrick , Fletcher , Nani , Berbatov , Rooney .
Subs : Kuszczak , Owen , Giggs , Scholes , Fabio Da Silva , Valencia , Gibson .
Still , it 's hard to care when it 's still the cricket season , is n't it ?
Or maybe it 's welcome respite from this sort of thing .
What do the teams tell us dept ?
Chelsea 's lineup suggests that Carlo Ancelotti is just going to carry on with the team he 's inherited .
There 's not a single new signing on display with Zhirkov - who sounds very exciting - unfit .
It 'll be interesting to see how his diamond formation prevails , it has n't ever worked very well before at Chelsea .
Still , with few wide players on the pitch , it 's odd to see Bosingwa on the bench and Ivanovich on the pitch at right back .
You'd have thought Ancelotti would require both full backs to be bombing up and down the touchline since Malouda is the only attacking wide player in the midfield .
Surely the Portuguese is far better equipped to be doing that than Ivanovich .
Fergie appears to be playing an out - and - out 4 - 4 - 2 with Rooney restored to the middle alongside Berbatov .
The bench , with Giggs , Scholes and Owen , looks more like the sort of line - up his rival Ancelotti would have favoured as a starting team at his old club , the Milan pensioners ' club .
Ability - to - speak - English watch : Ancelotti proves himself perfectly capable of talking bland pre-match platitudes in perfect footballese and without the aid of a translator when faced by the Sky cameras .
Good stuff .
Jamie Redknapp has proved himself perfectly capable of talking nonsense in the Sky studios .
He says he 's looking forward to seeing some new faces .
He 'll struggle today .
The only new signing who can possibly get on the pitch is Owen .
Let 's be honest , that 's not really a new face , is it ?
Oh and Valencia .
He 's a new face .
I forgot about him .
Quite excitingly there 's a coach on fire in the Wembley car park .
I 'd bring you pictures but the only photographer enterprising enough to have taken any is n't one we 're allowed to use .
Safe to say , it was n't a team coach and the flames seem to be emanating from the toilet section .
Crikey .
The teams are out and are getting the big build - up from the Wembley stadium announcer .
The United players each get bigger cheers from the crowd than that of the Chelsea side .
[ Tired joke ahoy ]
As you 'd expect from United 's London - based support .
We 're off : After a minute of cheering in memory of Bobby Robson , Chelsea get the game underway .
Mike Cameron reminds me that " it 's a shield mate , not a cup !
And it certainly gives the fans some bragging rights for the start of the season . "
The first point is a good one , the second though is less so .
Can you really brag about winning the Community Shield ?
2 min :
It 's a fairly frantic and untechnical start , in which Chelsea scramble the ball about between themselves .
They work it to Drogba who , from long range gets a decent skimming shot off that 's easily saved .
Worth a pop , though always unlikely to go in .
4 min : Berbatov gets a yellow card for sticking his foot out as Mikel was trying to take a free - kick .
It does n't get more needless than that .
5 min : Berbatov then makes amends by linking up with Rooney .
For a split second he had a brilliant chance to strike before John Terry made a last - minute lunge to remove the ball from his feet .
Chelsea go up the other end and Rio Ferdinand gives away a cheap corner which ... oooh ...
Ivanovic heads onto the under - side of the bar , from where it bounces clear !
6 min : On closer inspection , Ivanovic actually thrust out a foot and Evra , standing on the line , headed it onto the under - side of the bar and then clear .
9 min : United send over a deep cross which Cech claims while reaching and tumbling backwards .
Chelsea have started the brighter here .
Mike Cameron is getting this ' joke ' printed because he is the sole person to have emailed so far .
To make this sort of thing stop , other people should email me too .
" Us Scots are enjoying this one : what 's an Aussie 's favourite food ?
English Crumble . "
GOAL !
Chelsea 0 - 1 Manchester United ( Nani , 9 min ) : Nani taunted Ivanovic with the ball then , with the Chelsea right back distracted by an over - lapping run from Evra , Nani aimed a gentle - ish sighter at the goal from distance .
Neither Terry , who could have stuck a foot out , nor Cech , who could have saved it , cover themselves in glory and it fires into the bottom corner .
12 min : What was I saying about Chelsea being on top ?
Ivanovic , incidentally , has just clumsily fouled Evra as he blusters up the wing .
He looks out of his depth .
Ivanovic , that is .
14 min :
The cross comes over from the free - kick and Chelsea clear before United get the ball back and concentrate their attacks down the left , focussing on Ivanovic who is looking a liability at the moment .
He picks up a yellow card for another foul and Nani clips in a free kick from out wide that Chelsea struggle to clear .
" Dear Tom , Petr Cech 's new fluorescent striped kit and head gear makes him look like a character from Tron , " points out Damien Neva .
16 min : O'Shea steals the ball from Chelsea and feeds Berbatov down the right .
His cross finds
Rooney at the back post and , rather than head for goal , he did the sensible thing and nodded it to Park , whose shot is just saved by Cech .
At the other end , Drogba barged his way past Evans but his shot is well saved .
18 min : Berbatov is in again .
Park slips it past Mikel and Berbatov latches onto it before forcing Cech to make a briliant save .
United are now all over Chelsea .
" The only reason we put up with the pointless Community Shield is that we are so pleased to see the return of football , " reckons Andrew Sherman .
20 min : Chelsea are struggling to get on the ball at all now .
Lampard has been entirely anonymous , Malouda does n't appear to be on the pitch and who knows where the hell Anelka is .
Essien , however , is his usual all - action self and he takes the ball from Evra before being fouled by the United left - back .
22 min : Rooney fires in a shot from a long way out , but it 's charged down .
Malouda finally gets himself onto the ball and then , in the face of a bit of a nudge from O'Shea , he goes down in a heap .
From the free - kick , the ball is worked to Ivanovich , who crosses from near the halfway line and Foster claims easily .
23 min : Ah , there 's Anelka .
He slides a ball into the box from the right wing towards Drogba and Lampard but Fletcher is back to clear into touch .
" The photo is actually of Ancelotti demonstrating Chelsea 's new $ 500 m time machine which will transform their ageing squad into teenagers again - apparently it was cheaper than buying new players , " emails Ben Bamford .
25 min : Anelka is hustled off the ball by Evra but Chelsea keep possesion .
They slip it to Ivanovic who is a long way up the Chelsea right flank , thus making it a further mystery as to why he 's playing instead of Bosingwa if that 's the idea .
Ivanovic loses the ball , inevitably , and it allows United to play Park in a minute later .
Carvallho clears brilliantly for a corner .
28 min : Malouda misses an absolute sitter .
Drogba chipped a beautiful ball over the entire United defence to find the Chelsea winger on the back post .
He slashes at it , though , and it goes careering into the crowd .
" Please remind Mr Sherman ( 18 min ) that the proceeds go to CHARITY , so it 's hardly pointless .
I guess his team has never won it , eh ? " says serial emailer Mike Cameron , who is a Scot and therefore can't really claim his team has won it either .
30 min : Malouda flattens
Fletcher , though it 's hard to see how .
He did n't actually appear to touch him .
Perhaps it was his aura .
Ivanovich , meanwhile , is forced to do some tidying work after a hospital back pass .
He puts a leaden foot through the ball and hoofs it up the pitch .
It comes back attached to a United player .
32 min : Malouda spins up the left and slips it outside to Cole .
He sends over a good , deep cross which appears to be about to land on Evra 's head until Essien arrives at full speed and late .
His header is powerful but inaccurate .
Next , Foster gets a tame back pass and , with Drogba rushing at him , he only just manages to get the ball away before the Ivorian can pounce .
He lets the Chelsea man have the benefit of his sharp tongue a second later .
34 min : Drogba very nearly catches Foster dallying over a back pass again .
He charges down his kick but , when the ball balloons up in the air , it fails to fall favourably for the Chelsea striker .
35 min : Nani makes a very sharp , very incisive run into the Chelsea box .
There are four opposition players around him and he beats them all .
He does run out of pitch , though , and can only shoot into the side netting .
" What do you make of each team 's new kits ? " asks David Wall .
" Lampard is n't very flattered by Chelsea 's figure hugging number , but Berbatov seems to be doing well with United 's Go-Faster - Chevron : he 's never looked so active around the field . "
36 min : Lampard feeds Anelka on the left .
He cuts inside past O'Shea and shoots for the top corner .
It looks like it 's going in , too , until Ferdinand gets the top of his head to the ball to deflect it over for a corner .
38 min : From the corner , the ball is very nearly steered into the net off the unwitting Carvallho 's chest .
However , John Terry was clambering all over Fletcher , so the referee blows up for a United free kick .
39 min :
It 's fair to say that Chelsea 's diamond formation is n't working very well .
Lampard , as has just been pointed out on the telly , has had to drop back deeper to pick up the ball .
It means that , when Anelka - as he does there - slips the ball past the United back four , there 's no - one there to run onto it .
" With half an hour of the season gone , Chelsea 's diamond looks more like cubic zirconia , " chortles Damien Neva .
40 min : A snap shot from Anelka , on the edge of the box , beats the keeper but curls from left to right away from Foster 's left - hand post .
42 min : Drogba takes the ball into his feet , spins and tries to run onto the ball .
It goes to Ferdinand though , who looks a yard or so off the pace of the game .
It means Drogba very nearly hustles the ball back off him .
However , United clear and Evra charges up the left wing .
He pings it into Berbatov and Terry is forced to clear behind for a corner .
43 min : From the corner , Fletcher takes the ball - entirely unmarked - on the wide left - hand edge of the penalty box .
He fires in a shot that is just about to drop under the cross bar until Cech 's flailing hand tips it over the bar .
Chelsea clear the subsequent corner .
45 min :
At one end , Nani and Rooney fail to combine when presented with a good chance , so Chelsea take advantage by going up the other end , crossing into the box , and winning a corner .
Foster claims .
Breathlessly , the ball is driven up the other end and Berbatov crosses for Park .
Cole puts a diving header behind for a corner .
" As a Chelsea supporting cricket fan , I want to trade my sporting life in , " writers Julian Menz .
" Maybe I could be reborn a Scot , so I can laugh at other nations out of sheer desperation .
Get a grip Mike Cameron ( 9 min ) .
No -one down here laughs when the caber is tossed askew . "
And that 's half - time :
It 's been an open game in which both teams have had chances .
The better of them have fallen to Manchester United and it's fair that they 're ahead .
It could be 2 - 2 or even 3 - 3 , in all honesty .
A good game , though not one packed full of skill as yet .
On the subject of punditry : Mark Taylor may well have been waiting all summer to get this off his chest .
The subject of his ire is Mr Jamie Redknapp .
" We have just seen four wonderful Ashes Tests , with insightful , enlightening commentary , commentators who are not afraid to criticise respectfully and enhance the game for the viewer .
And now the football season has started , same channel , but almost the exact opposite in terms of product , cliches , hype , fawning idiotic commentary from braindead sycophants who played the game yet seem to have no better understanding than your average armchair fan .
I get so angry when I see him talking about football I have to leave the room , he is so offensive to my eyes and ears it does n't make sense at all . "
Kit talk : " It seems to me that Manchester United have created a shame kit , " says Dan Weingrod .
" The black chevron does a great job of highlighting the Nike logo , but more clearly points directly to the embarrassing AIG logo that they will need to endure for another season . "
Meanwhile ...
" The Chelsea kit appears to have pads built into the chest area like a cheap Superman fancy dress outfit , " adds Steve Binder .
" Who are they trying to kid ? "
Subs : Ancelotti has finally seen sense .
Bosingwa is on for Ivanovic .
Pah !
Super manager indeed .
I called that one before the game started .
And I 'm an idiot .
Here we go again : Rooney kicks off with Berbatov .
The Bulgarian then controls a wildly hoofed long ball from O'Shea ( I think ) with unbelievable precision .
Mikel is so impressed he hacks him down to provide United with a dangerous free - kick .
Drogba clears it , though .
48 min : Malouda plays it to Lampard who 's very advanced by the left hand corner flag .
He drags it back and then plays a beautiful slide - rule ball back to Malouda .
But he takes too many touches and can't cut it across to anyone from the byline .
" Your Nani / gravity pic - what an unfortunately placed right arm by the shirtless guy wearing jeans , " sniggers Andrew Smith .
50 min : Bosingwa crosses early into the United box .
Unfortunately he does it so early that there 's not a single Chelsea player in the penalty area .
Then Berbatov , at the other end , races at the Chelsea area .
He nearly slips the ball through to Rooney but it 's cleared .
It then falls again to Rooney who tees up a shot , only for it be blocked by a sprawling Ashley Cole with what appears to be his gentleman 's area .
51 min : Ashley Cole and John Terry engage in a spot of shouting at the goalkeeper .
Both of them felt Cech should have been a bit more decisive in coming forward to claim a through ball .
That 's not a very good sign .
Cech waggles three fingers at Cole in return .
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 1 Manchester United ( Carvalho , 52 min ) : Lampard and Malouda combine in the box , before the Frenchman chips up a cross .
Drogba goes in with the keeper and the ball breaks free to the Chelsea centre - back who eluded Nani to surge into the box and send a low header into the net .
55 min : Foster is looking very nervous out there .
When he went in with Drogba for the ball that led to the goal , he made a bit of a mess of the claim .
He 's also been shaky when faced with two back passes .
Although , to be fair , I 'd feel a little iffy if I saw Didier Drogba bearing down on me .
57 min : Anelka nails one straight at Foster from distance .
That was hit unbelievably well and , a foot or so either side , and things might have been interesting .
Malouda then attempts to do the same but , once again , flays it into Row Z .
Having just said Foster came off second best against Drogba , the striker is currently off the pitch being treated after his challenge with the keeper .
60 min : Malouda crosses to the centre - spot where Drogba , who seems fit enough , just fails to get his head on to the ball while leaping over Evans .
Julian Menz has just emailed to say something that 's probably far too libellous to print .
Mostly it's to do with the cruelty of the Manchester United fan in the picture above who has seen fit to dress two of his children in United red and one in Chelsea blue .
Although , perhaps on closer inspection , it might be a United away strip .
62 min : Terry half chops Nani down , who looks like he's hurt his shoulder quite badly in the challenge .
Nothing too malicious in the tackle but he could have timed it better .
Chelsea are booed for continuing to play as he looks in a great deal of pain and , eventually , has to come off for Valencia .
64 min : Malouda is starting to make himself more useful on the left wing .
He chips over a cross after linking well with Drogba .
It 's cleared , falling to Essien on the edge of the box .
He can't provide one of his long - range screamers though and United work the ball up to their attackers , who have been quiet for the last quarter of an hour .
65 min : The Chelsea diamond does n't appear to have the best shape about it .
Malouda is drifting wide on the left but no - one is on the right .
Certainly Essien appears unwilling to head out there .
Perhaps that 's why Ballack is brought on for Mikel , allowing Essien to slip back into the holding midfield role .
It remains to be seen whether Ballack will much want to play wide - ish right , though .
67 min : Ballack 's first contribution is to go bundling into Evra and go down , clutching his ribs .
He seems alright though .
Now Lampard's on the ball , with United stretched .
He clips it to Anelka but he loses the ball .
69 min : Ballack 's introduction seems to have opened up some space .
While he's not playing very wide , he is wider than Essien was playing .
Meanwhile , Anelka is doing a lot of unglamorous work up front , allowing Drogba to be the blunderbuss .
I 'd tell you about Manchester United but they 've hardly been on the ball for the last 10 minutes .
GOAL !
Chelsea 2 - 1 Manchester United ( Lampard , 70 min ) :
That 's not going to go down very well .
Ballack body - checked Evra on the halfway line .
United had possession so the referee played advantage while Evra lay in agony .
With the advantage over , Chelsea claimed the ball and Drogba ran it up the other end to a chorus of calls to put the ball into touch .
He ignores them and slips the ball across the top of the box to Lampard .
Unmarked , he shoots and , though Foster gets a hand to it , it goes into the corner .
72 min : Evra appears to be fine , by the way .
He takes on Ballack again and wins a corner .
Rooney takes it and Cech claims from a tame shot .
There 's a bit of needle now and the Manchester element of the crowd are getting very upset when either Ballack , Drogba or Lampard get near the ball .
75 min : Manchester United are preparing a raft of substitutions .
Owen , Giggs , Scholes and Fabio are on .
Park , Berbatov , Fletcher and O'Shea are off .
Owen and Rooney up front for United .
There is something quite exciting about that .
I 'm not sure why .
77 min :
While everyone 's busy looking at Michael Owen , Drogba simply surged up the pitch and fired a snap shot low to Foster 's right .
The keeper only just manages to get down to it to keep the ball out .
Evra has been made to look a lot less threatening since Bosingwa 's introduction , by the way .
78 min : Malouda is off for Deco. Lampard moves back to go to the left of the diamond , while Deco goes to its point .
81 min : Dropped further back , Lampard is able to get onto the ball and he carries it up the pitch only to see his shot charged down .
It 's all Chelsea at the moment and they seem to be finding lots of room up the pitch .
Evra does n't like it and he exacts his revenge on Ballack for his body check earlier .
He slams into him at full pace , sending the German flying and earning himself a yellow card .
That probably makes them square .
Aside from the goal , obviously .
81 min : " So ... looks like Foster is rubbish after all - poor distribution , weak on crosses , and now not even a good shot stopper .
England better hope Joe Hart gets some practice at Birmingham , " writes Mark Vance .
That may be a bit harsh but he has n't looked very confident so far .
Meanwhile , Owen gets his first touch .
He can't bring the ball under control and it bounces off his toe for a throw in , deep in Chelsea territory .
83 min : The Ballack - Evra nonsense continues with the German bringing the Frenchman down .
Referee Chris
Hoy tells them to stop being silly , allowing Ancelotti time to swap Anelka for Kalou .
United then threaten the Chelsea goal .
They pass around outside the box before Essien is forced to clear a cross with a strong diving header .
Then , after it is played back in , Rooney tries to loop a header into the goal .
Cech watches carefully as it lands on top of the goal netting .
86 min : Owen 's next contribution is to go up for a header with his hand , for which he earns a yellow card .
Cech lifts the free kick up the pitch and it 's put out for a throw - in .
" Completely agree with Mark Taylor re .
Jamie Redknapp 's sycophancy , " writes Tom Hopkins .
" Can I add to that Andy Gray 's pomposity ?
At least Botham occasionally comes up with an interesting point , Gray just regurgitates tired old bar - room wisdom as if he 's some kind of oracle . "
89 min :
The ball is launched into the Chelsea box from a United free - kick .
Cech came charging out but Owen beat him to the ball .
It skims off the striker 's head , on the penalty spot , and into the keeper from where it goes straight up in the air and is cleared .
Nearly a debut goal for little Mickey .
90 min : The United bench have the looks of people who are pretending the Community Shield does n't matter .
The Chelsea bench have the look of people who are pretending it does .
Carvalho , fresh from winining the man of the match award , cynically challenges Michael Owen who very nearly bursts past him and into the box .
Cech claims the ball and , as he 's throwing it out , Drogba grabs his arm and tells him slow play up .
He gets shouted at by the keeper for his troubles .
GOAL !
Chelsea 2 - 2 Manchester United ( Rooney , 90 min +1 ) : Rooney is just about onside as Giggs plays the ball past the Chelsea back line , who are very high .
Rooney rushes onto it and chips it over the keeper .
That 's full time :
It 'll go to penalties .
Alex Ferguson is on the pitch chatting away with the referee .
Is that allowed ?
I 'm not really sure .
The first half was United 's , the second half was definitely Chelsea 's , which probably means the draw is fair .
Were this any other competition , you 'd say Rooney 's last minute goal would be heartbreaking for the Chelsea side .
Except it 's the Community Shield , so nobody ( i.e. John Terry ) is exactly staring , teary - eyed , into the middle distance .
There 's a lot of admin going on :
The referee and his assistants are comparing notebooks feverishly .
No idea why .
Lampard is stepping up to take the first penalty .
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 0 Manchester United : Lampard goes straight down the middle .
Foster dives to his left .
SAVED ! Chelsea 1 - 0 Manchester United : Cech saves with his legs from Giggs 's penalty .
Giggs does n't look like he gives one .
GOAL !
Chelsea 2 - 0 Manchester United : Ballack , ice cool , sends it low into the left hand corner .
Foster had no chance .
GOAL !
Chelsea 2 - 1 Manchester United : Carrick places it into the top , right - hand corner .
Cech went the right way but could n't reach it .
GOAL !
Chelsea 3 - 1 Manchester United : Drogba goes for power and slams it left as Foster goes right .
Evra is booed as he steps up .
SAVED ! Chelsea 3 - 1 Manchester United :
That was one of the worst penalties I 've ever seen .
Evra just rolled the ball gently towards the goal and , almost with derision , Cech just fell on it .
GOAL !
Chelsea 4 - 1 Manchester United : Deco wanted to take the penalty but was n't on the list .
Kalou is , though , and he puts it high to Foster 's left .
The keeper went the wrong way and Chelsea take the shield .
A peculiarly anticlimactic end : The United players do look upset to have lost this , which at least suggests they were really playing to win .
The Chelsea players have the grace not to over celebrate what 's a fairly minor trinket .
However , if both teams were playing to win , then it does , I suppose , give some idea as to what we can expect for the rest of the season : both teams are strong , both are competitive but neither seem entirely easy with their formation .
There 's also the fact that United may have lost the fear factor .
They did n't really have a player today who truly worried the Chelsea defence in the way Ronaldo once did .
The Ancelotti reign starts with a trophy , he can add it to the pre-season friendly cup Chelsea won in America .
He can store them both on the shelf marked ' Not going to keep you in a job if this is all you finish the season with ' .
Terry leads the team up the Wembley steps , which seem to be irritatingly spaced so as to make two - at - a - time too much of a stretch , but one - at - a - time too little .
He opts for one or two little skips then the odd lunge .
Thanks for your emails :
That 's the new season underway .
See you here for the next 10 months , then .
Aug. 26 , 2009  -- Sen .
Ted Kennedy died shortly before midnight Tuesday at his home in Hyannis Port , Mass . , at age 77 .
The man known as the " liberal lion of the Senate " had fought a more than year - long battle with brain cancer , and according to his son had lived longer with the disease than his doctors expected him to .
" We 've lost the irreplaceable center of our family and joyous light in our lives , but the inspiration of his faith , optimism , and perseverance will live on in our hearts forever , " the Kennedy family said in a statement .
" He loved this country and devoted his life to serving it . "
Visit ABC News ' special section on Sen. Ted Kennedy .
Watch video of historic Kennedy moments .
See photos of Sen . Ted Kennedy 's life .
See photos of the Kennedy family 's history of privilege and loss .
Sen . Edward Moore Kennedy , the youngest Kennedy brother who was left to head the family 's political dynasty after his brothers President John F. Kennedy and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy were assassinated .
Kennedy championed health care reform , working wages and equal rights in his storied career .
In August , he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom -- the nation 's highest civilian honor -- by President Obama .
His daughter , Kara Kennedy , accepted the award on his behalf .
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy , known as Ted or Teddy , was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor in May 2008 and underwent a successful brain surgery soon after that .
But his health continued to deteriorate , and Kennedy suffered a seizure while attending the luncheon following President Barack Obama 's inauguration .
For Kennedy , the ascension of Obama was an important step toward realizing his goal of health care reform .
At the Democratic National Convention in August 2008 , the Massachusetts Democrat promised , " I pledge to you that I will be there next January on the floor of the United States Senate when we begin the great test . "
Sen .
Kennedy made good on that pledge , but ultimately lost his battle with cancer .
Kennedy was first elected to the Senate in 1962 , at the age of 30 , and his tenure there would span four decades .
A hardworking , well - liked politician who became the standard - bearer of his brothers ' liberal causes , his career was clouded by allegations of personal immorality and accusations that his family 's clout helped him avoid the consequences of an accident that left a young woman dead .
But for the younger members of the Kennedy clan , from his own three children to those of his brothers JFK and RFK , Ted Kennedy -- once seen as the youngest and least talented in a family of glamorous overachievers -- was both a surrogate father and the center of the family .
And certainly it was Ted Kennedy who bore many of the tragedies of the family -- the violent deaths of four of his siblings , his son's battle with cancer , and the death of his nephew John F. Kennedy Jr. in a plane crash .
Kennedy , Youngest Kennedy Brother , Led Political Dynasty in Wake of Tragedy
Edward Moore Kennedy was born in Brookline , Mass. , on Feb. 22 , 1932 , the ninth and youngest child of Joseph P. Kennedy and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy .
His father , a third - generation Irish - American who became a multimillionaire businessman and served for a time as a U.S. ambassador to Britain , had risen high and was determined that his sons would rise higher still .
Overshadowed by his elder siblings , Teddy , as he was known to family and friends , grew up mostly in the New York City suburb of Bronxville , N.Y. , and attended private boarding schools .
He was expelled from Harvard during his freshman year after he asked a friend to take an exam for him .
After a two - year stint in the Army , Kennedy returned to earn degrees at Harvard and then the University of Virginia law school .
He married Virginia Joan Bennett , known by her middle name , in 1958 .
The couple would have three children , Kara , Teddy Jr. and Patrick .
By the time he reached adulthood , tragedy had already claimed some of his siblings : eldest brother Joe Jr. was killed in World War II , sister Kathleen died in a plane crash , and another sister , Rosemary , who was mildly retarded , had to be institutionalized following a botched lobotomy .
But then the family hit its pinnacle in 1960 , when John F. Kennedy became president .
His brother 's ascension created a political opportunity , and Joe Kennedy decided he should take over JFK's Senate seat .
Ted Kennedy was only 28 at the time -- two years short of the required age -- so a family friend was found to hold the temporary appointment .
In 1962 , Ted Kennedy -- backed by his family money and the enthusiasm his name generated among Massachusetts '
Catholics , was elected to the Senate .
The Only One Left
In 1963 , President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas .
His brother Robert became the focus of the family 's -- and much of the country 's -- dreams .
Following the tragedy in Dallas , Robert and Ted Kennedy became closer than they had ever been as children .
" When I was working for Robert Kennedy , there was hardly a day in which the two of them did n't physically get together , I would say at least three or four times , " said Frank Mankiewicz , who served as an aide to Robert Kennedy .
" I mean , if , if Sen . Robert Kennedy was n't in his office , and nobody knew where he was , chances are he was seeing Ted about something . "
Five years later , while pursuing the Democratic presidential nomination in 1968 against Lyndon Johnson , Sen. Bobby Kennedy was shot and killed .
That left Ted as the only surviving Kennedy son .
" He seriously contemplated getting out of politics after Robert 's death , " said Kennedy biographer Adam Clymer .
" He thought , you know , it might just be too much .
He might be too obviously the next target and all of that .
But he decided to stick it out and as he said on more than one occasion , pick up a fallen standard . "
Kennedy was seen by many as his brothers ' heir , and perhaps he could have won the White House had he stepped into the presidential race then .
But he did n't .
And the very next year there occurred a tragedy that would forever block Ted Kennedy 's presidential ambitions .
In July 1969 , following a party on Martha 's Vineyard , Kennedy drove off a bridge on the tiny Massachusetts island of Chappaquiddick .
The car plunged into the water .
Kennedy escaped , but his passenger did not .
Kennedy later said he dived into the water repeatedly in a vain attempt to save Mary Jo Kopechne , one of the " boiler room girls " who had worked on Bobby Kennedy 's campaign .
But Kopechne , 28 , drowned , still trapped in the car .
Questions arose about how Kennedy had known Kopechne -- he denied any " private relationship , " and Kopechne 's parents also insisted there was no relationship -- and why he failed to report the accident for about nine hours .
Kennedy pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of leaving the scene of an accident .
He received a two - month suspended sentence and lost his driver 's license for a year , but the political price was higher .
Kennedy was re-elected to the Senate in 1970 , but the accident at Chappaquiddick effectively squashed his presidential hopes .
He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination in 1979 against incumbent President Jimmy Carter .
Once when his daughter Kara , then 19 , was passing out campaign leaflets , a man took one and said to her , " You know your father killed a young woman about your age , do n't you ? "
Kennedy Curse : Political Power , Personal Tragedy
Sen .
Ted Kennedy was not done confronting personal tragedy .
In 1973 , 12 - year - old Teddy Jr. was diagnosed with bone cancer , and he had to have a leg amputated .
Kennedy 's marriage to Joan deteriorated .
Some blamed her drinking , others cited his alleged womanizing .
The couple divorced in 1981 .
In contrast , Kennedy 's career in the Senate continued to flourish .
He supported teachers ' unions , women 's and abortion rights , and health care reform .
He sponsored the Family and Medical Leave Act .
And he was seen as a stalwart of the Democratic Party , delivering several rousing speeches at conventions .
Former Boston Glober reporter Tom Oliphant , who covered Kennedy 's career in Washington , observed , " It 's not all back slapping and , and personal relationships .
I think one of the things that sets Kennedy 's politics apart is his , what I call his dirty little secret .
He works like a dog . "
Political analyst Mark Shields said Kennedy 's " concerns were national concerns , but his forum for achieving his ends and changing policy , became the Senate .
And he mastered it like nobody else I 've ever seen . "
But another family incident exposed Kennedy 's vulnerabilities and held him up to public censure .
A nephew , William Kennedy Smith , was accused of raping a woman at the family 's estate in Palm Beach , Fla .
The case generated lurid headlines around the world .
Kennedy was at the estate at the time of the alleged attack and had been at the bar where Smith met his accuser .
Eyebrows were raised even further when a young woman who had been with Kennedy 's son Patrick that night revealed that she had seen the senator roaming around the house at night , wearing an oxford shirt but no trousers .
Smith was acquitted following a highly sensational trial , but the incident definitely left a dent in Kennedy 's armor .
His alleged heavy drinking and womanizing were widely lampooned , and in October 1991 he thought it prudent to be low - key in his opposition to Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas , who had been accused of sexually harassing a former subordinate .
Kennedy 's life , both professional and personal , took a turn for the better in 1992 .
He married Victoria Reggie , a divorced attorney with two children from a previous marriage , Curran and Caroline .
That year Kennedy also supported Bill Clinton , an open admirer of the Kennedy clan .
" Well , sometime during our courtship , I realized that I did n't want to live the rest of my life without Vicki , " Kennedy said about his wife of nearly 30 years .
" And since we have been together , it 's made my life a lot more fulfilling .
I think more serene , kind of emotional stability . "
Elected in 1992 , President Bill Clinton appointed Kennedy 's sister , Jean Kennedy Smith , ambassador to Ireland .
And in 1994 , Kennedy had the satisfaction of seeing his son Patrick elected to the House of Representatives from Rhode Island .
But tragedy returned that year .
In May 1994 , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died of cancer .
Kennedy had remained close to his sister - in - law , who once quit her job at a publisher 's after it came out with an unflattering biography of Ted .
Kennedy's Battle With Cancer Lost
Kennedy had served as a surrogate father for many of his nephews and nieces , but he may have been closest to Jackie 's children , Caroline and John F. Kennedy Jr .
He was horrified when in July 1999 , five years after Jackie 's death , John Jr. and his bride of two years , Carolyn Bessette Kennedy , along with her sister Lauren Bessette , were killed when the small plane John was piloting crashed off the Massachusetts island of Martha 's Vineyard .
Sen .
Kennedy led the family during the harrowing wait for information as Coast Guard crews searched for the missing plane .
When the bodies were retrieved from the ocean , Kennedy and his two sons went to identify the remains .
The senator 's eulogy for his nephew who " had every gift but length of years " and " the wife who became his perfect soul mate " touched grief - stricken Americans .
It was an all - too - familiar sight for those who remember Ted Kennedy mourning the deaths of his brothers John and Robert , and helping the family bear up after the deaths of Robert 's sons David and Michael .
For decades , it was Ted Kennedy who carried the burden and led the way as the patriarch of a family seen as America 's answer to royalty .
Amazon Wants to Patent Advertising in Ebooks
" We believe in God , Amazon , hog pie , and bold text . "
Amazon is seeking patents for advertising in ebooks and in other portable content , trying to create their own external e-ink internet in order to reinvent all the revenue - generating possibilities that the internet offered fifteen years ago .
Except that this time they will own and control all the work , building a nation of digital sharecroppers .
Amazon's two recently - disclosed patent applications include " Incorporating Advertising in On - Demand Generated Content " ( which refers to blogs and magazines ) and " On-Demand Generating E- Book Content With Advertising " ( which refers to ebooks ) .
This is how Amazon intends to make money on public domain works that they will offer for free and also on blog content available on the Kindle to which they already own all the rights .
From the terms and conditions when you make your blog available on the Kindle for sale ( they get 70 % of the profits ) : " Rights Granted .
You grant to us , throughout the term of this Agreement , a nonexclusive , irrevocable , worldwide right and license to distribute Publications as described in this Agreement , such right to include , without limitation , the right to : ( a ) reproduce and store Publications on one or more computer facilities , and reformat , convert and encode Publications ; ( b ) display , market , transmit , distribute , and otherwise digitally make available all or any portion of Publications through Amazon Properties ( as defined below ) , for customers and prospective customers to download , access , copy and paste , print , annotate and / or view , including on any Portable Device ( as defined below ) ; ( c ) permit customers to " store " Publications that they have purchased from us on Amazon 's servers ( " Virtual Storage " ) and to re-download such Publications from Virtual Storage from time to time ; ( d ) display and distribute ( i ) your trademarks and logos in the form you provide them to us , including within Publications ( with such modifications as are necessary to optimize their viewing on Portable Devices ) , and ( ii ) other limited portions of Publications , in each case on and through any Amazon Properties and solely for the purposes of marketing , soliciting and selling Publications ; ( e ) use , reproduce , adapt , modify , and create derivative works of any metadata that you submit to us for the purpose of improving categorization , recommendations , personalization features and other features of any Amazon Properties ; and ( f ) transmit , reproduce and otherwise use ( or cause the reformatting , transmission , reproduction , and / or other use of ) Publications as mere technological incidents to and for the limited purpose of technically enabling the foregoing ( e.g. , caching to enable display ) .
In addition , you agree that Amazon may permit its affiliates and independent contractors , and its affiliates ' independent contractors , to exercise the rights that you grant to us in this Agreement .
" Amazon Properties " means the website with the primary home page identified by the URL http://www.amazon.com/, together with any successor or replacement thereto ( the " Amazon Site " ) , any software application that is capable of supporting the electronic purchase , display and / or management of digital text , graphics , audio , video and / or other content , and any other web site or any web page widget or other web page real estate or online point of presence , on any platform , that is owned by us or operated under license by us ( such as http://www.target.com/ ) , branded or co-branded Amazon or with any brand we license for use , own or control , and any web site or online point of presence through which any Amazon sites or products available for sale thereon are syndicated , offered , merchandised , advertised or described .
" Portable Device " means any device that is capable of supporting the electronic purchase , display and / or management of digital text , graphics , audio , video and / or other content via wireless telecommunications service , Wi-Fi , USB , or otherwise .
" Note that this refers to " any portable device , " not just the Kindle .
Like , say , your laptop .
Watch it wiggle .
If you 've ever eaten in a cafeteria or attended a cookout or family reunion , chances are good that your dessert and salad options included some form of Jell - O. Hundreds of recipes use Jell - O to create everything from your simple institutional - style gelatin squares to ornate designs that incorporate varied flavors , fruit and whipped toppings .
Jell - O consists of four basic ingredients :
gelatin water sugar or artificial sweetener and artificial flavors food coloring
How can one possibly mold Jell - O into so many different shapes ?
The gelatin in Jell - O is what allows you to get so creative — but what exactly is gelatin , anyway ?
Gelatin is just a processed version of a structural protein called collagen that is found in many animals , including humans .
Collagen makes up almost one - third of all the protein in the human body .
Collagen is a fibrous protein that strengthens the body 's connective tissues and allows them to be elastic â€ “ that is , to stretch without breaking .
As you get older , your body makes less collagen , and individual collagen fibers become increasingly cross - linked with each other .
You might experience this as stiff joints from less flexible tendons , or wrinkles due to loss of skin elasticity .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gelatin can come from the collagen in cow or pig bones , hides and connective tissues .
Today , the gelatin in Jell - O is most likely to come from pigskin .
Collagen does n't dissolve in water in its natural form , so it must be modified to make gelatin .
Manufacturers grind the body parts and treat them with either a strong acid or a strong base to dissolve the collagen .
Then the pretreated material is boiled .
Controls at every step of the process ensure purity and safety .
The materials are washed and filtered repeatedly .
During this process , the large collagen protein ends up being partially broken down ; the resulting product is a gelatin solution .
That solution is chilled into a jelly - like material , cut and dried in a special chamber .
At this point , the dried gelatin — about 10 percent water — is ground .
If it 's going to make Jell - O , it will be ground into a fine powder .
How does this powder become the Jell - O we eat ?
Head to the next page to find out .
Your brain 's natural tendencies do n't easily accommodate international flights , all - nighters , or rotating shift work .
Refusing to eat for about 16 hours before waking up , however , can help reboot your sleep cycle .
Advertisement
Photo by arvindgrover .
Harvard researcher Clifford Saper explains that one 's body has more than just a single clock dictating some magical eight - hour sleep period .
Sleep needs are regulated in part by exposure to light , but also by food intake .
By fasting for 16 hours before your breakfast in a new time zone or on a new sleep / wake schedule , or perhaps after some really rough sleep nights , one can " override " the body 's other sleep clocks that have a really aggravating way of demanding obedience .
The Wise Bread blog suggests 12 hours might be a decent compromise if you can't hold off for 16 hours , though Saper seems to suggest 16 is the magic number .
Advertisement
Saper explains more about the power of not eating on your sleep cycle in this interview clip :
Click to view
If you 've got your own first - hand research on the relationship of food and sleep changes , or you 've got evidence that Saper 's method works as suggested , let us know in the comments .
How to beat jet lag : Do n't eat [ The Globe and Mail via Wise Bread ]
When we search for information about how to strengthen immune system , we must consider new challenges that threaten our good health and the protective cells and biological soldiers that are hard at work right now defending you against invaders .
For the most part , your immune system does a great job protecting you against illness and disease .
This is not an easy task .
There is a constant battle going on inside your body every day as germs , toxins , bacteria , viruses , and serious illness do their best to assault your body .
We do lose the battle at times , to common illnesses like the cold and the flu .
The flu affects 100 million people every year .
Collectively , we catch a billion colds per year .
Allergies and asthma rates are on the rise , with 38 % of us suffering from allergies .
This is twice as much as experts originally thought .
What is the immune system ’s plan of attack when there is an invader .
The first lines of defense are in the skin and mucous linings of our body .
They are like a pre-layer of defense in their attempt to keep foreign intruders out of the body .
If an invader does break through , there are cells and substances like chemicals and enzymes that are on attack against any kind of invader .
If the cell is infected by a virus , it secretes a substance called interferon which is a remarkable chemical that activates natural killer cells to help block viral replication of cells that are not infected .
Many potential illnesses are intercepted during this immune system response .
There are non-specific and specific immune defenses .
Non specific defenses are essential to our health because they are like the front line defense that keeps many viruses and infections from making us ill .
The intruders that do get by this first line of defense must confront specific immune defense weapons tailored just for them like antibodies and killer cells that help your body recognize and remember and efficiently eliminate all kinds of foreign invaders .
An immunization is an example of creating a specific response by recognizing a strain of virus .
Environmental toxins are constantly attacking our bodies .
There are new flu strains , like the recent swine flu .
Along with that are weakening immunizations that cause frustration to the medical community as well as people trying to protect themselves against serious illness .
All of these factors support the need to learn how to strengthen immune system , and to do all we can to build our immune system .
Did you know that some viruses and bacteria can live for between 20 minutes and 2 hours on certain surfaces like door knobs , desks , cafeteria and restaurant tables , and phones .
Every time that you shake hands , hold on to a grocery cart , eat at a restaurant , grab a phone , open the door , or take a bus , you are potentially making contact with pathogens that threaten to break through your immune system .
One of the most important things that you can do on a daily basis is to wash your hands often and do n’t be afraid to tell others to do the same .
Some of the things that do not support a healthy immune system are our stressful lifestyles , poor dietary habits , lack of sleep and lack of exercise .
All of these are realities for most of us today , and challenges to our body ’s defenses and our aging process .
So what are we to do ?
Science and research have given us some answers about how to improve immune systems .
What can we do to meet our immune building needs ?
A balanced diet is key because there are different nutrients that our bodies need in various foods .
Maintaining good nutrition is very important to having a healthy immune system .
We mentioned hand washing and the main reason why it ’s worth mentioning again is that the biggest carrier of germs that can make us sick is our hands .
Other ways to keep from spreading illness is to sneeze into your elbow instead of out into the air where there are other people and surfaces , get enough sleep so that the body is in the best position to fight off threats to your good health .
Staying home from work when you are sick and away from other people when you are sick help to stop the spread of illness .
Finally , exercise helps the body fight whatever comes its way because exercise can be an effective immune builder itself .
How else can our bodies fight the flu , and especially a new strain ?
We do have strategies like a healthy immune system that will fight off these threats , immunizations , and other anti-viral drugs .
However , in regard to the flu , every few years there are new viruses that are created by existing viruses spreading around the world and even combining with each other .
Our bodies do not recognize these new strains and it takes time to develop new vaccines that will be effective as we battle the viruses .
Babies and the elderly can be especially vulnerable to the flu .
There are outbreaks of diseases that many of us were vaccinated against as a child and can pose a unique challenge to our immune system .
The attempt to fight bacterial infections caused by salmonella or e-coli have confirmed the fact that the intestines are a very important part of a healthy immune system .
One way we know to build a healthier intestinal tract is to keep a good balance of good bacteria or probiotics living in the gut .
Probiotics have various roles in the intestines including helping the body to fight illness and supporting good health by providing the body with the ability to be able to absorb nutrients .
Scientists believe that without healthy intestines , our bodies can not absorb the nutrients that we need to be healthy .
Ongoing research about how to strengthen immune system will bring us new discoveries .
There is research being done on respiratory viruses that affect adults as well as children .
Viral infection of the lung involves a combination of the immune system fighting infection , and the inflammation issue associated with respiratory that can lead to more serious illness .
For now , we have concrete ways to support a healthy immune system in our everyday lives , and we have natural supplements like probiotics , natural interferon , multi-vitamins , extra vitamin c , and other immune system vitamins and nutrients that have been proven to build good health including a strong immune system .
Google Investigated by the EU ; Will Sell Access to " Book " Web Pages by the End of 2009
At this year 's Book Expo America , Google declared that they will begin publishing ebooks by the end of 2009 .
" This time we mean it , " said Tom Turvey , Director of Strategic Partnerships at Google .
Get this straight , however : Google will NOT be selling ebooks as if they are pretend pieces of physical property that you pretend to carry around with you in proprietary devices .
Google will be selling access to persistent online editions of books and will be letting publishers set prices .
Really , they will be selling tickets to book sites instead of actual book property .
They are depending on the obvious , that current ereaders are pretty stupid and will quickly be replaced by touchscreen netbooks in the next couple of years such as whatever device Apple is making right now .
As books start looking more like web pages , computers will start looking more like books .
Google will be sitting there waiting for books and computers to converge with deeds to all the titles and a fucking pitchfork ready to bale cash like hay .
They will own the carnival .
You will take the ride .
Amazon will be dead from pirates , stodgy gold - mining Spain to Google 's sprightly privateering England .
Someday people will remember paying over ten dollars for a Kindle book and they will laugh bitterly and shake their heads .
At garage sales , Kindles bought in the " Rage of 2010 " will be priced to sell between a " Slap Chop " and a pair of bowling shoes .
Do n't start getting Google tattoos with mist in your eyes yet , however .
Google will be selling new in - copyright books the same way that it will be selling old in - copyright books : by hosting data in a top - down database that they will fully control .
They will be able to alter , delete , and hide data at will .
However , unless they also provide .pdfs , they will not be able to take advantage of the Espresso Book Machine revolution that will be a minor fad until people forget books completely .
Google 's publishing announcement comes right on the heels of a different announcement from the EU .
Europe has announced that they have finally been informed and will now be thoroughly investigating the terms , conditions , and legality of the Google Book Settlement , a settlement which appears to transgress European copyright laws in far more profound ways than in America .
The European Commission will be investigating the settlement with an eye toward determining whether the EU needs to jump in and do something to protect its own authors and publishers .
"
The commission will carefully study the whole issue and , if need be , [ will ] take steps , " said Vladimir Tosovsky for the Czech EU presidency .
Since there are no " fair use " provisions in European law , Google 's case is on far shakier ground across the Atlantic .
If German publishers had brought a lawsuit , for instance , there would have been no settlement .
Google would have had to pay full damages to every rightsholder for every single book that they scanned .
The EU is primarily concerned that the settlement damages European companies that have followed the rules all along , forced to get permission from individual rightsholders before proceeding .
From a German " information note " on the subject : " Google 's actions are irreconcilable with the principles of European copyright law , according to which the consent of the author must be obtained before his or her works may be reproduced or made publicly available on the Internet .
"
It is unclear how much the EU 's complaints will mean , but this will bring more pressure on the Department of Justice to come to a decision that is fair to other companies ( and countries ) who want the same rights as Google to scan and sell orphan books without getting sued .
The DOJ has to be nervous now with Europe checking their work on this antitrust investigation .
The Europeans will almost certainly condemn the settlement , and therefore the DOJ will have to be pretty damn transparent and hard - nosed if they want to convince the world that this settlement is good for everyone .
Note : it 's not .
And now GERMANS are doing the math about it .
Opens the Add- ons window to perform tasks on your installed Extensions , Themes , Plug-ins and Language packs .
The Add - on 's window allows the installation and management of all your extensions and themes .
If you need an update , change a setting , swap themes or enable / disable an add - on the Add - ons ' window is the place to go .
Being able to access this quickly is a necessity for anyone that uses even a handful of add - ons .
The button also contains a drop down menu that allows you to install add - ons , open the add-ons window to the extension or themes tab , or set which websites can install addons .
Fear for Obama 's Safety Grows as Hate Groups Thrive on Racial Backlash Violent signs , gun , standoff latest in emerging anger towards the President .
August 14 , 2009  --
Experts who track hate groups across the U.S. are growing increasingly concerned over violent rhetoric targeted at President Obama , especially as the debate over health care intensifies and a pattern of threats emerges .
The Secret Service is investigating a Maryland man who held a sign reading " Death to Obama " and " Death to Michelle and her two stupid kids " outside a town hall meeting this week .
And in New Hampshire , another man stood across the street from a Presidential town hall with his gun on full display .
Los Angeles police officers apprehended a man Thursday after a standoff with him inside a red Volkswagen Bug car in Westwood , CA – the latest disturbing case even though officials said the man had mental problems .
" I do n't think these are simply people who are mentally ill or off their rocker , " Mark Potok , director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center , told ABC News of those behind the threats .
" In a very real sense they represent a genuine reaction , a genuine backlash against Obama . "
Experts say a sharp growth in so - called militia groups that helped spawn a wave of domestic terrorism in the 1990s – and are now using YouTube , rock music and the Internet to recruit members and spread hate and fear - should n't be ignored .
" It 's certainly a scary time , " said former FBI agent Brad Garrett , now an ABC News consultant .
Garrett said the Secret Service " cannot afford to pass on anyone , " and he believes " they really do fear that something could happen to [ Obama ] . "
Garrett said statements like one recently made by controversial radio host Rush Limbaugh comparing a logo for the White House plan to a Nazi symbol " legitimizes people who are on the edge to go do something or say something . "
" And if you go and take a look at this , you will find that the Obama health care logo is damn close to a Nazi swastika logo , " Limbaugh said .
Later , someone painted a swastika outside the office of Congressman David Scott of Georgia , one of Obama 's supporters .
Secret Service Security Around Obama
While officials told ABC News that the President 's daily threat matrix has yet to reflect a sharp increase in threats , White House officials privately admit deep concern and have told the Secret Service to keep security tight , even if Obama objects .
" I think the president has , in effect , triggered fears amongst fairly large numbers of white people in this country that they are somehow losing their country , that the battle is lost , " Potok told ABC News .
" The nation that their Christian white forefathers created has somehow been taken from them . "
Asa Eslocker contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
In recent years there has been a growing concern over thresholds , or tipping points , in nature .
For example , scientists worry about when the shrinking population of an endangered species will fall to a point from which it cannot recover .
Marine biologists are concerned about the point where overfishing will trigger the collapse of a fishery .
We know there were social tipping points in earlier civilizations , points at which they were overwhelmed by the forces threatening them .
For instance , at some point the irrigation - related salt buildup in their soil overwhelmed the capacity of the Sumerians to deal with it .
With the Mayans , there came a time when the effects of cutting too many trees and the associated loss of topsoil were simply more than they could manage .
The social tipping points that lead to decline and collapse when societies are overwhelmed by a single threat or by simultaneous multiple threats are not always easily anticipated .
As a general matter , more economically advanced countries can deal with new threats more effectively than developing countries can .
For example , while governments of industrial countries have been able to hold HIV infection rates among adults under 1 percent , many developing countries ’ governments have failed to do so and are now struggling with much higher infection rates .
This is most evident in some southern African countries , where up to 20 percent or more of adults are infected .
A similar situation exists with population growth .
While populations in nearly all industrial countries except the United States have stopped growing , rapid growth continues in nearly all the countries of Africa , the Middle East , and the Indian subcontinent .
Nearly all of the 80 million people being added to world population each year are born in countries where natural support systems are already deteriorating in the face of excessive population pressure , in the countries least able to support them .
In these countries , the risk of state failure is growing .
Some issues seem to exceed even the management skills of the more advanced countries , however .
When countries first detected falling underground water tables , it was logical to expect that governments in affected countries would quickly raise water - use efficiency and stabilize population in order to stabilize aquifers .
Unfortunately , not one country –industrial or developing –has done so .
Two failing states where overpumping of water and security - threatening water shortages loom large are Pakistan and Yemen .
Although the need to cut carbon emissions has been evident for some time , not one country has succeeded in becoming carbon - neutral .
Thus far this has proved too difficult politically for even the most technologically advanced societies .
Could rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere prove to be as unmanageable for our early 21st century civilization as rising salt levels in the soil were for the Sumerians in 4000 BC ?
Another potentially severe stress on governments is the coming decline in oil production .
Although world oil production has exceeded new oil discoveries by a wide margin for more than 20 years , only Sweden and Iceland actually have anything that remotely resembles a plan to effectively cope with a shrinking supply of oil .
This is not an exhaustive inventory of unresolved problems , but it does give a sense of how their number is growing as we fail to solve existing problems even as new ones are being added to the list .
Analytically , the challenge is to assess the effects of mounting stresses on the global system .
These stresses are perhaps most evident in their effect on food security , which was the weak point of many earlier civilizations that collapsed .
Several converging trends are making it difficult for the world ’s farmers to keep up with the growth in food demand .
Prominent among these are falling water tables , the growing conversion of cropland to nonfarm uses , and more extreme climate events , including crop - withering heat waves , droughts , and floods .
As the stresses from these unresolved problems accumulate , weaker governments are beginning to break down .
Compounding these problems , the United States , the world ’s breadbasket , has dramatically increased the share of its grain harvest going to fuel ethanol –from 15 percent of the 2005 crop to more than 25 percent of the 2008 crop .
This ill - conceived U.S. effort to reduce its oil insecurity helped drive world grain prices to all - time highs by mid-2008 , creating unprecedented world food insecurity .
The risk is that these accumulating problems and their consequences will overwhelm more and more governments , leading to widespread state failure and eventually the failure of civilization .
The countries that top the list of failing states are not particularly surprising .
They include , for example , Iraq , Sudan , Somalia , Chad , Afghanistan , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Haiti .
And the list grows longer each year , raising a disturbing question :
How many failing states will it take before civilization itself fails ?
No one knows the answer , but it is a question we must ask .
We are in a race between tipping points in nature and in our political systems .
Can we phase out coal - fired power plants before the melting of the Greenland ice sheet becomes irreversible ?
Can we gather the political will to halt deforestation in the Amazon before its growing vulnerability to fire takes it to the point of no return ?
Can we help countries stabilize population before they become failing states ?
We have the technologies to restore the earth ’s natural support systems , to eradicate poverty , to stabilize population , and to restructure the world energy economy and stabilize climate .
The challenge now is to build the political will to do so .
Saving civilization is not a spectator sport .
Each of us has a leading role to play .
Adapted from Chapter 1 , “ Entering a New World , ” in Lester R. Brown ’s Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization , available for free download and purchase from the Earth Policy Institute .
Unfortunately I ’m short on time at the moment ( trying to launch a project this week ) but I have to say , at least , a few words about the hacker and artist _why .
At this moment , _why ’s online presence appears to be no more .
All of his sites and code are gone .
This includes , and is not limited to :
http://twitter.com/_why
http://github.com/why
http://whytheluckystiff.net/
http://poignantguide.net/
http://hackety.org/
http://shoooes.net/
http://hacketyhack.net/
http://tryruby.hobix.com/
Two conjectures are common at the moment : His account (s ) were hacked and sites taken down or he simply decided to delete his online presence .
I personally believe that he did this deliberately and with some amount of forethought .
One of the things that ’s made _why unique amongst programmers is that he has worked in virtual anonymity .
Some people knew his name but it was never a focus of his online persona ( and , at least , never actively associated with him as a person – I ’ve seen sites that purport to identify him , but they ’re generally incorrect , and fringe , at best ) .
Even live , giving talks or performing music , he still went by his pseudonym .
Reading through the original discovery thread you can see a full range of emotion regarding his disappearance ;
Anger , confusion , and sadness .
Personally , I feel a mixture of joy and amazement .
_why , the code he ’s written , the persona he projected , and the art he produced has been a long - time admiration of mine .
Some only see _why ’s code or writing ( Why ’s Poignant Guide to Ruby , for example – which can still be purchased on Lulu ) .
I tend to see _why more as an artist .
He used a wide variety of mediums for his exploration : Written word , drawings , code , and even music .
Not many know that he released an album to go along with Why ’s Poignant Guide to Ruby .
One of my favorite songs from the album is the one for the second chapter :
This Book is Made ( of Rabbits and Lemonade ) .
Nothing can capture the artistic ethos of _why better than the above song .
_why – even in his code – was eccentric , humorous , cute , and whimsical .
He relished his ability to express his art and was extremely good at it , at the same time .
Underlying the layer of whimsy that permeated his work there was a more serious tone : expression , simplicity , and education .
In all of his code , and writing , he was constantly trying to find ways to bring the art of hacking to more people – to younger people – to simplify the complexities that normally permeate development .
It ’s never completely clear from his writing , but I like to imagine _why with children .
Either as a grade school teacher or with his own children .
Finding ways to communicate with them , teach them , and encouraging their imagination and freedom of expression .
Due to his expressive nature I feel like I understand _why , even though I only managed to chat with him once , for a couple minutes , on IRC .
I can especially appreciate his anonymity .
In my life I constantly try to keep my work and personal life separate .
What _why did with his online persona has been a great inspiration to me .
He was successful in having virtually no bleed - over of his personal life ( with his family and friends ) into his online persona , and likely vice - versa .
People get way too caught up in their work .
I like to think that he was able to keep the products of his online persona separate from the rest of his life , treating them as completely distinct entities – the perfect , clear - cut , division between personal life , work , and play .
Seeing the complete deletion of his online persona does n’t terribly surprise me .
Back in 2007 _why closed his main blog ( RedHanded ) .
That event truly shocked me , but it helped me to better understand him as a person .
The blog , even though he had put years of work into it and people strongly identified him with it , was immaterial .
It did n’t feel like the right place to talk anymore so he moved on to another place , abandoning the old site .
If there ’s any analogy that I can make about _why , his online persona , and all the works that he ’s produced over the years it ’s to the Tibetan Buddhist tradition of the sand mandala .
Sand mandalas are incredibly intricate works of art that take many people many days to construct .
They ’re very expressive , but fragile , works of art .
After a mandala has been constructed – and displayed – it is ceremoniously deconstructed – which is meant “ to symbolize the Buddhist doctrinal belief in the transitory nature of material life . ”
_why ’s entire online presence and code was presented in the sand mandala that was ‘ _ why ’ .
The person behind ‘ _ why ’ simply decided to move on and close that portion of his life .
I ’ve seen a few people ask why he opted to remove his code – why did n’t he take his work seriously ?
( Especially since others have grown to depend upon it . )
Looking at the cumulative work and art of _why it should become painfully obvious :
The online presence of _why , and all the code , writing , music , and drawings that ’ve been produced are a mere transitory portion of one person ’s life .
He was constantly moving from project to project , blog to blog .
Now he ’s truly moved on and we should feel joy in having gotten to know him , and his art , over the past couple years .
While this is n’t a eulogy for a living person – I fully expect that he ’s happy and continuing to explore life with his friends and family – it ’s a eulogy to one portion of one man ’s life .
I wish I could better express what I feel for _why .
Whenever I think of him I think of artistic expression , happiness , and the joy of exploration .
To _why :
Thank you for bringing your code and art to us over the past couple years .
It ’s been greatly appreciated , more than you can know .
Please continue to enjoy your life and bring your joy and whimsy to others all over the world .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) --
Police shot and killed two ethnic Uyghurs and wounded another in a Chinese region that has seen violent ethnic strife in recent weeks , state media reported Monday .
Police patrol Urumqi , China , on Saturday , July 11 .
The police were trying to stop the three people from attacking a fourth person with clubs and knives in Urumqi , Xinjiang , China Radio International reported , citing the local government .
All four people involved in the incident were ethnic Uyghurs , a minority Muslim group distinct from China 's majority Han population , CRI said .
At least 184 people were killed in demonstrations in the region eight days ago , and more than 1,600 injured , according to government figures .
Chinese President Hu Jintao cut short a trip to the Group of Eight summit in Italy last week in the face of the violence in his country .
Heavily armed troops remained on the streets of Urumqi over the weekend , and curfews were in effect .
On Saturday , the Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported that Urumqi has banned public assembly without police approval .
" Assemblies , marches and demonstrations on public roads and at public places in the open air are not allowed without the permission by police , " read a notice by the Public Security Bureau of Urumqi , Xinhua said .
The Urumqi security measures on public assembly came on the eve of a sensitive day of mourning , media reported .
It is traditional for ethnic
Han to mourn their loss on the seventh day after a death , the South China Morning Post reported .
The violence is a result of ethnic tensions between the Uyghurs , who are predominantly Muslim , and members of China 's Han majority .
Hundreds of Han Chinese were on Urumqi streets on July 7 , holding sticks and pipes , and calling for punishment of the Uyghurs , who they say committed serious crimes .
The Uyghurs say they have been victimized and many of those killed in the violence were Uyghurs .
Uyghur religious leaders have condemned the violence , saying it is against the spirit of the Muslim faith and Uyghur tradition .
All About China • Protests and Demonstrations • Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
ANCHORAGE ( AP )  Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's political action committee raised nearly $ 733,000 in its first five months , according to a report filed Monday with the Federal Election Commission .
Receipts totaled $ 732,867.70 in the period between Jan. 1 and June 30 , including contributions as high as $ 5,000 from some individuals .
An estimated $ 200,000 more has poured into the SarahPAC committee since the former Republican vice presidential candidate announced July 3 that she will step down as governor July 26 , said Meghan Stapleton , her personal spokeswoman .
Stapleton said about $ 1.2 million has been raised between SarahPAC and a fund set up to help Palin pay more than $ 500,000 in legal debts stemming from multiple ethics complaints filed against her .
" What this tells me is that there is an overwhelming level of grass - roots support for the governor , and that Americans see her as a powerful figure for promoting conservative values , " Stapleton said .
A flurry of contributions in the last two days of the reporting period followed an e-mailed plea to supporters .
" It worked , and it 's still working , " SarahPAC treasurer Tim Crawford said .
Palin , who is believed to be eyeing a 2012 run for the presidency , launched SarahPAC in late January , saying the goal was to help support candidates for federal and state office .
Aides at the time said the committee would help political activities going forward for Palin , who gained instant fame when she was named as John McCain 's running mate last year .
SarahPAC reported spending more than $ 276,000 and said it had nearly $ 457,000 cash on hand .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Ian Dunt
ID cards could cost as much as £ 2,857 each based on the amount of money the government has already committed to the pilot project , politics .
co.uk can exclusively reveal .
The figure dwarfs former home secretary Jacqui Smith 's claims that ID cards will cost individuals no more than £ 30 each , unless the government intends to heavily subsidise their production .
A Freedom of Information request to the Home Office by politics .
co.uk revealed the total money spent to date by the department to " design , build , test and operate the technology to support issue of the first ID cards " stands at £ 20 million over five years .
Meanwhile , the Home Office 's own annual report says it intends to issue ID cards to " 7,000 British nationals " this year .
Taking the £ 20 million already spent on the development of ID cards and dividing this by the 7,000 people the Home Office expects to issue them to produces an individual cost per card of £ 2,857 .
ANALYSIS : How politics .co.uk reached its ID cards figure
Even if the Home Office expanded the pilot scheme to a further 7,000 British nationals each year until 2014 , ID cards would still cost £ 571 each to produce and there is no indication that the costs of producing the cards could come down .
In fact , anti-ID card campaign group No2ID believes that given the government has already committed £ 20 million to the current project , costs could spiral .
Former shadow home secretary David Davies told politics.co.uk : " This is yet another piece of evidence that the Jacqui Smith estimate of the cost of the ID card is not just wrong but wholly implausible .
" While of course the costs will come down as start - up expenses fall , the raw truth is that every single government IT project of anything approaching this size has overrun by several hundred per cent and generally failed to deliver . "
The £ 20 m figure constitutes a small increase on the previous costing , which had put the contract at £ 18 million over four years .
Phil Booth , national coordinator of No2ID , told politics.co.uk : " The true cost of ID cards is spiralling out of control , just as predicted .
" While the Home Office may waive the initial fee for the first few airside workers forced to register , its own figures show this blatant piece of ministerial face - saving is to cost the taxpayer thousands per card .
" And it has yet to reveal the lifetime cost - fees , charges and fines that will inflate the price for anyone foolish or unlucky enough to find themselves prey to the government 's ID regime . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne told politics.co.uk : " Whatever the final cost of an ID card per person turns out to be , it will clearly have been a huge waste of money .
" Instead of spending billons on a scheme which will do nothing to reduce crime or keep people safe , ministers should use the money to put extra police on the streets .
" If Alan Johnson pushes ahead with this scheme , once larger numbers of people are asked to sign up , he will soon find that it is a laminated poll tax . "
The government is currently rolling out the first stage of its ID cards project through the Critical Workers Identity Cards ( CWIC ) scheme .
This only includes air - side workers - those that work beyond passport control at an airport terminal - at Manchester and London City airports .
The CWIC scheme is the first pilot of ID cards to UK nationals but the 7,000 British nationals referred to in the annual report includes a voluntary roll - out scheme in Manchester as well .
Repeated questions to the Home Office about what proportion of the 7,000 figure is constituted by the Manchester roll - out were refused a response .
Home Office officials also declined to say how the department had come to the estimate of how many people would apply for a card , despite there being no historical precedent for the scheme .
Asked how many people the CWIC scheme would involve , the Home Office said because further rollouts had not yet been finalised it was not possible to estimate the total number of workers affected .
" The Identity and Passport Service ( IPS ) has awarded a contract to Thales UK Ltd for a period of five years to design , build , test and operate the technology to support issue of the first ID cards ; total costs to date , including this contract , are £ 20 m , " the Home Office reply reads .
" The first group of critical workers to be included in the scheme are airside workers .
We are working with other industries in order to prioritise further rollouts on the basis of benefits to additional groups of critical workers .
Hence , it is not yet possible to estimate the final number of cards that will be issued to critical workers . "
While the costs of individual cards could drop once the project is up and running , the £ 2,857 figure is also a cautious one , because it takes into account the subjects of both the CWIC programme and the Manchester roll - out while the £ 20 million figure applies only to CWIC .
An Identity and Passport Service spokesperson poured cold water on the calculations , calling the figure " incorrect " .
" We have always been very open about ID card costs and last month published the annual ID card costs report , " the spokesperson told politics .co.uk .
" All the costs of issuing the cards will be covered by the fee income it generates .
We remain fully committed to rolling out ID cards which will provide the public with a single , simply and secure way for individuals to prove their identity and safeguard their details . "
New home secretary Alan Johnson is currently setting up a review of the ID cards scheme , from ' first principles ' .
There are new opportunities for scholars , experts say About 800 pages of the earliest surviving Christian Bible have been recovered and put on the internet .
Visitors to the website www.codexsinaiticus.org can now see images of more than half the 1,600 - year - old Codex Sinaiticus manuscript .
Fragments of the 4th Century document - written in Greek on parchment leaves - have been worked on by institutions in the UK , Germany , Egypt and Russia .
Experts say it is " a window into the development of early Christianity " .
Preservation secrets Dr Scot McKendrick , head of Western manuscripts at the British Library , said the wide availability of the document presented many research opportunities .
This 1,600 - year - old manuscript offers a window into the development of early Christianity
Dr Scot McKendrick
British Library
What 's missing from the Codex Sinaiticus ?
" The Codex Sinaiticus is one of the world 's greatest written treasures , " he said .
" This 1,600 - year - old manuscript offers a window into the development of early Christianity and first - hand evidence of how the text of the Bible was transmitted from generation to generation .
" The availability of the virtual manuscript for study by scholars around the world creates opportunities for collaborative research that would not have been possible just a few years ago . "
The original version contained about 1,460 pages - each measuring 40 cm by 35 cm , he added .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The British Library is marking the online launch of the manuscript with an exhibition - which includes a range of historic items and artefacts linked to the document .
For 1,500 years , the Codex Sinaiticus lay undisturbed in a Sinai monastery until it was found in 1844 and split between Egypt , Russia , Germany and Britain .
It is thought to have survived because the desert air was ideal for preservation and because the monastery , on a Christian island in a Muslim sea , remained untouched , its walls unconquered .
The institutions ' painstaking work can now be seen at www.codexsinaiticus.org.
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Farming unions are urging walkers - especially those with dogs - to be aware of the dangers posed by cows with calves .
Three people have died in as many months and others have been injured - including the former Home Secretary David Blunkett who was trampled while walking with his guide dog .
Colette Hume reports .
Like a lot of OOP programmers , I ’m a fan of Design Patterns .
While I do n’t treat it like the sacred tome that many think it is , I learned a lot of design tricks for solving problems from it .
As I ’ve moved from C++ towards other languages , it ’s become clear that many patterns in it exist just to get around limitations in C ++.
The anti-C++ crowd just uses this as evidence that C++ sucks since you have to write a whole book to get around its shortcomings .
Let ’s not go there .
Instead , I want to see if I can show you a bit about a language feature that C++ lacks and that you may not know ( closures ) by getting there from something familiar to an average C++ OOP programmer ( the Command Pattern ) and changing it in stages .
I ’ll use C# as the example language here , but any language with closures would work : Lua , Scheme , etc .
The Command Pattern
Let ’s say you ’re writing a chess program .
You want it to support both regular human players and built - in AI players .
The core chess engine does n’t care about what kind of players it ’s dealing wth .
All it needs to know is for a given player , what that player ’s move is .
For a human player , the UI code will get the user ’s move selection and pass that to the engine .
For an AI player , the AI rules select the best move and pass it in .
The “ move ” here is the command pattern .
The basic idea is that you have a command class that encapsulates some procedure to perform and any data that procedure needs .
You can think of it like a function call and its parameters bottled up together to be opened up later by someone else .
A vanilla implementation is something like :
interface ICommand { void Invoke ( ) ; } class MovePieceCommand : ICommand { public Piece Piece ; public int X ; public int Y ; public void Invoke ( ) { Piece .
MoveTo ( X , Y ) ; } }
We ’ll also create a little command factory for creating the commands .
This is n’t necessary now , but it ’ll make sense later when we start moving things around .
static class Commands { // create a command to move a piece public static ICommand MovePiece ( Piece piece , int x , int y ) { var command = new MovePieceCommand ( ) ; command .
Piece = piece ; command .
X = x ; command .
Y = y ; return command ; } }
To complete this first pass , here ’s a little block to test our code :
class Program { public static Main ( string [ ] args ) { // ui or ai creates command var piece = new Piece ( ) ; var command = Commands .
MovePiece ( piece , 3 , 4 ) ; // chess engine invokes it command .
Invoke ( ) ; } }
The First Change : Delegates
The first change we ’ll make is a pretty minor one .
The ICommand interface only has a single method , Invoke ( ) , so there ’s no real reason to make an interface for it .
Since delegates in C# work fine on instance methods , we can just use that instead .
We ’ll define a delegate type for a function that takes no arguments and returns nothing , just like the Invoke ( ) method in ICommand .
delegate CommandDel ( ) ; class MovePieceCommand { public Piece Piece ; public int X ; public int Y ; public void Invoke ( ) { Piece .
MoveTo ( X , Y ) ; } } static class Commands { // create a command to move a piece public static CommandDel MovePiece ( Piece piece , int x , int y ) { var command = new MovePieceCommand ( ) ; command .
Piece = piece ; command .
X = x ; command .
Y = y ; return command .
Invoke ; } } class Program { public static Main ( string [ ] args ) { // ui or ai creates command var piece = new Piece ( ) ; var command = Commands .
MovePiece ( piece , 3 , 4 ) ; // chess engine invokes it command ( ) ; } }
Not much different , although we did get to ditch the interface without any loss in functionality .
The Second Change : Ditch Invoke
That Invoke ( ) method up there really does n’t do much .
It just calls another function .
Let ’s see if we can pull that out .
C# has “ anonymous delegates ” , which are basically functions defined within the body of another function .
We ’ll try that .
class MovePieceCommand { public Piece Piece ; public int X ; public int Y ; } static class Commands { // create a command to move a piece public static Action MovePiece ( Piece piece , int x , int y ) { var command = new MovePieceCommand ( ) ; command .
Piece = piece ; command .
X = x ; command .
Y = y ; CommandDelegate invoke = delegate ( ) { command .
Piece .
MoveTo ( command .
X , command . Y ) ; } ; return invoke ; } }
Now instead of an Invoke ( ) method we have an anonymous function stored in a local invoke variable .
But this local function is n’t a method , so it does n’t have a this reference .
How does it get access to the MovePieceCommand that stores the piece and location to move it to ?
Like a little magic trick , the body of the invoke delegate actually accesses the MovePieceCommand stored in command , a local variable defined outside of itself in MovePiece .
That ’s a closure : a local function that references a variable defined outside of its scope .
In C# , the compiler will make sure those closed over local variables get moved to the heap , so that our delegate still has access to them even after MovePiece has returned .
It actually does this by building a little class like our old MovePieceCommand and turns the delegate we just made back into a method .
The advantage is that the compiler writes the class for us .
We do n’t have to .
Call me lazy , but if there ’s anything I like , it ’s doing less .
Clean Up
By now it ’s clear MovePieceCommand is n’t doing much .
It ’s just a bag of data .
If our anonymous delegate can access local variables outside its scope anyway , there ’s no reason to bundle them into an object .
Let ’s kill it .
To clean things up a bit more , we ’ll also define the delegate using C# ‘s newer lambda syntax .
It does the exact same thing , but more tersely .
static class Commands { // create a command to move a piece public static Action MovePiece ( Piece piece , int x , int y ) { return ( ) => piece .
MoveTo ( x , y ) ; } }
And just like that , our whole command pattern has become a single line of code .
Conclusion
There are plenty of cases where it ’s still useful to implement a full command pattern : maybe you need to be able to invoke the command in multiple ways , or undo it .
However , for simple problems , I go for the simple solution .
If you ’re working in a language with closures , it does n’t get simpler than this .
Erik Prince discovered a passion for freedom long before founding Blackwater .
Freedom is a mighty thing .
Its exercise unleashes , its defense galvanizes .
In the imagination , it conjures a dream that meets reality only in glimpses : an open field , a decisive choice , or a long - held desire finally in reach .
Freedom , such ecstasy reveals , is the principle ( or anti-principle ) that organizes the whole universe .
It is simple .
But grasping it for oneself , without slipping into a new sort of bondage , is hard .
The athletic , adventuresome son of a Michigan car - parts billionaire , Prince experienced the benefits of free - market business firsthand .
After a short spell at the Naval Academy , he finished his undergraduate years at Hillsdale College , renowned in conservative circles for its stubborn libertarianism .
Later , after returning to the Navy as a SEAL and inheriting from his father ’s riches , he co-founded Blackwater and became a pioneer in the freewheeling growth industry of private military contracting .
This turned out to be a fortuitous move .
Only a few years later , a worldwide war on terror began in defense of — you guessed it — freedom , which the US government was ill - equipped to execute .
In exchange for their help , Blackwater and its siblings won wide - reaching deliverance from the constraints of military and civilian oversight while implementing American government policy at home and abroad .
Lucrative Pentagon and State Department contracts meant that , now a free - market businessman in his own right , Erik Prince had come full circle .
Prince ’s freedom , however , may not last .
On August 4 , Jeremy Scahill reported in The Nation that the night before , a pair of anonymous former Blackwater employees had filed sworn affidavits ( John Doe # 1 and # 2 ) against Prince and his company in a Virginia federal court .
Neither informant feels at liberty to reveal his identity for fear of retribution .
The former employees allege that , during ongoing federal investigations , Prince “ murdered , or had murdered ” informants to keep them from testifying .
Both say that Blackwater employees injured and killed Iraqi civilians without cause , at times with restricted weaponry , then destroyed the evidence .
Prince ’s private planes were used , says John Doe # 2 , to smuggle weapons into the country .
He also alleges that Blackwater maintained a “ wife - swapping and sex ring ” at its North Carolina compound ( which Prince seems to have encouraged ) , and that his men were in the habit of using child prostitutes .
( Employees of another contractor , DynCorp , were found in 2000 to have been organizing a child sex ring in Bosnia . )
Freedom to fire at will , the statements suggest , mixes in Blackwater ’s culture with experiments in sexual liberation .
Battle for the Defense of Christendom
John Doe # 2 ’s testimony makes particularly troubling claims about more cosmic aspects of Prince ’s leadership at Blackwater .
Prince , he alleges , “ views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe . ”
He adds , “ Mr. Prince intentionally deployed to Iraq certain men who shared his vision of Christian supremacy , knowing and wanting these men to take every available opportunity to murder Iraqis .
Many of these men used call signs based on the Knights of the Templar , the warriors who fought the Crusades . ”
These remain unverified contentions , and anonymous ones at that .
But they ’re hardly surprising .
Scahill is also the author of Blackwater : The Rise of the World ’s Most Powerful Mercenary Army , a book full of troubling revelations about the company and its founder .
The fascination with medieval bloodshed appears to run deep ; Scahill reports that some Blackwater bosses boast membership in the Sovereign Order of Malta , another Crusader brotherhood .
“ Some , ” he observes ( well before seeing John Doe # 2 ’s affidavit ) , “ appear to believe they are engaged in an epic battle for the defense of Christendom . ”
Throughout , the book explores Prince ’s longstanding ties with reactionary religion .
Prince ’s father , whose business success was referred to as “ a boom built on Biblical principles , ” by Republican operative Gary Bauer , bankrolled Bauer and James Dobson ’s Family Research Council .
The younger Prince converted to Catholicism in 1992 , but his old ties with evangelical organizations has made him a bridge - builder among conservative Christians of both stripes .
Prince ’s personal philanthropy goes through his Freiheit Foundation ( freiheit is German for “ freedom ” ) .
In addition to conservative think tanks like the American Enterprise Institute , many of its beneficiaries are expressly religious , including the embattled Legionaries of Christ , Charles Colson ’s Prison Fellowship , and Christian Freedom International .
These are decidedly not militant organizations .
But in the imagination of Erik Prince , freedom of militancy and freedom of religion go , literally , hand in hand .
He once described his liberated militia thusly : “ Everybody carries guns , just like Jeremiah rebuilding the temple in Israel — a sword in one hand and a trowel in the other . ”
It ’s a fabulous prospect , to a certain habit of thinking , where freedom is the substance of things hoped for and its evidence can be seen in the wonders of free enterprise and powerful weaponry .
The grace of an Invisible Hand falls upon its chosen ones with riches , as if proclaiming , “ These are my beloved , with whom I am well pleased ; listen to them ! ”
Free - market war , like all free markets , promises to exceed the prospects of the alternative , creating more wealth for more people beyond our wildest imaginations .
But it may be that warfare is n’t a wealth that we need to increase .
Our imagination of it is already quite wild enough .
Through their arrangements with the Pentagon and the civilian government , Blackwater and companies like it achieved quite nearly the “ armed and dangerous ” epitome of market - driven freedom .
If they flub up , there are no consequences to bind them except losing the contract or , as for Blackwater - turned - Xe , a public - relations makeover .
So empowered , private armies can spread like viruses , everywhere the market they create can sustain them .
For their employers , they become an addiction .
In 2006 , the Department of Defense officially began including contractors as part of its “ Total Force . ” Blackwater celebrated .
“ Hiring mercenaries was no longer an option , ” Scahill writes of this sea change ; “ it was US policy . ”
There are currently about as many private contractors in Iraq as there are active - duty soldiers .
And while much is made politically of plans to pull back frontline troops , the kinds of support and security roles contractors play suggest that they are likely to remain behind a good deal longer .
Last week , Scahill reported that , despite losing their operating license with the Iraqi government , the US State Department continues to allow Blackwater / Xe to maintain an armed presence there .
Wherever these contractors go , one can be assured that they will ( freely ) pursue their own interests ahead of their employers ’ , and the two might not always coincide .
Prince speaks of biblical swords , but what about ploughshares ?
There are other freedoms , other visions of liberty than what he learned at home and models in his company .
One can long for freedoms from , as well as freedoms to : from never - ending wars for profit , from sexual exploitation , from fear of retribution for speaking out , and from murderous religious intolerance .
These I find , in preference to Prince ’s , to be the more splendid .
These Lemon Blueberry Streusel Bars are a delicious dessert to make when you have access to beautiful , fresh blueberries .
They ’re pretty enough to serve for a special occasion too !
You can see that these Lemon Blueberry Streusel Bars stack nicely on a display platter .
They ’re going to be one of those desserts that disappears rather quickly as soon as you set them out for guests .
Everyone loves chocolate , but the combination of lemon and blueberry is pretty irresistible too .
I need to give you an idea of what these bars are like .
Picture a delicious crumb crust on both the top and bottom of the bars .
The middle is this incredible lemon filling with the fresh blueberries baked in .
Bite into these bars and get all of that !
How to Make Lemon Blueberry Streusel Bars :
There are a few steps involved in making these lemon blueberry streusel bars , but the time spent making them is well worth the end result .
You ’ll begin by making an oat crumb crust .
That ’ll get pressed into the bottom of a 9×13 - inch pan , setting some of the crumbs aside to create a topping for the bars too .
While the crust is baking , you ’ll whip up the most fabulous , sweet lemon filling mixture .
That gets drizzled onto the baked crust with plenty of blueberries sprinkled on top of the lemon layer too .
The reserved crumbs are sprinkled on top , and it goes back into the oven .
This recipe turns out 24 Lemon Blueberry Streusel Bars .
I like to chill them for a while so they ’re easier to cut cleanly .
These bars are sturdy enough to be a hand - held dessert .
Because of their crumby nature , they will be a little messy with crumbs falling to and fro while eating … so I suggest you have napkins or small plates nearby .
To make them pretty on a platter , scatter some fresh blueberries around and maybe display a lemon or two .
This gives everyone a hint as to what ’s in these bars so you do n’t have to explain yourself over and over again .
Of course , you could always make a cute little sign telling everyone that these are Lemon Blueberry Streusel Bars too !
If you ’re looking for more recipes featuring fresh blueberries , you might also enjoy my Blueberry - Apple Crisp or this Blueberry Gooey Butter Cake .
Blueberry Cobbler , Blueberry Muffin Cake and Blueberry Pie Fudge are delicious blueberry treats too !
by Mark Peters
Shel Silverstein — the late cartoonist , singer , songwriter , playwright , and mega - selling author of such classics as The Giving Tree and Where the Sidewalk Ends — did n't like children 's literature .
Spoon - feeding kids sugar - sweet stories just was n't his style .
Fortunately for generations of young readers , someone convinced him to do something about it — namely , break the mold himself .
Using edgy humor , clever rhymes , and tripped - out drawings , Silverstein achieved the impossible .
He bridged the worlds of adult and children 's art , while becoming wildly popular in the process .
Where the Sidewalk Began
Sheldon Allan Silverstein was born on September 25 , 1930 , into a Jewish middle - class family in Chicago 's Logan Square neighborhood .
And though the intensely private Silverstein never divulged many details of his youth , we do know his childhood was largely consumed with a rabid devotion to the Chicago White Sox .
In fact , if the cartoonist - in - training could 've belted homers instead of scrawling pictures , he definitely would have .
Instead , the unathletic young Silverstein had to settle for filling up sketch pads instead of stat sheets .
Silverstein's skills in the classroom did n't fare much better than they did on the field .
After brief stints at the University of Illinois at Urbana ( where he was thrown out ) and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago ( where he dropped out ) , Silverstein managed to last three years at Chicago 's Roosevelt University , where he studied English .
More significantly , however , that 's where he began writing and cartooning for the student paper , The Torch , whereby he launched his lifelong career in skewering authority figures .
His first published cartoon , for instance , was that of a naked student holding a cigarette while confronting a peeved professor .
The caption read , " What do you mean ' No Smoking ' ?
I thought this was a liberal school . " 
Aside from receiving a little artistic encouragement at Roosevelt , Silverstein did n't exactly get a lot out of college .
Summing up the experience , he once said , " I did n't get laid much .
I did n't learn much .
Those are the two worst things that can happen to a guy . " 
Silverstein was drafted in 1953 , before he had the chance to finish school ( though he's not convinced he would have ) and was shipped off to serve in the Korean War .
His tour of duty likely influenced his often - dark worldview , but it definitely shaped his emerging career path .
Oddly enough , Silverstein earned his first art - related paychecks as a journalist and cartoonist for the Pacific edition of the U.S. military 's newspaper , Stars and Stripes .
Despite the rigid environment , he could n't resist the urge to rib the powers - that - be in his work .
In fact , Silverstein narrowly avoided the world 's first cartoon - related court martial over a comic strip that seemed to imply officers were dressing their families in stolen uniforms .
This led to stern instructions that only civilians and animals were proper topics for criticism .
Although not exactly a " yay , military ! "  kind of fellow , Silverstein nevertheless appreciated the opportunities the Army gave him to travel and hone his craft .
After being discharged in 1955 , he returned to Chicago and started cartooning on a freelance basis .
His hard work soon paid off , and Silverstein started landing gigs at magazines such as Look , Sports Illustrated , and This Week .
But then he hit the jackpot ; he met Hugh Hefner and got in on the almost - ground floor of Playboy , which had premiered just two years prior .
From 1956 on , Silverstein was known to live intermittently with his new pal at the Playboy mansion while contributing articles , as well as plenty of not - quite - kid - friendly comic strips .
Kids ' Authors Say the Darnedest Things
Given the whole Playboy thing , Shel Silverstein was hardly a prime candidate to become the world 's next great children 's author .
After all , the guy was n't shy about his distaste for the genre — a fact evident in his 1961 book , Uncle Shelby 's ABZ Book : A Primer for Tender Young Minds .
Excerpted in Playboy , the adult book spoofed the Dick - and - Jane genre with lines such as " See the baby play .
/ Play , baby , play .
/ Pretty , pretty baby .
/ Mommy loves the baby / More than she loves you . " 
The ABZ Book made it clear that Silverstein hated the condescending brand of writing often used in children 's literature — and what better way to change the state of affairs than to write them better yourself ?
Convincing Silverstein of that took a fair amount of wheedling and cajoling , but his friend ( and children 's author / illustrator ) Tomi Ungerer , along with famed Harper & Row children 's editor Ursula Nordstrom , was up to the task .
Eventually , they persuaded Uncle Shelby to take a crack at the real thing .
In 1963 , at age 32 , Silverstein published his first children 's book , Uncle Shelby 's Story of Lafcadio , the Lion Who Shot Back .
The tale — in appropriately Silverstein - twisted fashion — is about a marshmallow - loving lion who faces an identity crisis after becoming a celebrated marksman .
It was a huge hit .
By 1974 , Lafcadio had plenty of company , including Uncle Shelby 's A Giraffe and a Half , Who Wants a Cheap Rhinoceros ?
and two books that would eventually rank among the 20 bestselling children 's books of all time : The Giving Tree and Where the Sidewalk Ends ( hereafter shortened to Sidewalk ) .
Poem - cum - cartoon collections such as Sidewalk ( and , later , A Light in the Attic and Falling Up ) became instant classics for obvious reasons .
They featured Silverstein 's trademark giddy style and his unmistakable talent for crafting verses as pliable as putty .
Who else can write lines like , " Washable Mendable / Highly dependable / Buyable Bakeable / Always available / Bounceable Shakable / Almost unbreakable / Twistable Turnable Man "?
Silverstein also endeared himself to readers with unpretentious language , loony black - and - white drawings , and memorable characters ( Sarah Cynthia Sylvia Stout from Sidewalk 's " Sarah Cynthia Sylvia Stout Would Not take the Garbage Out "  comes to mind ) .
For all of these reasons , Silverstein 's work was tremendously well received by the masses .
However , anytime you push an envelope , you 're bound to take some heat .
Indeed , both Sidewalk and A Light in the Attic were banned from various libraries and targeted by prudish groups who thought the poems and pictures were too weird , too gross , too antiauthoritarian , or otherwise too much for children 's fragile minds .
In fact , opponents called Silverstein 's poems everything from Satanic and sexual to anti-Christian and cannibalistic .
Yes , cannibalistic .
Apparently , some folks took serious issue with Sidewalk 's poem " Dreadful , "  which contained such verses as " Someone ate the baby .
/
What a frightful thing to eat ! /
Someone ate the baby /
Though she was n't very sweet .
/
It was a heartless thing to do .
/
The policemen have n't got a clue . / I simply can't imagine who / Would go and ( burp ) eat the baby . " 
The eating - human - babies fad never really caught on in America , but perhaps protesters stopped the madness just in time .
Grim Reaping
Those who branded Silverstein 's work as unfit for children were certainly extremists , but that 's not to say Uncle Shelby did n't have a dark side that could be a bit unnerving at times .
There are hints of this even in The Giving Tree , which tells the story of a generous tree that repeatedly donates parts of itself to a needy boy until it 's nothing more than a stump .
Although the book is considered a classic today , after Silverstein finished it in 1960 , it took him four years before he found anyone willing to publish it .
Apparently , editors found it too depressing for kids and too simple for adults .
It was n't until his other titles started raking in the dough that Harper & Row was confident enough to give it a shot .
Other times , however , it 's much more obvious that Silverstein had no qualms writing children 's literature that was less than shiny and happy .
Probably the best example is 1964's Who Wants a Cheap Rhinoceros ?
In it , a boy lists numerous reasons why a priced - to - sell rhino would make a sound investment , including " He can open soda cans for your uncle "  and " He is great at imitating a shark . " 
Gradually , however , the lines get a lot less goofy .
On one page , the boy describes the rhino as " good for yelling at , "  which is accompanied by a picture of the abject , tearful pet .
Another page suggests the rhino is " great for not letting your mother hit you when you really have n't done anything bad . " 
Lines such as those are particularly shocking , but they ultimately reflect one of the most innovative aspects of Silverstein 's work — a sense of mutual respect and honesty often lacking in children 's literature .
Silverstein firmly rejected the notion that characters should always ride off into a sunset or that kids should be taught to aspire to an all - rosy - all - the - time life .
In fact , one of his greatest impacts on the genre was proving that creating great children 's literature does n't always mean treating your readers like kids .
But Silverstein perhaps summed up his philosophy best in " The Land of Happy "  from Sidewalk : " There 's no one unhappy in Happy / There 's laughter and smiles galore . / I have been to the Land of Happy — / What a bore ! " 
The Silver Lining , Shel - Style
Silverstein's desire to reverse dopey endings and shiny - happy storylines may have been simply a result of his distaste for predictability .
In his art as well as his life , Silverstein strenuously avoided well - trod paths .
" Successful cartoonist becomes immortal children 's author "  is a pretty straightforward tale , so leave it to Shel to throw in the occasional Playboy monkey wrench .
Similarly , Silverstein made it pretty impossible to get pigeon - holed into a poetry - and - cartooning rut by simply tossing in a few other careers on top — songwriter , musician , novelist , you name it .
In 1959 , just a few years before he started to write children 's books , Silverstein began a respectable career in music .
How respectable ?
Well , he was inducted into the Nashville Songwriter 's Hall of Fame , won two Grammy awards , recorded more than a dozen albums , and wrote hundreds of songs that were recorded by artists including Kris Kristofferson , Waylon Jennings , and Jerry Lee Lewis .
The poetry skills Silverstein brought to children 's books were easily parlayed into a knack for clever songwriting .
And while Silverstein did n't have the voice to make it as a performer , he quickly attracted attention from other musicians eager to record his tunes ( many of which can be found on the recently released The Best of Shel Silverstein : His Words His Songs His Friends ) .
Of course , it helped that Silverstein was considered an exceedingly generous collaborator .
He was popularly known for his policy of giving equal credit to anyone who co-wrote a song with him , even if they contributed only a single line or small idea .
What 's interesting is that this was the polar opposite of Silverstein 's reputation in the world of literature .
One reason his books are so easy to spot on a bookshelf is that he made unyielding demands about their formats .
Most have never been printed in paperback ( per his instruction ) , and he scrupulously selected every typeface and paper grade .
Such micromanagement might have benefited him as an author , but in the music industry , his generosity paid off , freeing him from petty monetary squabbles and making him an even more appealing collaborator .
And plenty lined up to work with Shel. Silverstein - penned hits include The Irish Rovers ' " The Unicorn , "  Loretta Lynn 's " One 's On the Way , "  Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show 's " Sylvia 's Mother "  and " Cover of the Rolling Stone , "  and , of course , Johnny Cash 's " A Boy Named Sue . " 
On top of all that , Silverstein was more than a dabbler in the dramatic .
He wrote dozens of plays that were well - received by critics , including The Devil and Billy Markham , The Crate , The Lady or the Tiger Show , Gorilla , and Little Feet , plus the screenplay for Things Change with playwright pal David Mamet .
His musical talents also carried over to several movie soundtracks , including an Oscar - nominated song from Postcards on the Edge .
On the side , he did a little acting , most notably a small role in Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me? alongside Dustin Hoffman .
Not bad for something that probably would 've appeared on the ninth page of his resume .
Of course , that was n't everything .
In his abundant spare time , Silverstein penned a few mystery stories .
We also heard he sculpted a few statues , choreographed a ballet , and built an Egyptian - style pyramid , but there 's no truth to those stories .
As far as we know .
Crying Uncle
Silverstein once said , " Do n't be dependent on anyone else — man , woman , child , or dog .
I want to go everywhere , look at and listen to everything .
You can go crazy with some of the wonderful stuff there is in life . " 
Restless words from a restless man .
Throughout his life , Silverstein did n't stay with a single art form , or live at a single residence , for too long .
The same philosophy also seemed to apply to his love life .
He had two kids , but never married .
Freedom of all sorts — especially the freedom to create what , when , and however he wanted — was vital to him .
Such an idiosyncratic path does n't often lead to big bucks , but Shel was once again the exception to the rule .
When he died of heart failure on May 10 , 1999 , at the age of 68 , he was worth millions .
Silverstein gave only a few interviews during his lifetime , and not many were lengthy .
He seems to have had a real aversion to blabbing about his work .
In fact , he did n't even like for his stuff to be advertised , asking that excerpts of poems and cartoons be the sole contents of any necessary , evil , and publisher - mandated publicity .
He once suggested , " If you want to find out what a writer or a cartoonist really feels , look at his work . " 
We can only recommend you simply trust him on that one .
This article originally appeared in mental_floss magazine .
General Motors announced an increase in North American production this afternoon that has no doubt been brought on by the success of the federal government 's Cash for Clunkers program .
The increase will add shifts at facilities in Lordstown , OH , which produces the Chevy Cobalt , and the CAMI plant in Ontario , Canada , which makes the new 2010 Chevy Equinox and GMC Terrain All in , the extra shifts will add 60,000 units to GM 's production schedule over the third and fourth quarters of 2009 .
Extra bonus : 1,350 union auto workers will return to work to make it happen .
GM also says that further production increases are likely based on positive consumer reaction to other vehicles like the Chevy Camaro Cadillac SRX and CTS wagon and new Buick LaCrosse
We 'll have to wait until September sales numbers are released to see just how much C4C has positively affected GM 's sales , but it 's crystal clear now that dealers have sold through their inventory and want more , pronto .
[ Source : General Motors | Photo by Bill Pugliano / Getty ]
GM Increasing North America Production , Adding Jobs to Meet Demand
Company adds 60,000 cars and trucks to production schedule
Adds shifts of production to its Lordstown ( Ohio ) and CAMI ( Ontario , Canada ) plants
Reinstates 1,350 jobs
Detroit – General Motors is increasing production at several North America assembly plants in response to increased sales .
The company will add shifts , overtime and reinstate forecasted down weeks at select facilities .
As a result , GM will add about 60,000 vehicles in the third and mainly the fourth quarter production forecast , ensuring a wide selection of high - quality , fuel efficient cars , crossovers and trucks for customers .
To help meet the increased demand , GM is adding shifts at CAMI , Ontario , Canada where the next generation Chevy Equinox and all - new GMC Terrain are built and Lordstown , Ohio where we build the fuel - efficient Chevy Cobalt .
This will bring approximately 1,350 UAW and CAW employees back to the assembly lines .
The Chevy HHR and Colorado and the GMC Canyon are also experiencing increased demand .
Based on consumer reaction to the Chevy Camaro , Cadillac SRX and CTS Wagon and the Buick LaCrosse , we anticipate the need to increase production at our plants will continue .
" We are running our plants to maintain maximum flexibility and keep production tightly aligned with customer demand , " said Tim Lee , GM group vice president , global manufacturing and labor .
" The uptick is an encouraging sign that vehicle sales are turning around , and we will ramp up quickly to meet that demand . "
In July and August , the popular Cash for Clunkers program generated substantial demand for a broad range of fuel efficient vehicles within GM , including the Chevy Aveo , Cobalt , HHR , Malibu , Equinox and Colorado .
This latest round of production increases will go a long way in rebuilding dealer inventories to help us meet strong consumer demand .
The first Tata Nano , the world 's cheapest car , was delivered in July
Car sales in India have risen by almost a third as new launches and lower interest rates encourage people to buy new cars .
Sales jumped 31 % in July , to 115,067 units , from the same month a year ago , the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers said .
Commercial vehicle sales also rose by 9.6 % after months of decline .
The first owner of the world 's cheapest car , the Tata Nano , took possession of his vehicle in Mumbai in July .
' Sustainable demand '
" Lower interest rates , government stimulus packages , a reduction in excise duty rates towards the early part of the year and the growing presence of players in the rural markets has aided this recovery in industry volumes , " said Vaishali Jajoo , analyst at Mumbai 's Angel Broking .
July was the sixth consecutive month in which car sales increased .
Analysts said that the trend was likely to continue .
" Unlike last year , banks are willing to lend now and there is a return in customer demand , which will grow sales , " said Ashish Nigam , analyst at Antique Stock Broking .
" With new launches there are more urban buyers and I see demand for vehicles being sustained . "
Tata Motors says it has received more than 200,000 orders for the Nano , which was launched in March at a factory price of 100,000 rupees ( $ 2,092 ; £ 1,257 ) , not including taxes and other charges .
Car sales in a number of major economies are starting to pick up , boosted in many cases by government incentives for trading in old cars .
DUBROVNIK , Croatia ( Reuters ) - Wearing flip - flops , khaki shorts and a green polo shirt , the new chief executive of bailed - out insurer American International Group Inc says he ’s getting a lot of work done from his massive villa overlooking the Adriatic .
“ People criticize me for being on vacation .
I actually started work a week before I was actually supposed to , ” Robert Benmosche told Reuters in an interview .
“ I do have conference calls every day , I have all my information sent here .
I can work here as well as in the office in New York . ”
Benmosche , 65 , previously the CEO of MetLife Inc , the largest U.S. life insurer , came out of retirement to become AIG ’s CEO on August 10 .
His holiday , which started only a few days after he took up the job at AIG , has raised some eyebrows in the United States , where financial executives have faced unrelenting criticism over high compensation and anything that smacks of a privileged lifestyle during the economic crisis .
Executives at companies bailed out by the government , like AIG , have had to be particularly careful .
Benmosche said that he regularly keeps up with AIG business via telephone and the Internet , helped by the villa ’s array of satellite technology , and had three conference calls scheduled for Wednesday .
He had returned to the villa in a city famed for its medieval walls and crystal clear waters because he said he wanted to oversee the harvest of his vineyards to the north and spend time with his children and grandchildren .
He plans to return to work at AIG ’s offices in New York after Labor Day on September 7 .
PASSION FOR CROATIA
He makes no apologies for his passion for Croatia , including his palatial villa with 12 bathrooms and his vineyards on the Peljesac Peninsula about a two hours drive north of Dubrovnik .
Benmosche has no previous family links to Croatia ; his ancestors hail from Lithuania and Poland .
“ When you come here , all of a sudden you appreciate the world you live in , ” he said .
He bought the stone house ( then a “ complete wreck ” in his words ) in 2001 for about $ 1 million , and has since spent several times that amount in rebuilding the house and gardens .
He used many imported materials , including Italian tiles , and added Viking stoves , an 18th century French tapestry , a well - stocked wine cellar and a huge 1922 Persian rug .
The terraces stretch across 160 or 170 feet of sea front , where he keeps a 135 horsepower boat parked in front .
“ Every bathroom is like a piece of art , ” he said while showing off his master bathroom with his wife Denise .
“ Women go wild when they walk in here . ”
The room had an oversize wall - to - wall mirror , Jacuzzi , large glass - enclosed shower and plenty of natural light .
The Brooklyn - born Benmosche goes for a four - mile ( 6 kilometer ) walk every day , frequently checks mail and stock prices on the Internet , and gets an in - house massage several times a week .
He rents rooms in the villa when he is not there -- 400 euros ( $ 568 ) a night is the going rate .
He also hopes that his purchase of vineyards -- including in the well - regarded Dingac region , and another area where he has reintroduced once indigenous Zinfandel grapes -- will eventually yield good income for his family .
“ My children worry about how do they reach my level , ” he said in a wide - ranging conversation over three hours .
“ I suspect my son has a better chance because he is in real estate .
My daughter is going to be a rabbi , so as a rabbi I do n’t think she will ever make the kind of money CEOs make .
But they were worried about how do they afford this . ”
“ So everything I ’m doing , whether it is in New York or here , you will see , provides income .
I want to make sure the estate I leave behind not only provides value but is a viable business . ”
As much as he was looking forward to retiring to Croatia for a large part of every year , he said the economic crisis requires executives with experience to return to action .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ Some of us need to come out of retirement -- who have done this before -- to help deal with the crisis , ” Benmosche said .
“ If I sit here , I just felt that there are going to be continuing problems .
I felt I had some of the skills necessary to fix the problems of AIG in particular and it made sense to come back . ”
“ I do know that if AIG fails , it is going to have devastating impact on the U.S. and other countries as well .
They operate in over 100 countries , ” he continued .
“ My sense is it has got to be fixed or it will affect me or other people around me because sooner or later what happens here will trickle down to all other businesses including MetLife . ”
Benmosche still owns about 500,000 MetLife shares , and options to buy another 2.1 million shares , and continues to receive retirement payments from his former company .
MILLIONS , BUT ON ‘LOW END ’
The new AIG CEO is being paid more than his predecessor , Ed Liddy , who made just $ 1 a year .
AIG said it will pay Benmosche $ 3 million in cash and $ 4 million in fully - vested stock .
He also could receive a bonus valued as high as $ 3.5 million .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ It ’s the bottom end of a competitive range , ” he said , adding that he earned more previously and would be judged ultimately on his performance .
“ You still need to pay people competitively . ”
Benmosche said he sees staying in the AIG job for two to three years .
His predecessor left after 11 months .
Although very relaxed at his vacation home , Benmosche said he could be very tough on the job .
“ I believe in people more than anything but I also believe in performance , ” he said .
“ You also hear me referred to as the bull in the china shop .
And I can be , I can break things .
But what is important is that when I show up , I get everybody ’s attention .
And at the end of the day none of us are entitled to anything .
It is what we earn . ”
He showed one flash of wrath on a sunny summer day when he discussed the bitter public criticism of AIG over the past year .
“ We have the ability .
I know that I am telling people we are allowed to , ” he said .
“ What I do n’t know is if people ( employees ) are willing to .
A lot of them feel hurt , embarrassed , a lot of people have lived in fear because of what I call lynch mobs with pitchforks . ”
Benmosche was referring to severe criticism of the bonuses paid to some AIG staff at the financial products unit at the center of its meltdown .
The verbal assaults by politicians and in the media led to several demonstrations , including a bus tour of employee homes near the unit ’s Wilton , Connecticut headquarters , and threats to others .
“ People think it is funny but it is not when it is your children , ” he continued , his voice rising in anger .
“ It is not when you come home and you find people in front of your home and you had to sneak your children out in the middle of the night so that they are not attacked in a country called America . ”
“ It was wrong .
I think that when you do that , when you incite that kind of feeling in people , it makes it difficult to come to work the next day and say ‘ I ’m going to work hard . ’ ”
“ It was a horrible period of time and I am hopeful that it is over . ”
A year from now , Benmosche said he hopes to wow people with AIG ’s performance .
“ I think we will be clear as to what the vision is , what the reality of that vision is .
We ’ll have a better sense of what our strategic companies will be worth , and what the marketplace will be worth , and people will say , wow , AIG is performing well , ” he said .
Rank Movies
to create your lists of the best movies of all time - or sorted by year , decade , genre , actors , directors , most debated , or any custom combination you can dream up
Discover
how many movies you ’ve seen , which are the best films you have n’t seen , and all kinds of incredible statistics about you and your friends ’ favorite movies and lists
Discuss & Debate
the toughest , craziest , funniest , easiest , and most ironic matchups , and find like - minded movie fans who share your tastes in film as you rank the days away
Despite mounting threats to his clinic -- and potentially his life -- by extremists with links to the murderer of Kansas Dr. George Tiller , the DOJ has removed federal marshals that were protecting Nebraska Dr. Leroy Carhart .
Despite mounting threats to the clinic–and potentially to the life –of Nebraska Dr. Leroy Carhart , the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) has removed the federal marshals earlier charged with protecting him .
Dr. Carhart lost his federal marshal protection two weeks ago ,
much to the alarm of pro-choice leaders , leaving him vulnerable at a
time when anti-choice violence has been escalating across the country ,
and when Carhart himself has been openly targeted by groups such as
Operation Rescue , which is calling for protests at his clinic later this month .
In addition , members of the Army of God , an organization that promotes
the use of violence against providers of abortion care , and glorifies
those who commit acts of murder , are also targetting Dr. Carhart .
Women ’s rights and health groups are now working strenuously to ensure that the DOJ restores protection by federal marshals for Dr. Carhart and to urge the DOJ and the FBI to investigate Tiller ’s murder and other strategies used by these groups as part of a pattern of domestic terrorism .
Officials at the Department of Justice could not be reached for comment this weekend .
Rewire will be following up with them on Monday , August 10th .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Dr. Carhart is a medical doctor who provides , among other services ,
late abortion care to women whose lives and health are endangered by
their pregnancies , or whose fetuses have been determined to have
catastrophic anomalies incompatible with life .
He was a colleague of
Dr. Tiller ’s , who was assassinated by violent anti-choice activist Scott Roeder in the lobby of his church on May
31st , 2009 .
In the days before Tiller ’s murder , Roeder was in touch with an Operation Rescue staffer , Cheryl Sullenger , Operation Rescue Senior Policy Advisor , whose number was found in his car , and who provided him
with information on the whereabouts of Dr. Tiller on various occasions .
The Army of God called Roeder an
" American Hero , " stating George Tiller " reaped what he sowed and is now
in eternal hell . "
The Army of God website lauds other such " heroes " as Paul Hill ( who
killed reproductive health physician Dr. John Britton and his volunteer escort in Florida in 1994 , and who was executed by lethal
injection in 2003 ) , and Eric Rudolph , who attributed his attacks on women ’s clinics in Georgia and
Alabama in 1997 and 1998 , and on an Atlanta nightclub in 1997 serving a lesbian clientele to " the legalization of abortion and ‘ aberrant sexual behavior . ’ "
Rudolph , who claimed the bombings in the name of the Army of God , has said he feels " no regret or remorse " for the killing of one person and the wounding of at least 11 others .
Feminist Majority Foundation has documented these and other terrorist attacks against providers in a comprehensive document .
Alarm at Lack of Protection and Lack of Action by Gov’t Agencies
Reproductive health groups are " deeply alarmed " by the removal of U.S. Marshals from Dr. Carhart and several other providers across
the country over the past several weeks , especially so soon after the murder of Dr. Tiller and
during a time when violence against medical professionals and staffs of women ’s health clinics is on the rise .
" We are working to restore marshal protection to Dr. Carhart right away , " according to Kathy Spillar ,
Executive Vice President of the Feminist Majority Foundation ( FMF ) .
Indeed , shortly after being arrested , Roeder himself told the AP that he anticipated further violence :
" I know there are many other similar events planned around the country
as long as abortion remains legal , " Roeder said .
When asked by the AP
what he meant and if he was referring to another shooting , he refused
to elaborate further
A number of groups , including FMF , the National Organization for
Women ( NOW ) , and the National Abortion Federation ( NAF ) , are also deeply concerned that the DOJ and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) have previously failed to take a comprehensive approach to investigating crimes like that committed by Roeder and others as part of a pattern of domestic terrorism .
They are urging the FBI and the DOJ to broaden their investigations into the networks of extremist individuals and groups that
may have been involved in the murder and other acts of violence against
providers of abortion care .
" Make no mistake , these are domestic terrorists , " says Spillar .
" And we feel the DOJ and the FBI must treat
them as such .
The extremists ’ activities go well beyond the actions of the lone individual and
can be linked to networks that show a clear pattern of illegal activity
leading to violence , murders , and deadly bombings , all of which is tied
to a political agenda .
They have manuals , manifestos , and monikers similar to those used by terrorist groups .
And they have been linked to shootings , murders and deadly bombings .
If this is not the definition of ‘ terrorist network , ’ I do n’t know what is . "
Both violent rhetoric and violent threats are increasing .
For example , in her article for Rewire , Come Together to Prevent My Murder , Jen Boulanger , Executive Director of the Allentown Women ’s Clinic , wrote :
while the news crews that covered the Tiller murder have now packed up
and moved on , aggressive protesting in the weeks since the murder of
Dr. Tiller has escalated .
My abortion provider colleagues from across
the country have noticed this alarming trend .
Since Dr. Tiller’s
murder , the threats and violent rhetoric have gotten much worse .
On the
day of Dr. Tiller ’s funeral , one of our volunteers was asked , “ How do
you prefer to die , by knife or by bullet ? ”
A week later , a protester
told me , “ Abortionists were executed after World War II by the
Nuremburg Trials ” and posed this rhetorical question , “ You know what
Von Brunn did at the Holocaust Museum ? ”
This protester ’s son , who has
picketed the clinic since he was a small child ( he is now in his early
twenties ) , has made a point of mentioning ammonium nitrate , which is
used in making bombs , to us while protesting on several occasions .
Carhart Targeted by Anti-Choice Radicals
The withdrawal of federal marshal protection from Dr. Carhart is
particularly perplexing in light of the direct targeting of Carhart by
Operation Rescue ( OR ) , which is calling for protests outside
Dr. Carhart ’s Nebraska clinic at the end of
August .
Carhart , one of a relatively small number of physicians who
provide late abortions , recently stated plans to open another clinic in Wichita , Kansas to provide services no longer available to women due to the
murder of Dr. Tiller , whose clinic was subsequently closed by his
family .
" Operation Rescue is launching a campaign to keep the Wichita clinic
closed , and to close down Dr. Carhart ’s clinic in Nebraska , " said Marla
Patrick of Kansas NOW .
The OR campaign includes several strategies , not all of which have been made fully public .
The most " benign " part of OR ’s strategy is based on re-hashing old
lawsuits brought against Drs. Tiller and Carhart by anti-choice groups ,
each of resulted in both physicians being found innocent of any
wrongdoing .
An OR press release states :
Last month … three pro-life groups sent a letter
along with a documentation packet to Nebraska Attorney General Jon
Buning asking for a comprehensive investigation in to Carhart ’s
abortion business .
" This is the same tactic of legal harassment used against Tiller , " said
Spillar , " to tie Carhart up in court / administrative hearings , costing
substantial amounts of money and time for him and his staff .
And if
the AG is anything like [ former Kansas Attorney General Phil ]
Kline–a zealot with a substantial state budget to engage in the
harassment–it will be even worse . "
Spillar continues :
The OR leadership is quite adept at this harassment –
even filing administrative complaints against Tiller on the same issues
within days after he was aquitted in a court of law .
The two grand
juries OR worked to convene through citizen petition to investigate Dr. Tiller cost substantial
state funds and again were concluded with no findings of wrong doing .
So the OR strategy is persistence … but with no basis for legal
actions .
" Again , " states Spillar , " this is a pattern . "
Operation Rescue is also planning an " invitation - only " training session
for anti-choice advocates interested in blockading Dr. Carhart’s
clinic and has called on anti-choice advocates around the country to
converge on the Nebraska clinic at the end of August .
" This is the first of two ambitious projects to be launched by
Operation Rescue this month , " states the OR website .
" The second
project promises to be the most
ambitious endeavor ever embarked upon by Operation Rescue . "
According to Troy Newman , President of Operation Rescue :
We have vast experience gained over years of legally and peacefully
closing abortion clinics around the nation and will be putting that
experience into practice in new and creative ways in the coming weeks
and months .
" I read this language as being ominous , " said Patrick of Kansas Now .
She continues :
It is clear they are planning some serious antics .
And given how close these people are to Roeder , I am deeply concerned
that neither local nor federal law enforcement officials appear to be
doing what they need to do .
Existing Laws Not Well Enforced
The " legality " of OR ’s efforts is questionable at best .
There are both federal and local laws on the books that make it illegal to interfere with or block access to clinics or to engage in any form of threat , harassment , or violence against clinic workers or clients .
Yet , pro-choice leaders at the state and national level underscore that these laws are constantly breached and according to many , are weakly enforced , if at all .
We have publicly made it very clear we do n’t think they are doing enough at the local or federal level , " stated Kansas NOW ’s Patrick .
" It is not a matter of passing new laws .
We have the laws we need .
We just need to use them .
Law enforcement needs to use them . "
" We have let these people boldly harass doctors and clinics unchallenged for so long , it appears that police have gotten use to it , " said Patrick .
" But they have to use the tools we already have to put a stop to it . "
In her article for Rewire on this issue , Lindsay Beyerstein wrote that " The Justice
Department announced on June 5 that it was investigating whether
Tiller ’s shooting violated any federal laws , including the Free Access
to Clinic Entrances Act ( FACE ) ,
a bill signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1994 that makes it
a federal crime to harm or threaten an abortion provider , vandalize a
facility that provides abortions , or obstruct access to a reproductive
health clinic . "
But according to some civil libertarians , some of these efforts are too little too late ; they argue that more effective implementation of existing laws could have saved Dr. Tiller ’s life .
Before FACE , blockading a clinic was a minor offense under local laws , but FACE made interference with clinics or providers punishable by up to a year in jail for a first offense .
Beyerstein writes :
In the week before the shooting of Dr. Tiller , Roeder attempted to
obstruct access to a clinic by gluing its locks .
Clinic vandalism is
also illegal and considered a federal crime under FACE .
The manager of
a Kansas City abortion clinic told Amy Goodman of Democracy Now !
that he called the FBI a week before the shooting to report that Roeder
had been caught on tape vandalizing the clinic .
According to the
manager , an FBI agent did n’t act , saying that the video was probably
too blurry to get a conviction and that the manger had contaminated the
DNA evidence by touching the lock .
The manager said he went out and
bought a brand new color video camera .
The day before the shooting he
called the FBI again to say that a nurse had caught Roeder in the act ,
even copying down his license plate number : 225 BAB .
The FBI still did n’t act .
The next day , Roeder drove to the Reformation Lutheran Church and shot George Tiller in the face .
Now , as OR and other such groups gear up for what they claim will be dramatic actions aimed at Dr. Carhart ’s clinic , state and national reproductive health and rights groups are calling on law enforcement officials to be proactive , and on advocates from across the country to help out at Carhart ’s clinic in August .
" We are calling on pro-choice advocates to join us in providing peaceful clinic defense , " said Patrick .
" But we also want them there as witnesses , as legal observers , to make sure that if laws are broken , this is documented , that local and federal law enforcement is made aware of what is going on , that they do their jobs , and that the word gets out because people need to understand this is domestic terrorism .
We want the world to see what is going on here . "
Spillar agrees : " Law enforcement must be very proactive in ensuring
that demonstrators are not blocking clinics or stalking clinic workers ,
not interfering with their work or women ’s access to care , and
certainly not promoting or engaging in violence . "
" We are putting the word out , " continued Patrick , " to neighboring state partners in Iowa , Missouri and Nebraska and also to women and men in the pro-choice community across the country , on Facebook , Twitter , and through other means . "
A Facebook page can be found here and Kansan NOW ’s website can be found here .
" After 8 long years in which violence plummeted because Bush was in the White House and anti-choice forces felt they had a friend in government , the political landscape has changed and the extreme wing of the anti-choice community has gone back into action . "
" At the same time , " Spillar continues , " the Department of Justice and the FBI did not have to do as much on this front and so lost momentum .
It was not a priority .
Now it has to be . "
" This effort is organized , it is orchestrated , it is a pattern , and it is escalating , " said Spillar , " and both the Administration and the relevant agencies need to do more and to pay attention …. right now .
Unless these extremists are brought to justice we are just waiting for another doctor to be murdered . "
Marijuana activist Marc Emery swears imprisonment in the U.S. wo n’t put out the fire in him .
In a phone conversation today ( August 18 ) , following his talk last evening at the Vancouver Public Library ’s central branch as part of his cross-country farewell tour , Emery told the Straight that he will continue to run the B.C. Marijuana Party from jail .
Vancouver ’s so - called Prince of Pot is also hoping to get some of his work published and even run in a Canadian election while doing time in a U.S. federal prison .
Emery has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice to plead guilty to the charge of conspiracy to manufacture marijuana .
He previously operated a Vancouver - based mail - order business that sold marijuana seeds .
His shop was raided by Canadian police and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration in 2005 , and he was arrested and charged by American authorities for selling marijuana seeds over the Internet .
Emery ’s camp has noted that the cannabis activist paid $ 600,000 in income tax over the years he was in business .
Emery chose to go with a plea agreement rather than continue to fight extradition to the U.S. and face the prospect of a 30 - year prison term .
He will turn himself in at the border next month , and is expected to be sentenced to five years in jail by U.S. District Court judge Ricardo Martinez on September 21 in Seattle .
Rallies around the world are being organized for September 19 .
Emery said he hopes that he will be transferred to Canada , where he could be out on day parole after 10 months in prison .
Day parole would see him out working during the day but back in a halfway house by evening .
Once in Canada , Emery could also get full parole after 20 months .
“ Normally transfers are automatic for any Canadian prisoner in the United States , ” Emery said .
“ We have treaty transfers .
They get transferred automatically normally .
But the Conservatives have stopped transferring marijuana prisoners back .
So it requires some degree of lobbying now to get transferred back . ”
Astronaut Safety Gets Max Attention
NASA 's next generation of spacecraft will have the safest - ever astronaut escape system , a modern - day version of the reliable Apollo system .
Like Apollo , the Orion launch abort system will swiftly propel the crew capsule away from the nose of the Ares I rocket and out of harm 's way in case of an emergency on the launch pad or during ascent to orbit .
Also -- as was the practice at times during development of key Apollo elements -- while NASA engineers are working on the Orion launch abort system , another NASA team is investigating an alternate launch abort concept .
The alternate system , called Max Launch Abort System , or MLAS , was successfully tested in a simulated pad abort test at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility , Wallops Island , Va. , July 8.MLAS was named after Maxime ( Max ) Faget , a Mercury - era pioneer .
Faget was the designer of the Project Mercury capsule and holder of the patent for the " Aerial Capsule Emergency Separation Device , " which is commonly known as the escape tower .
The unpiloted test was part of an assessment by the NASA Engineering and Safety Center ( NESC ) of a potential alternate launch abort system concept which could be used for future piloted spacecraft .
The prototype , used in the test to evaluate means to safely propel a spacecraft and its crew from an errant rocket , represents a departure from the tower launch abort system used during Apollo launches and retained for the Constellation Program .
A primary objective of the MLAS test is to provide the NASA workforce with additional direct implementation experience in flight testing a spacecraft concept useful in the Agency 's future efforts to design , optimize and test spacecraft .
The bullet - shaped MLAS concept will not replace the Orion abort system .
NASA 's Constellation Program has three years toward designing the Orion crew exploration vehicle and the Ares launch vehicles that will return humans to the moon to live and work .
The spacecraft designs are based on the technical principles established during the Apollo and Space Shuttle programs - yet incorporates the latest technology to expand the spacecraft 's operational flexibility .
The Orion launch abort system offers a proven method of pulling the crew out of danger in the event of an emergency on the launch pad or during the climb to Earth orbit .
MLAS is of potential interest because it is theorized to have aerodynamic performance benefits , weight savings and be relatively simple in some spacecraft applications .
Much of the potential gains would be accomplished by eliminating the launch abort tower , which also means eliminating the attitude control motors .
The MLAS demonstration vehicle consists of a full - scale composite fairing , a full - scale crew module simulator and four solid rocket abort motors mounted in the boost skirt with motor mass simulators in the forward fairing .
Test items of interest began at the seven second mark with burnout of the solid motors .
The test is primarily a demonstration of unpowered flight along a stable trajectory , MLAS vehicle reorientation and stabilization , followed by crew module simulator separation from the MLAS fairing , stabilization and the parachute recovery of the crew module simulator .
Data from the MLAS pad abort test has the potential to help the Orion Project in several ways .
MLAS is the first demonstration of a passively - stabilized launch abort system on a vehicle in this size and weight class .
It is the first attempt to acquire full - scale aero-acoustic data -- the measurement of potentially harmful noise levels due to the capsule moving through the air at high speeds -- from a faired capsule in flight .
It also is the first to demonstrate full scale fairing and crew module separation and collect associated aerodynamic and orientation data .
In addition , data from the parachute element will help validate simulation tools and techniques for Orion 's parachute system development .
The NESC , located at NASA 's Langley Research Center , Hampton , Va. , is an independently funded NASA program that draws on technical experts from across all NASA centers to provide objective engineering and safety assessments of critical , high risk projects .
NESC partners in the MLAS effort include Northrop Grumman Corporation .
The company developed and produced the MLAS composite fairing , fins , drag plates , and motor cage structure .
Company personnel based in Wallops Island , Va. , performed the structures and mechanism assembly as well as providing vehicle integration and flight test support .
Northrop Grumman 's subcontractor , Ensign Bickford Aerospace and Defense , Simsbury , Conn. , provided pyrotechnic separation system mechanisms .
Jacobs Technology , Tullahoma , Tenn. , and partner Airborne Systems , Santa Ana , Calif. , provided landing systems design and support .
Wallops contractors who supported the demonstration include Hawk Institute for Space Sciences , Computer Sciences Corporation , VT Griffin and Honeywell Technical Solutions , Inc . The NASA Sounding Rocket Operations Contract ( NSROC ) based at Wallops also provided support .
Each of the NASA Centers participated in the Agency - wide MLAS effort by providing engineers and technicians , analysts , designers , mission assurance specialists and / or use of their test facilities .
For images and video of the test firing , visit :
www.nasa.gov/centers/wallops/missions/mlas.html
For more information about NASA 's Constellation Program , visit :
www.nasa.gov/constellation
" " Swing and a miss Donald Miralle / Getty Images
Baseball is a game played with a bat , ball and glove .
The fundamentals of the game involve throwing the ball , hitting the ball , and catching the ball .
Of course , the execution of these three tasks is more challenging than it sounds , and it is that challenge that compels baseball players to play the game .
In this article , we will explain the complex game of baseball , review some of the basic rules and the equipment used and lay out the geography of a baseball field .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Baseball Basics
Unlike most games , a running clock does not limit the length of a baseball game .
The two competing teams play over a period of innings , which are subdivided into halves .
Professional and college games are generally nine innings long .
­ During the first half of each inning , the visiting team bats and attempts to score points , called runs , while the home team players take their respective defensive positions in the field .
The defense 's goal is to get the offensive team 's players " out " in a variety of ways .
After three outs are recorded , the teams switch -- the offensive team moves to defense , and the defensive team moves to offense .
The batting team sends one player at a time to try and hit the ball .
The engine of the sport is composed of two players -- the pitcher and the batter .
All of the action in a baseball game revolves around these two combatants .
The pitcher stands on a raised mound of dirt , called the pitcher 's mound , which is 60 feet 6 inches ( 18.4 meters ) from home plate in Major League Baseball .
The batter stands on either side of the home base , called " the plate , " holding a bat and facing the pitcher .
To set the game in motion , the pitcher attempts to throw the ball past the batter into the catcher 's glove or make the batter hit the ball to put it in play .
As the ball is put in play , the eight fielders try to catch it or throw out the batter ( more on this later ) so he can't get on base and ultimately score a point ( a run ) .
The batter 's goal is to put the ball in play so that the eight fielders can't catch the ball or throw it to another fielder to record an out .
" " The pitcher and the batter are at the center of the action .
Now that you have a basic understanding of how the game works , let 's take a deeper look into the game of baseball , starting with the basic equipment .
According to the entry for me at Wikipedia , which I hope is reliable , I am a libertarian anarchist .
Why would any person who fits that description work for the government at all , not to speak of working without pay ?
Well , my story is straightforward .
Some time ago I received in the mail from the U.S. Census Bureau a form to be filled out , to wit , the 2007 Survey of Business Owners and Self - Employed Persons questionnaire .
I naturally threw it in the trash .
A few weeks later , I received another questionnaire whose cover letter read in part as follows :
We have not received your response to the 2007 Survey of Business Owners and Self - Employed Persons ( SBO ) questionnaire , Form SBO - 1 , which was mailed to you several weeks ago .
These data are essential to business and government decision making .
We need information about your business to provide reliable data for your industry and geographic area .
We remind you again that your response to this survey is mandatory under Title 13 of the United States Code .
Applicable provisions of the law are shown on the back of this letter .
I hastened to read the back of the letter , where I found the following :
Mandatory Provisions of Law Pertaining to Economic Censuses — Section 224 as amended by Section 3571 of Title 18 United States Code .
Whoever , being the owner , official , agent , person in charge , or assistant to the person in charge , of any company , business , institution , establishment , religious body , or organization of any nature whatsoever , neglects or refuses , when requested by the Secretary or other authorized officer or employee of the Department of Commerce or bureau or agency thereof , to answer completely and correctly to the best of his knowledge all questions relating to his company , business , institution , establishment , religious body , or other orgnization , or to records or statistics in his official custody , contained on any census or other schedule , or questionnaire prepared and submitted to him under the authority of this title , shall be fined not more than $ 5,000 ; and if he willfully gives a false answer to any such questions , he shall be fined not more than $ 10,000 .
I thought about throwing the second form in the trash , as I had thrown the first one .
Then I thought about telling the U.S. Bureau of the Census to go to hell .
Then I thought about the large , threatened fines , and I filled out the form .
I spent about 15 minutes doing so .
My rate of pay for having done so works out to exactly zero dollars per hour , which is somewhat less than I usually charge for my services .
Well , big deal , you may be thinking .
But I invite you to pause and consider afresh what this little episode in my life illustrates .
First , so far as I can tell from reading the U.S. Constitution , the government has no Constitutional authority to demand that I answer these questions about my business .
Perhaps , if I am mistaken , someone can direct me to the relevant clause of the document .
Second , the government ’s stated rationale for collecting the information is lame .
No great purpose is to be served .
On a FAQ sheet included with the questionnaire , one finds a section headed “ Why does the government take this survey ? ”
But this section ’s text merely states that the Census Bureau is required by law to take the survey every five years and describes the variables that are surveyed and the way in which these data will be combined with other data the government collects .
The section does not give a substantive reason for collecting the data in the first place , seemingly assuming that if a certain kind of information might be of interest to the government or someone else , that interest suffices to justify the information ’s forced collection at the expense of those who possess the information .
Another section of the FAQ sheet tells us “ Who uses the survey data . ”
Users are said to include the Small Business Administration , local government commissions , government agencies at all levels , “ a national women - owned business trade association ” not identified by name , consultants and researchers , and individual businesses .
In truth , however , information about my business is in all cases , literally as well as figuratively , none of their business .
If these people want information about my business , why ca n’t they make me an offer for it ?
After all , it ’s my property .
Well , as Al Capone is supposed to have said , you can get a lot more done with a kind word and a gun , than with a kind word alone .
And everything the government gets done — including its extraction from me of information about my business — it gets done by threatening people with violence .
Oh , Higgs , you might be saying , you ’re just overwrought and hyperventilating .
But am I really ?
Suppose that I had very strong feelings about the privacy of my personal affairs , so I simply refused to provide the information requested .
Eventually , subject to the vagaries of the government ’s escalating enforcement actions , I might be issued a summons , which of course , I , having the strong feelings that I have about the matter , would ignore .
Hence , in due course , police officers would be sent to arrest me for having ignored the summons .
And I , having the strong feelings that I have about the matter , would naturally resist the arrest .
Wherupon the police officers might shoot me dead if they felt inclined to do so , rather than simply beating me savagely and hauling my broken body off to jail .
And for what would the police have battered or killed me in this case ?
Precisely for having refused to fill out a bullshit form to provide information about my business that no one had a just right to demand of me in the first place .
Obviously there ’s no real justice at work here , but where ’s the logic in the use of such brutally dispropotionate sanctions in response to such a petty act of noncompliance ?
The logic — the same logic that leads the government to attach similar criminal sanctions to a indefinitely great number of petty infractions of its idiotic rules — is that the government wants you and me to obey its dictates slavishly regardless of their importance .
It seeks not simple compliance where compliance might be required to accomplish an important public purpose .
Instead it seeks immediate , unquestioning , universal compliance — including compliance with dictates so trivial that they ought never to have been the subject of government action in the first place — in order to put us in our place .
And that place is with our faces constantly under the government ’s boot .
We live in a police state , a tyranny of genuinely grotesque dimensions , but because it has developed gradually over more than a century , we have gradually grown accustomed to its outrages and to its moronic and insulting requirements , each accompanied by criminal sanctions that amount to death threats , should we continue to resist .
It is not a pleasant feeling to live immersed in a sea of death threats , surrounded by a variety of armed government thugs prepared to dish out beatings , tasings , and death whenever anyone , for whatever reason , resists the government ’s orders .
That we Americans have resigned ourselves to living in such an environment and , in many cases , continue to refer to this police state as a free country speaks volumes about our ability to follow Winston Smith ’s example , in George Orwell ’s Nineteen Eighty - Four , of loving Big Brother .
Greetings Readers !
With the exception of last night , I have watched the new Tonight Show with Conan O’Brien just to give him a chance as I never really watched him before as I am a Criag Furgeson fan who airs his show at the same time as Conan .
I noticed there was something oddly familiar with Conan ’s new backdrop but I could n’t quite put my finger on it .
It seems that the guys over at Serious Lunch were able to figure out why it seemed so familiar .
While it could be a coincidence , it appears the backdrop was ripped from Mario !
Check out the images below to see for yourself and tell me what you think in the comments .
I guess video games can show up anywhere !
Check out the latest Global Geek News Podcast !
Our Gizmodo ' 79 celebration may have ended last week , but there 's room for a final post , written by famed retiree and mosquito wrangler Bill Gates .
It 's no joke : Gates read the series then sent this in :
Advertisement
I read those 1979 stories all last week , and it put me in a nostalgic mood , so wanted to offer my own memory to add to the collection .
In 1979 , Microsoft had 13 employees , most of whom appear in that famous picture that provides indisputable proof that your average computer geek from the late 1970s was not exactly on the cutting edge of fashion .
We started the year by moving from Albuquerque back to Bellevue , just across the lake from Seattle .
By the end of the year we 'd doubled in size to 28 employees .
Even though we were doing pretty well , I was still kind of terrified by the rapid pace of hiring and worried that the bottom could fall out at any time .
Advertisement
What made me feel a little more confident was that 1979 was the year we began to sense that BASIC was right on the verge of becoming the standard language for microcomputers .
We knew this could be the catalyst that would unlock the potential of the PC to democratize computing and create the right conditions for an explosion in programs and applications that would lead to really rapid growth of the PC market .
By the middle of 1979 , BASIC was running on more than 200,000 Z - 80 and 8080 machines and we were just releasing a new version for the 8086 16 - bit microprocessor .
As the numbers grew , we were starting to think beyond programming languages , too , and about the possibility of creating applications that would have real mass appeal to consumers .
That led to the creation of the Consumer Products Division in 1979 .
One of our first consumer products was called Microsoft Adventure , which was a home version of the first mainframe adventure game .
It did n't have all the bells and whistles of , say , Halo , but it was pretty interesting for its time .
Advertisement
Back in the 1970s , there was a publication called the International Computer Programs Directory that handed out what was known as the ICP Million Dollar Award for applications that had more than $ 1 million in annual sales .
In the late 1970s the list included more than 100 different products , but they were all for mainframes .
In April , the 8080 version of BASIC became the first software product built to run on microprocessors to win an ICP Million Dollar Award .
That was a pretty good sign that a significant shift was underway .
Today , I would be surprised if the number of million - dollar applications is n't in the millions itself , and they range from apps and games created by a single developer working at home that you can download to your cell phone to massive solutions built by huge development teams that run the operations of huge corporations .
Advertisement
More important , of course , is the fact that more than a billion people around the world use computers and digital technology as an integral part of their day - to - day lives .
That 's something that really started to take shape in 1979 .
Click to viewThanks for the memories , Bill — please keep us posted on that new beer keg of yours !
Advertisement
Microsoft Adventure shot found on YOIS
SAPPORO , Japan --
All players and staff of the Nippon Ham Fighters baseball team will be tested for swine flu after two players and a coach contracted the virus , the Japanese Pacific League team said Wednesday .
Former major league outfielder Terrmel Sledge , pitcher Naoki Miyanishi and head coach Junichi Fukura were confirmed to have contracted the virus when 27 people were tested Tuesday .
Wednesday 's game in Asahikawa has been called off because of rain , so affected players will remain in the team 's hotel as a precaution .
The Quakers have put themselves on a collision course with both the Government and fellow Christians by becoming the first mainstream religious organisation in the country to approve gay marriages .
At a meeting in York yesterday the denomination , which is also known as the Religious Society of Friends , voted to extend their marriage ceremony to same - sex couples and called on the Government to change the law on gay marriage .
British law allows same - sex couples to conduct civil partnerships , which in effect gives them all the rights of a married couple .
But the law stops short of labelling the ceremony a marriage to avoid offending religious groups , who believe a marriage can only be conducted between a man and a woman .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The move is significant because , like rabbis and Church of England priests , Quaker registrars are allowed to marry people on behalf of the state .
The Religious Society of Friends had long taken a tolerant stand towards homosexuality , unlike many orthodox Christians who believe homosexuality is a sin .
The issue of gay marriages has almost torn the Anglican Communion apart , with the socially liberal and conservative wings of the Church bitterly divided over the issue .
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has extended his sympathies to the family of the New Zealander killed when bombs went off at two luxury hotels in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta today .
Are you in Jakarta ?
Click here to send us your stories , pictures and videos
Supplied CAPTION : A view of one of the bombings from a nearby office block .
New Zealander Tim Mackay is one of nine people killed when bombs went off at the Ritz - Carlton and Marriott hotels in Jakarta .
Mr Mackay , 62 , had gone to the Marriott Hotel for a business meeting .
Thirteen other foreigners were among 50 injured in the blasts , the Associated Press reported .
Holcim TIM MACKAY : The New Zealander killed in one of the hotel blasts .
The facade was ripped off the Ritz in the powerful blasts .
A further unexploded bomb has since been found at the Marriott Hotel , Indonesian police said .
Mr Key , speaking at Napier airport , said : " Everything I have seen suggests that this is a deliberate attack designed to kill and wound innocent people . "
" While we are still receiving information from the embassy [ in Jakarta ] about what happened , I would like to convey my deepest sympathy to the family and friends of the New Zealander killed .
" I extend my deepest sympathy also to the people of Indonesia and all others who have been caught up in this terrible event . "
Mr Mackay , the president director of PT Holcim Indonesia , was the New Zealander killed , the company 's marketing director Patrick Walser told Reuters news agency .
President director since May 2004 , he is a Master Mariner and holds an MBA from Massey University .
He was formerly married , and has two grown children , TVNZ reported .
The New Zealand Embassy in Jakarta and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Wellington would only confirm that a New Zealander had died .
Holcim New Zealand released a statement this evening , referring to " unconfirmed reports " that Mr Mackay had been killed .
It said Mr Mackay worked for Holcim New Zealand in the early 1990s as shipping manager and as manager of Buller Port Services , based at Westport .
He was CEO of an associated company in Fiji before moving to work for Holcim internationally .
" We are aware that Tim has many colleagues within Holcim New Zealand and throughout Holcim globally who will be deeply saddened if these reports are correct , " said Holcim New Zealand acting CEO Glenda Harvey .
The New Zealand Embassy said it was working to find out about the well - being of all New Zealanders in Jakarta and was talking to local authorities and checking hospitals and hotels .
New Zealanders concerned about friends or family in Jakarta should call 04 439 8000 .
The ministry 's travel advice for Indonesia says there is a high risk to travellers ' security in the country .
It advises against all non-essential travel due to the continuing " high threat from terrorism " .
JEMAAH ISLAMIYAH BLAMED
No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks but suspicion has immediately fallen on al - Qaeda - linked Southeast Asian terror network Jemaah Islamiyah .
It had been more than three years since a major terrorist attack in Indonesia .
Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( DFAT ) is now warning that terrorists could be planning more attacks in Indonesia .
DFAT said it continued to receive credible information that terrorists could be planning further attacks in Indonesia , and Bali remained an attractive target .
Reports of a third bombing in a shopping complex in the north of Jakarta have been denied by police , who said it was a faulty car battery .
NZ EMBASSY 'EXTREMELY CONCERNED '
New Zealand Embassy staff in Jakarta have been dispatched on foot to hospitals , Ambassador Phillip Gibson said .
Mr Gibson said he was " extremely concerned " at the report a New Zealander was involved , and embassy staff were arriving at hospitals to try to verify it and offer assistance to any injured Kiwis .
Police from the embassy were close to the scene of the explosions working with local police and Australian colleagues , Mr Gibson said .
The embassy was also contacting the 281 New Zealanders registered with MFAT as being in Jakarta to tell them of the situation and remind them to take care in the meantime .
So far 50 are confirmed safe and well .
An MFAT spokeswoman said the ministry was working with the New Zealand consulate in Jakarta to find out more information .
WITNESSES
Lydia Ruddy , a witness who lives in the area , told Reuters she could see debris everywhere after the explosions .
Another witness , Myra Junor , who works at a nearby building , said : " Some windows of the Ritz - Carlton building have been shattered , mostly on the lower section .
I 'm looking at it from my office . "
She heard an explosion and saw smoke coming from the Marriott , followed five minutes later by another explosion at the Ritz - Carlton hotel , which is in the same area .
A man jogging by the hotels , Alex Asmasubrata , said he first heard the loud explosion from the Marriott , then the Ritz bomb .
He saw four bodies inside the Marriott .
KIWI WITNESSES
Jakarta - based New Zealand journalist Chris Holm , a former Stuff.co.nz editor , said from the scene that the bomb went off in the basement .
" I can see damage up to the first floor , windows have been shattered , the building has been affected , " Holm said .
There was no fire and no one was currently being evacuated .
" There are definitely Westerns injured , " he said .
Meanwhile , New Zealander Nigel Warden said his son Tom was working at the Ritz - Carlton , having just arrived yesterday to train bar staff for a week .
Mr Warden said Tom was coming down in the lift and was on the tenth floor when the explosion occurred .
He was unharmed in the blast .
" We are most relieved , " he said .
A New Zealand police spokeswoman said that a New Zealand officer was stationed in Jakarta but was unlikely to be called in to help with the investigation .
" He may be called on to assist by those local police but there 's no guarantee of that , " she said .
The post was created in 2002 as a counter - terror measure following the September 11 terror attacks in New York .
Officers are also stationed in Washington DC and London .
HOTEL BOMBED BEFORE
The Marriott hotel in Jakarta has been bombed before , with 12 people killed in a 2003 car - bomb attack .
Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , has a history of bloody terrorist attacks , including the Bali bombings of 2002 which claimed 202 lives including three New Zealanders and 88 Australians .
Eleven people were killed , including a suicide bomber , in a car bomb attack on Australia ’s embassy in Jakarta in 2004 .
Three years after the Bali bombings another terrorist attack at the tourist island claimed more than 20 lives .
- Stuff.co.nz , with AP , Reuters , with NZPA
Before the Nikes , before the breathable , antimicrobial running shorts , before the personal fitness coaches , heart rate monitors , wrist - mounted GPS and subscriptions to Runner ’s World , you were a runner .
And , like all children , you ran barefoot .
Now , a small but growing body of research suggests that barefoot is the way adults should run , too .
So , many runners have been shucking off the high - tech trainers in favor of naked feet — or minimalist footwear like Nike Free , the Newton All - Weather Trainer and the glove - like Vibram FiveFingers .
“ People have been running barefoot for millions of years and it has only been since 1972 that people have been wearing shoes with thick , synthetic heels , ” said Daniel Lieberman , a professor of human evolutionary biology at Harvard University .
Strong evidence shows that thickly cushioned running shoes have done nothing to prevent injury in the 30 - odd years since Nike founder Bill Bowerman invented them , researchers say .
Some smaller , earlier studies suggest that running in shoes may increase the risk of ankle sprains , plantar fasciitis and other injuries .
Runners who wear cheap running shoes have fewer injuries than those wearing expensive trainers .
Meanwhile , injuries plague 20 to 80 percent of regular runners every year .
But the jury ’s still out on whether going barefoot is actually an improvement .
“ The running shoe right now is doing nothing for preventing injuries , ” said Reed Ferber , director of the Running Injury Clinic at the University of Calgary ’s Faculty of Kinesiology .
But , he adds , going barefoot has downsides too , and the research so far is still inconclusive .
“ It ’s a total tradeoff . ”
Woman , man or a little bit of both ?
How deciding Caster Semenya 's gender is more complex than you might think
The family and friends of the teenager who struck gold in the women 's 800 metres at the World Athletics Championships but now faces sex tests hit out yesterday at claims she could be a man .
And South African Caster Semenya was also backed by her government , who called her the country 's ' golden girl ' and a role model for young athletes .
Caster , whose rapid improvement over the last year raised eyebrows , won the women 's title with a crushing performance in Berlin on Wednesday .
The governing body of world athletics , the IAAF , has asked South Africa to test their star 18 - year - old 's gender after her muscular physique and extraordinary performances sparked speculation over whether she is really female .
But her proud mother Dorcus Semenya declared : ' I know who and what my child is .
Caster is all girl , and no one can change that . '
Speaking from her home in the rural village of Seshego in South Africa 's Limpopo province , the mother - of - six added : ' If you ask any of my neighbours , they would tell you that Caster is a girl . '
Here we analyse just how difficult it is to determine gender
At first thought , it seems strange that the South African runner Caster Semenya needs to take a sex test to determine whether she is indeed a woman - or a man , as rumours suggest .
Track star Caster Semenya :
But is this teenage golden girl all that she seems ?
One would imagine that sex is something fairly clear - cut : that you are either one or the other .
It seems even stranger to discover that the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) says that the tests are ' extremely complex ' , and that the results will not be known for days , even weeks .
Again , this seems to run contrary to common sense .
Surely , one would think , determining one 's sex is as simple as removing one 's underwear and taking a look .
In fact , it can be rather more complicated than that .
It is not generally appreciated that gender in humans - and many other species , too - is not just a binary affair , a simple case of being male or female .
While the vast majority of people are clearly either a man or a woman , many others are somewhere between the two - often with tragic consequences .
Indeed , while people have been making jokes for decades about burly , allegedly female shot putters and javelin throwers , who turn out - after often humiliating and invasive ' investigations ' - really to be men , the fact is that such cases do not always involve intentional deception , and can result from true biological ambiguity .
Evelyn Sekgala , Caster Smenya 's cousin , has come to her defence and insists sh has always been female
Caster Semenya 's aunt Martina Lamola ( L ) and her siblings , Thabang ( 13 ) and Nkele Semenya ( R ) show off her certifcates and trophies in their village of Molejie
Caster Semenya 's family members and friends all insist she is a girl : from left , Paballo Choshi , 19 , ( cousin ) ; Nkele Semenya , 16 , younger sister ; Shirley Rammabi , neighbour and Martinah Lamola aunt from Masetlong village at Moletjie in Limpopo .
To understand how , and why , we need first to clear up some semantics .
The term ' sex ' is a biological one , with a strict biological meaning .
' Sex ' is a genetic marker , indicating the nature of the chromosomes in your body and what type of sex cells - eggs or sperm - you produce as an adult .
When it comes to sex , the vast majority of people are either ' male ' , in which case their cells contain a paired set of ' X ' and ' Y ' sex chromosomes , or ' female ' , in which case they have two ' X ' chromosomes .
So most people are , genetically , either ' XY ' ( male ) or ' XX ' ( female ) .
Normally , this means you will develop into either a biological male or a biological female .
Masculine : Questions have been raised about Semenya because of her muscular build and deep voice
Your chromosomes , for example , are ( largely ) responsible for whether you have testicles and a penis , or a uterus , ovaries and a vagina .
Unfortunately , it is n't always as simple as that .
Hormones circulating in the growing foetus , for example , can accentuate or retard the formation of certain sexual characteristics .
Too little testosterone , and male genitals , even in an XY foetus , may form incompletely , or even not be visible at all .
Meanwhile , too much testosterone in a genetically female ( XX ) foetus may lead to the ' masculinisation ' of the external genitalia .
This may lead to a penis - like organ in place of the female clitoris , or even , rarely , wholly - formed male sex organs .
Champion : Semenya has been given with her gold medal but it could be taken away if gender tests reveal she is a man - promoting Kenya 's Janeth Jepkosgei Busienei to gold and Britain 's Jenny Meadows to silver
Sexual ' dimorphism ' - differences in the bodies of males and females - normally continues to develop during childhood and puberty .
In ' normal ' males , testosterone causes bones and muscles to develop more strongly , the voicebox to expand , and facial hair to grow .
Girls , meanwhile , grow breasts , wider pelvises and start to accumulate more body fat than their brothers .
But again , there are vast differences between people - even those who are genetically ' normal ' .
Many men develop wide hips and high - pitched voices , while many biological females develop slim - hipped , muscular frames , powerful muscles and deep voices .
Humans vary a great deal .
It is , perhaps , unsurprising that the world of sport - in which speed , power and endurance are paramount - has produced a number of sexually ambiguous female competitors , as it is precisely these characteristics , related to muscle mass and strength , that are associated with the markers of male biology .
Complicated : Semenya will undergo complex gender tests as discovering the truth is not as easy as looking under her shorts
It is the case of ' intersexuality ' , however , that leads to the greatest degree of confusion and , often , prejudice .
As we have already seen , it is possible for a person to be genetically ' male ' or female ' and yet , for complex hormonal reasons , show only partial male or female bodily characteristics .
But there are several known abnormalities that can lead to specific sexual ambiguity .
So called ' XX male syndrome ' occurs in people who have two X chromosomes - one of which contains a significant amount of genetic material from a Y chromosome .
These people appear to be male , but are , in fact , genetically female .
Typically , they will possess male sex organs , but these will often be underdeveloped .
They will also often develop breasts and maintain a high - pitched speaking voice .
In fact , biologists now recognise a host of conditions , both genetic and otherwise , which are labelled under the umbrella term ' intersex ' - which replaces older terms such as ' hermaphrodite ' .
It is estimated that about one in 5,000 babies born falls into the Intersex category - although , because there are such strong taboos and prejudices concerning sex , gender and identity in most societies , the true number may be much higher .
Easy victory : Semenya was metres ahead of her competitors in the 800 m race
Intersex people may be genetically female , but physiologically male .
Some will be true hermaphrodites , producing both eggs and sperm .
Many will have been subjected to ' gender reassignment surgery ' after birth , sometimes successfully , often not .
I once went to a talk given by a group of doctors and biologists who were all themselves intersex , and some of the tales were both moving and harrowing .
There were stories of surgical castration and remodelling , with disastrous psychological consequences later in life .
Sex testing can be harrowing as well .
The Indian 800 metre runner Santhi Soundarajan , who was stripped of her silver medal and reported to have attempted suicide in the wake of her very public gender test ' failure ' at the 2006 Asian games , simply did not know that she had ' androgen insensitivity syndrome ' .
This means that despite having no visible male genitalia and a visibly female body , she does , in fact , have a ' male ' pair of XY chromosomes .
What this sorry affair teaches us is that sport , with its emphasis on precise measurements and defined quantities , is badly equipped to cope with something as vague and emotionally charged as human sexual differentiation .
In the world of athletics , you come first - or you lose .
But when it comes to being male or female , it really is possible to be something in between .
One can only hope that the ' experts ' at the IAAF take this into account before testing Ms Semenya and announcing their results to the world .
We 've been here before with Stella the high - speed fella
By GUY WALTERS
Stella the fella : Stella Walsh won a silver medal at the 1936 Olympics - but was later found to be a man
The victory of Caster Semenya in the women 's 800 metres final is not the first time an athlete of questionable gender has struck gold in Berlin 's Olympic Stadium .
During the 1936 Olympic Games , all three medal winners in the women 's 100 metres looked more butch than their male counterparts .
The winner was American Helen Stephens , whose features were so masculine and voice so deep that one British female athlete openly queried how she was even allowed into the women 's section of the Olympic village .
The silver medal was won by Stella Walsh , a Polish sprinter whose true gender was only discovered when he / she was gunned down in the crossfire of a bank robbery in Ohio in 1980 .
The autopsy revealed that her nickname of ' Stella the Fella ' was well deserved : she was found to have male genitalia .
Meanwhile , there was little doubt that one of the German competitors in the women's high jump had something hidden her shorts .
Dora Ratjen , whose real name was Hermann , was deliberately entered into the female event by the Nazis to ensure an unfair advantage that would bring glory to the Reich .
The ruse was suspected , even though he is said to have bound his genitals tightly to conceal them .
' I thought something was a bit funny , ' recalled one athlete , ' because she had a deep voice and snored in her sleep .
What 's more , she also had to shave her face . '
Unfortunately for the Nazis , Ratjen came only fourth , and retired from female athletics to pursue the more masculine career of running a pub .
Famously , it was the Eastern Bloc that would take ' gender - bending ' into new realms after the war .
Tamara and Irina Press , two sisters in the Soviet team of the 1960s , won five Olympic shot and discus medals between them , and set 26 new world records .
But as soon as the gender test was introduced , they disappeared from international competition .
Beefy : ' Dora ' Ratjen was a man deliberately disguised as a woman to fix the high jump in the Berlin Olympics , left , while shot putter Heidi Krieger was given drugs that turned her into a man
Likewise , the absurdly masculine appearance of East German female hammer throwers from the 1960s and the 1970s still raises laughs ; but those beefy looks hid tragic stories of young women whose bodies were pumped full of anabolic steroids in order to improve athletic performance , and thereby supposedly glorify Communism .
One of the most infamous examples was Heidi Krieger , an East German shot putter who was given so many drugs that she turned into a man , and is now called Andreas .
Usually , young women such as Krieger were told that the pills were nothing more than vitamins .
East German shot putter Birgit Boese recalled how the drugs were given to her from the age of 11 .
As a result , she has been left with a disarmingly male appearance - and no end of health problems .
' Once , a doctor told me : " Ms Boese , if you were a car and came in for inspection , I 'd write off the car and send it to the junkyard , " ' she said .
GUY WALTERS is the author of Berlin Games : How Hitler Stole The Olympic Dream .
Haraz N. Ghanbari/AP
President Obama sought to reassure older Americans on Tuesday that health reform would not disrupt their Medicare coverage or force them to change doctors .
The president said he wants to change the health care system so that every American can enjoy the health and financial security Medicare currently provides to people ages 65 and older .
Mr. Obama made the comments during a televised forum hosted by the AARP .
Exactly 44 years ago on Tuesday , the president pointed out , Congress passed the legislation creating Medicare .
To illustrate what he said were misunderstandings surrounding health reform , Mr. Obama quoted from a letter he received recently from an elderly woman : “ I do n’t want government - run health care , ” she wrote .
“ I do n’t want socialized medicine , and do n’t touch my Medicare . ”
One caller said that one fear she hears often among friends is that the government will start telling doctors what kind and how much health care seniors are allowed .
“ When I ’m 80 , will I still be able to get a hip replacement ? ” the woman asked .
The president replied that the federal government is not going to ration care by deciding which seniors should get hip replacements .
The government does want to learn more about what treatments and conditions work best and to use that information to guide doctors , he added .
Another caller referenced her 56 - year - old brother who wants to buy health insurance but cannot because he has pre-existing conditions .
She asked how health reform would help him .
The federal government would require insurance companies to provide coverage to all who want it , Mr. Obama said .
In addition , he said he wants to create health insurance exchange where people can compare and shop for coverage just like members of Congress .
Another caller asked about the costs of health reform and the costs of doing nothing .
The price tag of the current health reform bills , the president said , is about $ 1 trillion over the next ten years .
Doing nothing , he said , will result in uncontrolled cost increases and increasing numbers of people without health insurance .
AARP has posted video of the event here .
Late last year , OPEC countries agreed to limit oil production in a bid to raise fast - declining prices .
But the 11 - country group has a history of not sticking to its promises , and it appears OPEC has been quietly increasing its barrels as the price of oil is expected to climb .
As Platts notes :
The latest Platts survey of OPEC and oil industry officials and analysts shows that OPEC volumes have risen for the fourth consecutive month .
Total output , including that of Iraq , is estimated to have risen by 100,000 b/d to 28.57 million b/d in July from 28.47 million b/d in June .
Excluding Iraq , volumes from the 11 members bound by quotas edged up by 80,000 b/d to 26.12 million b/d in July from 26.04 million b/d in June , the survey shows .
That was confirmed by this U.S. Energy Information Administration in a statement today :
The combination of higher prices and OPEC 's historical tendency for weaker compliance with production targets over time suggests that OPEC crude oil production could rise over the remainder of the year , unless prices fall sharply from current levels .
Rising global oil inventories and increasing tanker activity would seem to indicate that this past trend is continuing .
As the EIA notes , that means big money : $ 555 billion this year and $ 667 billion in 2010 .
Here 's the graph :
OPEC is scheduled to meet in September to review market conditions and to consider its production policy .
It looks like we already know what they 're thinking .
During the Crash Course you will often encounter numbers that are expressed in trillions .
How much is a trillion ?
You know what ?
I ’m not really sure myself .
A trillion is a very , very big number , and I think it would be worth spending a couple of minutes trying to get our arms around the concept .
First , a numerical review .
A thousand is a one with three zeros after it .
A million is a thousand times bigger than that and it ’s a one with six zeros after it .
At this level I can really get my mind around the difference between these two numbers .
A million dollars in the bank is a very different concept from a thousand dollars in the bank .
I get that .
A billion then is a thousand times bigger than a million , and it ’s a one followed by 9 zeros .
And a trillion is a thousand times bigger than that , and it ’s a one followed by 12 zeros .
So a trillion is a thousand billions , which means it is a million millions .
You know what ?
I do n’t know what that means !
I ca n’t visualize that , so let ’s take a different tack on this .
Suppose I gave you a thousand dollar bill and said you and a friend had to spend it all in a single evening out on the town .
You ’d have a pretty good time .
Now suppose you had a stack of thousand dollar bills that was four inches in height .
If you did , you know what ?
Congratulations , you ’d be a millionaire .
Now suppose you wanted to enter the super - elite of the wealthy and have a billion dollars .
How tall of a stack of thousand dollar bills would that be ?
The answer is a stack only 358 feet high , seen here barely reaching 1/3rd of the way up the Petronas towers .
Now how about a stack of thousand dollar bills to equal a trillion dollars ?
How tall would that stack be ?
Think of an answer .
Well , that stack would be 67.9 miles high .
And I meant stack , not laid end to end or anything cheesy like that .
A solid stack of thousand dollar bills , 67.9 miles high .
Now that ’s a trillion dollars .
That still does n’t do it for you ?
Okay , I want you to imagine that you ’re in a car on a roadway that is lined at the side with a sideways stack of thousand dollar bills .
A nice , compact , rectangular column of thousand dollar bills is snaking along the roadside next to you as you drive .
You drive along brrrrrrrrrrrrr without stopping for a little more than an hour , and the entire way there ’s that stack of thousand dollar bills right next you , on the side of the road , the whole way .
Said another way , the amount of money created in the past 4.5 months in our economic system , if it had been printed up as thousand dollar bills and stacked along the side of the road , would stretch from Springfield , Massachusetts to Albany , New York .
So there it is .
Either you can visualize the stack better by driving along next to it , or by standing on top if it , or any other way you wish to express this statement .
But make no mistake , a trillion is a very , very big number and we should not be lulled into complacency simply because it is too big to really get our minds around .
That should drive us to action instead .
Keep this lesson in mind as we discuss the total accumulated debts and liabilities of the US , which are many tens of trillions of dollars .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has filed new charges against Mexico ’s top drug lord and other drug cartel leaders for smuggling billions of dollars worth of cocaine across the border , but they remain at large , U.S. authorities said on Thursday .
Joaquin Guzman is seen in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
U.S. officials announced the charges in New York and Chicago against Joaquin Guzman , Mexico ’s most wanted man , and other accused leaders , high - ranking members and associates of several of Mexico ’s most powerful drug cartels .
In all 44 people from the United States and Mexico were charged .
Guzman , known as “ Shorty , ” is at the center of the violent drugs war that has killed more than 13,000 people in Mexico in the last three years .
He and some of the others faced previous U.S. drug trafficking charges .
The United States , aiming to crack down on escalating drug trafficking and violence along the border with Mexico , seeks the forfeiture of more than $ 5.8 billion in drug proceeds as part of the charges .
“ The cartels whose alleged leaders are charged today constitute multibillion dollar networks that funnel drugs onto our streets , ” U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said .
The indictment accuses Guzman , along with Ismael Zambada Garcia and Arturo Beltran Leyva , of being among the most powerful drug traffickers in Mexico .
Also indicted was Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , the alleged head of the Juarez drug cartel .
If captured and convicted , all but one of the defendants face up to life in prison .
Guzman , the leader of the Sinaloa cartel , is the drug gangster most responsible for the wave of killings in Mexico in recent years as he tries to expand his empire to other parts of the country like Ciudad Juarez on the border with Texas .
He escaped from a high - security jail in Mexico in 2001 in a laundry van shortly before he was due to be extradited to the United States .
According to the charges , the defendants were responsible for smuggling into the United States nearly 200 tons of cocaine and large amounts of heroin between 1990 and the end of last year .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) estimates that some 90 percent of the cocaine that comes into the United States enters through Mexico .
Holder and Michele Leonhart , the DEA ’s acting head , told a news conference the United States has offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the arrests of each of the accused Mexican drug cartel leaders .
“ Let me make something very , very clear here ; these are not symbolic acts that we are taking today .
Our intention is to indict these people , to get these people to the United States and to put them in jail for extended periods of time , ” Holder said .
According to the charges , the cartel leaders employed hitmen who carried out hundreds of acts of violence in Mexico , including murders , kidnappings and torture .
The defendants were accused of importing cocaine from Central and South American countries through Mexico and into the United States using cargo aircraft , submarines , container ships , fishing vessels , buses , rail cars , trucks and automobiles .
Three months ago , Betanews experimented with a process for converting a Windows XP - based system to Windows 7 even though a direct upgrade process was not officially supported by Microsoft .
Our process involved borrowing a Windows Vista installation disc , and going through the upgrade motions twice except for the part where you register and activate Vista .
This way , you would only have to register Windows 7 .
Although our tests involved an earlier build of Win7 than the current public release candidate , we discovered the process , while slow and laborious , was at least workable .
To make certain of this , we installed Office 2007 in our XP - based test system first , then ran Word , Excel , and PowerPoint perfectly well in Windows 7 after the installation was complete .
We did have to re-activate Office , but that only took a moment .
But wait a minute , Microsoft told us , there is a way to migrate from XP to Win7 .
Really ?
Well , in a sense .
It involves the latest version of what in prior editions was called the Files and Settings Transfer Wizard , and which in Win7 goes by the name Windows Easy Transfer .
As the documentation on Microsoft TechNet explains , " To maintain settings when installing Windows 7 on a computer running Windows XP , you must migrate files and settings using a tool such as Windows 7 Easy Transfer and then reinstall your software programs . "
Advertisement
So if you have to reinstall all your old software anyway -- which , technically speaking , creates most of the " settings " which this new Easy Transfer would be migrating anyway -- just what does this wizard actually do ?
Does it just back up your private documents , or your My Documents folder ?
And if that 's all it does , then would n't depositing that folder on a separate hard drive make the migration process easier to manage ?
We decided to try to answer these questions for ourselves rather than cast more rhetorical questions to the wind .
What we discovered was n't exactly hopeful news :
Your XP installation evidently needs to be squeaky clean .
Rather than create a very clean XP installation , we used a duplicate of a very , very well - used XP installation , with Registry settings dating back to practically the Middle Ages .
We could not get Easy Transfer to survive the initial scan of the Documents and Settings folder , after numerous attempts , despite our having disabled all anti-malware software , including firewalls .
In an attempt to clear the system of any possible conflicts with system drivers , we tried to run Easy Transfer in Safe Mode , only to discover ...
You can't run Easy Transfer in Safe Mode .
You'd think since this is essentially a system tool , Microsoft would have designed it to run in Safe Mode , which is where many Windows 95 / Win98 veterans performed many system upgrades to XP after all .
Perhaps our choice of USB - based storage device was giving the wizard fits -- surely with 100 GB of free space , it should n't be a problem .
In any event , we tried choosing to network two computers together , bypassing the remote storage option .
And that 's where we learned ...
If you want to network a second computer , its Windows must have the same bit - width as the one you 're transferring .
The setup program assumes that any network computer where you want to store the files and settings is the same one where you want them finally installed ( we discovered this in the Help file which , granted , is where folks more sane than we are tend to look first ) .
So if you 're transferring settings from a 32 - bit computer , no , you can't use another computer on your network as a temporary storage device , so a 64 - bit Vista is right out .
We got the distinct impression that the only XP system that Easy Transfer will work with , is one that only has a single hard drive and whose My Documents directory is stored on C:\ .
As I 've advised folks for decades , this is n't the way you should set up your computers anyway -- your personal documents should always be on a separate disk from your system disk , for both performance and safety reasons .
So for now , we 'll continue to advise our readers and friends to continue using the method we prescribed : Borrow a Vista installation disc , upgrade to Vista , then upgrade again to Win7 .
It 's not pretty , nor is it particularly any fun , but it 's manageable .
THIS PIECE IS FULL OF LIES DO NOT TRUST IT
More accurately , its information is out of date and no longer valid .
This describes the old behaviour of the Scala package system .
Its behaviour has been different from this for some years now , as it turned out most people were n’t reaching the “ acceptance ” stage I describe below and after enough shouting the behaviour got changed .
This is preserved solely for posterity .
Do not rely on it for accurate information .
Original piece follows :
Every now and then someone discovers how packages work in Scala .
This process typically passes through a number of stages .
Confusion : “ Hey , guys , I found this weird bug .
Can you take a look ? ”
Surprise : “ What ?
It works like that ?
Really ? ” Denial : “ No , I do n’t believe you .
This has to be a bug . ”
Anger : “ Dear scala - debate .
This is the worst feature in the entire world , and if you do n’t agree with me you ’re a big poopy head ” Acceptance : “ Actually , this is quite a neat feature ”
Not everyone reaches step 5 .
Many stay in step 4 permanently , often because they ’ve discovered that this interacts poorly with certain conventions they use .
This behaviour is particularly unfortunate because actually Scala ’s package behaviour is quite nice .
But people do n’t seem to be willing to believe this and instead make up all sorts of behaviour which it does n’t have and never has had and then get upset when the reality does not correspond to their fiction .
And so , in the hopes of dispelling some of this confusion , I bring to you the reality of how packages work in Scala .
Some of this is very basic material , but I ’m presenting it in case you ’ve not explicitly thought about it in these terms as it will help with the leadup to the actually important part .
Identifiers
You have a bunch of identifiers in scope .
These are names for things .
It does n’t matter what they ’re names for :
They could be vals , defs , packages , objects , etc .
So for example suppose I have :
package foo ; object bar ; object baz{ val kittens = " kittens " ; }
within this file , say within the object bar , we ’ve got a bunch of identifiers in scope :
We have foo , the package we are in , bar , an object , and baz , another object .
We do n’t have kittens in scope ( except within the object baz ) .
Within the object baz , everything in scope at the outer level is in scope here , but we ’ve introduced the additional identifier kittens .
Note that a package conceptually constitutes one “ level ” .
Everything from your current package is in scope , regardless of how you split it up into files – I could have moved some of the objects above into separate files and nothing would have changed .
Top level identifiers
Packages like foo are “ top level ” – they live in the global scope .
Any file can refer to the identifier foo .
Nesting of packages
In the same way we had an object inside a package and introduced a new scope , we can nest a package inside a package .
package mammals ; package rodents { class Rat ; }
This places the package “ rodents ” inside the package “ mammals ” .
In exactly the same way the object did , this inherits everything from the outer scope ( and remember : the scope of the package is the scope of everything
package mammals ; class Cat ; package rodents { class Rat{ def flee ( moggy : Cat ) = println ( " Help , help !
Run away !
It 's " + moggy ) } }
the identifiers of the outer scope are available in the inner one .
But this sort of deeply nested package structure gets very ugly to write , so what one tends to do is seperate it out to one package in a given file , even the nested ones , and so there ’s syntax to support it :
package mammals.rodents ; class Rat{ def flee ( moggy : Cat ) = println ( " Help , help !
Run away !
It 's " + moggy ) }
This is exactly the same as the previous example except we ’ve moved Cat to another file .
It ’s still in scope as before .
Members
identifiers can have members .
These are other identifiers which live on them and can be accessed with a .
For example , to refer to Rat from the package mammals we would refer to it as rodents .
Rat .
Shadowing
You can reintroduce the same identifier at an inner level .
Going back to our first example suppose we had written baz as
object baz{ val bar = " kittens " val kittens = bar }
Then kittens would still contain the string “ kittens ” , as it refers to the definition of bar in the current scope not the outside one .
Outside of baz , bar would still refer to the object .
An important aspect of this :
You can shadow packages just like anything else !
Suppose we have
package foo{ object baz ; package foo{ object baz ; object stuff { val it = foo.baz ; } } }
Then “ it ” points to the innermost baz , not the outermost one :
We ’ve shadowed the definition of foo .
And this is where the problem lies .
Suppose I have
package net.liftweb { object AwesomeWebWidget{ def doStuffWith ( url : java.io. File ) = ... } }
and someone comes along ( remember this does n’t have to be in the same file – it can even be in a jar ) and introduces
package net.java.kittens ; class Kitten ;
Now the lift code will no longer work !
The problem is that what we have actually looks like this :
package net{ package java{ package kittens { class Kitten ; } } package liftweb { object AwesomeWebWidget{ def doStuffWith ( url : java.io.
File ) = ... } } }
the problem is we have a different java identifier in scope than the one we wanted this to mean .
It actually refers to the java identifier that we acquire from the net package , rather than the base java that lives in the root as desired .
This is the problem that sparked the latest “ discussion ” in scala - debate on this subject .
The solutions
One thing which everyone immediately leaps to propose is to change the way imports work in Scala .
Hopefully the above should have demonstrated that this would n’t help : I have not mentioned the word “ import ” anywhere in this explanation .
So we can safely discard this as a non-solution .
The primary current solution is , unfortunately , a bit of an ugly one .
When you want to say “ the java at the root and I really damn mean it ” you can refer to it as _root_.java.io .
File .
Adding this to your fully qualified names will force it to refer to the right one .
Many people have taken to using _root_ on all their imports to fully qualify them .
Personally I do n’t feel the need ( I do n’t use Java reverse name conventions though , so I rarely run into the negative aspects of this behaviour ) .
Some people have taken to fully qualifying all their imports to prevent this sort of accidental shadowing .
Personally I find this highly unnecessary .
My preferred solution is to avoid the reverse domain name convention :
Not having your top level package as something common greatly reduces the ability to accidentally have packages injected into your scope like this .
Other solutions are currently under discussion in scala - debate , so some of this may be prone to change
President Barack Obama has staked his presidency on winning his " necessary " war in Afghanistan .
Coming into office , one of his first acts , on Feb. 18 , was to boost US troop levels in that country by 17,000 , bringing the total number of soldiers and Marines in the country to about 57,000 , to which one must also add about 33,000 other soldiers from NATO countries and Australia .
That 's 100,000 foreign soldiers fighting against Taliban fighters .
Ominously , even with the new US troops , US military commander Admiral Mike Mullen this month has described the situation in Afghanistan as being " serious and deteriorating . "
The Afghani national government -- if an organization that is basically confined to the capital city of Kabul and a few other cities can be called a national government , is hopelessly corrupt and ineffective , and a current national election , which US forces sought to " protect " by sending troops to election districts , appears to have been a disaster , plagued by vote rigging and with low turnout .
The US war in Afghanistan , billed as part of a war on terror begun by President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney in September 2001 , is now eight years old , and while the Taliban government that ruled Afghanistan at that time has been ousted from Kabul , its insurgency grows by the day in strength and popular support .
The US , meanwhile , is identified as an occupier and as the sole support of a corrupt regime of drug lords , thieves and charlatans .
Does this sound familiar ?
It should .
It is a replay of what America did in Vietnam .
The roots of the current Afghanistan War lie in the period when the Soviet Union was occupying the country and backing a Communist - led government in the 1970s , and the US was conducting a proxy war against the Soviets , with the CIA training and funding both the Taliban and foreign fighters , mostly Arab , led by the likes of Osama Bin Laden .
In the end , the Taliban , with the help of groups like Bin Laden 's Al Qaeda , triumphed , pushing the Russians out .
But over time , as the Soviet Union crumbled and the US became more focused on the Middle East , successive US administrations became less and less happy with the power arrangement in Afghanistan .
Meanwhile , following the US Gulf War in 1990 - 91 , Bin Laden and other Arab fighters in Afghanistan and elsewhere began to see the US as an enemy , and the US began to shift its military focus from being based upon anti-Communism to being anti-Arab , or at least anti Arabist , as defined as being opposed to those Arabs who wanted to overthrow the corrupt dictatorial leaderships in the oil states of the Middle East .
When the World Trade Center and Pentagon were attacked in 2001 , the Bush / Cheney administration , which had already planned to overthrow the government in Iraq , launched an attack on Afghanistan , claiming that its Taliban government was harboring Al Qaeda , which was blamed for the attacks .
The Afghanistan War was on .
The Taliban was quickly ousted from Kabul , and Al Qaeda was largely driven into the remote tribal areas of Pakistan , but the war was not won .
Indeed , since then , it has gone from bad to worse for the US , as the Taliban has clawed back territory and recovered much of its prior power .
The background of the war in Vietnam dates from 1954 , when Vietnam , after a long struggle , won its independence from its colonial ruler , France .
Two years later , the US blocked a UN - supervised national referendum , effectively splitting the country into two parts , a Communist north led by the hero of Vietnam 's independence struggle , Ho Chi Minh , and the south , led by the corrupt former French colonial stooge Ngo Dinh Diem .
With elections off , a small group of partisans , the Viet Cong , began an insurrection against the government in the South in early 1959 , which the US became committed to opposing , initially sending in " advisers " to train and direct the South Vietnamese army .
That war went from bad to worse , and when , in 1964 , it became clear to US police - makers , that the Viet Cong were likely to win , President Lyndon Johnson made a decision to send in massive numbers of US troops and to begin a major bombing campaign against the North Vietnam .
From 2000 US troops in Vietnam in 1961 , there were 16,500 in 1964 , and by mid 1965 , 100,000 .
That number continued to rise , reaching 200,000 by 1966 , and ultimately , at the height of the war , over 500,000 .
But the Viet Cong , and later , the Viet Cong and the North Vietnamese troops sent down from the north , were never defeated .
Indeed , they continued to grow in number and in their control of the countryside .
While they suffered horrific losses because of the superior firepower of US forces , and an American scorched - earth policy in the countryside , the Vietnamese forces continued to gain more and more support from the Vietnamese people .
In the end , after suffering over 58,000 dead , the US cried uncle and left Vietnam .
By 1975 , the puppet regime in Saigon fell , and Vietnam was finally unified again , under Communist rule .
> From the beginning of America 's involvement in Vietnam , the country , a poor nation of peasant farmers , was presented to the American public as a critical threat to the security of the United States .
If Vietnam were to " fall , " Americans were told , the rest of Southeast Asia , like a chain of dominos , would fall -- first Cambodia and Laos , then Thailand and Malaysia , then Indonesia , and finally , even Australia would be at risk .
Of course , no such thing happened .
The Vietnamese Communists were always , and remained , a nationalist movement , and after winning their multi-generational struggle for independence , focused on developing their country ( though they did step in and overthrow a genocidal Communist regime that had taken over in Cambodia , installing a saner government ) .
It had been a giant scam on the American people from the beginning , and it ended up costing several million Vietnamese , Cambodian and Laotian lives , and 58,000 American lives , though that scarcely tells the toll , in terms of those crippled mentally and physically , those poisoned by the widespread spraying of toxic defoliants , and the laying of millions of anti-personnel mines that are still killing and maiming people in Indochina today .
Now a new president , Obama , like Johnson before him , is telling Americans that a war half a world away is " necessary for American security . "
This is a ludicrous assertion on its face .
If Afghanistan , one of the poorest countries in the world , and really hardly a country at all , is a threat to US national security , so is Malawi , Burundi and Fiji .
Let 's be rational for a moment .
The Taliban , whatever their irrational Islamic fanaticism and their misogyny , have no interest in America , other than to drive our troops out of their country .
When they were in charge in Kabul back in 2001 , they had their hands full just trying to hang on in the face of the war lords and drug kingpins who held ( and still hold ) sway in various parts of the country , and when they eventually win and drive the US and its NATO allies out of Afghanistan , they will have their hands full again , just clinging to power .
American national security is not to the slightest degree threatened by the Taliban .
Okay , so back in 2001 there was a gang of Arabs in Afghanistan which had since 1990 , at least , expressed some hostility towards the US , but that crew , after all , had been set up by the CIA in the first place , and anyway , by 2002 it had been largely shattered and driven out of Afghanistan , and into Pakistan and parts unknown .
The current Afghanistan War , which President Obama claims is so necessary to American security , is not against Al Qaeda though ; it is against the Taliban , and it simply cannot be won , anymore than the US war against the Vietnamese could be won .
Today , as in the late 1960s , the Pentagon is telling the president that it needs more troops .
There is a military imperative not to lose a war .
No general or admiral wants to be the guy in charge when the jig is declared up , and the troops have to be brought home as losers .
And so they are asking for more and more troops and weapons , in hopes of hanging on until they get get cashiered out .
Obama , like Johnson before him , will buy into this criminal policy , because he too does n't want to " lose " a war before he leaves office .
That should be pretty scary , since I 'm sure Obama is hoping that he will be in office not just through 2012 , but through 2016 .
That 's a long time to keep escalating a hopeless and pointless conflict , just to avoid having to say it was a mistake in the first place .
But lest you say that it cannot happen , recall that the first US advisers went to Vietnam in 1959 , the big escalation began in 1964 , and the US did n't leave until 1974 .
That 's 15 years of war and ten years of major warfare .
Because the Bush / Cheney administration was always more interested in invading Iraq than in invading Afghanistan , and pulled out many troops from the latter country in late 2002 to ship them to Iraq , the Afghan War has escalated more slowly than the Vietnam War did .
But I 'd say that today we are about where we were in Vietnam at the start of 1965 .
That is , the big lie , and the big escalation in the fighting , are both just getting going .
If the American people do n't rise up and demand an end to this thing right now , we could be in for another 8 - 10 years of brutal and bloody warfare , and in the end , the United States is , once again , going to lose .
_______
In many parts of the West Bank , Israel 's much - vaunted separation wall is conspicuous by its absence ;
Ha'aretz reports that only around 60 % of the barrier has been completed will come as no surprise to those who spend time in the area around the project 's proposed route .
In places such as the South Hebron Hills , the only obstacles separating thousands of Palestinians from Israeli communities are sporadic flying checkpoints thrown up by the army , or flimsy , unguarded wire fences ostensibly keeping the terrorist hordes at bay .
If mainstream Israeli thinking is to be believed , the " security " wall is vital for the safety of Israel 's citizens , the implication being that scores of would - be bombers are daily banging their heads against a concrete wall as they try desperately to reach Israeli cities to unleash carnage on unsuspecting women and children .
However , the facts simply do n't add up .
If 40 % percent of a mosquito net was removed , the remaining mesh would have no protective effect , since the insects would simply sail through the hole and get on with their blood - sucking task unimpeded .
Yet , according to the Israeli authorities , that is not the case when it comes to the separation wall , and millions of Israelis are all too eager to swallow the lie in order to achieve a deceptive peace of mind .
At the end of a trip to Nablus , I was shown first - hand how simple it is to circumnavigate the wall and checkpoints and enter Israel entirely at will , and without encountering a single soldier or slab of wall .
If it was that easy for me by day , it would be even easier for a militant by cover of darkness , and the same is true throughout the porous perimeter across the West Bank .
Travelling unchecked to and from Bethlehem , Bet Jalla and other towns to the immediate south of Jerusalem is child 's play for determined tourist or terrorist alike , yet statistics have shown a marked decrease in suicide attacks – suggesting that something other than the non-existent barrier is preventing such atrocities taking place around the clock .
Some believe that Hamas are responsible for the reduction in bombings , having never rescinded their declared hudna on suicide attacks shortly after coming to power .
Others believe that the Palestinians realised that suicide bombings were a failed policy , in that they simply gave Israel justification for further land - grabs and heightened security measures in response to the attacks .
One activist to whom I spoke commented that the Shin Bet 's network of informants was in fact the most effective tool Israel had in preventing suicide bombings , noting that the massive unemployment rate in the West Bank drove more and more Palestinians to desperate measures , such as collaboration , in order to supplement their meagre incomes .
Whether the near - cessation of suicide attacks is down to a policy of ceasefire or an increase in informers tipping off the Israeli authorities , the wall itself has very little effect on the statistics .
If anything , it increases the likelihood of renewed violence against Israeli citizens in the long term , thanks to its crippling impact on life for Palestinians affected by the route of the barrier , and their belief that their situation is unlikely to ever improve .
In the meantime , many settlers are up in arms about the route of the wall , claiming that they have been " abandoned " behind the barrier by the Israeli authorities .
They claim that they have no protection from attacks at the hands of Palestinian militants , despite the army maintaining a presence wherever Jewish settlers set up shop in the West Bank .
The defence minister Ehud Barak is " determined to complete the security fence , despite the delays " , according to reports , although legal challenges and diplomatic pressure appear to have put paid to any major construction efforts for the foreseeable future .
Settlements , as well as the infrastructure supporting their existence , are too hot a topic at present for the Israeli authorities simply to take unilateral decisions about where to place the wall or how to fence in those communities currently bereft of barricades .
Instead of burying their heads in the sand and pretending that all is well in terms of Israelis ' security as a result of an incomplete wall , Israel 's leaders ought to be worried about the consequences of continuing their policies of intransigence towards the Palestinians .
The cyclical nature of the conflict means that the relative calm of today is by no means guaranteed to continue into the future .
Stifling the Palestinians of the means to provide for their families , whether by denying them freedom of movement or by brazenly taking their land from under their noses , ensures another generation will grow up resenting Israel and eventually resorting to violence as a way of expressing their rage .
Despite such tactics not being in the best interests of the Palestinian people , the fact that they have seen no progress even when they put down their arms means that the dam will inevitably burst again soon .
When it does , the inefficacy of Israel 's half - built wall will be plain for all to see , as too will the half - hearted measures at rapprochement which have hampered peace efforts for years and decades gone by .
Lord Adonis : High - speed rail is possible in the UK guardian .co.uk
The transport secretary , Lord Adonis , hit back at airline industry criticism of his high - speed rail plan today as he accused the Ryanair boss , Michael O'Leary , of having his " head in the sand " over the competitive threat posed by 250 mph trains .
Adonis rejected claims by O'Leary that investing billions in high - speed rail in the UK to replace short - haul flights would be " insane " .
O'Leary told the Guardian there would still be heavy demand to travel by air between the UK and Europe because the Channel tunnel is the only rail link between Britain and the continent .
Airlines including British Airways echoed O'Leary 's comments yesterday , though in more diplomatic terms .
The industry backlash came after Adonis said the government hoped to progressively replace short - haul flights with a 250 mph train network in the UK .
Responding to the criticism today , the transport secretary said high - speed rail already controlled 80 % of the London to Paris and Brussels market , with a new Dutch high - speed line set to add Amsterdam to the list of rail destinations from the capital .
" Those who think that the airlines will continue to monopolise short - haul European destinations from London have got their heads in the sand , " he said .
" It is nonsense to suggest that high - speed rail will be competitive with airlines only for internal British journeys .
High - speed rail already has the lion 's share of the London to Paris and Brussels market .
Once the Dutch high - speed line from Brussels to Amsterdam is open later this year , rail will be competitive from London to Amsterdam and Rotterdam ; and it wo n't be long before the same is true of Cologne and Frankfurt . "
Earlier , O'Leary , the chief executive of Europe 's largest short - haul airline , warned against making cross-Channel rail services the main conduit between the UK and Europe .
" It is insane .
The only link you have is one highly priced tunnel .
People are not going to travel to the UK regions , including the Lake District and Cornwall , on a [ Eurostar ] train that only stops at Kent and London St Pancras , " he said .
O'Leary was slightly less scathing about switching domestic air passengers to rail , describing it is as a " valid alternative if you do n't mind the inefficiency and high cost of rail services " .
Profitable airlines were already being hit hard by air passenger duty while the rail network received billions of pounds in subsidies , O'Leary said .
" On [ return ] domestic flights from Glasgow to London , passengers are paying £ 20 in taxes while they continue to subsidise the shit out of the railways .
Substituting one form of transport that is heavily taxed for a form of transport that is heavily subsidised is not the answer . "
British Airways expressed scepticism at Lord Adonis 's comments .
The airline backs Department for Transport plans to run a new high - speed line via Heathrow airport and on to the rest of the UK , but a spokesperson said it would be impractical to target flights to more distant short - haul destinations such as Madrid , Rome and Prague .
" High - speed rail cannot be a complete substitute for flying , " the company said .
" There are relatively few destinations in continental Europe to which it would be practical to travel and return by rail in a day .
Therefore flying will always remain the preferred form of transport for millions of travellers . "
The pro-aviation lobby group Flying Matters warned that certain domestic routes , including airports such as Exeter and Aberdeen , would still have to operate internal flights to a hub airport such as Heathrow because a high - speed link was unlikely to reach those cities .
" Some journeys would present real practical problems , " said Michelle Di Leo , the director of Flying Matters .
" For example , how would you get from Edinburgh to Belfast by train in a reasonable amount of time ?
You can't force people to use options which do n't currently exist . "
The International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) , which represents more than 200 major airlines worldwide , including BA and Virgin Atlantic , said a country that had taken decades to plan a third runway at Heathrow airport could take even longer to plan a high - speed rail network .
It said a recent report published by experts at the University of Berkeley , California , calculated that the greenhouse gas emissions of train travel could be more than double current estimates .
Fuel use is normally the main factor in calculating a transport mode 's emissions , but the Berkeley report included emissions from building and maintaining vehicles , as well as building the infrastructure that carries them .
Once those factors were added in , the report said , the carbon dioxide emitted by trains was far higher than expected .
" When building 3 km of runway takes decades , the challenges of criss - crossing the country corridors of high - speed rail infrastructure will be enormous , " an IATA spokesperson said .
" And for what gain ?
Putting aside the astronomical costs and timescales of such a project , has the secretary thought about the total carbon lifecycle impact of building so much rail infrastructure ?
Exactly how many Channel tunnels will be built ? "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
There have been three bomb explosions on the Spanish island of Majorca , following a warning purported to be from the Basque separatist group , Eta .
Officials say the first bomb went off in a beachfront bar and restaurant in Palma de Majorca .
No -one was injured .
Two further blasts occurred at another nearby restaurant and in a town square .
No injuries were reported .
Eta earlier admitted responsibility for a bomb attack in Majorca last month which killed two Civil Guard officers .
On Sunday , the first bomb exploded in the toilet of a bar - restaurant called La Rigoletta , in the Paseo del Portitxol , in front of a beach called Can Pere Antoni , officials said .
They said the device was small and there were no injuries .
Everyone had been evacuated from the restaurant and the area was later sealed off by police .
No details have been released about the second bomb blast , but reports in the Spanish media suggest it was a controlled explosion carried out by the police .
Laura Penn , who works for Luna Radio in Majorca , told the BBC that " a small device was found 500 m from the first [ bomb ] shortly after ; that was detonated in a controlled explosion " .
The police later confirmed that a third bomb had gone off in a shopping centre under the central square , the Plaza Mayor .
" But it was a small device , even weaker than the other two , " a government spokesman in Mallorca was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency .
The website of the Spanish newspaper El Mundo said that the telephone warning before the first explosion had been made in the name of Eta .
El Pais newspaper said the warning had been received by a taxi company in the Basque region .
Eyewitness account Ronald Lobo , who runs a restaurant near the scene of the first explosion , described what happened after the warning was given .
It is a worrying time for us .
I do n't understand why these radicals are targeting our island
Majorca resident Lucia Gonzalez Vicente
Locals and tourists describe fear " We were inside the restaurant and my friend saw at the back that many policemen had come to the Italian restaurant , " he said .
" After a while we saw that all the people ... in the Italian restaurant are evacuating .
Then ... the policemen came and all the clients in all the restaurants , they turned them out . "
Eta has been held responsible for more than 820 deaths during its campaign for an independent homeland in Spain 's Basque region .
In its statement earlier on Sunday , Eta claimed responsibility for July 's bomb attack in Palmanova , Majorca , and for three other bombings in Spain this summer , which together claimed three lives and injured dozens more .
The organisation is marking the 50th anniversary of its founding .
Majorca is one of Spain 's top tourist destinations .
Eta has targeted the country 's tourist industry in the past in a bid to disrupt trade and force talks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Birmingham : 45 mins , down from 1h 22 mins Liverpool : 1hr 23 mins , down from 2hrs 8 mins Manchester : 1hr 6 mins , down from 2hrs 7mins Edinburgh : 2hrs 9mins , down from 4hrs 23 mins Glasgow : 2hrs 16 mins , down from 4hrs 10 mins Source : Network Rail
Business reacts to fast rail link
Your views on the plan Network Rail has proposed a new £ 34bn ( $ 55 bn ) high - speed railway line linking Scotland and London by 2030 .
The line would serve Birmingham and Manchester , getting passengers from Glasgow to London in just two hours and 16 minutes , the rail firm said .
It rejected several alternative routes , including the east of England .
The government said assessments of the costs and environmental issues involved needed to be carried out before it could approve any plans .
It is currently conducting its own rail network review and said it hoped to be in a position to make a decision next year .
If given the go - ahead , Network Rail said it would take up to five years to decide on the exact route and complete the planning stages .
It wants the first section of the line between London and Birmingham to be completed by 2020 .
The line would become the country 's second high - speed rail link after the line that runs from London St Pancras to the Channel Tunnel , run by the Eurostar service and connecting to high - speed lines in continental Europe .
New line Network Rail 's proposed new line linking Glasgow and Edinburgh with London , on which trains could travel as fast as 200 mph , would also serve Manchester , Liverpool , Preston and Birmingham .
A spokesman for one of Manchester 's biggest employers , Kellog 's cereals , said : " This is great news for business in Manchester , just as London is going to be more accessible for us , Manchester will be for those in the South East . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The new line would cut the journey between London and Birmingham to 45 minutes , from a best time of one hour and 22 minutes currently .
Rail passengers would also be able to get to Liverpool in one hour and 23 minutes , from two hours and eight minutes now .
Network Rail , the company that runs Britain 's rail infrastructure , said the new line would require more than 1,500 miles of rail , sleepers and ballast , as well as 138 bridges over roads and current railway lines .
Network Rail says the new line is required to ease the pressure on Britain 's railways .
It says passenger numbers have rocketed by 40 % over the past decade , and that by 2024 , many existing lines will be at full capacity .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis told the BBC that high - speed links were vital for the future .
" This report makes a powerful case for high - speed rail in Britain , " he said .
Lord Adonis said the company set up by the government to prepare a high - speed rail plan would take " full account " of the proposals and deliver a report by the end of the year , with a decision by next year .
Currently , the route proposal will be between London and the West Midlands , with options to extend the line to Scotland and the north of England .
Alternative options ANALYSIS Lorna Gordon , Scotland correspondent , Glasgow
There has been a universal welcome for these proposals here .
But there are still many questions about this project , not least the cost - £ 34bn .
Only the government has the capability of funding such a large infrastructure project and as we know , government money is very tight at the moment .
And there is the cost to passengers .
If you look to Europe there is a premium on routes such as this , where ticket prices are typically 30 % higher for travelling on high - speed services .
The Conservatives ' shadow transport secretary , Theresa Villiers , told the BBC she welcomed the announcement .
" We 're committed to taking high - speed rail to the north of England , and we think Labour should match that , " she said .
The Conservatives currently propose to build a rail link between Leeds and London .
Network Rail said it had rejected routes that would have taken the new line via Leeds and Newcastle upon Tyne , as well as a route that included Leicester and Sheffield and another option through Bristol and Cardiff .
But Greg Mulholland , MP for Leeds North West , said : " Once again this government has neglected the people of Yorkshire when it comes to investment in transport . "
Meanwhile , the Freight Transport Association said that the announcement offered a chance to look at wider rail issues beyond passenger transport .
" While it is good news that Network Rail has set out its agenda for High Speed 2 , far reaching and meaningful improvements to rail freight could be made for just a fraction of the £ 30bn estimated [ cost ] , " said the organisation 's Christopher Snelling .
' Plan quickly ' Network Rail based its decision on a 12 - month study involving 20,000 hours of work and more than 1,500 pages of analysis .
The firm said that the line would account for 43.7 million journeys per year by 2030 , which would result in 3.8 million fewer vehicle journeys and fewer carbon dioxide emissions .
" If , as research suggests , up to three times as many passengers will be travelling on our railways by 2020 , then it is important that we move quickly in planning today for the rail network of tomorrow , " said Scotland 's Transport Minister Stewart Stevenson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Who knew there were so many iPhone annoyances ?
Last week we listed ten common failings of the iPhone and discussed how to correct them .
Maybe it was naïve to restrict the list to ten entries .
Reader feedback suggests that iPhone users have no shortage of annoyances they 'd like to see solved .
After reviewing the comments posted to the original story , " 10 iPhone Annoyances ( And How to Fix Them ) , " we offer you a sequel .
Once again , we 've compiled workarounds to the iPhone annoyances listed .
Oh , and because one snarky ( we love snark ! ) reader suggested that you should " get rid of the suckerphone , " we 've also included several problems that you can solve only by jumping ship and buying a nonsuckerphone alternative .
10 . You Can't Schedule Day - of - Week Meetings ( griped by rjnerd )
The iPhone 's built - in calendar lets you set up recurring appointments -- but with one notable flaw :
There 's no way to schedule meetings for , say , the first Monday of every month .
The bigger problem : Overwhelmingly , in response to our previous article , iPhone users complained about the calendar .
Among the sources of grievance aired were the inability to view the calendar by week , the inability to copy and paste appointments , and the inability to send event invites to other users .
The workaround : Set up a recurring weekly event , and then delete the unwanted extra entries for that month .
It 's not pretty , but at least you wo n't have to reenter all of your data for each scheduled event .
9 . The Screen Keeps Rotating During Bedtime Reading
Most of the time , we love having an accelerometer on the phone .
Being able to tilt into landscape mode is great for viewing photos and sending text messages , but it does get in the way when you 've curled up for some e-reading .
The bigger problem :
The inability to lock iPhone rotation is problematic in general .
Users complain that the phone extemporaneously switches to cover flow when it 's resting in the car ; and sometimes you just do n't want the screen to rotate , regardless of your posture .
The workaround : Only jailbreakers can activate ' Rotation Inhibitor ' in Sbsettings to lock the screen settings in place .
The rest of us must employ a method previously discussed at Macworld .
The iPhone screen will automatically rotate 90 degrees clockwise when you 're lounging on your couch , causing text to rotate from horizontal to vertical and making reading unduly difficult .
A Macworld reader suggests that you rotate your iPhone another 90 degrees counterclockwise .
" Since the iPhone does n't offer 180° rotation , this left the text rotated 90° in alignment with my head . "
8. You Can't Create Usage Profiles ( griped by deftdrummer )
In this hectic world , who can be bothered to silence the iPhone at work , turn on Wi-Fi at home , and make battery - saving adjustments when the phone is running out of juice ?
It would be nice -- and worth paying for , even -- to have a utility that managed all of those things for you .
The bigger problem :
The iPhone 's lack of usage profiles is another consequence of its inability to multitask ( and run apps in the background ) .
For the same reason that the recently released Google Latitude Web app can't constantly update your location , an app like Locale ( from Two Forty Four a .m. ) simply can't function properly on an iPhone unless you jailbreak the phone .
The workaround :
On the iPhone , there is none .
Android users can pick up Locale , an award - winning ( and PC World - praised ) app that knows where you are and adjusts your phone settings accordingly .
Symbian users can try AutoProfiles , which adjusts phone settings based on time of day .
When we Europeans – the British included – contemplate the battles President Obama must fight to reform the US health system , our first response tends to be disbelief .
How can it be that so obvious a social good as universal health insurance , so humane a solution to common vulnerability , is not sewn deep into the fabric of the United States ?
How can one of the biggest , richest and most advanced countries in the world tolerate a situation where , at any one time , one in six of the population has to pay for their treatment item by item , or resort to hospital casualty wards ?
The second response , as automatic as the first , is to blame heartless and ignorant Republicans .
To Europeans , a universal health system is so basic to a civilised society that only the loony right could possibly oppose it : the people who cling to their guns , picket abortion clinics ( when they are not trying to shoot the abortionists ) and block funding for birth control in the third world .
All right , we are saying to ourselves , there are Americans who think like this , but they are out on an ideological limb .
If only this were true .
The reason why Obama is finding health reform such a struggle – even though it was central to his election platform – is not because an extreme wing of the Republican Party , mobilised by media shock - jocks , is foaming at the mouth , or because Republicans have more money than Democrats to buy lobbying and advertising power .
Nor is it only because so many influential groups , from insurance companies through doctors , have lucrative interests to defend – although this is a big part of it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is because very many Americans simply do not agree that it is a good idea .
And they include not only mainstream Republicans , but Democrats , too .
Indeed , Obama 's chief problem in seeking to extend health cover to most Americans is not Republican opposition : he thrashed John McCain to win his presidential mandate ; he has majorities in both Houses of Congress .
If Democrats were solidly behind reform , victory would already be his .
The unpalatable fact for Europeans who incline to think that Americans are just like us is that Democrats are not solidly behind Obama on this issue .
Even many in the party 's mainstream must be wooed , cajoled and even – yes – frightened , if they are ever going to agree to change the status quo .
Universal healthcare is an article of faith in the US only at what mainstream America would regard as the bleeding - heart liberal end of the spectrum .
As some of Obama 's enemies warned through the campaign – and I mean warned , not promised – this is the philosophical terrain where , his voting record suggests , this President is most at home .
But many more are not .
The absence from the Senate of Edward Kennedy , through illness , and Hillary Clinton , elevated to the State Department , has left his pro-reform advocacy in the legislature sorely depleted .
But there is something else at work here , too , beyond defective advocacy , and it lays bare a profound misunderstanding .
Europe hailed Obama 's landslide election victory as evidence that America had reclaimed its better self , turned to the left and bade farewell to ingrained racial divisions as well .
That was a benevolent , but ultimately idealistic , gloss .
Obama 's victory can indeed be seen as a reaction to eight years of conservative Republicanism under George Bush and a turn by US voters to the left .
But that left is still quite a bit further right than in most of Europe .
Nor was it just a leftward turn that cost John McCain the White House ; it was also a rejection of the weaker candidate .
Obama 's great asset was that he came across as more competent on the economy , at a time of global financial meltdown .
From this side of the Atlantic , we convinced ourselves that Americans had voted with their hearts , but there was a considerable element of the wallet as well .
That wallet element helps explain the deep - seated misgivings that have surfaced about Obama 's plans for health reform .
A majority of Americans believe they have adequate health cover .
Their choice of job may be limited by their insurance requirements ( and labour mobility reduced ) .
And their calculations may be upset – sometimes disastrously – by accident or illness .
But with most pensioners protected by the state system known as Medicare , an " I 'm all right , Jack " attitude prevails .
It coexists with the fear that extending the pool of the insured , to the poorer and more illness - prone , will raise premiums for the healthy and bring queuing , or rationing , of care – which is why stories about the NHS inspire such dread .
The principle that no one should be penalised financially by illness is trumped by the self - interest of the majority , then rationalised by the argument that health is a matter of personal responsibility .
The point is that , when on " normal " , the needle of the US barometer is not only quite a way to the political right of where it would be in Europe , but showing a very different atmospheric level , too .
For there is a mean and merciless streak in mainstream US attitudes , which tolerates much more in the way of inequality , deprivation and suffering than is acceptable here , while incorporating a large and often sanctimonious quotient of blame .
This transatlantic difference goes far beyond the healthcare debate .
Consider the give - no - quarter statements out of the US on the release of the Lockerbie bomber – or the continued application of the death penalty , or the fact that excessive violence is far more common a cause for censorship of US films in Europe than sex .
Or even , in documents emerging from the CIA , a different tolerance threshold where torture and terrorism are concerned .
Some put the divergence down to the ideological rigidity that led Puritans and others to flee to America in the first place ; others to the ruthless struggle for survival that marked the early settlement years and the conquest of the West .
Still others see it as the price the US pays for its material success .
What it means , though , is that if and when Obama gets some form of health reform through , it will reflect America 's fears quite as much as its promise .
And it is unlikely to be a national service that looks anything like ours .
m.dejevsky@independent.co.uk
“ I knew that once I did that my life would be different , ” he said .
“ I would n’t be getting any more calls from recruiters for the health industry .
It was the scariest thing I have done in my life .
But it was the right thing to do . ”
Mr. Potter says he liked his colleagues and bosses in the insurance industry , and respected them .
They are not evil .
But he adds that they are removed from the consequences of their decisions , as he was , and are obsessed with sustaining the company ’s stock price  which means paying fewer medical bills .
One way to do that is to deny requests for expensive procedures .
A second is “ rescission ”  seizing upon a technicality to cancel the policy of someone who has been paying premiums and finally gets cancer or some other expensive disease .
A Congressional investigation into rescission found that three insurers , including Blue Cross of California , used this technique to cancel more than 20,000 policies over five years , saving the companies $ 300 million in claims .
Image Wendell Potter Credit ... Emily Potter
As The Los Angeles Times has reported , insurers encourage this approach through performance evaluations .
One Blue Cross employee earned a perfect evaluation score after dropping thousands of policyholders who faced nearly $ 10 million in medical expenses .
Mr. Potter notes that a third tactic is for insurers to raise premiums for a small business astronomically after an employee is found to have an illness that will be very expensive to treat .
That forces the business to drop coverage for all its employees or go elsewhere .
All this is monstrous , and it negates the entire point of insurance , which is to spread risk .
The insurers are open to one kind of reform  universal coverage through mandates and subsidies , so as to give them more customers and more profits .
But they do n’t want the reforms that will most help patients , such as a public insurance option , enforced competition and tighter regulation .
Blogger claims attack on Twitter , Facebook and LiveJournal was part of plot to silence his criticism of the Kremlin
The Georgian blogger known as Cyxymu , who was yesterday the victim of a cyber assault that affected hundreds of millions of web users around the world , has blamed the attack on the Kremlin .
Speaking to the Guardian from an office in the Georgian capital , Tbilisi , he said he believed the denial - of - service strike that hit LiveJournal , Facebook and Twitter stemmed from an attempt to silence his criticism over Russia 's conduct in the war over the disputed South Ossetia region , which began a year ago today .
" Maybe it was carried out by ordinary hackers but I 'm certain the order came from the Russian government , " said the blogger , whose monicker is a latinised version of the Russian spelling of Sukhumi , the capital of Georgia 's other breakaway republic , Abkhazia .
He added : " An attack on such a scale that affected three worldwide services with numerous servers could only be organised by someone with huge resources . "
The trio of social networking sites were temporarily overwhelmed causing disruptions of service .
Cyxymu said his real name was Georgy and that he was a 34 - year - old economics lecturer .
He is an active critic of Moscow 's politics in the Caucasus region and was the victim of a similar attack last year that crashed LiveJournal .
He said he was " amazed " when he realised the latest strike on his blog , Sukhumi , war and pain , had seemingly prompted a global online meltdown .
" I did n't expect that it would be an attack on me , I 'm not such a famous blogger , " he said .
" It started when hundreds of thousands of spam emails supposedly from me were sent all over the world suggesting for people to visit one of my blogs .
So thousands of people visited it causing it to freeze , and they [ LiveJournal ] had to block it again .
Then the same thing happened with Facebook and Twitter . "
Max Kelly , Facebook 's chief security officer , confirmedyesterday that the attack that disrupted the Twitter site and caused problems for Facebook and LiveJournal was aimed at Cyxymu .
" It was a simultaneous attack across a number of properties targeting him to keep his voice from being heard , " he said .
Cyxymu said he had started his blog as a way to unite ethnic Georgians who lived in Sukhumi but were forced to leave as refugees in 1993 when Abkhazia seceded from Georgia .
" When the war started in South Ossetia last year I could n't avoid being drawn into politics , " he said .
Capt .
Lawrence Rockwood ( ret. ) , the author of Walking Away from Nuremberg : Just War and the Doctrine of Command Responsibility , has organized the following letter from military figures to the American Psychological Association .
The Letter expresses dismay by these military people to the inclusion of ethics standard 1.02 the Nuremberg " just following orders " Defense in the APA ethics code .
[ See attorney Scott Horton 's comments on 1.02 at his Harpers blog .
My comments , with background on the issue , can be read here . ]
The military letter was sent to President Bray and the members of the APA Council of Representatives :
August 4 , 2009
To President James A. Bray and the Council of Representatives of the American Psychological Association :
We write as concerned , veteran military and intelligence professionals .
If the American Psychological Association ( APA ) retains Section 1.02 in its Ethics Code , the APA will place itself in opposition to some of the best traditions of the American military profession .
Section 1.02 of the APA Ethics Code undermines not only the good order and discipline of military and intelligence professionals who happen also to be psychologists , but also their responsibilities under official military doctrine and professional military ethics .
This section of the APA code entails an exemption that a psychologist can follow an order from a government employer even if it is otherwise contraindicated by the APA code .
This section of the APA code disregards the Nuremberg Principles as recognized in 1950 by UN General Assembly Resolution 177 and incorporated into American military doctrine in the 1956 publication of Field Manual 27 - 10 , The Law of Armed Conflict .
The Nuremberg Principles were drafted in the United States War Department during the last year of the Second World War .
Two major themes of the Nuremberg Principles have been incorporated into American military doctrine : ( 1 ) commanders and government officials are responsible for the criminal acts of their subordinates , and ( 2 ) that a person acts in response to an order from a government or of a superior does not relieve him or her from personal criminal responsibility .
In the case of the prosecution for the massacre of unarmed civilians in My Lai in Vietnam in March 1968 , a military court categorically ruled out the so - called Nuremberg Defense in a defense of an accused war criminal who claimed an order (s ) from superiors sanctioned an otherwise criminal act .
The professional normative standards of the military professional as a whole are binding on psychologists within the military .
We therefore ask that the APA remove Section 1.02 , or any equivalent statement , in the APA Ethics Code and any other APA policy inconsistent with official military doctrine , professional military ethics , and the standards of international humanitarian law .
Lawrence P. Rockwood , PhD , Former Captain , US Army Counterintelligence
Author : Walking Away from Nuremberg : Just War and the Doctrine of Command Responsibility in the American Military Profession , 2007 , Amherst : University of Massachusetts Press , 2007 .
David C. MacMichael , Ph.D. , former senior estimates officer , National Security Council , former captain , USMC
Terrence Karney , Former Staff Sergeant , US Army : Interrogator , and Interrogation Instructor
Peter Weiss , Sergeant , Military Intelligence , 1945 , served as interrogator
of high - value German detainee in Nuremberg
Matthew Alexander , former senior interrogator for the U.S. military in Iraq ,
Author : How to Break a Terrorist , 2008 .
New York : Free Press .
David DeBatto , U.S. Army Counterintelligence Special Agent ( ret. )
C.B. Scott Jones , Ph.D. Commander , USN Retired .
South Asia Naval Intelligence , J - 2 U.S. European Command , Scientific and Technical Intelligence Analyst
Virenda Verma , M.Sc. , Col. , Indian Army Intelligence Retired .
Visiting Fellow Institute of Chinese Studies , Delhi .
India - Pakistan Soldiers Initiative for Peace , Founder .
Tibet Study Group , Founder and General Secretary .
Herbert Ely , Retired from Department of the Army , Senior Intelligence Analyst
Oils from Herbs and Spices to Replace Synthetic Pesticides
August 18th , 2009 by Bryan Nelson
Herbs and spices like thyme , rosemary and mint , usually used to flavor food , can also offer a green alternative to synthetic pesticides .
Research has shown that oils derived from the herbs interfere with insect nervous systems , causing them to spasm haphazardly until they die .
Best of all , these all - natural pesticides are inexpensive to produce .
[ social_buttons ]
Because these killer - spice oils have already been developed and produced widely for food flavoring and perfumes , it should be easy and cheap to get them on retail shelves for farmers in a short time .
Companies are already racing to get them out .
According to National Geographic , the plant oils repel insects in similar ways that chili peppers can repel elephants .
The oils work by disrupting an insect ’s cellular membranes , which causes fatal leakages of essential fluids .
They are most effective against smaller and soft - bodied pests , like whiteflies , spider mites and aphids , in part because smaller insects tend to have large surface areas relative to their internal volume and so become more exposed to the oils .
The killer spices are also more effective than synthetic pesticides in that they are developed by plants through the complicated interplay of natural selection , whereas synthetic pesticides are usually composed of simpler chemicals which bugs can adapt to more quickly .
The only downside to the killer spices is that they evaporate and degrade much quicker than synthetics , but when combined with their environmental advantages , and with the fact that they are potentially cheaper to produce , they ’re the clear winner .
Only one question remains unanswered for this curious writer :
If the natural pesticides are already being widely produced in the form of perfumes , why no word yet on replacing all those horribly - scented DEET - based insect repellents too ?
At the very least , it ’s possible the surface has only just been scratched on the potential of these killer spice oils .
Until then , the deeper scratches will have to be reserved for my mosquito bites .
Source : National Geographic
Image Credit : ZeHawk on Flickr under a CC License
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A new gel could make a “ vaginal condom ” that would physically entrap semen and anything it contains , including sperm and viruses such as HIV .
The gel is liquid as long as it is in contact with the acidity that is normal in a vagina , but will turn solid when it encounters semen , which is slightly alkaline .
Any particles wider than 50 nanometres – including sperm , HIV and other viruses such as the herpes virus and the papilloma virus , which causes cervical cancer – are trapped , so the gel could double up as both a protectant and a contraceptive .
Patrick Kiser , whose team developed the gel at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City , says that the objective is to give women in countries where HIV is rife a cheap way to protect themselves from viruses and pregnancy even if their partner is unwilling to wear a condom .
“ We did it to develop technologies that can enable women to protect themselves against HIV without the approval of their partner , ” says Kiser , whose team has only tested the gel in the lab so far .
Advertisement
By staining HIV particles with a fluorescent dye Kiser ’s team were able to show that the solidified gel halted and trapped the virus .
Drug boost
Kiser says it will be about three to five years before clinical trials begin .
In the meantime he hopes to make the gel more potent by impregnating it with an anti-HIV drug to kill trapped virus before the gel is washed out of the vagina .
He cautions that previous attempts at making microbicide gels to combat HIV have failed miserably .
One gel even increased the risk of infection , possibly by attracting protective white blood cells which ironically then get infected by the virus .
Journal reference : Advanced Functional Materials , DOI : 10.1002/adfm.200900757
NEW DELHI 
Two men and a woman convicted of bombing attacks in Mumbai in 2003 will be executed by hanging , an Indian court ruled Thursday .
More than 50 people were killed and about 200 were wounded in August 2003 when bombs in taxis exploded near the Gateway of India arch in downtown Mumbai , formerly Bombay , and in a crowded shopping district .
Indian investigators linked the bombs to the Pakistani militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba .
The same group has been blamed for the attacks last November in Mumbai that killed more than 160 people .
The three people sentenced to death on Thursday  Ashrat Shafiq Mohammed Ansari ; Syed Mohammed Haneef Abdul Rahim ; and his wife , Fahmeeda Syed Mohammed Haneef  were convicted of murder last month .
Investigators said they were also responsible for a third bomb planted on a bus in July 2003 , which killed two .
A daughter of Mr. Rahim and Ms. Haneef , Farheen Syed , also was charged in 2003 , but was later released .
The three plan to appeal the verdict to the Bombay High Court , their lawyers said .
It is generally held that approximately 4 to 10 % of any population is reportedly gay .
The number given varies based on different study methods and the fact not everyone will admit to being gay or bisexual when asked even in completely confidential surveys .
This percentage is extremely difficult to pinpoint accurately because there is often much social pressure to hide the fact people are gay by both some survey takers and the people themselves .
Added to that is the " soft " nature of defining " gay " - are we discussing purely 100 % gay or lesbian people who have never had a heterosexual experience or including bisexuals across the whole spectrum ( a single event , mostly straight , mostly gay ) ?
Are gay people who 've never had any sexual experience at all included ?
Are gay teens included or are they assumed " too immature to be counted " ?
How are closeted gays included , even if they refuse to say it to anyone ?
Their refusal to say it does n't make them not gay .
Depending on how an organization wants the numbers to come out they could fudge the calculations to give you a very low or high result .
Here are some quick calculations on the 40 or so most populous areas .
Remember these are just estimates : we 're using 7 % as an average ( halfway between 4 and 10 % ) .
This same percentage would apply equally to any city , state , province and even across time .
Some places , like bigger metropolitan cities , may have larger numbers of gay people due to migration to a more open locale but the innate population ( how many people are born in any place ) will generally stay pretty even at about 7 % gay .
How many gay men or lesbians ?
Figuring a specific " gay men " or " lesbians " percentage would basically just require splitting that 7 % in half to 3.5 % for each .
Some might argue there are fewer lesbians than gay men but that 's possibly due to a more difficult social situation for women to come out than an actual lower percentage .
Country Pop Estimate 7 %
World 6,706,993,152 469,489,521
China 1,330,044,544 93,103,118
India 1,147,995,904 80,359,713
European Union 491,018,683 34,371,308
United States 303,824,640 21,267,725
Indonesia 237,512,352 16,625,865
Brazil 196,342,592 13,743,981
Pakistan 172,800,048 12,096,003
Bangladesh 153,546,896 10,748,283
Nigeria 146,255,312 10,237,872
Russia 140,702,096 9,849,147
Japan 127,288,416 8,910,189
Mexico 109,955,400 7,696,878
Philippines 96,061,680 6,724,318
Vietnam 86,116,560 6,028,159
Ethiopia 82,544,840 5,778,139
Germany 82,369,552 5,765,869
Egypt 81,713,520 5,719,946
Turkey
71,892,808 5,032,497
Congo 66,514,504 4,656,015
Iran 65,875,224 4,611,266
Thailand 65,493,296 4,584,531
United Kingdom 60,943,912 4,266,074
Italy 58,145,320 4,070,172
South Africa
48,782,756 3,414,793
Korea , South 48,379,392 3,386,557
Burma
47,758,180 3,343,073
Ukraine 45,994,288 3,219,600
Colombia 45,013,672 3,150,957
Spain 40,491,052 2,834,374
Argentina 40,482,000 2,833,740
Sudan 40,218,456 2,815,292
Tanzania 40,213,160 2,814,921
Poland 38,500,696 2,695,049
Kenya 37,953,840 2,656,769
Morocco 34,343,220 2,404,025
Algeria 33,769,668 2,363,877
Canada 33,212,696 2,324,889
Afghanistan 32,738,376 2,291,686
Uganda 31,367,972 2,195,758
Nepal 29,519,114 2,066,338
Peru 29,180,900 2,042,663
Switzerland 7,581,520 530,706
( Country populations taken from the CIA World Fact Book based on the 2008 edition .
See links list below for source and to look up other countries )
Answer
Approximately one tenth of the human population is reportedly gay , which means about one out of every ten people is gay .
To get a more accurate answer you 'll need to find out what the population of the the country you 're interested in is and do the math .
An easier way is to see if there is a local GLBTQ center in your area and ask them if they have any statistics .
Whatever the answer though , you should know that the number you are given will probably be lower than the actual amount of gay people .
If you take in to account all of the homosexuals who are secret about it , and especially if you are including bisexuals , there may be a rather significant increase to the amount .
You just have to ignore that being gay is n't against the rules of god and the below paragraph will make sense !
Well , no , no one could make a paragraph that dumb logical .
The other could be correct ( may be i do n't know ) .
But , I can talk confidently of Ethiopia .
Let alone 5 million , there are not even 5000 gay people in Ethiopia .
Ethiopia is a very humble , orthodox country whose people 's obey the rule of God .
Do n't make fun of gays because they are very nice people until you make fun of them
------------
July 11th , 2013
all of the above is complete bullsht .
there 's no way 10 % of people are gay .
what was suggested is that up to 10 % of human population is genetically and epigenetically suitable to develop same - sex attraction .
this number includes bisexuals , transgenders and all the other variants .
think about it !
where would we all end up if there was 10 % of gays , 10 % of bisexuals , 10 % of transgenders , 10 % of zoophiliacs , 10 % of impotent people , 10 % of this and that ... the numbers are clearly blown way outside of any proportion in order to get things done .
a majority of people with the genetic suitability mentioned above do n't end up being gay .
this is why one of the identical twins may be gay and the other not .
studies are VERY unreliable and there 's no science behind them .
if it was n't so the numbers would n't vary from 0,5 % to 18 % !!!
if we say that anyone that had any same - sex encounter is gay than the number might be as high as 3 % .
if not , if only those that are having same - sex relationships than the number is 1 % - 2 % at most .
----------
Aug 18 2013
The previous reply seems rather aggressive and angry .
Also throwing out the ludicrous " 10 % of all possible groups " thing is illogical and besides , no one has made such a goofy claim .
The 1 - 2 % range is almost always pushed out by right wing groups intent on diminishing the validity of gays so please take that as offered .
Also , keep in mind that one can be utterly celibate or even 100 % straight in the " active sex department " ( ask all those gay fathers and mothers ) and still be gay .
Bottom line is NO ONE KNOWS FOR CERTAIN , not even angry 1 - 2 % man , and its unlikely to ever be know as there are still lots of people who will NEVER admit ( publicly or even to themselves ) that they are gay .
I would suggest a good ballpark is ~5 % , middlish between the minuscule 1 % and 10 % commonly given out .
Allen owes part of his Pied Piper success to his striking physicality and part to his athlete ’s confidence — he ’s easeful in his skin and , when not barking about nitrogen ratios , incongruously gentle .
He told me about his life one afternoon as we drove in his truck , which was sticky with soda and dusted with doughnut powder , to Merton , a suburb of Milwaukee where Growing Power leases a 30 - acre plot .
“ My father was a sharecropper in South Carolina , ” Allen said .
“ He was the eldest boy of 13 children , and he never learned to read . ”
In the 1930s , he moved near Bethesda , Md. “ My mother did domestic work , and my father worked as a construction laborer .
But he rented a small plot to farm . ”
Image Will Allen Credit ... Nigel Parry for The New York Times
A talented athlete , Allen was n’t allowed to practice sports until he finished his farm chores .
“ I had to be in bed early , and I thought , There ’s got to be something better than this . ”
For a while , there was .
Allen accepted a basketball scholarship from the University of Miami .
There , he married his college sweetheart , Cyndy Bussler .
After graduating , he played professionally , briefly in the American Basketball Association in Florida and then for a few seasons in Belgium .
In his free time , Allen would drive around the countryside , where he could n’t help noticing the compost piles .
“ I started hanging out with Belgian farmers , ” Allen said .
“ I saw how they did natural farming , ” much as his father had .
Something clicked in his mind .
He asked his team ’s management , which provided housing for players , if he could have a place with a garden .
Soon he had 25 chickens and was growing the familiar foods of his youth — peas , beans , peanuts — outside Antwerp .
“ I just had to do it , ” he said .
“ It made me happy to touch the soil . ”
On holidays , he cooked feasts for his teammates .
He gave away a lot of eggs .
After retiring from basketball in 1977 , when he was 28 , Allen settled with his wife and three children in Oak Creek , just south of Milwaukee , where Cyndy ’s family owned some farmland .
“ No one was using that land , but I had the bug to grow food , ” Allen said .
As his father did , Allen insisted that his children contribute to the household income .
“ We went right to the field at the end of the school day and during summer breaks , ” recalled his daughter , Erika Allen , who now runs Growing Power ’s satellite office in Chicago .
“ And let ’s be clear :
This was farm labor , not chores . ”
Allen grew food for his family and sold the excess at Milwaukee ’s farmers ’ markets and in stores .
Meanwhile , he worked as a district manager for Kentucky Fried Chicken , where he won sales awards .
“ It was just a job , ” he said .
“ I was aware it was n’t the greatest food , but I also knew that people did n’t have a lot of choice about where to eat : there were no sit - down restaurants in that part of the city . ”
In 1987 , Allen took a job with Procter & Gamble , where he won a marketing award for selling paper goods to supermarkets .
“ The job was so easy I could do it in half a day , ” he says now .
That left more time to grow food .
By now , Allen was sharing his land with Hmong farmers , with whom he felt some kinship after concluding that white shoppers were spurning their produce at the farmers ’ market .
Allen was also donating food to a local food pantry .
“ I did n’t like the idea of people eating all that canned food , that salty stuff . ”
When he brought in his greens , he said , “ it was the No. 1 item selected off that carousel — it was like you could n’t keep them in . ”
After a restructuring in 1993 , P&G shifted Allen to analyzing which products sold best in supermarkets .
He was good at that too : “ I won sales awards six times in one year . ”
CHONGQING , China ( CNN ) --
At the Chongqing Children 's Palace , experts are hoping to revolutionize child - rearing with the help of science .
About 30 children aged 3 to 12 years old and their parents are participating in a new program that uses DNA testing to identify genetic gifts and predict the future .
For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of camp .
more photos »
When Director Zhao Mingyou first heard about the technology earlier this year , he instantly knew it could be a success in China .
" Nowadays , competition in the world is about who has the most talent , " said Zhao .
" We can give Chinese children an effective , scientific plan at an early age . "
The test is conducted by the Shanghai Biochip Corporation .
Scientists claim a simple saliva swab collects as many as 10,000 cells that enable them to isolate eleven different genes .
By taking a closer look at the genetic codes , they say they can extract information about a child 's IQ , emotional control , focus , memory , athletic ability and more .
" For basketball , we can test for height and other factors , " said Dr. Huang Xinhua , a leading scientist on the project .
" We also test listening ability so that can tell us if ( the child ) might be talented at music . "
Would you be happy to test your child ?
Have your say
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
DNA testing has been used more widely to determine susceptibility to genetic disease .
The test can identify mutations in the genetic code that lead to certain disorders , allow patients to assess risk levels and decide whether they want preventative treatment .
For example , the test can identify cancer genes that may make a woman more likely to develop breast or ovarian cancer .
Some women have decided to have a mastectomy based on DNA test results and family history .
But according to Chinese scientists , this is the first time the test is being offered to children in China to help discover their natural talents .
For about $ 880 , Chinese parents can sign their kids up for the test and five days of summer camp in Chongqing , where the children will be evaluated in various settings from sports to art .
The scientific results , combined with observations by experts throughout the week , will be used to make recommendations to parents about what their child should pursue .
See photos of the summer camp and testing »
Dr. Huang said the testing can even help project careers down the road .
Examining one child 's results , he told CNN : " This child is very thoughtful and focused , so I suggest she go into management . "
Clinical psychologist Dr. Rob Blinn said the DNA test can be accurate but only " within a sort of limited field " and that results will not be " dramatic . "
" You 're not going to be able to predict that someone 's going to be like the next Einstein .
It 's more like this person may have an IQ that 's maybe 5 or 10 points greater than this other person because of the absence or presence of these particular genes , " he said .
Still , parents are convinced it will help their child .
It is no secret that China 's one - child policy often produces anxious and ambitious parents with high expectations for their only child .
" China is different from Western countries , " said Yang Yangqing , the lab 's technical director .
" There is only one child in our families so more and more parents focus on their children 's education and they want to give them the best education . "
Along with parents , the Chinese government is also interested in giving talented children an early start on their careers .
Children as young as two are regularly hand - picked by the government to represent China on the international stage .
Future gymnasts , musicians , and basketball players are sent to rigorous training camps and specialized sports schools , and sometimes paid a government salary .
There has been speculation China 's basketball hero , Yao Ming , was born of an arranged marriage between two well - known basketball players , in hopes of bearing an athletic superstar .
Yao and his family have denied these reports .
In an autobiography , Yao wrote that his parents actually discouraged him from playing the sport .
" My parents never wanted me to become a professional player , " Yao wrote .
" They wanted a better life for me . "
Yao did start playing when he was nine years old .
Three years later , he moved into Shanghai 's provincial sports academy where he lived and trained full time .
" My parents agreed only because playing basketball in a junior sports school can improve your chance of getting into college ; it counts as extra points on the college entrance exam . "
Yao 's family reportedly received special stipends from the government to purchase extra food .
His success story may well be on the minds of parents in Chongqing .
" It 's better to develop her talents earlier rather than later , " Chen Zhongyan said of her four - year - old daughter , who is attending the genetics camp .
" Now we can find when she is young , and raise her based on what her natural gifts are . "
Her daughter , Lai Hongni , has already shown a strong aptitude for dancing , while four - year - old twin boys Luo Lianzhao and Dong Liangtong appear to be good at drawing .
" This way we can really understand our kids , " said the twins ' father , Mr. Dong , referring to the program .
In the end , are these parents giving their kids a head start or taking a shortcut ?
Critics of the program said such analysis has frightening implications .
" Kids , especially at younger ages , they need to have fun , they need to enjoy themselves , they need to find meaning in life , " Dr. Blinn said .
" They need to have rich deep emotional interchange with their families and parents . "
" Whether it 's really good for a two - or three - year - old to be sent off to a camp to be genetically tested , you know , and put in this track so early in life , I have some real doubts about whether that 's in the child 's best interest , " Blinn added .
" It seems to be more in the parents ' best interest . "
But Chen Zhongyan said : " We only have good intentions for ( our daughter ) .
We think this will help her . "
It is fair to say many of the kids in Chongqing looked like they were having fun , whether they were jumping on ping pong tables , drawing or playing interactive games .
" I want to be the president of China , " said three - year - old girl , Liu Xiao Liao .
" Then people will be scared of me . "
It seems that some of children may have grand ambitions all of their own .
All About China • Science and Technology • Asia
In the not too distant past , my Uncle Sam was the envy of all .
Once upon a time , my Uncle Sam was once considered to be the most benevolent , the strongest , the most virtuous and the wealthiest figure in the neighborhood .
His life was once the poster child for self - determination and ingenuity .
The work ethic and pursuit of excellence exemplified by Uncle Sam inspired many of his flock to greatness .
On July 4th , 233 years ago , Uncle Sam was born and grew to near mythical status , due in large part to the fact that he enjoyed the tutelage of 56 benevolent and very wise fathers .
All fifty six of Uncle Sam ’s fathers signed their names to his birth certificate , thus pledging " to each other our Lives , our Fortunes and our sacred Honor " in the name of protecting and guiding dear Uncle Sam on a path to unparalleled greatness .
Many around the world have risked life and limb to come to Uncle Sam ’s home to share in the virtues and riches that he had so graciously bestowed upon the masses who dared to live his dream .
The keys to Uncle Sam ’s success were really quite simple .
He went for long daily walks to preserve his constitution .
Never a borrower or lender did he become .
He believed for the longest period of time that a “ Penny saved is a penny earned . ”
For the most part , Uncle Sam avoided draining and expensive quarrels with his neighbors .
He was vigilant in protecting his safety as exemplified by the fact that he never opened the door to unannounced strangers .
He once had a purpose and a vision for his life , while at the same time , with a few pitfalls , he attempted to respect the sovereignty of others while remaining fiercely independent .
Many felt that my favorite Uncle Sam might seemingly live forever as he continued to take great pride in taking good care of himself .
Alas , my dear Uncle Sam has fallen ill , very seriously ill .
The roof of his house has become laden with snow .
The tiles of his roof are pealing back and thereby revealing the sun with all of its blinding glare .
The foundation of Uncle Sam ’s house has grown weak and is seemingly not capable of supporting its own weight .
Uncle Sam ’s once mighty riches have evaporated as he has engaged in numerous , expensive and avoidable conflicts with his neighbors .
In a few short years , he has gone from being the most respected figure in the neighborhood , to the most despised .
His once generous nature has been replaced by an insatiable spirit of avarice , which has served to weaken his overall constitution and has tremendously dampened his resolve to muster the will to regain his good health .
The once strong doors , which formerly protected Uncle Sam ’s house , remain permanently flung open which has allowed many of his poorer neighbors and former business associates the opportunity to ransack the house of its once proud riches .
Today , Uncle Sam is on life support and has slipped into a coma while all that he has built continues to crumble .
Can Uncle
Sam be saved from what seems to be his inevitable fate ?
The better question may be , can Uncle Sam return to the healthy habits that once made him the envy of all who knew him ?
Or , is it too late ?
Even if Uncle Sam were to regain a measure of his health , there are the multitudes of creditors that he has no chance of repaying .
Indeed , if he cannot pay his bills , will his present caretakers simply pull the plug on his life support ?
Has our dearest Uncle Sam reached the tipping point of his demise while all who have depended on him race for the exits of the house while desperately trying to grab all that they can carry ?
With every ending comes a new beginning .
While there are some who hopelessly mourn for the condition of Uncle Sam , we see a number of individuals who are not overwhelmed by what Uncle Sam became , but are instead devoted to the once noble ideals exemplified by my once great uncle .
Whether this resurgence of freedom comes from a country doctor in Texas or a brave veteran who is throwing his hat into the political ring of fire , there many who are not wasting their time trying to revive my soon - to - be - late uncle .
Rather , they are breathing life into a new REVOLUTION similar to what my uncle and his 56 fathers were able to accomplish 233 years ago .
While we understandably grieve for Uncle Sam , we can celebrate the rising of the Phoenix in Santa Fe , New Mexico , this weekend , if we only can make ourselves see the tremendous opportunity that is just waiting for the masses to grab a hold of .
There is hope , for when we change the way we look at things , the things that we look at change .
God bless America and those who give so much to the cause of freedom .
Happy Independence Day !
Dear Ubuntu fans , we are proud to announce that , as of this morning , Canonical added a brand - new X - based boot splash , which will be present in the upcoming Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) operating system , due for release on October 29th .
xplash is the package in charge of the new boot splash and it is a userspace software that uses the X interface to draw a splash screen at boot before the desktop loads .
See the video below to see it in action !
Softpedia is once again the first website to offer you a preview of the new artwork , which will probably be present in the final release of Ubuntu 9.10 .
Well , we 've tested it on two 19 " Samsung LCDs and a 19 " DELL one , and it looks and acts pretty good , without flickering .
The idea is to completely replace the existing boot method with a flicker - free one .
The graphical boot splash is designed to run on top of the X.
Org Server and not Usplash !
A graphical operating system switcher will also be present during the boot sequence , accessible by pressing the ESC key ( see the second video for a mockup of this feature ) .
The new X - based boot splash in Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) 20090827 Daily Build
Ubuntu 9.10 boot animation test
On October 29th , Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) will become the 11th release of the Ubuntu operating system .
Among some of the interesting features that will be present in Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) , we can mention the lightweight and powerful GNOME 2.28 desktop environment , which brings lots and lots of improvements in many areas , such as Empathy , Evolution , GNOME Control Center , GNOME Media , GNOME Power Manager , and many more .
Karmic 's kernel packages will be based on the latest version of the unreleased Linux kernel 2.6.31 , which will offer improved support for webcam or wireless devices , and new filesystems .
Moreover , applications such as OpenOffice.org 3.1.1 , The GIMP 2.6 , Mozilla Firefox 3.5 , Mozilla Thunderbird 2 , Transmission 1.7 or Pidgin 2.6 ( not as default IM client ) will also be present in the final version of Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) , due for release in late October this year !
Do n't forget to visit our website next Thursday for a detailed report on the Ubuntu 9.10 Alpha 5 release , where we will unveil more of Karmic 's new features !
The Division of Sleep Medicine is a Harvard - wide community of sleep scientists , clinicians and educators dedicated to developing and sustaining premier research , clinical and education programs in sleep and circadian biology .
Towards these goals , the Division works to foster collaboration and interaction among its members by sponsoring educational programs related to research , clinical practice and public awareness in sleep and circadian biology .
Additionally , it supports the training of new sleep and circadian scientists , and clinicians .
It ’s an old trick : the radical faction , devoid of boundaries of politeness and decorum , blasts forward into the darkness , doing what needs to be done for a cause .
In this case , the impending shutdown of Geocities , a site of much derision but also one of great historical value , relatively speaking .
Meanwhile , a second faction , related and conspiring with the radical faction , but putting on the legitimate and respectful face , goes in through the front door to speak reasonably with all the right parties , hoping that rightness will rule the day .
Radical faction refuses to think this is the case , but agrees it ca n’t possibly hurt .
So I ’m happy to say that Archive Team member Steve Webb , with tireless effort and patience , has gotten the attention of Yahoo and archive.org ( which Archive Team is NOT associated with in any way ) and they are all working together now to crawl Geocities .
This is hugely great news .
Here ’s the Archive .
Org Geocities Page .
As you can see you can both browse what they ’ve downloaded and suggest sites they have n’t downloaded yet .
Ca n’t really argue with that !
The shout - 0ut to Archive Team is appreciated too .
Along with this information came official words from Geocities / Yahoo themselves about the whole deal .
They also have given a firm shutdown date : October 26 , 2009 .
I still hold out judgment as to whether this is the actual time it will go down ; after all this is Yahoo we ’re dealing with and they could pull the plug at any time .
But with the active attempts to get people to move over to Yahoo hosting and generally buy into some pay stuff , this turns the site into a potential moneymaker and it may very well last to that date .
The radical faction will assume the worst , of course .
The internal mails I got to see do n’t make it clear , but it ’s obvious that some of this magic has happened as a result of the efforts of George Oates , who was booted uncermoniously and shittily by Yahoo and who landed on her feet at archive.org .
I ’m sure her hand played a part in this .
Also , Yahoo can’t , really , reveal “ the list ” of all the URLs of what ’s on Geocities .
Private information , say , directories where people stuck stuff and then never linked to it in an obvious fashion , ca n’t be given out .
So we ’re still doing our best to track these down through our various methods , and will continue to do so .
At whatever time Geocities ultimately floats upside down at the top of the Internet tank , we ’ll see what we were ultimately able to save .
Meanwhile , while we were doing this important work , 30 years of history , in the form of Compuserve , was suddenly shut down by AOL .
Just .
Like .
That .
Anyone who has information or archives they want to help get online or saved or otherwise copied out , please feel free to contact me or general Archive Team members .
The fight goes on .
Share this :
Share
Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Categorised as : computer history
Comments are disabled on this post
Red , White and Bud ?
What does your man 's beer choice say about him ?
Based on intense scientific research —er , years of observation — here 's what we think :
Bud / Bud Light — The everyman .
What does n't go well with Bud Light ?
Hard to come up with an answer , right ?
Bud Light is the beer for guys who like beer .
You want a beer that will make your face hurt ?
Grab a Bud .
It may not go down as smooth as some other beers out there ( Miller Lite anyone ? ) but if you 're a real man , you can handle it .
In a relationship , our observation is that a Bud man is a man 's man .
He might favor traditional gender roles , but the Bud Man is nothing if not dependable .
Why He Didn't Call You Back : LIVE !
Red Stripe — The jet - setter .
If a man goes for a Red Stripe , Guinness or the like , he likes to think outside of the box .
Instead of drinking beer to drink beer ( or simply to get drunk ) this man has a beer because he likes the taste of it .
The drinker could just have easily gone for a good scotch , but instead selected this beer .
This guy is always up for an adventure but may be slightly detached emotionally or easily distracted .
10 Simple Things Women Want
Blue Moon
— The trendy guy .
Blue Moon is the beer guys drink when they think they should grow up and stop drinking Bud .
While the Blue Moon man can be wrapped up in appearances , he still has a good deal of confidence ( " yeah , my beer has an orange slice in it , what of it ? " ) and would be a good partner in a relationship .
The keyword there is partner because he would n't be put off by a tough gal and relishes someone who will challenge him .
Watch : How To Train Your Man
Corona — The partier .
Sign Up for the YourTango Newsletter Let 's make this a regular thing !
Corona is a beer for a fun-loving guy .
Who does n't love a beer you jam a piece of fruit into and drink straight from the bottle ?
Whether it 's Cinco de Mayo or a backyard cookout , the guy with the Corona is probably double - fisting them and having the time of his life .
He 's also probably a fast and fun lover — just as likely to make love under a table as in the bedroom .
Expect a wild time from this man .
" If you could read my mind , love , what a tale my thoughts could tell " -- Gordon Lightfoot
Can neuroscience read people 's minds ?
Some researchers , and some new businesses , are banking on a brain imaging technique known as functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to reveal hidden thoughts , such as lies , truths or deep desires .
New research by neuroscientists at UCLA and Rutgers University provides evidence that fMRI can be used in certain circumstances to determine what a person is thinking .
At the same time , the research suggests that highly accurate " mind reading " using fMRI is still far from reality .
The research is scheduled to be published in the October 2009 issue of the journal Psychological Science .
In the study , 130 healthy young adults had their brains scanned in an MRI scanner at UCLA 's Ahmanson - Lovelace Brain Mapping Center while they performed one of eight mental tasks , including reading words aloud , saying whether pairs of words rhyme , counting the number of tones they heard , pressing buttons at certain cues and making monetary decisions .
The scientists calculated how accurately they could tell from the fMRI brain scans which mental task each participant was engaged in .
" We take 129 of the subjects and apply a statistical tool to learn the differences among people doing these eight tasks , then we take the 130th person and try to tell which of the tasks this person was doing ; we do that for every person , " said lead study author Russell Poldrack , a professor of psychology who holds UCLA 's Wendell Jeffrey and Bernice Wenzel Term Chair in Behavioral Neuroscience .
" It turns out that we can predict quite well which of these eight tasks they are doing , " he said .
" If we were just guessing , we would get it right about 13 percent of the time .
We get it right about 80 percent of the time with our statistical tool .
It 's not perfect , but it is quite good -- but not nearly good enough to be admissible in court , for example .
" Our study suggests that the kinds of things that some people have talked about in terms of mind reading are probably still pretty far off , " Poldrack said .
" If we are only 80 percent accurate with eight very different thoughts and we want to figure out what you 're thinking out of millions of possible thoughts , we 're still very far away from achieving that . "
Poldrack 's study is one of the first to show that neuroscientists can make these kinds of predictions on new people , whose brain patterns the researchers have never seen before .
In most previous studies , researchers made predictions about a person 's mental state after having already studied that person 's brain to understand its particular patterns .
" Our study indicates that different people 's brains work very similarly , " Poldrack said .
" We often tend to focus on how different each person 's brain is , but our study suggests that most healthy people 's brains work in very similar ways ; otherwise , this approach would n't work .
" We can tell a lot about what you 're thinking using functional MRI , even though we have never seen your brain before , " he said .
" However , it is limited in that there are only eight things that we are letting you think about in this study . "
The tools used in this research come from a scientific field known as machine learning , which is related to statistics and computer science , said Poldrack , who noted that this technology is heavily employed by companies like Amazon to predict what people will buy based on their previous purchases .
Nearly 10 years ago , neuroscientists showed that if they take brain images with fMRI while people look at different objects , such as faces , houses and chairs , they can use the tools of machine learning to predict with high accuracy what object the subjects are looking at -- if the scientists first know from studying brain activity how each subject 's brain responds to those objects .
###
Co-authors on the research are Yaroslav Halchenko , a graduate student in psychology at Rutgers University , and Stephen Jose Hanson , a faculty member in psychology at Rutgers University .
The research was funded by the U.S. Office of Naval Research and the James S. McDonnell Foundation .
UCLA is California 's largest university , with an enrollment of nearly 38,000 undergraduate and graduate students .
The UCLA College of Letters and Science and the university 's 11 professional schools feature renowned faculty and offer more than 323 degree programs and majors .
UCLA is a national and international leader in the breadth and quality of its academic , research , health care , cultural , continuing education and athletic programs .
Four alumni and five faculty have been awarded the Nobel Prize .
For more news , visit the UCLA Newsroom or follow us on Twitter .
The Spectator Lecture , Royal Geographical Society , presented in London 30th April 2009
Here we are .
Gathered together in the very lecture theatre where Henry Morton Stanley once told an enraptured world of his momentous meeting with Dr. Livingstone .
Charles Darwin was a member and gave talks in this same hall .
Sir Richard Burton lectured here and John Hanning Speke … spoke .
Shackleton and Hillary displayed their intimate frostbite scars to a spellbound RGS audience .
Explorers , adventurers and navigators have been coming here for the best part of 180 years to tell of their discoveries .
If only at school , geography teachers , surely the most scoffed and pilloried class of pedagogue there is , if only they had concentrated less on rift valleys , trig points and the major exports of Indonesia and more on the fact that Geography could promise a classy royal society with the sexiest lecture theatre in the land – if only they had done that , then maybe cheap stand - up comedians and lazy cultural commentators would be less routinely scornful of geography teachers as a class and geography itself as a discipline , which is one I rather unfashionably enjoyed when I was young .
Do n’t ask me why .
Actually , now that I think of it , one reason for me to be fond of the subject was the circumstance that in my prep school geography room there were piles and piles of shiny yellow National Geographic Magazines available for skimming through .
These , with their glossy advertisements for Chesterfield cigarettes , Cadillac sedans and Dimple whisky , gave me my first view outside television of what America might be like .
But there was another reason religiously to scan the magazines …
National Geographic , before it became a ‘ brand ’ best known for an imbecilic and embarrassing suite of digital TV channels , was – thanks to its anthropological coverage in a pre-internet , pre-channel 4 , pre-top shelf age – the only place where a curious boy could look at full colour pictures of naked people .
For that alone it deserves the thanks of generations .
One did get the false impression that many peoples of the world had protuberances shaped exactly like a gourd , but never mind .
National Geographic made films too , and at my school these would be run through an old Bell and Howell projector by the geography masters to keep us quiet and to give them time to beetle off and pursue their amorous liaisons with matron or the whisky bottle , depending on which teacher it was .
‘ Fry , you ’re in charge , ’ they would never say on their way out .
But what strange films they left us to watch .
I seem to recall that the subjects were usually logging in Oregon , the life cycle of the beaver or the excitements to be found in the National Parks of Montana and Wyoming .
Very blue skies , lots of spruce , larch and pine and plenty of plaid shirtings .
The unreliable speed of that hot and dusty old Bell and Howell rendered the soundtrack and its music flat then sharp then flat again in rolling waves of discord , but it was the commentators that gave me raptures with their magisterially rich and rolling American rhetoric .
What a peculiar way with language they had , employing poetical tricks that had been out of date a hundred years earlier .
My favourite was the ‘ be -’ game .
If a word usually began with the prefix ‘ be -‘ it was taken off .
Thus ‘ beneath ’ became ‘ neath ’ and so on .
But the ‘ be ’ of ‘ beneath ’ was n’t simply thrown away .
No no .
It was recycled by adding it to words it had no business being anywhere near .
Which would result in preposterous declamatory orotundities of this nature : “ Neath the bedappled verdure of the mighty sequoia , sinks the bewestering sun , ” and so forth .
And what is the proper name for this rhetorical trope , also much deployed ?
It would start with the usual ‘ be -‘ nonsense : “ Neath becoppered skies bewends … ” but then this “ the silver ribbon of time that is the Colorado River . ”
The weird and senseless maze of metonym and metaphor that was National Geographic Speak in all its besplendour was a great influence on me , for where others had rock and roll music , I had language .
This is all a way of saying how pleased I am to be delivering this talk , this first ever Speccie Leccie , here in the temple , the palace , the very headquarters of geography .
But it ’s no good skirting the issue .
This is not only an honour , it is also a great surprise .
Not only to me , I would venture to suggest , but to the preponderance of Spectator readers around the land too .
In fact not so much a surprise , more a deeply unpleasant shock .
Acquit me of false modesty when I state that I take it as certain that when Mr. D’Ancona , the Spectator ’s sappy young editor , announced to his readers ( and I dare say to his staff ) that he had chosen me to deliver the inaugural lecture there were many horrified screeches of startled disbelief and agonized howls of apoplectic protest .
Surely persons such as I are exactly what the Spectator holds itself foursquare against ?
Am I not just about the Platonic form , paradigm and pattern card of everything the magazine was put on this earth to dispraise , damn and destroy ?
I am a crew member of that ship of fools , the sneering liberal elite , a cheerleader of the chattering classes , a loathsome Labour luvvie , a champagne socialist a – goddammit – a celebrity , a twittering celebrity dripping with the sickening syrup of popular culture , political correctness and nauseating kneejerk liberalism that is the leading symptom if not the primary cause of our national decay .
It is as if all nature conspired to make a living suppurating mass , a walking purulent bolus compounded of all the poison and pus that oozes and weeps from the sores of today ’s Britain and gave it legs , life and a name .
Stephen Fry. Lo. Gaze upon him .
Know your enemy .
And it is he , he of all people , who has been chosen to give the inaugural Spectator Lecture .
Eheu fugaces : o tempora o mores .
Ichabod .
The glory is departed .
I exaggerate , the kinder of you may say .
But I repeat , without rancour if not entirely without rue , that I know this to be the case , because I know my country .
I know the tribes of Britain .
I have seen fifty summers , and during the course of my life I have long been fascinated this side obsession by the caste , class and clans of my people .
We may not wear physical gourds on our intimate persons , but we certainly wear notional ones , and our war dances , face paints , initiation rituals , fetishes , tattoos , taboos and blood feuds are no less fascinating to the anthropologist than those of the tribespeople of Papua New Guinea .
But as Kipling wrote and Billy Bragg repeated , what do they of England know that only England know ?
My travels in the last year or so have taken me to Mexico , Brazil , Malaysia , Madagascar , Uganda , Kenya , New Zealand , Indonesia and , more importantly for this occasion , to every one of the 50 states of the USA .
I was in America for the run up to the presidential election , but for the ballot itself I was in Kenya , the homeland of course of Barack Obama ’s father .
I asked a Kenyan with whom we were working whether he was pleased that America looked to be about to have its first black president , and one of Kenyan extraction at that ?
‘ Very pleased , ’ he replied .
‘ But you must remember Mr. Obama ’s mother is of European extraction .
If Barack Obama had stayed here and been elected as our leader , he could have become Kenya ’s first white president . ’
My love affair with America began – began where ?
Perhaps with the berolling bevalleys of betwattled absurdity that were the National Geographic films , perhaps with the lifestyle advertisements in those National Geographic magazines , perhaps with Wagon Train , Rawhide and The Lone Ranger or with Bewitched , Dick van Dyke and Lucille Ball on television .
Not , with rock and roll I ’m afraid .
Elvis never did much for me , apostasy as I ’m sure it is to confess .
Nor did Blues or Jazz or R&B at that time .
Certainly not Steve McQueen .
I have always disliked cool .
For me it is simply another word for cold .
But Spenser Tracey , James Stewart , Cary Grant , Humphrey Bogart , James Cagney , Fred Astaire , Gene Kelly , Bette Davis , Joan Crawford and Katherine Hepburn – they certainly helped me fall in love with America .
Although to be honest gangsters , cowboys , dancers and movie stars were n’t , as they were for so many , the real pull .
A major influence on me was P. G. Wodehouse .
He adored America and ended his life a proud US citizen .
He first went in Edwardian days when , as he later recalled , you could simply pop into a shipping line office in Cockspur Street , buy a ticket and be on the boat train to Southampton in an instant .
No nonsense about passports and visas .
Everything Wodehouse wrote about the energy , vivacity , warmth , welcome and excitement of America thrilled me and I vowed to go there myself as soon as I could .
I little thought that one day I would have a Manhattan apartment of my own , a green card and even be made a Kentucky Colonel .
It ’s true .
One does n’t like to boast , but Steve Beshear , the Governor of the State – actually the Commonwealth of Kentucky – bestowed that rank upon me , uniquely in the gift of Kentucky , last year .
Unlike Harland Sanders of Fried Chicken fame , who was accorded the same title , I do n’t use it .
But if you choose to call me Colonel Fry I shall certainly answer and with pride .
But all this lay ahead of me in a future I could not possibly imagine .
I had American family too .
Those from my mother ’s side who survived the horrors of the holocaust went to Israel or America or both .
All that is , except for my mother ’s parents who chose to make their home here in England .
American relations would descend into our drab early 60s British world of grey weather , grey trousers and grey attitudes dripping colourful slacks , pants and jackets , sparkling jewels , thrilling cameras , perfumed furs and expensive tchotchkes of all kinds .
They brought these treasures to us in Pan - Am or TWA overnight bags or ‘ grips ’ that also contained thrilling trophies of their jet travel : miniature salt cellars and pepper pots , paper napkins bearing the airline ’s crest and foil sachets that held moist lemon - scented cleansing squares , or ‘ handy freshen - up wipettes ’ of unimaginably exotic strangeness and wonder .
Over these precious souvenirs my brother and I would fight like wild beasts .
Back home in the states , as my Yankee cousins made clear by their astonishment at our conspicuous lack of them , they had ice machines , air conditioning , stereo sets and colour televisions .
Damn it , in Britain even our TV was grey .
In my eyes my American cousins were little short of gods : their basketball sneakers shamed my plimsolls , their t- shirts laughed at my short - sleeved air - tex and their Levi jeans made a blushing disgrace of my bagged corduroys .
The details of suburban American living I think excited me more than the mythology of the West or of Chicago ’s South Side or of the surfers of Santa Monica .
I liked trying to understand what bake - offs , yard sales , drive - in movies and spelling bees were , what sophomores and semesters might be and what homecoming queens and commencement and proms and Spring Break and Elks and Shriners and pledge rings and trick or treat could possibly portend .
All this obsession might well have derived from the fact that I was so very nearly born an American myself .
In the mid 1950s my father , a physicist fresh from Imperial College , was offered a job at Princeton University – something to do with the emerging science of semiconductors .
One of the reasons he turned it down was that he did n’t think he liked the idea of his children growing up as Americans .
This sprang not from a dislike of America so much as a disinclination , I must suppose , from having “ Gee dad ” directed at him over breakfast .
Breakfast which would have been constituted of grahams or granola or creamed wheat or even hominy grits – the eggs would have been sunny side up or over easy and maple syrup would have been poured over Canadian bacon and link sausages : there would have been cream cheese .
Not cream cheese , but cream cheese , that ’s how they said it in America .
There would have been stacks too of buckwheat buttermilk pancakes , waffles , bagels and blueberry muffins .
There would have been fresh orange juice and Hershey ’s chocolate milk and … but , no it was not to be .
Thanks to my father ’s decision I was born no t in America , but in England and my parents would be forever Papa and Mama or Father and Mother but never Dad and Mom and it was Force Wheat Flakes , Scott ’s Porage Oats , boiled eggs and soldiers for brekker and the orange juice was prepared from frozen concentrate , just as our emotions , it seemed to me , also derived from frozen concentrate .
I was only told years later , when I was 10 , about this opportunity my father had had to go to Princeton .
This startling intelligence had quite an effect on me .
I have written in the introduction to the book you lucky , lucky people have been presented with by the all - benevolent Spectator , I have written that the idea of having come so close to being American caused me to imagine a whole other self , the American I would have , should have become , a personage I dubbed Steve .
I accorded Steve with almost magical powers and wealth .
He could drive by the time he was 16 , he wore Converse sneakers and Wrangler jeans , he ate hamburgers , whatever they were and drank cream sodas whatever they were from a bendy straw – even bendy straws were exotic in my country childhood .
Only one place in Norwich had them .
I grew up in a large house with gardeners , staff , a fireplace in every room and people to lay and light them , yet I felt like the most deprived child in the world compared to Steve .
Steve was confident and happy and strong and secure in exactly the way that I was unconfident , unhappy , weak and insecure .
He spoke in a sweet , lazy and sexy drawl .
He was better looking , better nourished and better liked than I was .
I longed to be him .
He was American .
I had fallen in love with America and could not wait to get there .
Of course falling in love with America almost always suggests falling in love with the idea of America , a phrase that makes little sense if you substitute the word ‘ Britain ’ for ‘ America ’ and suggest ‘ the idea of Britain ’ .
Britain does not present itself to the world or to its own citizens as an idea , an ongoing project , a work in progress in the way that America still so emphatically does .
And I would not want you to think that my love of America meant contempt or estrangement from Britain .
No one , I think , could accuse me of adopted American mannerisms , or being somehow unEnglish .
Indeed if I had a gold sovereign for every time I have been told that I am ‘ quintessentially English ’
I would have enough gold sovereigns to stuff in a sock and knock the next person who told me that into violent unconsciousness …
For what is quintessential Englishness ?
Warm beer and the vicar on his bike on the way to a cricket match ?
Saturday night drinking and vomiting is surely more representative ?
Jade and Di worship ?
Club 18 - 30 ?
The Garrick Club ?
Reality TV ?
Pub quizzes ?
Dr Who ?
Mean - spirited , hypocritical and opinionated newspaper columnists ?
Some people might say Agatha Christie and Winston Churchill are as British as you can get without falling over in a faint and yet both Churchill and Christie , as it happens , were half American .
So what is quintessentially American ?
Apple pie or Apple computers ?
Walmart or Wall Street ?
Trump Towers or Twin Towers ?
Jimmi Hendrix or Jimmy Stewart ?
Opportunity or opportunism ?
Small town courtesy or small - minded bigotry .
Hearty milk and cookies or Harvey Milk and hookers .
Blue collars , red necks , white supremacy or black power ?
The Simpsons or The Waltons , Family values or Family Guy , Holly Golightly or Hollywood , Penn State or the State Pen or Sean Penn , the right to life or the right to electrocute , capitalism or capital crimes , poncey dreams or Ponzi schemes , Nobel prize winners or ignoble price fixers , a country that can land men on the moon and yet has a majority who believe that angels walk amongst us – I suppose we could play this game of opposites for ever for I do not know a single thing that can be said about America whose reverse is not also true .
It is a land of opportunity and yet there are more seventeen year old black youths in prison than in college .
It is a land of freedom where in many states you ca n’t buy fireworks or alcohol or cross the street as a pedestrian where you please and where children ’s books are banned and educational material suppressed if they do not square with some religious dogma or other .
It is a land of church - going traditionalists and a land of freaks and fancies .
A nation founded in revolution where radicalism is next to Satanism .
A land of industry where indolence has created an epidemic of obesity whose walking examples , or waddling examples I should say , have to be seen to be believed .
One country riven by a depth of mutual bipartisan enmity , loathing and distrust that threatens entirely to divide it into two and propel the nation into a new Civil War .
However much Britain may be divided along tribal lines , it is as nothing when compared to America .
The reciprocated antipathy is intense and seems irreconcilable .
Did the election of Obama heal that fissure ?
Briefly seal it perhaps , but certainly not heal it .
A hundred days later it all seems to be opening up again as wide as ever and anyone who watches Fox News will know that as far as President Obama ’s political enemies are concerned the honeymoon was over before the garbled vows were out of the bridegroom ’s mouth : the United States were soon disunited all over again .
But that is not my subject today .
Just two days ago President Obama announced that he was aiming for a Federal science and research budget that would represent 3 % of America ’s output .
I ’ll quote him in full : “ I believe it is not in our character , American character , to follow — but to lead .
And it is time for us to lead once again .
I am here today to set this goal : we will devote more than 3 percent of our GDP to research and development . ”
Heaven knows I could n’t be more pleased to hear that .
When he mentioned science in his inaugural address I cheered too .
Those who cheer the opposite , those who cheer the sweeping back of the achievements of the enlightenment , those who believe they are doing god ’s and the family ’s work by defying relativism and re-asserting absolutism they may boo , but I do not .
But let ’s look at for me the most interesting part of the President ’s statement .
This strikes , I think , at the heart of the juicy mixture of beguiling paradoxes , ambiguities and contradictions that distinguishes all things American , whether that mixture will emulsify or curdle is perhaps the question of our age .
The title of my lecture is supposed to be America ’s Place In The World ( and I may as well confess here and now that Mr D’Ancona made it up , handed it to me and printed out the fliers before I had a chance to consider what I wanted to lecture on .
But that ’s fine .
Easier to respond to a clear commission than to start from a blurred blankness ) .
The US President has answered the question for me .
America ’s place in the world , it seems , is in the van .
At the front .
Leading , not following .
Well , in terms of international policy , peace - keeping , policing and global influence this may still be true .
But I cannot speak to abstracts domestic or international , nor to policy and strategy , nor would you want me to : I can only speak to concrete and observable entities such as I perceive them .
Is it in the American character , not to follow , but to lead ?
With the not insignificant exception of the Native American Indians and most of the black population , America is comprised of the descendants of men and women who at some point over the last three hundred years or so wanted to improve their lives .
They left their miserable shtetls and peasant hovels and urban slums and blighted potato fields and sailed the Atlantic .
‘ We can do better , ’ they said as one .
‘ Sod Europe . ’
They were animated by a restless desire to move on and make something of their lives .
We can do better .
A belief in improvability is written into the gene pool of their descendants , today ’s Americans .
Belief itself is imprinted there .
Eugenics may be a discredited science , in fact it is not a science at all , but I think even if one cannot accurately isolate and calibrate the physical genetic difference between those Europeans who chose to move and those who chose to stay , one can state with some assurance that whatever the genotype at least the characteristics of the cultural and social phenotype are distinctive .
Itchy feet .
Ambition .
Improvability .
Belief .
We Europeans , on the other hand , we are descended from those who said , ‘ Oh well , could be worse , I suppose .
Not getting into one of those nasty ships and going to a new world .
Typical of uppity cousin Frank to think he can just march off and start again .
Who does he think he is ?’
Anyone who has visited an American bookshop will know that far and away the biggest section is devoted to self - help and the literature of Improvability across business , health , psychotherapy , dieting and love life .
From How To Win Friends and Influence People , by way of 10 Things They Did n’t Teach Chicken Soup for Martian Men Without Tears it has grown into a genre worth billions .
I will readily admit that the virus has reached our shores and that the shelving real estate devoted to this kind of literature is increasing year by year in British bookstores too , but it is quite clearly a US phenomenon and represents a deep part of the American belief that there is a technique to everything , that anyone and everyone can improve .
Preaching is imprinted into the cultural DNA too .
All this suggests a , to me , intriguing , historical and theological connection between America and certain protestant precepts of preaching and biblical exegesis and doctrines of improvability and works as opposed to the Higher Church , Anglo - catholic and Romish practices of ritual and ceremony and doctrines of original sin and submission .
Politically this translates into the uncontroversial , I hope , conclusion that America was a Whig creation , not a Tory .
Of course Whiggism per se no longer exists as a political force and Tories might , at first glance , think themselves the natural progenitors of America , for the word Tory is now associated with a belief in free markets and a dislike of big government , principles that strike an obvious chord across the Atlantic .
But Tory , as I ’m sure you know , originally referred to factions of Romish and high Anglican Jacobites with a distinct belief in the divine right of kings and a loathing of that entirely Protestant and Whig project , the Glorious Revolution and its 1689 Bill of Rights .
With its phrases about ‘ cruel and unusual punishment ’ , its insistence on the Commons and Lords having the right over the sovereign to raise money to fight wars , its reaffirmation of Magna Carta with a new emphasis on an independent judiciary – with all that , the text of the Bill of Rights reads like a rough draft of the American Constitution .
Indeed throughout the document you could take the words ‘ King ’ and ‘ Parliament ’ and substitute them with the words ‘ President ’ and ‘ Congress ’ and you would swear it was the US Constitution you were reading .
So a nation founded politically on seventeenth century early Whig principles , as well as on those of Locke and then of Voltaire and Tom Payne .
Founded somewhere on the broad spectrum of Protestantism : from the infrared of doctrinally mild churchmanship at one end to Puritanism , Levellers , Shakers , Quakers and various ultraviolet shades of dissenting sect at the other .
The enlightenment , a work ethic , a belief in improvability , a reluctance to bow the knee to hierarchical authorities .
Empiricism , rationalism and improvability working together as seen in the life and works of Franklin and Jefferson , the pursuit of happiness , a mission of self - amelioration and moving on , Manifest Destiny , the pioneer and the frontiersman , Horace Greely ’s famous ‘ Go West , Young Man ’ and the railway barons and millionaires and financiers .
The Almighty Dollar was born .
But the culture and literature of self - help and improvability is riddled with contradictions .
On the one hand such books claim to release and empower , and on the other they promise a solution , a technique , a methodology that must be followed , adhered to , obeyed .
Americans flock to these manuals and courses out of what seems to us a propensity not to lead or to think for themselves but precisely the opposite , from a naïve , trusting propensity to follow that would be charming in its ingenuousness if it did not strike us as so gullible in its credulity .
The solutions and methodologies contained in the wiseacre effusions of these repulsive life coaches are usually reducible to that very American precept : “ If life gives you lemons , make lemonade ” .
This could almost be the very motto of the United States .
It seems so perfect , so ingenious , so satisfying .
To understand its full meaning you have first to be aware that ‘ lemonade ’ to an American represents more than just a drink : according to the pleasingly cosy mythology of small - town America a child ’s first experience of the enterprise economy traditionally comes when they set up a lemonade stand in the road outside their house .
You and I might have made a cake for the village fete or raised pennies for the guy , but Bart and Lisa will set up a lemonade stall at which kindly disposed adults stop and spend a few quarters , nodding their heads in benevolent approval at the reassuring signs of good old American entrepreneurialism in the next generation .
So – ‘ when life gives you lemons , make lemonade ’ is not just a way of saying make the best of a bad job , it is really a call to enterprise , initiative , self - help and finding ways to transform a disappointment into a dollar .
Turn a problem into a challenge , a challenge into an opportunity , blah - di - blah di-blah .
Welcome to the world of the business self - help book and life coach course , the world of observations so bowel - shatteringly trite , so arse - paralysingly obvious , so ball - bouncingly commonplace they make your nose bleed .
A world where banality , venality and cracker barrel philosophising combine with outrageous pseudo - science , greasy false promises and grotesque opportunism .
Business and lifestyle books of this nature synthesise the Phineas T. Barnum snake - oil huckster on the one hand and the Elmer Gantry homiletic exegete on the other .
For the protestant tradition is one of adherence to the text .
For the religious that text is the thumped bible that promises riches stored up in heaven , for the mercantile it is a book that promises riches stored up on earth .
Conveniently these days , the bible thumpers happily square their circle and manage to offer riches in both realms , despite what would appear to be a repeated and unequivocal insistence against such a possibility by their religion ’s founder .
In either case to the outside observer it looks like a case of one being born every minute …
Maybe that goes back to the gene pool too .
The need to believe in self - improvement , in moving on , was likely to involve a belief in the guy who could sell you tickets for your passage to America along with promises that you ’ll be met at the quayside , given a job , land and prosperity .
In North Dakota for example , not the most prepossessing of America ’s territories , they changed the name of the state capital to Bismarck in order to attract over German farmers , who came lured by the prospect of paradise and found an all but barren land that gets to 30 below in winter and up to the 100s in summer .
The neighbouring South Dakota at least has the badlands and the Black Hills .
North Dakota is so bad it has n’t even got badlands .
Yet Fritz and Otto were suckered into sinking their all in there and their descendants to this day till the same scanty and unforgiving soil .
Sometimes belief means credulity , sometimes an expression of faith and hope which even the most sceptical atheist such as myself cannot but find inspiring .
‘ I have a dream ’ is the refrain of the most famous American speech of the last hundred years .
Martin Luther King ’s chorus is perhaps the signature American credo .
And credo , of course means ‘ I believe ’ , for it might be fair to suggest that Americans say ‘ believe ’ when really they mean ‘ hope ’ or ‘ dream ’ .
At any rate belief is imprinted into the phenotype , sometimes as I say inspirationally , sometimes to that point of credulity where wishing defeats reason .
You might argue then that America is not only a gene pool of adventurers , idealists and go - getters but also a gene pool of saps .
A 18th century cant word for a con artist was a sharp ( as in cardsharp ) while the suckers and the gulls were called flats .
The still sad sweet music of American humanity is full of accidentals you might say – full of sharps and flats .
The tradition of con artist , grifter and schemer continues to this day up to that prize exhibit of peculation and malversation , Bernie Madoff as in ‘ Bernie Madoff his cap as much as he likes , but Bernie Madoff with our money . ’
But you can only con – it is an absolute rule of fraudulence – someone who wants something .
Cons are about presenting opportunities , building castles in the air with words , offering visions of gold : in the case of Joseph Smith and the founding of Mormonism , literal gold in the form of inscribed gold plates delivered from heaven to an improbable address in New England .
The more staggeringly absurd the promise the more likely , it seems , are you to find Americans willing to believe it .
But the point is , if you do n’t want for anything , you ca n’t be conned .
And all Americans want for something .
It is in that restless , insatiable DNA .
It drives their capitalism and it defines their hopeful , confident can - do spirit of idealism and improvement as well as their belief that answers to life ’s financial and spiritual impoverishments can be written down in a book .
The very openness and optimism we love about Americans has a credulous and gullible obverse side .
And maybe the things we routinely despise about ourselves as Britons , our scepticism , cynicism , doubt , pessimism , miserablism and suspicion – maybe they have a positive obverse .
Empiricism , the great quality , the great and especially British quality , that fired the Enlightenment is essentially predicated on distrust .
It distrusts convention , it distrusts revealed divine texts and it even distrusts reason ( Newton famously aced the rationalist Pascal over the theory of light and optics by taking a piece of card and piercing a hole in it – something few continental intellectuals would deign to do ) .
So perhaps our grumpy British fatalism and reluctance to trust or believe is not wholly to be deprecated after all , unattractive as it undoubtedly is .
Now in case this is sounding like an attack on American values and traits , let me say that my love , admiration and fascination remains intact .
I am taking a line for a walk , I am playing with ideas here , not denouncing America and America ’s characteristics , but delineating them as I see them from my wholly secular and idiosyncratic pulpit , this lectern .
Advertisement
But let me risk further strictures on American style by returning to what for me is the real lesson to be learned about America from that popular dictum about turning lemons into lemonade … let me illustrate my point with a story .
I was filming around Bilbao and environs in Northern Spain some years ago .
The cast of our film was invited to the San Sebastian Film Festival premiere of a new Polanski movie called The Ninth Gate , not one of dear Roman ’s best , but perfectly enjoyable and always a pleasure to be in St. Sebastian , or ‘ Donostia ’ as the Basques call it .
I wo n’t go into the plot of the film , perhaps you know it anyway : suffice to say Johnny Depp plays an art dealer who gets involved in some sort of satanic Hammer House of Horror brouhaha or other .
The opening reel takes place in New York ( not filmed there of course : Mr Polanski ca n’t go to America ) and there is a scene where Johnny Depp ’s character arrives at his apartment , goes to the fridge , takes a pizza box from the freezer section , removes a frozen pizza and pops it into the microwave .
Cue howls of laughter from the audience .
I am sitting one row behind Johnny Depp and can see that he is rather perplexed by these helpless gales of Hispanic merriment and I hear him whisper to the Festival Director next to him , “ Why are they laughing ? ” to which the Spaniard replies , wiping tears from his own eyes , “ Because they cannot believe that anyone would do that to their stomach ! ” Genuine perplexity on both sides .
An American thinks : why would anyone find placing a frozen ready - made pizza inside a microwave amusing ?
– a Spaniard , especially a Basque , whose cuisine is exceptional , thinks : why would anyone , above all somebody cultured and prosperous , insult their digestion with such complete rubbish ?
So let me look again at that holy text : ‘ if life gives you lemons , make lemonade . ’
Huh ?
But … but …
Lemons are amongst the best and most wonderful gifts of nature .
They are adaptable , versatile and delicious .
A slice for your gin and tonic – juice to zing life into salads , stews , fish and seafood .
Oil and sweetness from the rind and zest that is pure and perfumed and precious .
They are a staple of what doctors agree is the best dietary regimen we can follow .
So if life gives you lemons , shout ‘ Thank you , Life , thank you ! ’
But the American response is ‘ make lemonade ’ in other words – just add sugar and sell it .
Add sugar and sell it .
This can be translated across into culture , can it not ?
When life gives you folk literature , gothic fairy tales and myth , what does Disney do ?
Add sugar and sell it .
When the body of world art and tradition gives you complexity , ambiguity and difficulty – add sugar .
When news and events present obstacles , problems and conflict – add sugar .
For America sugar is an unalloyed good in and of itself and as a metaphor , a symbol .
It might seem that Americans have the taste buds and desires of children .
We know this from their popular foodstuffs : melted cheese , fried chicken , milk - shakes , cookies , candy , fizzy sugared drinks , pappy hamburgers smothered in sugared sauce – even their so - called high - end coffee is flavoured with sweet vanilla , cinnamon or hazelnut .
Adults are helped to stay childish though sport , games , gadgets , monster - trucks and escapist movies , cowboys , superheroes , comic book villains and thrilling science fiction .
Homer Simpson or Peter Griffin from Family Guy , are lovable forgivable funny and charming inasmuch as they are children .
It ’s all about how many cup - holders their cars have , nothing to do with suspension or engine , it ’s all about feeding their stomachs and their minds with things that are sweet and easily assimilated : non-complex carbohydrates and non-complex concepts .
It is no accident that in Family Guy , which if you have n’t seen you really must , the most memorable and popular character is Stewie , a sinister and malevolent babe in arms who is funny because he is entirely adult and sophisticated – and to prove it he has an English accent .
He is sceptical about everything where his family is credulous about everything , melancholy where they are pointlessly breezy , direct and secretive where they are euphemistic and lacking in mystery .
While American women might seem less infantile , I think the cultural , social and indeed culinary influence of men allows me to make the generalisations I have .
The little girl pageants , the underarm and leg shaving , the depilation and waxing to the point of Brazilian glabrousness of the American female , they certainly contrast with Mediterranean women ’s ideals and suggest an infantilising purpose which is perhaps a little troubling .
At all events all these are outward and visible signs of inward and invisible properties .
Professor Gomes of Harvard , a black , Baptist , republican , gay theologian told me once : “ Americans do n’t like solutions that are difficult , complex or ambiguous .
If you ca n’t explain it in terms of good and bad they will not want to know .
That is why most of them cannot accept evolutionary theory and why other nations and their systems are viewed as either good or bad , friend or foe . ”
It was interesting to hear from an American .
It made me think that while the monochrome Britain I grew up may have been drab , it perhaps at least inculcated an ability to discern shades of grey .
Shades of grey were all we had , we became expert at reading them .
It sounds as if I am building up a rather damning case against America .
A land of infantile suckers .
Suckers of sugar and suckers who follow every purveyor of snake oil and paradise .
Leaders ?
Far from it .
Followers .
At worst vulgar simpletons , at best children .
Well , I count myself one of those suckers for at least 50 % of the time .
I love dumb action movies , and sentimental weepies .
I love hamburgers smothered in sweet tangy sauce .
I love toys and games and theme parks and RVs and spectacle and simple solutions .
I love having my vulgar glands and cheap sensation receptors tweaked and tickled .
I love believing in promises of a brighter future .
I love the idea that training myself to breathe only through my nose or to chew my food 48 times before swallowing will make me thinner , less stressed and sleep better or whatever the latest fad might be .
I love the idea that five simple mantras chanted twice a day might help me concentrate , make love more satisfyingly and become richer or that by following Jesus or Anthony Robbins will make me rich and happy .
For at least 50 % of the time .
But for the rest of the time I want the truth .
I want it unsweetened .
I want to wash my mouth free of all sweeteners .
I want to test all claims and statements on the anvil of experience or by empirical double blind randomised cohorts according to best scientific practice .
I want to doubt , to experience , to think , to challenge and to scoff .
I want art and literature and cinema and music that rejects easy pappy , poppy formulae and which reflects the truth of experience and all the ambiguities and complexities of existence .
I want not sweet but bitter and sour and salt .
I want realism not idealism .
I want facts not fancies .
I want imagination not wishing upon a star .
I want learning , language and literature not philistinism , fantasy and infantilism .
Plato bade us imagine a creation myth that supposes an originally single sex human species that was split into two genders that are doomed forever to seek each other out and attempt to reunite into that original , atavistic unisex entity .
Perhaps we should think of Western civilisation as having undergone a similar schism .
Once we Europeans were one : 50 percent childlike , optimistic , open , innocent , credulous , dupable , fervent in believing in improvability and in systematic answers to life ’s problems and the other half adult , sophisticated , worldly , pessimistic , suspicious and sceptical – distrustful of panaceas and pulpits and with a taste for darker flavours and more adult pursuits .
The optimistic , go - getting , trusting , hopeful , childlike and credulous half upped - sticks and sailed for a New World , leaving behind in the old one only the stuck - in - the - mud , doubting , adult half .
We have yearned for each other , without daring to admit it , ever since .
America has longed for the sophistication , history and adult wisdom of Europe and Europe has pined for the childlike sweetness , instant fun and optimistic self - belief of America .
The Yes We Can of Obama crystallised that quality into a battle cry which resonated just as much with us here in Europe , where we are tired of our own countervailing battle moan of “ It ’ll Never Work : not a chance .
Forget it .
What ’s the point ? ”
When one talks of national characteristics one always leaves oneself open to ridicule .
Am I claiming that there are no sophisticated Americans ?
Gourmandising , discerning Americans who despise sugar and sentiment ?
American pessimists and sceptics ?
Of course there are .
I repeat an earlier asseveration : there is nothing you can say about America whose opposite is not also just as true .
That is part of the allure of the place to me .
And conversely , surely there are vulgar , obese , gullible , infantile Europeans ?
I do n’t need to ask the question .
None such in this lecture theatre of course .
Well , two perhaps .
Okay , three …
You know , I ’ve a pet theory that none of this will matter in ten or twenty years , for America is almost certain in my unreliable view to be plunged into a cataclysmic and catastrophic civil war by then , one from which it may not properly recover for decades .
No , this internecine conflict I am picturing will not be fought over ideologies .
It will not be a war of left versus right , religious versus secular , rich versus poor – nor of race or sect , nor white versus black , Christian versus Moslem , nothing like that .
No , my visit to America showed me that the real tension will come as state declares war on state over … water .
Who takes how much water from upstream of which river that runs through which states , who dams and reservoirs and controls the waters , these are the questions that will count .
Utah against Arizona , Texas against Oklahoma , Colorado against California , Tennessee against Kentucky ( I may even have to use my colonelcy and fight for Kentucky after all ) .
Believe me , water will be a greater casus belli than abortion , gay marriage , global warming , race and the economy all rolled into one .
The silver ribbon of time that is the Colorado River has still a bestarring role to beplay … but that ’s another story and another lecture from someone who knows much more about these things than I do .
I ’ve pointed out before that when something shocking , amazing , eccentric , wild , weird or unpredictable happens over there , you will often hear the amused and proud phrase , ‘ Sheesh !
Only in America !’
If you were to hear a Briton say ‘ Tch ! only in Britain ! ’
I think we can agree that it would almost certainly refer to something that was either predictable , miserable , oppressive , dull , bureaucratic , queuey , damp , spoil - sporty or incompetent – or usually a deadening mixture of all of those .
Americans are constantly being surprised by their own country .
We are constantly having our worst fears confirmed about ours .
Literally this afternoon I was chatting to a courier who delivered some books to my house and we bantered back and forth about the coming cricket tours of the West Indies and the Australians .
‘ There ’s a chance Australia will lose , I suppose , ’ said the courier .
‘ After all they somehow did in 2003 . ’
‘ Hang on , ’ I said , nettled .
‘ What do you mean Australia might lose ?
Do n’t you mean England might win ? ’
‘ England win ?
I do n’t think we can go that far , ’ he said .
‘ England win ! ’ he left shaking his head and chuckling .
That ’s Britain : we ca n’t win .
We just have to hope the other guys lose .
Would I live in America ?
In a heartbeat .
Would I miss Britain ?
No , for I ’d take it with me , bag and baggage , scrip and scrippage , attitude and affect , manner and mannerism .
I could n’t not .
Finally then , as a lover of empiricism and passionate advocate of the fruits of the enlightenment I confess that it worries me that , despite President Obama ’s commitment to science , his statement ‘ I believe it is not in [ the ] … American character , to follow – but to lead ’ might more accurately have been phrased : ‘ I believe it is in the American character to lead the world in our willingness to follow .
To follow anything be it never so trite , simplistic , irrational or incredible . ’
But then perhaps we British lead the world in our unwillingness to follow anything , be it never so appealing , beguiling or bright with possibility .
Ah well .
I am not sure we have arrived at any resolute certainties this evening .
If you have not enjoyed or agreed with what I have said , well you can just – add sugar .
© Stephen Fry 2009
The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera / Dorothea Lange
Coming this fall to PBS : " The Winemakers , " a six - part reality series following a group of 12 contestants as they " undergo a series of grueling challenges devised by real world winemakers , as well as top chefs , sommeliers , restaurateurs and industry leaders . "
The winner of the competition will , according to the show 's website , " win the chance to launch their own wine brand . "
Decanter.com calls the show the " ' Big Brother ' of wine , " and reports that the series will be " replete with the usual reality mix of tears , tantrums , melodrama – and eliminations . "
Below is a preview of a wine harvesting competition from the program :
This article was edited to correct a previous version that misnamed the Canadian Arab Federation .
The head of the Canadian Arab Federation has distanced himself from an anti-Canadian rant posted on a Facebook site by an official of the group .
Mohamed Boudjenane said the Internet posting by the group 's western vice - president Omar Shaban " is not the type of position we hold as an organization . "
Shaban has resigned .
On Tuesday , Shaban posted an item on Facebook calling Canada " a genocidal state " for its treatment of native peoples and saying he " could n't be more ashamed to be Canadian . "
He titled the posting , " F--- Canada Day . "
The following day , Canada Day , he wished readers , " Happy Genocide Day Canada . "
" We do n't support that type of statement , " said Boudjenane .
" But at the end of the day , no matter what we do , we 'll be blamed for it . "
Boudjenane suggested the posting was a minor indiscretion , adding : " You know how many Quebecers say `F --- Canada ' every day ? "
Shaban , 23 , lives in Vancouver .
Yesterday , he launched a blog with an essay titled , " I Will Celebrate Canada Day When the Natives Do . "
In the piece , he denounced former prime ministers Lester Pearson and Paul Martin , and current Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff , for various Middle East - related stands .
" I also apologize for being a citizen of a country that followed George Bush 's order and went to Afghanistan , " Shaban wrote , assuring readers the views are his own and not those of the Arab federation .
The first person known to object to the original Facebook posting was Toronto Muslim commentator Tarek Fatah , co-host of CFRB Radio 's Strong Opinions talk show and author of Chasing a Mirage : The Tragic Illusion of an Islamic State .
" ( The federation ) no longer represents Canadian Arab interests , " he told the Star .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" There has been a takeover of the organization by militants of ( Lebanon - based ) Hezbollah and ( Gaza - based ) Hamas . "
Ottawa takes a similar view .
Effective three months ago , Citizenship and Immigration Minister Jason Kenney ended the group 's $ 1 million annual federal grant .
Perhaps Sarah Palin made that ridiculous statement about " Obama Death Panels " because she knew this story was going to break -- it was happening in her own state , right under her nose :
State programs intended to help disabled and elderly Alaskans with daily life -- taking a bath , eating dinner , getting to the bathroom -- are so poorly managed , the state cannot assure the health and well - being of the people they are supposed to serve , a new federal review found .
The situation is so bad the federal government has forbidden the state to sign up new people until the state makes necessary improvements .
No other state in the nation is under such a moratorium , according to a spokeswoman for the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services .
In the meantime , frail and vulnerable Alaskans who desperately need the help are struggling .
One elderly woman is stuck in a nursing home , for lack of care at home .
Another woman , suffering from chronic pain and fatigue , said she 's so weak , she often can't even pop dinner into the microwave .
This is the GOP 's alternative to a public or universal option .
Sarah wants to talk about evil socialist plans that will kill people , but I betcha she does n't want to talk about the hundreds of Alaskans who died waiting for these services .
A particularly alarming finding concerns deaths of adults in the programs .
In one 2 1 / 2 year stretch , 227 adults already getting services died while waiting for a nurse to reassess their needs .
Another 27 died waiting for their initial assessment , to see if they qualified for help .
Read on ...
In honor of the people of Alaska who died on her watch , Sarah Palin needs to stop makin ' stuff up about health care reform , and apologize for screwing things up and then running away when the going got tough .
I got such a great response from my previous “ worst practices ” post ( thanks for all the great feedback ! )
I thought I ’d forge on ahead with a few more to add to the list .
A few pointed out that most of the recommendations from the first post could apply to just about any language out there – that ’s great news to me .
That tells me that PHP developers are just like any other developer out there , regardless of the language they “ speak ” .
On to the next round !
Here ’s four more “ worst practices ” that , if you care about being any sort of good developer you ’ll avoid like the plague .
Speed is King ( except when it ’s not )
Everyone wants their applications to perform well .
It ’s a well known fact that customers are wanting more and more each second and putting up with delays in a web app is almost unacceptable .
They want it all and they want it now .
Easy , right ?
All you have to do is make your apps work the best they can and do it as fast as possible .
But which way is the fastest ?
We ’re talking speed here , and you should do all you can to get those load times down and the customer satisfaction up .
Optimize the hell out of those methods and cache whatever you can .
Good planning ( see “ Unplanification “ ) from the start can make these kinds of decisions easy and smooth out the wrinkles that might pop up .
Be careful , though … keep optimization in mind from the start , but do n’t make every decision about shaving those seconds off .
This can lead to some pretty bad code if you ’re not careful .
Good structure and standards should never be ousted by over - optimization .
While I ’m on the topic , there ’s also another so called “ silver bullet ” that a lot of blogs , tutorials and books set up as a good option for making your site run faster : micro-optimizations .
I ’m sorry , but most of the things they suggest are really only doing one thing – giving you a false sense that your application will get a huge speed jump from using them .
Granted , there are special cases where shaving one billionth of a second off the execution time can be helpful , but in most applications , that ’s just not that helpful .
If you ’re serious about optimizing your applications , look into things like memcache or other caching tools so you do n’t have to go all the way out to those databases / resources and pull down that data each time .
Your application will thank you for it .
Be a Hermit
Want a quick way to lose interest in a language ?
Do n’t talk to anyone else that uses it .
I know , I know – there ’s lots of developers out there that have gotten very good at their language of choice , but there comes a point when they come across something even they do n’t know .
They get stuck on it for hours trying to figure out why changing the value of this one variable is breaking everything .
What ’re is options ?
He could keep trying , working for hours , even days on the issue before figuring it out .
He could also take a look at the manual and see it shines any light on the problem – but that ’s pretty limited .
What ’s the next step ?
Something that , sadly , a lot of developers just do n’t do – ask !
I ’m not even talking about real - time communication here , this can even be just hopping on a forum and posting your question .
Remember , as much as you ’d like to think it , you do n’t know everything .
There ’s going to be issues you come across ( sometimes even bugs in PHP itself ) that someone else out there has come across in the past .
The collective knowledge of the PHP community is so vast that , given the right place and time , I ’d dare say that just about any question could be answered .
There ’s even people out there that are happy to help you figure out the answer even if they have n’t come across it before ( bless them ) !
Trust me , you can only benefit from having more than one developer poking and prodding your code into submission .
Forums are just one teeny tiny slice of the pie when it comes to resources for help .
There ’s even * gasp* “ face - to - face ” things like IRC , local user groups and conferences where you can hit up other developers for ideas and suggestions .
Do n’t limit yourself !
Use the mass brain power of the community to your advantage …. after all , they ’ll do the same !
Slight the Newb
When was the last time you talked with someone just starting out with PHP ?
Last week ?
Last month ?
How did you treat them ?
Were you helpful and did you take the time to look at their application before slapping them with a big , fat RTFM about their problem .
Do n’t forget – you were a newbie once too .
Have I made you feel a little guilty yet ?
If not , then you ’re a better person than I .
I ’m guilty of this just as much as a lot of developers out there are .
We forget that there was a point in time when we did n’t understand PHP ’s object model or some of us even know how to use an array ( yup , they ’re out there ) .
Some of us have come a long way since those early days of the endless “ hack , reload , hack , reload , hack , reload ” cycle spent learning the inner workings of that latest bit of code we grabbed from freshmeat .
Those long sessions tend to blur together into one big fading memory of our early times with PHP and that ’s where we get in trouble .
We forget how much hard work and how many lines of code we ’ve put in to know what we know .
It does n’t matter how far along you are in the process of learning PHP , I ’m willing to bet there ’s someone that knows less ( “ I just finished my first ‘ hello world ’ script ! ) .
I ’m begging with you – pleading to you – that you do n’t forget your early days .
Remember how hard it was for you to wrap our head around that one feature , and be willing to help when someone comes looking for help .
Give help when you can – a language is only as good as the people that make up the lifeblood of its workings and providing a well - lit path to the answer someone needs is an excellent start .
This is the other side of “ Be a Hermit ” – you can be the one that ’s there to provide the exact answer someone needs if you just take the time and work with them .
Trust me , they ( and the community ) will thank you for making their code a better place for data to live .
The board of big wave surfer Paul Daniel from South Africa is engulfed by a wave as he swims under it
Credit : EPA
Editor 's note :
This is the first of a three - part series on China 's attempts to reform its sprawling and troubled health care system .
Kathleen E. McLaughlin and Sharron Lovell have documented the effects on people across the country , including rural areas and urban centers .
BEIJING —
As the United States is once again mired in a debate about health care reform , across the Pacific the world ’s largest socialist country is trying to piece together some semblance of universal health care for its 1.3 billion citizens .
China ’s health care system was once a model of low - cost , efficient delivery that served hundreds of millions of people .
The system began to fall apart in the 1980s with the disbanding of the socialist economy .
State - owned companies that had promised cradle - to - grave health care coverage to their employees were privatized .
Often , there was nobody to pick up the pieces .
Since 1980 , the percentage of personal income Chinese people spend out - of - pocket on health care has doubled .
Access is often severely limited in rural areas and even major urban centers struggle with adequate funding and care .
In 2006 , a survey showed that nearly half of Chinese people refused to see a doctor when they fell ill .
As the system broke down , horror stories began to emerge : patients turned away from hospitals and dying because they could n’t make large cash deposits , life savings spent on health care that is inappropriate or ineffective .
Earlier this year , China ’s central government announced an ambitious , long - term plan to reform its ailing health care system .
By shoring up the system , officials say , they can help Chinese citizens feel more financially secure and thus spend more on other items .
Increasing domestic consumer spending is a cornerstone of China ’s plan to weather the global financial crisis .
But the problem is massive and so , too , will be the solution .
The health care reform effort is being rolled out in stages that will continue through 2011 , beginning with a basic opt - in insurance program for hundreds of millions of rural residents .
In a groundbreaking study of China ’s health care system late last year , the British medical journal , The Lancet , said inequities in the system were among its biggest problems .
Still , the report said , China also has a unique opportunity for broad reform .
“ With economic boom and growing government revenues , China is unlike other countries challenged by health inequities and can afford the necessary reforms so that economic development goes hand - in - hand with improved health equity , ” the journal ’s researchers wrote .
Health care inequities are most glaring in rural China , where more than half the population lives , and where incomes are the lowest .
As part of its reform plans , the government has vowed to build a clinic in every village .
Any trip to the countryside shows the mammoth problems involved in that endeavor — especially in attracting good , qualified medical staff to remote areas that urgently need health care .
In Guizhou province , China ’s poorest , many villagers in mountainous areas report never having seen a doctor .
In many places , women routinely give birth at home , medications are priced out of reach and facilities can be woefully inadequate .
And while the situation in rural China often seems bleak , the problems in major cities can be just as bad .
While in rural areas the care often simply is n’t available , in cities with cutting edge facilities and the best doctors a lack of cash can kill .
Take Li Wanming .
In late 2006 , his sister suddenly took ill with a critical heart problem .
He rushed her to the emergency room of one of Beijing ’s top hospitals , where , he now believes , she waited 24 hours in need of emergency surgery because he could n’t produce enough cash to secure the operating costs .
The doctors told Li his sister needed surgery , but he had to make a hefty cash deposit .
He told them he could pay half and it would take him several hours to get the rest .
His sister died waiting .
Li sued the hospital .
The court recently ruled against him .
He wants to appeal and is hoping for a wholesale change in China ’s health care system .
For Li , this is not abstract .
He is an eye doctor , albeit in a lower - rung hospital , and knows exactly how the system works .
His sister trusted him to find her the best care , he said , and he believes he failed her by bringing her to a hospital that did not consider her important enough to save .
Unfortunately for Li , his own connections in Beijing ’s medical establishment were not enough to save his sister .
But while changes to the health care system might come too late to help her , he welcomes the effort all the same .
The most important thing , he believes , is that all citizens of China are entitled to equal access to health care .
Right now , that is n’t happening .
Even though hedge funds are said to be recovering from last year ’s bloodbath , “ green shoots ” are all over the place , and even jocks are finding it timely to launch some funds , clients of Cerberus Capital Management are erring on the safe side of the street , choosing to redeem most of their money .
Hedge funds were hit with record withdrawals last year , forcing them to liquidate holdings at fire sale prices to meet the demands , which triggered many to close shop .
And with funds as large and respected as Cerberus still being hit with redemptions , the state of the asset class might not be as rosy as many are saying it is .
The Wall Street Journal reports that clients owning more than $ 4 billion of the $ 7.7 billion in assets in the Cerberus Partners hedge funds have opted to liquidate their holdings , rather than allow Cerberus to collect its typical fees and continue making new investments .
Wall Street Journal :
Mr. Feinberg [ Stephen Feinberg , Cerberus ’ co-founder ] striking an apologetic tone , personally called Cerberus clients this week to share the tally , which was current as of Friday and could still change , according to people familiar with the discussions .
Cerberus executives hope that some investors who have opted for withdrawals can be convinced to change their minds , people familiar with the matter said .
Investors had been told they had until this week to vote on the fate of their hedge - fund holdings , a choice that was fraught , the people say .
The tradeoff : liquidate now for an uncertain payout , or stay with Cerberus and roll the dice on a new fund .
That a significant portion of investors decided to walk is a comedown for Mr. Feinberg and Cerberus , long one of the biggest and most successful private equity and hedge - fund firms and best known of latefor its two failed investments in Chrysler LLC and GMAC LLC .
Just a few years ago , investors clamored to get into Mr. Feinberg 's funds , as the firm benefited from a boom in hedge funds and its own strong track record .
XXX Parodies
Like most Americans we love classic television shows and old movies but we went a little crazy and turned them into XXX porn parodies .
Just imagine your favorite characters having sex on DVD or right on your computer screen with VOD but you can buy it all right here .
At X - Play we love to create the best award winning sitcums anywhere and are happy that fans all over the world love them too .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Morgan Stanley is setting aside a huge sum to pay out bonuses despite posting its third consecutive quarterly loss and admitting it is disappointed with key departments .
The US bank 's latest results show it is allocating $ 3.9bn ( £ 2.36 bn ) for paying out to staff , 72 % of its net revenues .
That dwarfs the percentage of revenue set aside by arch rival Goldman Sachs , where workers are on track for large bonuses after record results last week .
Morgan Stanley extinguished the tentative flames of optimism among US banks today when it posted a loss of $ 159 m for April to June and said it was not satisfied with its performance in fixed income trading and in asset management .
News of the bank 's loss unsettled traders on Wall Street , whose view of the banking sector 's prospects was brightened last week by Goldman 's surge in profits and further upbeat news from JP Morgan , Citigroup and Bank of America .
Goldman said last week that it was dedicating 49 % of its revenue to paying its staff , amounting to a compensation fund of $ 6.65 bn .
Further reading of Morgan Stanley 's results showed its compensation pot was not only much bigger as a percentage of net revenues of $ 5.4bn , but that it had jumped 26 % from $ 3.1 bn a year ago .
" It was a very good quarter to be a Morgan Stanley employee , " said analyst Brad Hintz at Sanford C Bernstein & Co. " I 'm not so sure it was so good to be a Morgan Stanley shareholder . "
Although big bonuses to bankers are arousing controversy in the wake of the credit crunch , bumper payouts seem here to stay as firms continue to battle to attract the most talented staff .
The hefty bonus pot at Morgan Stanley echoes its comments that it needs to woo more top performers to its trading floors .
John Mack , chairman and chief executive , said that it was one way the loss - making bank was " taking steps to deliver better results " in its underperforming departments .
" These initiatives include hiring to add key trading and investment management talent , " he said .
The bank was hit in the latest quarter by a charge related to repaying government loans known as Tarp .
The disappointing performance from Morgan Stanley was accompanied by downbeat news from San Francisco - based Wells Fargo and tempered optimism about a recovery in the financial sector .
The AARP has seen Republicans ' pitch for senior support on health care , and it has not been won over to the GOP 's vision of ObamaCare .
Republicans are making a health care pitch to seniors , floating a " Seniors ' Health Care Bill of Rights " in an op - ed penned by Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele in the Washington Post yesterday , most likely seizing on the fact that Obama has struggled to woo seniors to his plan and seeking to galvanize a voting bloc against the president 's plan .
A Gallup poll released late last month showed seniors to be the least likely age group to support health care reform , with many thinking it will reduce their access to care and raise costs .
But the AARP , one of the more powerful lobbying groups in DC , especially on health care , thanked and agreed with Steele on the points of his Bill of Rights -- such as no cutting of Medicare and no " dictating the terms of end - of - life care -- and said the proposals from President Obama do n't threaten to do any of the things Steele suggests seniors should be worried about .
" We are pleased nothing in the bills would bring about the type of scenarios the RNC is concerned about , " AARP says .
Opponents of Obama 's reforms say they 'll cut Medicare ; Democrats insist Medicare spending would only be lowered through cutting waste .
Based on what it 's seen so far , AARP is fully on board with Democrats here : " Nothing we 've seen in these bills would cut Medicare benefits , " an AARP official said ; in a full statement yesterday , the group stressed how Obama 's reforms would help Medicare .
Deutsche Bank runs the real - estate numbers and concludes that nationwide prices will fall another 17 % , for a total peak - to - trough collapse of 40 % .
In New York City , meanwhile , where prices started falling later than the rest of the country ( and from a higher peak ) prices have another 35 % to fall .
And that 's just to get back to fair value .
If prices stop at fair value after a bubble this big , it will be the first time in history in which this happened .
Deutsche Bank 's outlook for New York , by the way , is positively bullish compared to Goldman Sachs ' .
In January , Goldman estimated that NYC real estate prices could fall as much as 58 % .
Here 's DB 's outlook for some of the major cities in the country .
The lefthand column shows the amount DB expects prices will still fall .
The righthand columns show the fall from the peak .
See Also : Goldman Predicts NYC Real Estate Mega - Crash
The myth of King Arthur ( Nigel Terry ) brought once again to the screen .
Uthur Pendragon ( Gabriel Byrne ) is given the mystical sword Excalibur by the wizard Merlin .
At his death , Uthur buries the sword into a stone , and the next man that can pull it out will be King of England .
Several years later , Arthur , Uthur 's bastard son , draws Excalibur and becomes King .
Guided by Merlin , Arthur marries Guenevere ( Cherie Lunghi ) and gathers the Knights of the Round Table .
Arthur 's evil half - sister Morgana ( Dame Helen Mirren ) sires a son with him , who may prove to be his downfall .
Written by Greg Bole < bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu >
A critically endangered clouded leopard cub has been captured by tribes people in a remote area of Bangladesh .
Many conservationists thought the leopards were actually extinct in the country .
Mohammed Islam from the Wildlife Trust of Bangladesh says the find is " exciting and hugely significant " .
Clouded leopards are solitary , nocturnal and arboreal cats .
They are also one of the least studied leopards because of their secretive and timid nature .
The Trust is now trying to release the cub .
- BBC
( L to R ) Commissioners Candice Molnar , Len Katz , Konrad von Finckenstein ( chair ) , Suzanne Lamarre and Timothy Denton heard from speakers representing small internet service providers and public interest groups Thursday .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Should internet service providers be allowed to selectively slow down certain applications when the internet is congested ?
If they do , how much should they be required to tell their customers ?
Those are two of the questions that Canada 's internet regulator must answer in the coming months .
The Canadian Radio- Television and Telecommunications Commission held hearings from July 6 to 14 on internet traffic management in an effort to determine whether it should set guidelines specifying how ISPs are allowed to manage internet traffic and congestion and if so , what those guidelines should be .
During the process , the CRTC heard from parties that included :
Internet service providers , ranging from large companies such as Rogers and Bell , to small ones such as those represented by the Canadian Association of Internet Providers ( CAIP ) .
Companies that make internet traffic management tools including Sandvine and Juniper Networks .
Consumer and public advocacy groups such as the Public Interest Advocacy Centre .
Companies and Canadian artists such as filmmakers that rely on the internet to deliver their services and creations , such as video rental company Zip.ca , and the Canadian Film & Television Production Association .
Various experts called by other parties .
Those parties were to have until the last week of July to send their final comments to the CRTC and the commission has said it will announce its decisions by the end of November .
The federal Liberal party and the federal NDP both publicly supported the principle of net neutrality in June .
The commission began the hearings on the assumption that internet congestion is a problem .
While some parties questioned this , there was a general consensus that internet use is increasing , and bandwidth - hungry applications such as video are gaining popularity .
Many of those who testified said that when congestion occurs , applications that are most affected are those that are time - sensitive such as :
Video and VoIP ( voice calls over the internet ) , which will become noticeably choppy .
Online gaming , where delays make it more difficult for people playing with one another to interact and experience the same things at the same time .
Here are some of the main questions discussed during the hearings that the CRTC must now consider :
What internet traffic management practices are acceptable and should any be considered as completely unacceptable ?
How might innovation be affected by guidelines ?
Consumer and public interest groups as well as businesses and artists who rely on the internet took the position that practices used by ISPs to deal with congestion were acceptable so long as they did not discriminate against or favour particular protocols or applications , as doing so could stifle innovation .
That meant throttling specifically peer - to - peer applications was not acceptable .
However , temporarily throttling heavy users , regardless of what applications they are using , during times of congestion , was acceptable to them .
ISPs , both large and small , were reluctant to rule out any network management practices , saying that they need to have access to all options in order to manage their networks , especially since the internet and technology are constantly changing .
They said network management tools represent innovation that could be stifled by new guidelines .
They added that critics of traffic management practices have offered no evidence that any harm has come from those practices , although at least one commissioner noted that information would likely be available only to the ISPs themselves .
Most larger ISPs argued that there is fierce competition in the marketplace , so if any practices are unacceptable to consumers , they can choose another ISP .
Rogers executives , including Mike Lee , left , and Ken Engelhart spoke before the CRTC Monday .
They argued that throttling uploads is better for their customers than other proposed methods of traffic management .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Smaller ISPs that buy network access wholesale from larger ISPs in order to sell to their customers argued that there is n't yet enough competition .
That 's because wholesalers such as Bell often apply the same traffic management practices to their wholesale customers ( and hence , those ISPs customers ) as they do to their retail customers , they said .
Consumer and public interest groups suggested that competition would help , but is n't enough right now .
What 's required to manage internet congestion ?
Can the problem be solved by measures that do n't target certain applications or protocols over others , such as usage - based pricing and network expansion ?
Network traffic and management researchers Anthony Coates of Montreal 's McGill University and University of Minnesota 's Andrew Odlyzko both testified on behalf of consumer groups that internet traffic has grown more slowly than predicted , and therefore increasing the capacity of networks should be enough to accommodate the growth .
Some ISPs such as Telus Communications Company said so far measures such as network expansion and usage - based billing have been sufficient to deal with congestion on their networks .
But Michael Hennessy , senior vice - president of regulatory and government affairs for Telus , said the company will only make investments as long as there is a business case to support them .
" We are troubled by the statements of some parties that assume that all we need to do to keep up with traffic is to just keep investing with no guarantee of a return , " he told the CRTC .
Vidéotron has relied so far on network expansion and surcharges for heavy users .
But both Telus and Vidéotron said they may need to turn to other means in the future .
Scott Stevens , vice - president of technology for Juniper Networks , says the internet was not originally designed for applications such as streaming video .
( Emily Chung / CBC
ISPs that throttle peer - to - peer file transfers all argued that network expansion and economic measures were not enough .
" Traffic management is critical to providing internet service that is fast , reliable and affordable , " said Ken Stein , senior vice - president of corporate and regulatory affairs for Shaw Communications Inc .
CRTC commissioners asked why usage - based billing would n't be an effective solution , since that is the standard for wireless use .
ISPs responded that :
It would boost internet prices and make people unhappy , especially for times of day when people want to use the internet most .
It would require a lot of education , as the public does n't understand what applications consume more bandwidth than others .
It would affect more customers than are currently being affected by other traffic management methods .
Should ISPs disclose their practices and , if so , in what form ?
Most ISPs said they were reluctant to disclose details of their traffic management practices to customers because :
Customers are n't really interested in the details .
The details would confuse them .
The information is " competitively sensitive . "
However , Bell Canada suggested it was acceptable to ask ISPs to disclose more general information about traffic management practices such as :
The types of applications affected .
The times of day when they are affected .
Any privacy implications .
At one point while questioning Shaw executives , CRTC commissioner Suzanne Lamarre asked how competition alone could regulate ISPs ' practices , as they suggest , if they do n't provide customers with information about internet traffic management that could let the customers choose between competitors .
Shaw and other ISPs maintained that most customers choose based on factors such as advertised price and speed , not internet traffic management practices .
Jean - François Mezei said throttling peer - to - peel file transfers will make users take a less efficient path in an effort to avoid detection , worsening congestion .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Meanwhile , consumer advocates argued that providing more information to consumers is better .
Jean François Mezei , who runs the consulting company Vaxination Informatique , suggested that if ISPs were forced to advertise their throttled speeds , those speeds would go up and congestion would be reduced .
How do people use peer - to - peer file transfers ?
Should they be selectively throttled to reduce congestion ?
Public advocacy groups and businesses that rely on the internet said P2P file transfer is an efficient way to distribute all kinds of files , and it still has a lot of untapped potential .
Zip.ca said it is considering using P2P methods for distributing movie rentals .
Members of the film industry told the CRTC that P2P is a cheap and easy way to distribute independent films that would have trouble getting on commercial sites such as iTunes .
It also supports a business model in which a film is distributed for free and the filmmaker earns money by selling related merchandise .
ISPs said they pick peer - to - peer file transfers to slow down over other applications because :
The file transfers are not time - sensitive – the downloaded files are used at some later point in time , unlike streaming video , which is watched as it is transmitted .
The protocol is designed to " hog " bandwidth , leaving less for other applications .
Few people use P2P transfers , so few are affected .
A small minority of users is responsible for a large percentage of traffic , and when P2P is targeted , there is a noticeable decrease in congestion .
The ISPs also noted that they do n't stop the transfers from occurring – they just slow them down .
While Bell throttles uploads and downloads , a number of ISPs , including Shaw , Rogers and Cogeco , throttle only uploads .
Shaw executives said most users only upload files to get download privileges and are n't really choosing to upload – something CRTC commissioner Suzanne Lamarre said she disagreed with .
Gregg Vanderheiden and Jutta Treviranus say P2P file transfers are an important way to get films with closed captions to people with hearing disabilities .
( ( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Rogers said most downloaders are in other countries , so throttling has little effect on their customers .
But , Lamarre said they provided only anecdotal evidence of this .
Meanwhile , filmmakers argued that throttling puts P2P transfers at a competitive disadvantage compared to commercial file transfers such as downloading from iTunes , which is n't slowed .
Does the use of internet technologies for the purpose of internet traffic management raise privacy concerns ?
Public and consumer advocates expressed concerns about deep packet inspection , which is used to identify different types of traffic , such as P2P file transfers , and treat it differently .
They suggested the technology can be used to glean information about a user 's behaviour such as :
What application , website or other service was used .
How long it was used .
What search terms were typed in .
The information could be used for things such as targeted advertising and law enforcement surveillance , they said .
ISPs said there are no privacy concerns as no personal information is collected , the information is kept for short periods of time ( 30 days in the case of Cogeco ) , it is only used for network management , and under Canadian privacy laws , companies would have to get consent to use the information for any other purpose .
Mark Coates , a McGill University network management researcher who spoke on behalf of the Union des Consommateurs , suggested that shallow packet inspection , which relies on statistics , is a less invasive way of classifying information that is effective 95 per cent of the time in tests .
However , Rogers executives said they are already using the technique when DPI is n't possible and it is less accurate than Coates suggests .
What type of guidelines should be put in place ?
Should exceptions to the guidelines be pre-approved or should they be reviewed after the fact when a complaint is filed ?
Consumer , business and arts groups all supported a similar test for acceptable internet traffic management practices , asking :
Is there evidence of a serious and pressing problem that must be addressed ?
Is the solution narrowly targeted at the problem and the least intrusive option ?
Does it provide benefits that outweigh any harm it may cause ?
They alleged the test does not discriminate against different technologies and they suggested that exceptions should be pre-approved , as a complaints - based process is slow and cumbersome .
Those harmed by a practice may not have the resources to file the complaint and the harm may be irreparable by the time the process is complete , they said .
By and large , ISPs argued against such guidelines , saying technological change could make them irrelevant .
Bell also argued that the test , which is based on a similar test used to evaluate government intervention , is not appropriate in the realm of competitive business .
Bell and Telus suggested their own guidelines are based on the premise that solutions should be " reasonable " rather than " least intrusive . "
They argued that would make the test less subjective and remove the need for the CRTC to make judgments about the " perfect " solution in an area where it lacks expertise .
Bell suggested that " reasonable efforts " should be made to limit the negative impacts of traffic management practices on users , services , protocols or applications .
Telus suggested that the solution could be applied to any circumstance that enhances security , efficiency , and or the availability of the network for the users but agreed it should be narrowly tailored .
They said the current complaints - based process works well and ensures that judgments are based on facts about the impacts of traffic management practices rather than speculation .
Is the application of certain internet traffic management practices to wholesale services appropriate ?
Many smaller ISPs buy network access wholesale from larger ISPs such as Bell .
In fact , the CRTC 's probe into internet traffic management arose from a complaint last spring from CAIP on behalf of those smaller ISPs that Bell was throttling those ISPs ' customers .
The CRTC launched the probe after ruling in November 2008 that Bell could legally throttle the smaller ISPs , its wholesale customers , as it also throttles its own retail customers .
Christian Tacit and Tom Copeland of the Canadian Association of Internet Providers blamed congestion partly on a lack of competition .
( ( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
Bell alleges that the network is completely shared between its retail customers and the customers of its wholesale customers , so it must manage the network for everyone .
However , MTS Allstream , which sells wholesale network access in Manitoba , claims it is able to distinguish between its Manitoba wholesale and retail traffic .
The company buys wholesale network access from Bell and other large ISPs outside Manitoba .
It and many other ISPs that buy network access wholesale said their providers should not be allowed to traffic shape on their behalf , as they want to be able to manage their own networks .
Should there be concerns about services such as VoIP ( voice phone services delivered over internet protocol ) and IPTV ( television delivered over internet protocol ) that do n't reside on the public internet ?
Technically , such private services were outside the scope of the hearing , but there was some discussion about them because they run on the same cables as the public internet .
For both IPTV and VoIP paid services , quality is important and a little congestion could lead to noticeable choppiness .
While the services share a " highway " with internet traffic , they are kept separate .
Len Katz , the CRTC 's vice - chair of telecommunications , expressed concerns that such services could encroach on bandwidth used by the public internet .
Telus and Bell admitted this was technically possible , but unlikely as the internet market is competitive .
When asked what would happen if Telus had a sudden boost in its IPTV business , Telus executives admitted that under that circumstance , the company would have to limit sales of its wholesale internet service .
But , the company insisted that " if push comes to shove " its public internet service would get priority over IPTV because it is currently more profitable , and it might lose internet customers to competitors if its service started to degrade .
Bell also said that due to competition it would not be interested in decreasing internet speeds .
Mr. Obama did not speak directly with Mr. Clinton before the mission .
But his national security adviser , Gen. James L. Jones , contacted the former president to sound him out .
The senior official said the administration did “ due diligence ” with the North Koreans to ensure that if Mr. Clinton went , he would return with the journalists .
He also denied that Mr. Clinton apologized as a condition of obtaining the pardons from the government .
Image Former President Bill Clinton waved before boarding a plane at an airport in Pyongyang .
Credit ... Zhang Binyang / Xinhua , via Reuters
As president , Mr. Clinton had sent Mr. Kim a letter of condolence on the death of his father , Kim Il - sung , according to a former official .
For Mr. Kim , the former official said , freeing the women was a “ reciprocal humanitarian gesture . ”
Mr. Kim is believed to have suffered a stroke last year .
American officials said they thought his declining health had set off a succession struggle , complicating the Obama administration ’s dealings with the North .
The families of the American journalists issued a statement saying they were “ overjoyed ” by news of the pardon and thanked Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton .
“ We especially want to thank President Bill Clinton for taking on such an arduous mission and Vice President Al Gore for his tireless efforts to bring Laura and Euna home , ” the statement said .
Current TV said in a statement that it too was “ overjoyed ” and that the hearts of its employees went out to Ms. Ling and Ms. Lee for “ persevering through this horrible experience . ”
The Obama administration said Ms. Ling and Ms. Lee were in good health .
Administration officials said Mr. Clinton went to North Korea as a private citizen , did not carry a message from Mr. Obama for Mr. Kim and had the authority to negotiate only for the women ’s release .
“ This was 100 percent about the journalists , ” said a senior administration official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the matter .
“ We knew Kim Jong - il would probably seek a meeting with Clinton .
But that ’s not what this visit was about . ”
Experts have already predicted that cloud hosting will become the next most popular tool in web hosting .
The website stored on multiple servers instead of one , which gives website owners the benefits such as low - cost operations , unlimited access , and customization .
The individual servers share information , resources , and functions on a particular network , thus increasing the capacity of cloud servers .
Case Study :
You are new to the Hosting World
You would be most probably looking for cheap web hosting providers and the features offered by them in their lowest plans .
Cloud Hosting Benefits
Centralized Control panel is provided to access all the resources
Target Customers : Cloud Hosting is for all the type of businesses , whether small - medium - size companies or individuals .
Pay as you go :
You only pay for the resources your website consume .
Low hardware cost , so substantially , cheap hosting services , which is good for starters .
Price is comparatively small as compared to VPS or Dedicated hosting services , allowing you to divert your funds towards other aspects of business .
Performance : Perfect for business operations as it provides flawless performance .
It can deal with large volumes of data and process them at all times .
For JIT ( Just in Time ) applications , they can provide meaningful results within shortest possible time .
Enhanced features , reliability , and scalability are some of the benefits that you can get from using Linux Cloud hosting .
High Data Security : Data are the pillars of any business .
Business owners always think of safeguarding their company 's data .
Business end , if data gets erased .
With cloud hosting risk of data loss is very less , as , hosting is highly secured , storing your data away from the prying eyes of the hackers .
Users are provided with the liberty to change the system and also manage security .
Backups :
Good day - to - day backups are provided , in case your data crashes .
You can also opt for Real - time data backups .
Data backup & Restored done automatically .
Data remains integrated with cloud hosting .
All these benefits attract hosting customers , with the belief that it is technology most prevalent in future .
Factors you should consider before choosing cloud hosting services
There are a lot of hosting companies competing in cloud hosting sector , and it is true that one company score over other .
You need to decide which is best for your website .
Take the time to do some research and locate reliable , cheap cloud hosting providers .
You do not always have to hire out companies that charge a lot of money there are cheap cloud hosting providers that provide fantastic services .
So follow the tips given in the article , and you shall have no trouble in locating a cheap cloud hosting providers that will give you a lot of advantages .
Cloud hosting indeed makes web hosting activities a breeze to go through .
Your IP is 162.158.88.110 and you have no rDNS
There are currently 20 connections estabilished
This page was generated in 0.76761 seconds
GO -TO -MARKET STRATEGY
We provide you with an action plan that outlines how to reach your clients and how to win in your marketplace .
So , now I have watched samples of the latest trend in the motion picture industry : three dimensional ( stereoscopic ) movies .
The main part of the reason for this trend is probably that there currently is no affordable way to view 3D movies at home , so they are a way to lure people back into the cineplex .
3D movies have been around since the 1890's ( source : Wikipedia ) , and there have been several waves of 3D movies since then , but 3D has n't caught on as the standard way of doing movies , like sound and colour once did .
It is still a gimmick for just a handful of films .
The current digital 3D movies have far better image quality than previous technologies .
I went to a 3D screening at the " inspiration weekend for filmmakers " Drömfabriken ( site in Swedish ! ) this week , and the talks before they actually showed the movie clips sounded very promising .
One person thought that 3D movies are here to stay this time .
And the clips they showed looked good .
I could see no ghosting ( where you see a little of the right eye image in your left eye and vice versa ) , and the colour reproduction was excellent .
The main technical problem I saw was that the 3D effect was more or less exaggerated .
The image had more depth than what it would look like in real life .
This causes double vision sometimes , and looks unrealistic all the time .
The reason for the exaggerated 3D effect is probably that the " eyes " of the camera they used for filming were further apart than human eyes are , so it 's a problem that can be solved by just moving them closer together .
But if you do not exaggerate the 3D effect , the image would look quite flat .
When you 're looking at stuff in the real world , you do not actually have that much sense of depth at distances that are greater than a few meters .
Stereoscopic vision is most useful at close distances .
At larger distances , other parts of the brain do the work of figuring out how far away objects are .
So , if you move the 3D camera 's " eyes " closer together to get a realistic 3D effect , you do n't get much of a 3D effect at all except for closeups .
So why would the film production go through all the trouble of filming in stereo and forcing the viewers to wear those ugly glasses for such a subtle effect ?
I think the glasses is the reason that 3D movies wo n't go mainstream this time around either .
You just do n't want to make out in the back of the theatre wearing alien goggles .
Since one driving force behind 3D movies is to get the audience into the theatres , it 's ironic that the first 3D displays that do n't require glasses are suited only for home use .
The technology would n't work in a cinema .
( This has to do with the fact that these 3D displays have a small " sweet spot " .
They do n't allow for a wide viewing angle . )
So , was I impressed by the 3D screening ?
No .
It did n't feel very fresh or new , but it still is a cool effect , no doubt about it .
It has always been .
I just do n't see it going mainstream any time soon .
James Cameron ( director of Aliens , The Terminator , Titanic and upcoming 3D feature Avatar ) has a different opinion in this interesting article .
Media multitasking is increasingly part of work as well as leisure time
The people who engage in media " multitasking " are those least able to do so well , according to researchers .
A survey defined two groups : those who routinely consumed multiple media such as internet , television and mobile phones , and those who did not .
In a series of three classic psychology tests for attention and memory , the " low multitaskers " consistently outdid their highly multitasking counterparts .
The results are reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" Increasingly , people who are looking at their computer screen are frequently watching TV , listening to the radio , maybe reading print media , chatting , texting , " said Cliff Nass , a co-author on the study from Stanford University .
" On the computer you could be emailing while you have three chats going on while you 're playing World of Warcraft .
If you look at classical psychology textbooks , people cannot multitask - but if you walk around on the street , you see lots of people multitasking , " he told BBC News .
" So we asked ourselves the question , ' what is it that these multitaskers are good at that enable them to do this ? ' "
Paying attention
The three experiments undertaken by high and low multitaskers were designed to test three aspects that the study 's authors believed must contribute to multitaskers ' skills .
The shocking discovery of this research is that [ high multitaskers ] are lousy at everything that 's necessary for multitasking
Clifford Nass
Stanford University
In the first , they were tested for their ability to ignore irrelevant information .
They were briefly shown a screen with two red rectangles and either 0 , 2 , 4 or 6 blue rectangles .
The task was to determine whether , when the screen was shown again , one of the red rectangles had been rotated .
Low multitaskers were better at the task , regardless of the number of blue rectangles , whereas high multitaskers got worse at it as the number of distracting blue rectangles went up .
In a test of the degree of organisation of working memory , participants were presented with a series of letters , one at a time , and told to push a button when they saw a letter that they had seen exactly three letters previously .
Again , low multitaskers were significantly better at correctly spotting the repeated letters .
Not only did the high multitaskers do worse from the beginning , they got worse at it as time went on .
Thirdly came a test of the participants ' ability to switch tasks .
They were first shown either " letter " or " number " on a screen , and then presented with a letter / number pair such as A7 .
If the preceding screen said " letter " , they were to determine if it was a consonant or a vowel .
If it said " number " , they were to determine if it was even or odd .
After , for example , a series of " number " tasks , the experimenters switched to " letter " tasks .
Again , low multitaskers significantly outperformed their counterparts in switching to the new task .
The participants were put into full multitasking mode " The shocking discovery of this research is that [ high multitaskers ] are lousy at everything that 's necessary for multitasking , " Professor Nass said .
" The irony here is that when you ask the low multitaskers , they all think they 're much worse at multitasking and the high multitaskers think they 're gifted at it . "
The pressing question that remains , Professor Nass said , is one of cause and effect : are those people with a dearth of multitasking skills drawn to multitasking lifestyles , or do the lifestyles dull the skills ?
The team is actively pursuing new research avenues , such as studying the brain activity of the different groups as they go about their multitasking .
The results could be profound , Professor Nass said , potentially suggesting new means of teaching and even reporting news for those given to a multi-media feed of information .
But at the very least , he said , multitaskers should be told that they are bad at multitasking .
Your Comments
In my experience , those who claim to be able to ' multitask ' are simply able to do three things badly at the same time !
I can't imagine anyone ever wrote a best - seller or painted a masterpiece while simultaneously chatting on the phone and watching TV .
Justin , Bristol , UK Since taking on a pivotal role within my current company , I am constantly interrupted by people , phones , chat , and messages .
My natural attention span has decreased significantly so that even completing an email is usually interrupted by checking other emails , internet news sites and / or listening in to a nearby conversation .
Rick , Melbourne , Australia Another potential conclusion from this research is that the tests they chose did not successfully measure the ability of participants to multitask .
Darren , Guildford , UK Women make better multitaskers then most men , only because their lives depend on multitasking at home and at work ... it seems the above study was just computer based , which is probably why the multitaskers did n't do so well ... they were thinking of other things that they should 've or could 've been doing .
Wendy , New Glasgow , Canada Surely the ' multitaskers ' ( myself included at times ) are just people who tend to not focus their attention on one thing for very long , and are easily distracted by something new .
The test seems to be checking how well people can ignore distractions to answer a question correctly , so from that I would n't consider these results unexpected at all .
Any time I 've been ' multitasking '
I tend to perform slightly less well at each of the tasks I switch between , whether it 's slight misspellings in an email , or something similar .
I always try to focus on one thing at a time when it 's very important .
Chris Bevan , London , UK From a personal perspective , I like many other people tend to find that I am most stressed when I have many different things that all need to be done , and end up stressing about task B when I should be concentrating on task A .
The best thing I have found is to calm down and relax , make a list and then complete the tasks one at a time until they are completed , whilst ignoring the other tasks until the time comes to complete them .
Multitasking just stresses me out and reduces my performance .
Human beings are not like computers .
Tom Michael , Birmingham , UK
This is surprising .
I 'm fantastic at it .
Perhaps the pool did n't actually include those who are actually gifted enough to multitask .
Rem , London , UK I do n't see how this tests for multitasking ability at all .
They are testing for attention , and attention span , which are two things I 'd guess multitaskers show a lack of .
They are constantly switching their focus thus having a test that requires focus on a single task / item , wo n't test for multi-tasking ability .
Andres , New York , USA I am a multitasker .
I have a conference call on mute as I type this .
The advantage ?
Ignoring the detail allows me to focus on the big picture , ensuring my team are always realigning with the strategic objectives .
I have a very competent group of focussed people .
They 're great with detailed tasks that require focus .
They would n't let me near those activities as we all know I 'd make mistakes .
As a team we understand each other 's strengths and weaknesses and it works well .
Sam , Manchester , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Get Madden 10 For Free By Subscribing To Sports Illustrated
I was looking for a cheap place to pre-order Madden 10 , which will be out on August 14th , when I stumbled upon this great deal from Sports Illustrated .
They are giving new subscribers a free copy of Madden 10 on any platform ( including Xbox 360 , PS3 , Wii etc. ) along with 28 issues of SI .
The subscription price is $ 49 for around 6 months of issues .
Considering a copy of Madden alone can set you back upwards of $ 60 , this is a nice deal .
You even get an NFL Films documentary about John Madden thrown in .
Just make sure to read the fine print .
By subscribing , you agree that they will auto - renew your account .
So if this is something you do n’t want , make sure you put a stop to that before the 6 month subscription is up .
I also do n’t know if they will ship Madden on the day it comes out , or if there will be any delay , so if you ’re one of those people who needs to have the game in your hands the very first day , this might not be the deal for you .
Subscribe here : https://subs.timeinc.net/SI/si_madden09.jhtml
FYI , I ’m not getting paid by EA , John Madden , or Sports Illustrated for this post ( though free stuff is always nice ) .
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
You 've heard of the placebo effect , in which someone taking a dummy pill feels better .
The effect is reaffirmed by new research that reviewed 21 studies involving more than 46,000 participants altogether .
But the conclusion is not just that the power of positive thinking is at work , as other studies have shown .
Rather , taking medicine regularly and properly may indicate a person 's overall tactical approach to health .
Half the risk of death
People who take their medicine regularly , even if it's a placebo , have a lower risk of death than those who do n't , researchers report in this week 's issue of the British Medical Journal .
In fact , the risk of mortality was about half that of participants with poor adherence .
The reason may be that people who are good about taking their medicine are better overall at maintaining healthy behavior , the researchers write .
It 's also possible that people who fail to take their medicine have some other underlying condition such as depression , which can affect overall health .
The researchers , led by Scot Simpson of the University of Alberta , point out that one of the biggest challenges to physicians has long been getting people to take their medicine .
' Healthy adherer '
“ Our findings support the tenet that good adherence to drug therapy is associated with positive health outcomes , ” Simpson and his colleagues write .
“ Moreover , the observed association between good adherence to placebo and lower mortality also supports the existence of the healthy adherer effect , whereby adherence to drug therapy may be a surrogate marker for overall healthy behavior . ”
The bottom line , according to a commentary on the findings by U.S. researcher Betty Chewning University of Wisconsin - Madison , Madison :
Healing may lie not in the treatment but rather in patients ’ emotional and cognitive processes of “ feeling cared for ” and “ caring for oneself . ”
Basing treatments on these ideas “ could yield extra value in treatment regimens that patients agree to , believe in , and will sustain over time , " Chewning writes .
Download Release for 2.7 and 3.x ( last version I tested was 3.4.3 ) : https://pypi.python.org/pypi/3to2
Abstract lib3to2 is a set of fixers that are intended to backport code written for Python version 3.x into Python version 2.x .
The final target 2.x version is the latest version of the 2.7 branch , as that is the last release in the Python 2.x branch .
Some attempts have been made , however , to make code compatible as much as possible with versions of Python back to 2.5 , and bug reports are still welcome for Python features only present in 2.6 + that are not addressed by lib3to2 .
This project came about as a Google Summer of Code ( TM ) project in 2009 .
Status Because of the nature of the subject matter , 3to2 is not perfect , so check all output manually .
3to2 does the bulk of the work , but there is code that simply cannot be converted into a Python 2 equivalent for one reason or another .
3to2 will either produce working Python 2 code or warn about why it did not .
Any other behavior is a bug and should be reported .
lib3to2 ’s fixers are somewhat well - tested individually , but there is no testing that is done on interactions between multiple fixers , so most of the bugs in the future will likely be found there .
Intention lib3to2 is intended to be a tool in the process of developing code that is backwards - compatible between Python 3 and Python 2 .
It is not intended to be a complete solution for directly backporting Python 3 code , though it can often be used for this purpose without issue .
Sufficiently large packages should be developed with lib3to2 used throughout the process to avoid backwards - incompatible code from becoming too embedded .
There are some features of Python 3 that have no equivalent in Python 2 , and though lib3t o2 tries to fix as many of these as it can , some features are beyond its grasp .
This is especially true of features not readily detectable by their syntax alone and extremely subtle features , so make sure that code using lib3to2 is thoroughly tested .
Repository lib3to2 resides at http://bitbucket.org/amentajo/lib3to2, where the bug tracker can be found at http://bitbucket.org/amentajo/lib3to2/issues
Usage Run “ ./3to2 ” to convert stdin ( “ - “ ) , files or directories given as arguments .
By default , the tool outputs a unified diff - formatted patch on standard output and a “ what was changed ” summary on standard error , but the “ - w ” option can be given to write back converted files , creating “ . bak ” - named backup files .
If you are root , you can also install with “ ./ setup.py build ” and “ ./ setup.py install ” ( “ make install ” does this for you ) .
This branch of 3to2 must be run with Python 3 .
To install locally ( used for running tests as a non-privileged user ) , the scripts assume you are using python3.1 .
Modify accordingly if you are not .
We are experts in accreditation , Medicare Certification , and State Licensures for all outpatient ambulatory type healthcare businesses .
​
​
OUR HEALTH CARE ACCREDITATION EXPERIENCED CONSULTANTS
CAN ASSIST YOU AT GETTING ACCREDITED , LICENSED , AND EVEN MEDICARE CERTIFIED .
﻿
﻿ Regardless of whether you are in need of initial accreditation , renewal accreditation , Medicare Certification , De-Certification of Medicare Designation as a provider , or looking to open a new healthcare business and need help in determining what is required based on the state the company resides in , WE HAVE A SOLUTION FOR YOU WHEREAS NO PROJECT IS TOO LARGE OR TOO SMALL .
﻿
﻿ Our Health Care Consultants are more than eager to assist you in successfully reaching your goals in passing your upcoming survey .
We provide initial accreditation or re-accreditation services that can be customized to meet your individual needs regardless of the size of your organization or budget .
If you are in search of an Accreditation Consultant or Healthcare Accreditation Consultants , Our Accreditation Consultants are just what you need .
See what other clients think about us and our work !
﻿
Ambulatory health care is the term used to describe any health care that can be administered without the patient being admitted to the hospital .
The term ambulatory applies to the patient being able to " walk " into the facility for services and able to " walk out . "
Ambulatory can also be associated with the term outpatient , services that can be delivered without the patient being admitted to the acute care or inpatient care setting .
Our accreditation consultants have the proven expertise to provide you with the answers and information needed during a health care accreditation survey .
﻿
Accreditation Consultants for Surgery Centers , Ambulatory Surgery Centers ( ASC ) , Health Care Facilities , Health Care Centers , Home Health Agencies ( HHA ) , Behavioral Health , Detox , Durable Medical Equipment Companies ( DME or HME ) , Pharmacies , Radiology , MRI , CAT , Infusion Centers , PICC Line Centers , Sleep Medicine , Sleep Apnea , Staffing Registry , IDTF , Behavioral Health , Urgent Care Centers , Rural Health Clinic Designations , Congregate Living Facility , and More .
﻿
Our healthcare accreditation consultants offer the most affordable and practical accreditation consultation services available .
﻿
Whether it ’s DME Accreditation , ASC Accreditation , Sleep Medicine Accreditation , IDTF Certification , Rural Health Clinic Designation , Staffing Registry Joint Commission Accreditation , Medicare Certifications , Home Health Licensing / CHOW , OUR ACCREDITATION CONSULTANTS IS THE ONLY PLACE YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT HIRING , Accreditation Consultants is what you 're looking for in a consulting firm .
Attention WoW and Twitter fans !
Twitter has introduced a new client TweetCraft for its Tweeps and WoW fans 😀
You can access twitter ( tweet all you want ! ) while playing WoW .
Its extremely fascinating to imagine the way you can tweet with in your game !
For those who are unfamiliar , WoW is a massively popular online multiplayer role - playing game launched by Bizzard Entertainment .
You can have your achievements in the game automatically tweeted for all your friends to see ( which is the coolest part I guess ) .
You can either send the tweets right at that moment or send it in a queue so that it is tweeted automatically as the UI is reloaded .
You can also twitpic your current screenshot of the game at a single click .
( This does not require the reload of the UI ) .
You can delete queued tweets , reply to your friend ’s tweets and even retweet ( at a single click ) within the game .
BizStone , the co-founder of Twitter , also wrote a blog about it .
He commented on the video promo
“ Also , the overly dramatic video promo is fun ”
Here is a sneak peak at the new Twitter client :
Download World of WarCraft ( WoW )
Download TweetCraft
Related Stories
A metal alloy that is liquid at room temperature .
Suppose you had a metal alloy that had the advantages of liquid mercury , but without the toxic effects ?
You could make your own barometers and thermometers , and not worry about calling in a hazardous materials team to clean up after any accidents .
You could simply wipe up the mess with a paper towel .
You would n't have to worry about breathing in toxic mercury fumes , but you could still make neat little electric motors that dip into liquid metal to make their electrical connections .
Suppose further , that the metal would stick to glass , so you could paint it on glass to make your own mirrors .
Or that it would stick to paper so you could draw your own electric circuits in it ?
In the photo above , I am holding two small vials of liquid metal .
The vial on the right contains gallium , an element that melts at 29.76° Celsius ( 85.57° Fahrenheit ) .
The vial on the left is an alloy that contains gallium , indium , and tin , and melts at - 20° Celsius ( - 4° Fahrenheit ) .
( Both are available in our catalog . )
The gallium is liquid because I had the bottle in my shirt pocket , next to my warm body .
At normal comfortable room temperatures it is a solid .
Because gallium expands when it solidifies ( unlike most metals ) , the vials are only filled half way .
To get the solid metal out of the vial , simply warm it up in a cup of hot water until it melts .
Fun things to do with liquid metal
One fun thing you can do right away with the liquid metal alloy is make your own mirrors .
All it takes is a piece of glass and a cotton swab .
Dip the cotton swab in the vial , and twirl it around to coat it with the liquid metal alloy .
Now rub the coated swab on the glass ( in the phot we are using a glass microscope slide ) .
The metal sticks to the glass , and makes an opaque reflective coating .
In the photo above , I am holding the new mirror so that it reflects the view of the trees outside my window .
The camera is focused on the window , so the trees and my hand are out of focus .
Being able to make your own mirrors is an advantage when the mirror you need can't be bought anywhere .
For example , I needed a small lightweight mirror to glue to a speaker , so I could bounce a laser beam off of the speaker and have the music wiggle the mirror , making a pattern on the wall .
I used the liquid metal to coat a thin glass cover slip for a microscope slide .
The resulting mirror was very lightweight , and yet stiff , so it would remain flat while being bounced around by the speaker .
When it is glued onto the speaker and the music turned on , the laser makes a light show on the wall .
Using two speakers , and bouncing the light off of one and then off of the other , gives you two dimensions , and you can make a computer sound file that uses both stereo channels to draw pictures on the wall .
More fun things
There are lots of things you can do with liquid metal :
If you need a shiny surface , a dilute solution of hydrochloric acid can be placed on the surface , or you can use a light coating of mineral oil .
Both will prevent the slow oxidation of the metal that occurs over time .
How does it do that ?
Gallium is an element ( atomic number 31 , right below aluminum and just to the right of zinc in the periodic table of the elements ) .
It starts out with a very low melting point already , but we can add some other elements to get an even lower melting point .
Right below gallium in the periodic table is indium ( element 49 ) .
Just to the right of indium is tin ( element 50 ) .
When these elements are combined , their atoms bind together into a compound .
The molecules of that compound do not bind to one another as much as the atoms of the original metals bound to each other .
This lowers the melting point .
There are many ways to combine the three metals :
Compound Percentages Grams Ga Grams In Grams Sn Ga 14 In 3 Sn 2 62.65 % Ga , 22.11 % In , 15.24 % Sn 97.6122 34.4454 23.742 Ga 17 In 4 Sn 2 62.98 % Ga , 24.40 % In , 12.62 % Sn 118.529 45.9272 23.742 Ga 22 In 5 Sn 3 62.25 % Ga , 23.30 % In , 14.45 % Sn 153.391 57.409 35.613 Ga 25 In 5 Sn 4 62.43 % Ga , 20.56 % In , 17.01 % Sn 174.308 57.409 47.484 Ga 25 In 6 Sn 3 62.52 % Ga , 24.71 % In , 12.77 % Sn 174.308 68.8908 35.613
... and so on .
Each combination will have a slightly different melting point .
Which do you think has the lowest melting point ?
This might make a good science fair experiment .
A mixture of 76 % gallium and 24 % indium melts at 16° Celsius ( 61° Fahrenheit ) .
Both gallium and this combination can be supercooled .
That means that once melted , they can stay liquid even though they are cooled well below their melting points .
Eventually a small crystal forms , and starts the whole batch solidifying , but small amounts can be kept supercooled for quite a while .
The gallium - indium alloy is more reflective than mercury , and is less dense , so it is being explored as a replacement for mercury in spinning liquid mirrors for astronomical telescopes .
When gallium is exposed to air , a thin layer of gallium oxide forms on the surface , just like what happens with aluminum , the metal just above it in the periodic table .
This allows gallium alloys to " wet " almost any material , so instead of beading up , it spreads out over the surface .
This property makes it good for making mirrors , and for coating objects to make them conductive .
In the same way that mercury alloys with other metals to make amalgams , gallium also alloys with other metals .
When a small drop of gallium is placed on aluminum foil , for example , it will combine with the aluminum to make a liquid with a crusty surface , as in the photo below .
The alloy eventually combines with all of the aluminum , dissolving a hole in it .
If a drop of water is added to the resulting bead of liquid metal , the water combines vigorously with the aluminum , making a hot solution of caustic aluminum hydroxide .
What is left is the original drop of gallium , with a tiny amount of aluminum dissolved in it .
( Do n't put that drop back in the bottle , it will contaminate the rest of the gallium ) .
This experiment can be done with either the gallium , or the gallium - indium - tin alloy .
Next : Aerodynamics -- The Bernouli Ball
Order Gallium and Liquid Metal Alloy here .
Del.icio.us
>
The Mexican authorities have been accused by doctors of trying to cover up the scale of the swine flu outbreak .
Dr Antonio Chavez , a specialist in respiratory diseases at the Mexico National Institute of Health , said there was panic as medical staff in Mexico City struggled to deal with the problem .
Another doctor claimed that in the early stages , staff were asked not to place the cause of death on death certificates .
More than 100 deaths in Mexico have been connected to swine flu , but only 18 cases have been definitively linked to the virus through laboratory testing .
A further 1600 people have complained of flu - like symptoms since the authorities publicised their concern about the virus on April 23 .
PayPal and eBay spam has gotten to the point that I ’m not really sure how the actual companies send any legitimate emails anymore .
I ’ll pretty much automatically delete anything that purports to come from them , unless I ’m expecting a payment from someone via PayPal .
Although Gmail has already taken some measures to protect users from eBay and PayPal scams , the latest will hopefully put this problem to bed .
They ’ve added an “ authentication icon for verified senders ” that displays a key icon next to the name of email senders that the service has verified as authentic .
How does it know that the mail is authentic ?
Brad Taylor of Gmail explains that “ all of the sender 's email is authenticated with DKIM , ” which stands for DomainKeys Identified Mail .
Right now , it ’s a feature you enable from the Labs page under Settings , and is only in action on email from eBay and PayPal .
You could easily imagine this feature being extended to social networks though , as scammers continue to attempt to phish for user ’s credentials so they can spam friends and spread malware .
Gmail says that they “ hope to add more senders in the future ” and that when they do , the feature will work exactly the same as it does in today ’s test run .
El mercado de Forex es un negocio que cada vez está más en auge .
¿ En qué consiste exactamente ?
Forex es lo que se conoce en español como « comercio de divisas » .
Este mercado te puede ayudar a ganar mucho dinero si te decides a invertir en él .
Brokers … Leer
About This Photograph
When stars explode , they spew vast amounts of material into interstellar space .
When this rams into existing gas and dust , the resulting shock front is as beautiful as it is chaotic .
The above spectacle and an extremely dense collapsed stellar core are all that remains of a star that exploded thousands of years ago in the constellation of Gemini .
The somewhat more well - known Veil Nebula is another fine example of a supernova shock front .
Your Health .
Our Mission .
SIHF
Healthcare is changing the face of healthcare by welcoming you and your loved ones with open arms , regardless of your income or your situation .
Together , our team of health professionals specializing in adult & family medicine , pediatrics , obstetrics and gynecology , behavioral health and dental care services is breaking down barriers to ensure each of our neighbors and their family members have convenient access to quality care .
We help you take charge of your health at every stage of life , providing care , support , education , and critical services in communities , large and small .
Early one morning , Marcos observes Juan successfully pulling off a bill - changing scam on a cashier , and then getting caught as he attempts to pull the same trick on the next shift .
Marcos steps in , claiming to be a policeman , and drags Juan out of the store .
Once they are back on the street , Marcos reveals himself to be a fellow swindler with a game of much higher stakes in mind , and he invites Juan to be his partner in crime .
A once - in - a - lifetime scheme seemingly falls into their laps - an old - time con man enlists them to sell a forged set of extremely valuable rare stamps , The Nine Queens .
The tricky negotiations that ensue bring into the picture a cast of suspicious characters , including Marcos ' sister Valeria , their younger brother Federico and a slew of thieves , conmen and pickpockets .
As the deceptions mount , it becomes more and more difficult to figure out who is conning whom .
Written by Farsante
' Just how close do we have to be to RTLM ( Hutu Power Radio ) for anyone to see the parallel and say , " That 's enough , the people making these kind of threats are off the air for good . " ?
( You might recall from your watching of Hotel Rwanda that the hosts at RTLM gave information on where the Tutsis were located after talking about crushing the Tutsis like cockroaches .
Note : those hosts are now serving jail time for war crimes . )
Is it going to take a few more murders of the targets of right wing talk radio host 's ire for someone to act ?
And by someone I mean their own management .
And if management does n't act , showing us in writing the warnings to Savage along with his signed agreement posted on his website that he wo n't do this , then they need to pay a financial price .
That is the only thing that might get them to act .
The government will not act unless the EXACT right type of murder or violent assault happens .
I do n't think that will ever happen .
Savage knows he needs to avoid certain words and phrases .
He knows that unless it is spoken in - person to the person carrying out the murder the people defending the hosts will work on the " he has his right to free speech ! " line .
All talk radio and TV hosts know this , so they dance around it and practically demand that the people on the LEFT defend them . '
' Here 's the quote : I am calling upon all people in the media who have been harassed by this Stalinist group , Media Matters , to join forces and publish the names of the people in Media Matters and put their pictures up on their Web sites .
What 's good for the goose is good for the gander .
In the next few weeks you can expect me on michaelsavage.com to give you full pictures and other pertinent information about the individuals who are conducting a campaign against Michael Savage and other conservatives in the media .
Let 's see how they like it .
But is n't it interesting that this staunch defender of the First Amendment is trying to bully other people from their lawful exercise of that right ?
I guess he supports free speech as long as it's speech with which he agrees .
What 's also interesting to me is the " other pertinent information " part .
What information could that be ?
Their favorite color ?
How about address , where they work , that sort of thing ?
You know , the type of information that would be needed by someone if they were , say , stalking a person ?
So , Savage , go ahead and post that information .
But you 'd better drop on your knobby knees and pray that none of your mouth - breathing followers gets it in their head to " avenge " the " wrongs " done to you by your " enemies . "
Or do you like the way you look in stripes ? '
YOUTUBE : MEDIA MATTERSThese are not idle threats or harmless pranks .
We 've seen people murdered after being targeted by these Nazi wannabee's .
Their threadbare ideology is based upon anger and hatred and violence .
Many " conservatives " worship guns and threaten to kill anyone who would take them away .
Right - wing extremists in America have perpetrated more violent acts and killed more people than the Left ever did , by far .
Al Qaida is nothing compared to the Aryan Nation , the American Nazi Party , the Ku Klux Klan , et al .
They 've been around for over a hundred years , shooting and bombing , burning and lynching , terrorizing and intimidating the whole country .
Now the Right has taken control of much of our public airwaves .
24/7/52 they spew hatred and foment violence all across the nation on the radio and on TV .
It 's not just political bluster or ideological blather now .
It 's stalking and targeting and calling for violence against civilians and government officials , even the President of the United States .
If anyone on the Left had even hinted at this sort of thing , they would have been shut down and locked up long ago .
In a way , the Left is complicit in all this .
By failing to use the legitimate tools of the law , they are allowing a spark to become a flame .
If Obama and company do not do something about this media - inspired threat , the flame may become a conflagration .
That is the expressed intent of the political arsonists on the Right .
It needs to be stopped now , legally .
Here 's what Spocko had to say about the recent terroristic threats by Michael Savage against Media Matters , and the Left 's response .
Read the whole story on his site : SPOCKO'S BRAINOUR RESPONSE :
You 're just trying to get our hopes up with that story about RTLM , are n't you ?
Of course , some of us would have to be hacked to death first , but , as long as it is n't me , it 's worth it .
Actually , we 've had laws against this sort of thing for a long time .
They 've been " reading the Riot Act " since 1792 , aka the Militia Act in the US , now chapter 15 of title 10 , United States Code .
Peaceful speakers at rallies that got out of handhave been prosecuted and even killed just for speaking .
Four anarchist leaders were hung just forviolence in the Haymarket Affair in 1886 .
The Chicago Seven were charged with " conspiracy " after the police riotedin 1968 .
I think the right deserves a taste of this very old medicine , which is still on the books .
It would even be fair , for once .
We do n't have to actually hang them .
We 're still liberals .
Lethal injection would be fine .
After a fair trial , of course .
Howard Stern and Infinity Broadcasting have been fined millions of dollars for his harmless adolescent antics .
Several of the broadcast TV ' Nets have been fined for various audio & video " accidents " which merely titillated some and offended others in the audience .
The same laws could be used against NewsCorp & ClearChannel , but Obama is not changing Bushco policies on giving the Right a free pass .
The law specifically forbids : as well asThe FEC could also be investigating the endless free campaign commercials on behalf of the GOP disguised as programming by the right - wing ' Nets , but they 're not .
Violations can be reported in online complaint forms from both agencies , but I 've yet to hear of any action .
Part of the problem is , there are just so bloody many of these hate - mongers and rabble - rousers ; and they have so many sponsors .
Taking action against all of them is impossible , and taking action against just a few of them is ineffectual .
Some major action has to be initiated by Obama , or by a citizens ' group to make a huge example of one of the main instigators of right - wing terror .
They have the RICO Act , the Patriot Acts , the FCC regulations the " Riot Act " and the campaign finance laws .
They do n't need any new laws .
They do need political will .
The thing is , the very same media outlets control , manipulate and distort perceptions of public opinion to the point where the Democrats do n't seem to realize that they are in the majority , and that most of us are sick of Savage and his ilk , and want to know why they have n't been shut down .
We have to find a way to break through the Blue Dog & Clinton - Bush appointee wall of silence , and demand that Obama do something , while he still can .
He 's never going to make friends with these nutjobs .
And why should he ?
They 're only 5 or 10 % of the electorate , at most .
The other 90 % are tired of their incitements to violence , fighting words and crying fire in a crowded theater .
We need to make the FCC , FEC , FBI and Homeland Security stop them now , before we have a Kristallnacht or a Reichstag Fire .
Or worse .
That 's what we 're headed for , if we do n't do something about it .
How far would an extreme left - wing nutjob get with these kinds of threats and incitements to violence ?
How many doctors and nurses have to die before these terrorist Republican mullahs have their electronic madrassah 's shut down ?
SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER
Labels : Conservative , extremist , Fascistic , hate - monger , incitement to violence , Michael Savage Weiner , Naz- wannabee 's , rabid , Republican , Right - Wing , terroristic threatening , wing - nut
TO POST A COMMENT : CLICK ON " COMMENTS , " " Post a Comment " or " # of COMMENTS " just below the SOCIAL BOOKMARKING LINKS ( Digg , Delicious , etc ) , about three inches down from here .
Please do comment .
Thank you .
Suggestion Box & Tip Jar
We would like to make over this blog to make it easier to access , to read and to comment on .
We would also like to serve our readers better by providing more of what you need and want to see .
All serious suggestions will be considered .
We hope to move to our own domain in the near future , and we would like to ask for your financial assistance in doing that , and in upgrading our hardware & software .
Small one - time donations and larger long - term subscriptions are welcome .
Exclusive advertising is also available .
If you think we are wasting our time in doing all this , please let us know .
If you wish to help us , now is the time .
As always , negative bullsh*t from right - wing trolls will be sh*tcanned .
Thank you to everyone else .
Please send feedback & PayPal contributions to cosanostradamusATexciteDOTcom .
Thanks .
IMPORTANT MESSAGE FROM YOUR BLOGGERS : SUPPORT OUR TROOPS : BRING THEM ALL HOME ALIVE , NOW !
Ever wonder why we Americans keep fighting all these wars & losing them , Reagan 's triumph over Granada notwithstanding ?
Why does it seem irrelevant whether we win or lose ?
Might the answer be that war profiteers haul away train loads of cash correlated to body count regardless of the outcome of the war ?
Might it be that a sizable sector of our economy is completely dependent on waging off shore wars ?
Central & South America are in the crosshairs of the Pentagon & America 's war industry .
With the economy on its knees & the Iraq war a settled loss & winding down , with Afghanistan stumbling from mess to disaster to mess , the sense that Lockheed - Martin , Raytheon , Northrop - Grumman , Boeing , GE , et. al. , are drooling down the necks of war planners at the Pentagon for another war is palpable .
With the surprise announcement on July 15 , by right wing President Álvaro Uribe Ve'lez that the U.S. Government would station American military personnel & equipment in seven Colombian bases , the response was predictable & dark .
Openly moving American troops to bases the U.S. military calls Forward Operating Locations ( FOLs ) * , in Colombia is pure belligerence & a provocation for war & everyone but the main stream American media seems to know it .
That Colombia is a corrupted narco - state & the region 's most repressive death squad democracy changes nothing whatsoever .
In any case , the agreement raises some grisly questions about immunity which is another way of saying US soldiers , pilots and sailors cannot be prosecuted in Colombian &/ or presumably international courts for war crimes .
Sound familiar ?
It is the over riding reason the U.S. refuses to sign on to the legal agreements of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
Imagine what would happen if a similar agreement was established for installing Mexican military personnel in Texas .
The former head of Colombia 's constitutional court , Jose Gregorio Hernandez , told AFP , " Immunity for United States soldiers is not in any way justified .
It violates the principle of equality vis -à - vis our own soldiers .
This immunity could become impunity because ... a slow and likely unsuccessful diplomatic process would be required ( before justice could be applied ) . "
Yang Qingchuan , in an article for Global Research , writes , " After the U.S. military withdrawal from Panama in 1999 , the Pentagon has been expanding the ' cooperative security locations ' in the region .
The U.S. Southern Command also operates some 17 radar sites , mostly in Peru and Colombia .
All of the above is in addition to existing U.S. bases in Latin America , including a missile tracking station on Ascension Island in the Caribbean , and Soto Cano in Palmerola , Honduras .
Furthermore , the United States has small military presences and property in Antigua , Peru , Colombia , Venezuela , and on Andros Island in the Bahamas . "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
EXCLUSIVE : Model Liskula Cohen Wins Court Battle with Google to Learn Blogger 's Identity Liskula Cohen said hateful blog posts by acquaintance damaged her career .
Aug. 19 , 2009  --
She had graced the cover of Vogue and found success as a model .
But Liskula Cohen 's latest achievement came in the courtroom .
Horrified by the hateful words of an anonymous blogger , Cohen took Google to court in hopes of forcing the company to reveal the writer 's identity -- and won .
" Why should anybody let it go ?
If somebody attacks somebody on the street , you 're not going to let it go … why should I just ignore it ? "
Cohen told " Good Morning America " exclusively today .
" I could n't find one reason to ignore it . "
Google initially refused to unmask the unidentified writer , who Cohen , 36 , claimed defamed her by posting words like " skanky , " " ho " , and " whoring " below her photographs .
The IP address turned over by Google revealed that the blogger was an acquaintance of Cohen's .
Cohen said it was a woman she had n't seen in about a year , but who was a regular fixture at dinners and parties , but she was not , as Cohen had feared , someone who was close to her .
" Thank God it was her… she 's an irrelevant person in my life , " Cohen said .
" She 's just somebody that , whenever I would go out to a restaurant , to a party in New York City … she was just that girl that was always there . "
In August 2008 , the unnamed blogger wrote five different posts entitled " Skanks of NYC " on the Google - owned website Blogger.com .
There were two photographs posted on the blog that show Cohen and an unidentified man in sexually suggestive positions .
The captions below described her as the " Skankiest in NYC " and a " psychotic , lying , whoring ... skank . "
One post read " desperation seeps from her soul , if she even has one . "
The blog was eventually taken down even though Google continued to refuse Cohen the IP address until the court ruled in her favor .
Cohen , who described herself as a " serial monogamist " and has a " zero tolerance drug policy , " said the words were defamatory and harmful to her career .
Prospective clients would question her about the blog and what she was doing in the photos , she says .
" Finding new clients this year has not been a walk in the park , " she said .
" I 've worked very long in this industry . "
Cohen and her lawyer , Steven Wagner , said they are now planning a defamation suit against the blogger .
" We 're not in it to make money , " Wagner told " Good Morning America . "
" We 're in it because something was done that was wrong . "
Liskula Cohen Took Google to Court
In siding with Cohen , Justice Joan Madden of the New York State Supreme Court rejected the blogger 's argument that " blogs serve as a modern day forum for conveying personal opinions , including invective and ranting , and that the statements in this action when considered in that context , cannot be reasonably understood as factual assertions . "
Cohen found out the identity of the blogger , whose name has not been made public , on Tuesday and immediately called her .
Cohen says she started out by apologizing to the woman for anything she may have done to earn her ire .
But she says the blogger told her that she did n't know what she was talking about and said the two women should not speak to each other except in the presence of their attorneys .
Cohen said she has chosen to forgive the woman who wrote the nasty words even though she says the blogger has yet to apologize .
" I have pretty solid friendships , and I trust my friends , " she said .
" I do n't know what I would have done if it had been somebody that I valued as a friend . "
Wagner said he hoped his client 's triumph in court will show others that anonymity on the Internet is n't what it used to be .
" I do n't know if it will change the Internet , " he said .
" It will change the way some people will act on the Internet . "
Classic Car Insurance
Classic Collectors insure the most antique , classic and treasured cars that one might own .
These are special types of insurances that really take care of the details of the state of cars .
They give proper mileage calculation of such cars to get to the core of the insurance investment .
The full pleasure of driving a classical car comes with the age of the vehicle as well as the age limitation and customization of the special needs of the car .
There are no vehicle limitations coming with these insurance policies which take care of these cars in the best possible ways .
Hagerty Insurance Agency for instance is a great insurance business that keeps the years rolling for vintage cars , bringing them in lively state .
One really gets to benefit from the premiums and insurances .
The Agreed Value coverage can bring immense benefits to the liability charges .
These are also good for securing the adequate protection of the cars and keeping them in good state .
The charges do n’t matter as long as there are no in - house claims which can come to be hefty .
The repairing shops can also be chosen according to the specialty of the vintage cars .
Different cars would have separate needs and thus it is always wiser to go by the unique need of your car and consulting your insurance dealer of course .
For vintage car customized insurance not only help to save the costs long run but also keep the car in great shape .
The CHROME specialty car insurance for instance , insures cars like Classic , Hot Rods , Original , Modified and Exotic .
This is how the acronym of CHROME is derived .
There are additional value coverage too that gets charged through the use of CHROME insurance .
Overall it is a great thing to work with !
You can get spare body parts worth $ 500 for the maintenance of the car .
There is a generous system working for your vintage cars when you are having wide mileage coverage .
The mileage coverage could go up to 10,000 miles .
There are roadside , service as well as flatbed towing that are often available through the incurring of insurance like this .
Grundy worldwide insurance has to be over 60 years with the insuring collector having used their cars to have new cars to offer .
The Agreed Value coverage is a great thing as well for unlimited mileage and careful preservation of old cars , to keep the best of their looks and performing abilities .
Credit : flickr
American Collectors
Insurance is another kind of classic car insurance that quotes really high profile vintage cars for their up keeping .
The Agreed and Core Value coverage of these cars come with zero deductible and does not bring additional costs at all .
There is an increase in value every 2 to 8 % per year .
They have agreed value coverage and no additional costs have been added to that ever since recession .
Over all this is one kind of insurance that is really helpful to look after your vintage beauty to the best .
Bruce Bartlett 's fellow Republicans scare him .
He pushes back against the dominance of Hooverism in the Republican Party :
To Opponents Of The Stimulus :
Over the past year , we have heard much criticism of the stimulus and Keynesian economics from conservatives , but we have heard precious little about what should have been done instead once it was clear that a very serious recession was underway .
This implies that conservatives think the government should have done nothing and allowed the economy to crash or recover on its own .
This is in fact the explicit view of those associated with the right - wing Austrian school of economics , which includes Congressman Ron Paul , R - Texas .
If the economy should have been forced to recover on its own without any help from government , then this suggests that the cause of the crisis had nothing to do with government policy ; it 's all the private sector 's fault .
As economist William Poole of the libertarian Cato Institute said last November , " I hold the market responsible for the financial crisis . "
In this view , private businesses , investors and workers made mistakes and must pay for them .
If they are rescued through bailouts , unemployment compensation and stimulus programs , it will reduce the punishment for those mistakes , which will lead them to make the same ones again in the future .
Inflicting maximum pain on the private sector , therefore , is just tough love .
If the recession is primarily the result of private - sector mistakes , then perhaps one could justify the conservative do - nothing policy .
There are two problems , however .
First , many of those suffering from the recession clearly did nothing wrong ; they 're innocent bystanders -- workers who have lost jobs through no fault of their own , investors who have suffered huge wealth losses due to the misfeasance or malfeasance of corporate executives , and well - run businesses that were forced into bankruptcy solely because of the recession .
Basic fairness and compassion demand that something be done to aid those who suffer collateral damage from economic crises .
And in a democracy it is inevitable that government will respond to their cries for help .
Rather than say that people should just suck it up , I think it would be better for conservatives to support temporary programs to help people cope .
By refusing to do so , they make it easier for liberals to use a crisis as an excuse to enlarge government with permanent programs that probably could n't be enacted except during a crisis .
Hemp and its close cousin , marijuana , were outlawed by the federal government in the 1930s .
But Oregon will become one of a handful of states to give farmers the option of growing it when the new law — signed by Gov. Ted Kulongoski on Tuesday — takes effect Jan .
1 .
The legislation requires industrial hemp to have very low levels of THC , and the law also redefines " marijuana " and " controlled substance " under Oregon law to further distinguish industrial hemp .
The DEA has put restrictions on hemp research , said Mark Mellbye of Oregon State University .
And the agency has shut down growing operations in other states that have legalized hemp , and prevented the Lakota Sioux tribe in South Dakota from growing it on sovereign land , said Daryl Ehrensing of Oregon State 's Crop and Soil Science Department .
Whether the agency cracks down on any eventual Oregon growers is anybody 's guess , Ehrensing said .
But he said he doubts the federal government would follow Oregon in making similar changes to federal law .
" Nobody knows what the feds will do at this point , " he said .
" I do n't think anybody 's going to take a chance with forfeiting their land to the federal government . "
Also , commercial growers in Oregon would n't be able to grow hemp on a large scale because of the dry summers that much of the state experiences , Ehrensing said .
But Ehrensing said that he 's received calls from companies interested in experimenting with growing hemp .
He thinks somebody may try growing hemp a try as early as next year .
Note : Despite approval from lawmakers this past session , growing hemp industrially in Oregon may not be a reality .
Source : Seattle Times ( WA )
Published : August 9 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Seattle Times Company
Contact : opinion@seatimes.com
Website : http://www.seattletimes.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/u0f6GHDu
Related Article :
Governor Expected To Sign Bill Legalizing Hemp
http://cannabisnews.com/news/thread24944.shtml
CannabisNews Hemp Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/hemp.shtml
Conventional wisdom says that Cash for Clunkers provided a big - time boost to dealers .
After all , before Clunkers , most showroom floors were bereft of customers , and scores of dealerships were closing their doors .
As good as C4C has been for customers , many dealers are all too happy it 's over .
A recent ( admittedly unscientific ) survey conducted by Automotive News shows that 44 % of the 800 dealers polled would n't want C4C to be extended again , even if the program was modified .
Only 3 % felt that the program should have been extended without being modified .
The biggest issue dealers have with C4C is , unsurprisingly , its lack of timely payment .
Some multi-store dealers have millions invested in the program , while little or no money has come in yet .
An alarming 23 % of dealers say they have had to borrow money to cover the cash crunch left in the wake of the Clunkers program , while an additional 10 % say the program has actually sucked enough cash from the coffers that it has put the dealership at risk .
The Transportation Department and the Obama Administration have stated that every eligible C4C transaction will result in payment , but the federal guarantee is n't boosting many dealers ' confidence .
AN says that 43 % of dealers surveyed are n't very confident that they 'll receive all of their C4C dollars , while an additional 18 % are not at all confident that they 'll be paid in full .
Some dealers say that C4C has also hurt their repair , finance , used car and parts businesses , but that 's okay if they collect from the feds .
Even with the considerable downside of C4C , 74 % of dealers say that if they 're paid in full by the federal government , the program will positively affect their bottom line , while 5 % say they somehow managed to lose money .
Cash for Clunkers officially ended last night at 8 pm . [ Source : Automotive News - Sub. Req. | Image Source : Ethan Miller / Getty ]
But , according to US media reports quoting a friend of the family , the Jacksons want the coffin entombed in concrete immediately after the funeral – which is expected to be held in secret before Tuesday 's public memorial service – because of fears that a crazed fan could try to dig it up .
As the source of the most powerful natural hallucinogen known , salvia is drawing scrutiny from U.S. authorities who want to restrict this Mexican herb , now used recreation­ally by some .
But neuro­scientists worry that controlling it before studies have determined its safety profile is premature and could hamper research of the drug 's medicinal value .
Increasingly , evidence is piling up that it could lead to new and safer anti­depressants and pain relievers , as well as even help in improving treatments for such mental illnesses as schizophrenia and addiction .
The plant , formally known as Salvia divinorum , has a long tradition of shamanic usage by the Mazatec people of central Mexico .
Salvinorin
A , the primary psychoactive component , is part of a class of naturally occurring organic chemicals called diterpenoids , and it affects neural receptors in the brain similar to those that respond to opiate painkillers such as morphine — but without euphoric and addictive properties .
That is because salvinorin A binds mostly to only one type of receptor ( the so - called kappa opioid receptor ) and not significantly to receptors that could lead to addiction ( such as the mu opioid receptor ) .
As the popularity of salvia has risen over the past 16 years — its psychoactive properties were discovered in 1993 by Daniel Siebert , an independent ethnobotanist based in Malibu , Calif . — calls to treat the plant as an illegal drug have grown louder .
Twelve states have recently placed S. divinorum in their most restrictive controlled substance category , and four others have laws restricting sales .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has listed salvia as “ a drug of concern ” and is looking into the drug to determine whether it should be declared a Schedule I controlled substance , on par with heroin and LSD .
The unusual properties of salvinorin A intrigue scientists .
Psychiatric researcher Bruce Cohen and his colleagues at Harvard Medical School have been developing analogues of salvinorin A and studying their possible mood - modulating properties .
The team ’s work with salvinorin A in animals suggests “ that a drug that would block kappa opioid receptors might be an antidepressant drug — probably a nonaddictive one — or a mood stabilizer for patients with bipolar disorder , ” Cohen remarks .
By activating the kappa opioid receptors , drugs such as salvinorin A could reduce dependence on stimulants and the mood - elevating and mood - rewarding effects of cocaine .
Because salvinorin
A can produce distortions of thinking and perception , researchers speculate that blocking the receptors might alleviate some symptoms of psychoses and dissociative disorders .
Some investigators , including the team at Harvard , believe that modified forms of salvinorin A could bolster its medicinal value .
Tom Prisinzano , a medicinal chemist at the University of Kansas , points out that some chemical transformations of salvinorin A have different pharmacological abilities — such as a longer - lasting action or an enhanced ability to bind to receptors — and no hallucinogenic properties .
Modifying its novel structure , he says , “ could potentially treat a number of different central nervous system disorders . ”
But if salvinorin
A becomes a federally scheduled drug , research on it would become “ much more difficult , ” predicts Rick Doblin , director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies , a nonprofit based in Santa Cruz , ­Calif .
Prisinzano agrees , saying that “ there will be a lot more paperwork involved , ” subsequently making approval for clinical studies harder to obtain .
For example , human studies with LSD were essentially blocked for more than 35 years because of federal restrictions , and currently only one human study with LSD is being conducted in the world .
As Doblin puts it , approval boards at universities and research institutions view proposals involving criminalized drugs with extreme caution .
“ And funders are reluctant to look at potentially beneficial uses of drugs of abuse , ” he adds .
Right now only two labs conduct human studies with salvinorin A : one run by psychiatric researchers Deepak Cyril D’Souza and Mohini Ranganathan , both at the Yale University School of Medicine , and the other by pharmacologist John Mendelson of the University of California , San Francisco .
Both groups are performing preliminary tests to determine how best to administer salvinorin A to human volunteers and collect basic data .
D’Souza and Ranganathan argue that scheduling the drug should wait until evidence about its effects and toxicity become clear .
The neuroscience community has yet to throw its collective weight behind formal battles against legal restrictions .
“ This has been more of a simmering back - burner than a flaming front - burner issue .
Still , the issue is a serious one , with implications for policy , drug enforcement and research , ” Cohen says .
Many people have begun letter - writing campaigns to their representatives in Washington , D.C. Scientists as much as salvia fans undoubtedly hope that such grassroots activity could eventually alter the government ’s mind .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Salvia On Schedule . "
JREF Swift Blog
Skeptics with Appeal
We 've had some wins and losses in the past year for skepticism .
Some of these -- on both sides -- have been pretty big .
Two of our big losses , for example , were Simon Singh 's denial of his appeal to overturn an absurd UK libel ruling , and the firing of Chris Comer who did the horrifying act of trying to alert people about a science talk in Texas .
It turns out , the news may yet turn around for our two allies .
1 ) Simon has announced he will go for an oral reconsideration of his denial of appeal .
Initially , he submitted a written application for the court to reconsider its findings about his libel case ( where the British Chiropractic Association is suing him over his use of the word " bogus " in reference to the quackeriffic aspects of chiropractic ) , and that was turned down .
An oral appeal is allowed , and that will happen on October 14 .
That 's right after TAM London , and I just bet Simon will have something to say at that meeting .
Well , what he 's legally allowed to say , at least .
2 ) Chris Comer 's case is a bit older , so to refresh your memory : in November 2007 she worked ( note the tense ) for the Texas Education Agency ( TEA ) .
She received an email announcing a talk by the wonderful Barbara Forrest , the topic of which was the Dover creationism trial and other encroachments of religion on science .
Comer , noting that a lot of the people she knows would be interested in such a talk , forwarded the email to her colleagues .
The TEA then fired her , saying Comer abused her position at TEA to promote an anti-religious stance .
It was a ridiculous accusation and clearly a political move , but they tried to cover their butts by saying they have to remain neutral on matters of religion versus science .
Note that this is the Texas Education Agency .
They have to remain neutral on the truth ?
Um , what ?
Ms. Comer filed suit against the TEA saying this neutrality policy is actually a violation of the First Amendment , but a judge ruled against her .
Note : remind me to never , ever break a law in Texas .
Anyway , the good news is that Ms. Comer is appealing the decision .
You can watch a short video about all this courtesy of the National Center for Science Education 's YouTube channel .
I 'm very glad to see both these skeptics are not going down without a fight .
The forces of ignorance lurk around every corner , and we must continue to rail and rally against them .
Haji -Ioannou .
Given that Haji - Ioannou is a member of the New Enterprise Council , set up to advise the Tories on business policy , this could even be his idea .
Whoever gets the ' credit ' for this repulsive idea , what it entails is sectioning off a large number of basic council services and making your access to them dependent on your ability to pay - whether you 're looking for planning permission or in need of adult social care .
The council leader , a gimlet - eyed former business consultant named Mike Freer explains that
he wants to persuade residents to do more to look after themselves and intends to forge " a new relationship with citizens " which will include the understanding that , as with budget airlines , the council will not automatically provide blanket coverage of services as they have tried to do before .
The Telegraph enthuses about how residents "
The council will also be outsourcing core functions , such as refuse collection , street maintenance , etc. , supposedly to save money .
The main way in which money is saved by outsourcing is in what management magazines refer to as lower HR operating costs - fewer staff , lower wages , no union shenanigans .
That means worse service , and it also means raising unemployment and cutting demand in the middle of a recession .
The overall effect is to use the recession to attack the very basics of public service , substantially roll back welfare , introduce the most regressive measures into provision , and mount an attacked on organised labour .
So , if there is any reader who lives in Barnet , please get some of your friends together and occupy the bloody council offices .
I would especially appreciate it if you would make your protests known to Mr Freer .
August 9 , 2009
Woman duped by middle - age man who acted like a child
BY REBECCA BASU
FLORIDA TODAY
Janet Schulte believed the man when he told her by phone that his 40 - something , disabled brother needed a caregiver who could bottle - feed him and change his diapers .
What the Melbourne woman can’t believe is that he committed no crime , now that she said she has found out the situation was a charade : that the man and his brother were same person .
And that he did n’t have the disabilities he claimed to have .
” I feel violated , ” Schulte said , sharing her story because she said the man has deceived other women and will try again .
“ I feel disgusted .
” Investigators and prosecutors have refused to pursue charges , saying Schulte was paid and agreed to provide the care .
FLORIDA TODAY is not identifying him because he is not being charged .
” I consented to change his diapers , but I legitimately thought this man needed help , ” she said .
“ How can that not be a crime for him to come into my house and expose himself ? ” Sgt. David Marich , head of general crimes for the North Precinct of the Brevard County Sheriff ’s Office , brought Schulte ’s case to the State Attorney ’s Office .
When prosecutors said there was n’t enough evidence , Marich said his office did more research to try to find some statute that was violated .
“ It ’s a weird case , ” Sheriff ’s Lt. Tod Goodyear said .
“ It ’s really on a borderline of possibly being a fraud .
He is perpetrating something there because he ’s doing it under a false pretense . ”
FLORIDA TODAY tried several times to reach the man at his Port St. John home and on a cell phone .
He did not answer the door or the phone .
How It Started
The deception began , Schulte said , when she placed an ad online on Craigslist.org offering child care services .
She said a man called and asked Schulte if she knew any special - needs caregivers .
And , she said , his story went on .
The man told Schulte that a car accident left his brother with physical disabilities , including weak arms , poor bladder control and the mental capacity of a 5 - year - old .
He told her how an aunt and current caregiver had no patience .
He offered Schulte $ 600 a week to look after his brother .
The man insisted that his brother could come to Schulte ’s house by himself because the aunt lived nearby and he knew the neighborhood .
Schulte said “ the brother ” spent his days at her house watching cartoons and playing video games .
“ I took care of him just like I would my kids , ” she said .
“ I rubbed his head when he was falling asleep .
I waited on him hand and foot . ”
In the three months Schulte provided care , she said the man never slipped out of character .
“ The guy played such a good role , ” whether pretending to be the brother or the man who hired her .
“ Brother ” not seen .
Schulte said the man who hired her always had an explanation for any red flags .
She tried to meet him in person , but their plans always fell through .
But that seemed normal , given their competing schedules .
Schulte and her husband , Dominic Randall , talked to him often by phone .
Then Schulte said her husband noticed subtle changes in “ the brother ’s ” behavior , and payment to his wife was erratic .
Schulte said Randall followed him one day when he left their home : Instead of walking to his aunt ’s house , he got into a parked car two blocks away and drove off .
Her husband followed the man to his home and confronted him , she said , and sheriff ’s deputies came .
According to a sheriff ’s report , the man admitted to the deception and blamed post - traumatic stress disorder , without further explanation .
Schulte said his behavior was never sexual in nature .
She briefly posted a warning on Craigslist , and she said five women wrote to her , saying they had nearly been taken in by the scam .
Some suggested that it might be an “ adult baby ” or “ diaper - lover ” fetish .
Often , people with such fetishes want to be treated as babies and talk in barely audible voices , as the man did .
Advice on fraud .
Ross Wolf , a criminal justice professor at the University of Central Florida , said the man obtained services fraudulently , but he paid for them .
“ It ’s the opposite of what fraud statutes are set up to criminalize , ” he said .
The laws seek to prosecute people who get money , goods or services with deception and do n’t reciprocate fairly .
“ There is not a law for everything that we might consider improper or criminal in nature , ” Wolf said .
“ I think it ’s unfortunate that things like this happen to people where we do n’t have legislation , but we do have an imperfect system of justice , and it ’s constantly under revision . ”
Schulte can go the civil suit route ,
Wolf said , especially because she did n’t get her full pay .
And Melbourne police have reopened the case , investigating whether the man used another person ’s credit card illegally when he paid Schulte .
But neither would likely get Schulte what she wants : a conviction and jail time for the man she says took advantage of her in a humiliating way .
“ This is not going to stop unless somebody really does something about this , ” she said .
Additional Facts
What could Schulte do ?
The following tips might have helped Janet Schulte protect herself against the deception she describes :
If you ’re inexperienced in the service you ’re providing , consult with someone knowledgeable .
Although Schulte took a course about caring for people with special needs , she never had cared for an adult with this condition .
Ask the person for his full name , address and telephone number ( not mobile ) .
Check that information using the phone book , voter records or online searches .
Do n’t rely on phone calls to develop a rapport or a relationship with someone .
Meet in person at a public place .
Ask to review a doctor ’s orders or some documents that show a person ’s needs .
Warner Chilcott has agreed to buy Procter & Gamble ’s prescription drug business for about $ 3 billion , people briefed on the matter said Sunday .
An announcement of the deal may be made as soon as Monday , these people said .
The deal is expected to be financed by about $ 4 billion in debt , to be provided by six banks , led by Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase .
The lending group also includes Barclays Capital , Citigroup , Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley .
The sale process for the Procter & Gamble unit was run by Goldman Sachs .
Among the unit ’s products is Actonel , a treatment for osteoporosis .
The deal , one of the largest during a slow summer for mergers and acquisitions , will help bolster Warner Chilcott , a publicly traded drug maker based in Ireland that sells products focused on women ’s health care and skin care products .
This is the personal blog of Andre " Floh " Weissflog the original creator of The Nebula Device game engine .
I work at Bigpoint on really cool stuff
The first results are in from the Kepler orbiting observatory , the world 's most powerful planet - searching telescope , and according to MIT planetary scientist Sara Seager they show that the instrument should have no trouble detecting " alien Earths " -- planets that are about the size of our own .
After its launch on March 6 , Kepler began taking test data for engineering purposes .
It was this engineering data , before the official inauguration of science operations , that produced the observatory 's first published results , appearing this week in the journal Science .
Seager , the Ellen Swallow Richards Associate Professor of Planetary Science and Associate Professor of Physics , is part of the Kepler science team but was not personally involved in this initial paper .
She appeared at a NASA press conference on Thursday , Aug. 6 , to comment on the significance of the results .
" These are very exciting times for exoplanets , " Seager said , because for the first time astronomers are getting enough data to be able to answer basic questions about the composition of planets orbiting other stars , and how they compare to the familiar planets of our own solar system .
The new data prove that Kepler 's capabilities are as great as the astronomers had expected and that the telescope is now fully operational .
Kepler was designed to be the first telescope capable of discovering many Earth - sized planets around other stars , and the new data " show that Kepler can indeed do this , " she said .
The Kepler telescope is designed for nonstop monitoring of a field of view containing 100,000 stars , staring at them continuously to observe the slight dip in brightness that occurs whenever a planet passes in front of a star .
The details from the new observations provided " a truly spectacular measurement of what we call the ' thermal phase curve ' of a hot Jupiter , " Seager said .
" Hot Jupiters " are planets comparable in size to the giant planet Jupiter , but located so close to their parent stars that they are strongly heated by the star 's radiation .
In the case of this previously observed planet , called HAT - P - 7 , the new data show the planet is " tidally locked " so that it always has the same side facing towards the star ( just as our own moon always shows the same side toward Earth ) .
As a result , that side is extremely hot , while the opposite side remains much cooler .
The thermal phase curve is a graph that plots the varying brightness from the planet as it revolves around the star once every 2.2 days , getting brighter when the hot side faces us and dimmer when the cool side faces us .
" I am personally very excited about this result because it comes from only 10 days of Kepler data , " Seager said , adding that over Kepler 's expected operating lifetime of 3.5 years , there will be so much more data that it should become possible to learn many additional details about the nature of this planet , as well as many others .
What 's really remarkable about all this is that I suspect most people do n't even complain about it .
It is just the way corporations treat us these days , and complaining about it is useless .
It is not as if any other cell - phone company would have treated me any better , after all .
They make their money on people who buy high - minute plans and send lots of text messages and download tunes and upgrade to e-mail and broadband .
I do n't do any of that , so they do n't really care about my business .
And why should they ?
Switzerland will hand over bank account details to US authorities , settling a tax dispute that has threatened Swiss banking secrecy .
UBS
UBS
UBS
UBS
UBS
Thousands of customers of the Swiss bankare suspected by America of evading tax .
Now , under pressure from the US , has agreed to hand over details of 4,450 accounts although that is far fewer than the 35,000 requested .
Swiss Foreign Affairs Minister , Micheline Calmy - Rey , said : “ This agreement preserves Swiss interests and , in that sense , it is a good agreement .
The negotiations have been difficult but they were in the context of the excellent bilateral relations we have with the United States . ”
The deal will enableto rebuild its battered image as a haven for tax evaders and has allowed the Swiss government to sell its stake in the bank .
John Coffee , Professor of Law at Columbia Law School , said : “ This is probably the end of ’s role as a major vehicle for tax evasion for Americans with mobile assets that they could place abroad . ”
The new treaty means American tax inspectors will go afterclients suspected of committing tax fraud under the double taxation agreement that obliges Switzerland to provide help if Washington needs it to pursue a criminal investigation .
( CNN ) -- Known for building skate parks and shaping the skateboarding scene in New York , Andy Kessler , 48 , died this week after an allergic reaction to an insect sting , friends and family told news media .
Andy Kessler , seen in 2005 , reportedly died this week after suffering an allergic reaction to an insect sting .
Kessler 's death is a reminder that stings can be deadly for those with an allergy to certain insects , the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology said Friday .
At least 40 people in the United States die each year as the result of insect stings , the academy said .
As many as 5 percent of Americans are at risk for a severe , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction from insect stings , according to the organization .
In a typical week in the emergency room , doctors at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta , Georgia , see about six or fewer cases of people with allergic reactions to insects , said Dr. James P. Capes , director of the emergency department .
" It 's common , but not incredibly common , " he said .
Typically , when stung by an insect , a person will have no reaction or a mild local reaction , such as redness , swelling or itching at the site of the sting .
However , some people experience a more widespread reaction , such as a drop in blood pressure , lightheadedness or hives all over .
iReport.com : Send us your allergy stories
In the most serious cases , a person can go into anaphylaxis , a condition in which he or she may have difficulty breathing .
Other symptoms include swelling of the mouth or throat , itchy skin , wheezing , cough and localized pain , said Dr. Clifford Bassett , medical director of Allergy and Asthma Care of New York .
Capes advises people who experience a systemic reaction to call 911 and wait for an ambulance , because it will have medicine to treat the reaction immediately .
An antihistamine such as Benadryl will be given and , in severe cases , a shot of epinephrine .
Even if the reaction is not severe , Benadryl will help with normal symptoms of insect stings , Capes said .
Those who have had allergic reactions to insects should always carry an antihistamine and an epinephrine auto - injector for emergencies , experts said .
Insect allergies may be harder to control than some food allergies because it's not always possible to predict when bees , wasps and other stinging bugs are around , Capes said .
Severe reactions do n't usually happen the very first time a person gets stung , Capes said .
" The thing about allergic reactions that is interesting , or scary , is that we never know what the next allergic reaction is going to be , " he said .
For those who have a history of anaphylactic reactions to insects , vaccines are available for yellow jackets , wasps , honey bees and fire ants , Bassett said .
The immunization process takes three to five years , he said .
There are also blood and skin tests that people can take to determine whether they are sensitive to these insects , he said .
Besides anaphylaxis , people may experience other kinds of reactions , Bassett said .
If a person is stung hundreds of times at once , he or she may need emergency care , as the venom may lead to seizures , shock and even death , he said .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Bee stings
There is also a rare reaction called serum sickness that includes joint pain and flu - like illness that may result from insect stings , and has allergy - like symptoms , Bassett said .
In rare cases , even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxis , Bassett said .
There is no treatment for mosquito allergies , but there is a diagnostic test , he said .
Bassett offers the following tips to reduce the danger of insects :
• Stay away from stinging insect nests when possible .
• Consider wearing closed - toed shoes in an area where there may be many stinging insects .
• Remain calm and quiet around a stinging insect , and move slowly away from it .
• Avoid brightly colored clothing , as well as perfumes and scented hair products and lotions .
• Avoid loose - fitting clothing , which can accidentally trap the insect .
• Use caution when eating outdoors , especially when sodas or other sweetened drinks are available .
For more tips on managing insect allergies , visit the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology Web site .
The American College of Allergy , Asthma and Immunology can also help you find an allergist .
All About Allergies • Skateboarding
Grassley 's response to this direct threat ?
" I want to make it clear that President Obama , I agree with him on a lot of things , " Grassley said to the man .
" He ’s doing what he thinks he was elected to do .
I tend to disagree with a good part of it , but I do n’t ascribe any ulterior motives to it . "
I hope you were n't expecting something assertive .
I mean , Chuck 's got to keep the votes of these nuts , so he 's certainly not going to tell them directly that they 're wrong and out of line by making threats against the President .
I 'm guessing he did n't think it was important to notify the Secret Service .
I mean , afterall , this was just an old man , right ?
There have n't been any stories lately about 88 year old men shooting up the Holocaust museum .
Here 's the video .
It 's at the beginning and then it goes on to a few other questions :
Here 's the rest of what Grassley said :
" But I do think that you ’re right from the standpoint that there is a lot of holes that he has put in place , like General Motors , the nationalization of banks — although , I gotta be ...
Bush , uh , Bush started us on down that road in October before he left office .
And , uh , also , uh , this deficit spending that we have .
It ’s ...
It ’s , uh , something we ’ve got to worry about .
And we want a country like we inherited for our grandchildren .
" And , I think most of you came to talk about health care , but I think health care is a , in other words , why people are coming to town meetings ...
But I think health care is the straw that broke the camel ’s back , in the sense that they were looking at General Motors , looking at the stimulus package not working , looking at the Federal Reserve shoveling money out of an airplane , looking at [ inaudible ] percent increases in the budget and a $ 4 trillion budget that was about to , uh , adopted in March , and they do n’t see anything good comin ’ from it and they ’re fearful of the government taking everything over . "
The Brady Campaign has a statement criticizing Grassley 's lack of response :
" It was a credit to the senator ’s audience that they booed Mr. Eisenhower , but Sen .
Grassley also has a responsibility as an elected official to categorically denounce Mr. Eisenhower ’s statement and the sentiment behind it , " said Doug Pennington , assistant director of communications for Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
Grassley may not have taken the threat seriously , Pennington said , since Eisenhower appears to be a senior citizen .
" Yet we recently saw 88 year - old James W. von Brunn shoot and kill a security officer at the Holocaust Memorial Museum here in Washington , DC , " he said .
" Sen. Grassley should have taken Mr. Eisenhower and his words very seriously . "
Chuck Grassley is either so out of his mind that he does n't see any problem with a threat towards the President , or he believes threats of domestic terrorism are now acceptable and sanctioned rhetoric within the Republican Party .
Whichever it is , he 's unfit for the office he now holds .
Senator Grassley should resign .
Scientology 's quest to perfect humanity never rests , not even on the weekend .
Which is why this member of the cult 's elite " Sea Org " spent his Saturday yelling at an infidel about his inevitable and pathetic death .
The guy with the camera , ex-Scientologist " Axiom142 , " spotted some Sea Org staffers getting off a van in East Grinstead , England , and pulled out his camera .
The Scientologist he ended up talking to supposedly holds the church 's highest ranking , OT - 8 , and advised him to " destimulate from your ... electronic incident " or die in agony .
Then the Scientologist called him a squirrel .
This is a lethal insult , in his native Canada !
One of the tipsters who pointed us to this video also included a handy translation guide :
You might need a translator to understand what 's going on there , but that just adds to the appeal .
I 'll do my best to try to explain the jargon :
The " time track " or " whole track " is the entirety of all the lives a person 's " thetan " ( soul / spirit ) has lived before .
Being stuck on an " incident " means that something in this life , or more likely a past life is holding you back .
Not only something that happened to you , but most likely something wrong you did .
A common Scientologists find is in a past life they were a Nazi .
" The Bridge " is the name for some one 's rank or level attained in Scientology , such as the infamous OT III or Clear .
It is said by ex-Scientologists on the web that the man in this video is George Baillie , an OT VIII , which the highest level one can attain in Scientology . [ 1 ]
A " squirrel " is a derogatory term for anyone who perverts Scientology text or doctrine .
The " Sea Org " is Scientology 's paramilitary branch , which holds little parallel to any other religious group .
The closest thing I can think of is a combination of joining a faux - navy combined with a clergy , but with way worse living conditions and far more abuse .
" Re- stimulated " means being affected by an " incident " very strongly .
A " locational " is attempting through Scientology methods to locate and discuss said " incident " until it is no longer a problem .
An " S.P. " is a " suppressive person " the general term applied to people who are against Scientology , or bad for society .
The Scientology view holds these things are one and the same .
OSA is the Office of Special Affairs , the Church of Scientology 's private investigation 's branch and internal intelligence agency .
Like the CIA for Scientology .
An " electronic incident " may refer to some form of brain washing implemented in a past life , likely by a psychiatrist and or alien . [ 1 ]
http://www.truthaboutscientology.com/stats/by-name/g/george-baillie.html
[ via YouTube , which has since pulled the clip . ]
Enlarge By Jonathon Burch , Reuters Sen. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , seen here during a news conference in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday , said Sunday he welcomes an election competition from actor Alec Baldwin .
Alec Baldwin By Stuart Ramson , AP 30 Rockstar has no plans to move to Connecticut and run against Sen .
A spokesman for actor Alec Baldwin says thestar has no plans to move to Connecticut and run against Sen. Joe Lieberman in 2012 .
Matthew Hiltzik said Monday that Emmy Award - winner Baldwin wants Lieberman to stay in office because there are so few moderate Republicans in the Senate .
Lieberman is an independent and sometimes sides with Republicans .
The political aspirations of Baldwin came to the fore after he told Playboy magazine that he'd love to run against Lieberman , a former Democrat who became an independent after losing a party primary in 2006 .
Baldwin told the magazine that he had " no use " for the independent lawmaker .
On Sunday , when asked about the Baldwin interview , Lieberman said on CNN's State of the Union that he respected Baldwin as an actor but dared him to " make my day " and run against him .
" I respect Alec Baldwin as an actor and as a comedian , and if he wants to run , that 's his right , " Lieberman said .
Lieberman , a former Democratic nominee for vice president in 2000 , drew the ire of Democrats in with his strong support of Republican presidential nominee John McCain last year .
Lieberman not only campaigned across the country for McCain , he also spoke at the GOP national convention in St. Paul .
In 2006 , Lieberman lost the 2006 Democratic primary nomination to businessman Ned Lamont , in part because of his support for President Bush and the Iraq war .
A move after the 2008 elections to strip Lieberman of his chairmanship of the Homeland Security Committee was rebuffed .
Instead , the Democratic caucus approved a resolution condemning statements made by Lieberman during the presidential campaign and Lieberman agreed to leave the Environment and Public Works panel Baldwin , a native New Yorker , told Playboy he has been approached by an unnamed Democratic law firm to run for governor of Ohio .
He ruminated about other political possibilities , saying he has also considered moving to New Jersey to run for office .
He also asked hypothetical questions about the political futures of Sen. Chuck Schumer , D - N.Y. , Rep . Tim Bishop , D - N.Y. , and Michael Bloomberg , who was once a Democrat , became a Republican and is now an independent running for a third term as New York City mayor .
Still , the actor said in the interview , about moving to Connecticut or Ohio : " it 's all fantasy .
I 'm a carry - me - out - in - a - box New Yorker . "
Baldwin , however , conceded to the magazine that his life could become fodder for opponents .
Among other things , Baldwin has attracted headlines for his nasty divorce from Oscar - winning actress Kim Basinger and for an irate cellphone call to their daughter , Ireland .
Contributing : The Associated Press and Catalina Camia in Washington , D.C. Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Government plans to outsource official spying , forcing communication service providers like BT to retain personal communications data – records of all phonecalls , emails , texts and internet connections – have been severely criticised by the industry expected to do ministers dirty work for them .
In a submission to the Home Office as part of a public consultation , internet firms have candidly labelled the plans as " an unwarranted intrusion into people 's privacy " and have suggested people were deceived about the extent of the government 's ambitions to monitor the country 's communications data .
According to the Sunday Times , the London Internet Exchange which represents 330 firms including BT , Virgin , and Carphone Warehouse , says that the proposals are deceptive .
" We view the description of the government 's proposals as ' maintaining ' the capability as disingenuous : the volume of data the government now proposes [ we ] should collect and retain will be unprecedented , as is the overall intrusion into then privacy of the citizenry . "
This represents the unanimous view of the firms that are to replace the £ 12bn data silo planned before the crisis in public finances .
The new policy announced in April by the unlamented former home secretary , Jacqui Smith , was presented as a concession to those concerned about intrusion , as well as a response to the new reality of the economic situation .
The revised scheme , which has been urged by " Surveillance Central " – GCHQ in Cheltenham – will cost £ 2bn , still great chunk of taxpayers ' money to be throwing around these days .
But the cost is not really the issue .
The policy is one of the foundation stones of the surveillance state – a society in which data from people 's movement , travel abroad , spending habits and communications are retained by government and its agencies – and is an indicator of the profound contempt and mistrust this government has for the public .
It represents as great an intrusion as the national identity register , the central database planned with the ID card .
" These new proposals , " says the industry submission , " suggest an intention to capture anything and everything , regardless of the communications [ method ] used .
We have grave misgivings about the technical feasibility of such ambition . "
" We are not aware of any existing equipment [ an internet company ] could purchase that would enable it to fulfil a legal obligation to acquire and retain such a wide range of data as it transits across their network … in some common cases it would be impossible in principle to obtain the information sought . "
The internet providers make another crucial point .
If this system goes ahead , it would represent a mass breach of the Human Rights
Act which guarantees a right to privacy .
Given the government 's failure to respond to European judgments against the retention of innocent people 's DNA we can hardy expect another huge breach of the public 's rights to bother Home Office civil servants .
But we should be really worried .
This scheme is among the greatest of the current threats to our free society and it is important that the Internet Exchange has raised concerns about privacy so clearly .
As the ISPs point out , there is no guarantee that the methods proposed to store our communications data will be secure , for as soon as you start gathering information in large databases it becomes vulnerable to hackers , abuse by government agencies and of course incompetence .
We should remember that the essence of the government 's proposal is this : ministers plan to seize our information using our money for their benefit .
That 's like paying someone , who has broken into your home , to read your private letters .
„ Wenn wir gegen das Grundgesetz verstossen , weil wir Pädophilen unmöglich machen kinderpornografische Bilder aus dem Internet herunterzuladen , dann nehme ich das in Kauf . “
Thomas Jurk , SPD - Spitzenkandidat für die Landtagswahl in Sachsen
About 15.3 m Canadian dollars ' worth of gold is " missing "
An external audit of the Royal Canadian Mint ( RCM ) has failed to find millions of dollars ' worth of " missing " gold .
Auditors Deloitte were asked in May to investigate a discrepancy between the amount of precious metals on the mint 's inventory and in its actual stockpile .
Deloitte concluded that the unaccounted for difference " does not appear to be an accounting error " and identified security as an area for consideration .
The RCM said it was not yet clear whether any gold was actually missing .
" All customer holdings and metal deposits entrusted with the Royal Canadian Mint are secure and have been fully accounted for , " it said in a statement .
The RCM provides storage for RCM - branded precious metals , as well as producing coins for Canada and dozens of other countries .
Criminal activity ?
Deloitte found that there was a difference of approximately 17,500 troy ounces of gold , or 0.32 % of the mint 's production in the 2008 fiscal year , that was unaccounted for .
It said that there was also an unaccounted - for difference related to silver .
The RCM said the total amount of unreconciled precious metals was worth about 15.3 m Canadian dollars ( US $ 13.2 m ; £ 8 m ) .
It intends to file an insurance claim to cover the amount .
The mint has already requested the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to assist them with the matter - a move which has prompted speculation that the mint may have been the victim of a gold heist .
" You do n't call in the federal police if you 've got an accounting problem , " said New Democrat MP Thomas Mulcair .
The auditors recommended that the mint review its security , in addition to reviewing its technical operations and accounting of prior periods .
Enlarge 2007 photo by Bill Haber , AP
The pumps put in by the Army Corps of Engineers take water from New Orleans ' 17th Street Canal to Lake Pontchartrain and are supposed to help control water levels in drainage canals .
WASHINGTON  Huge flood - control pumps installed in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina do n't protect the city adequately and the Army Corps of Engineers could have saved $ 430 million in replacement costs by buying proven equipment , a federal investigation finds .
The investigation by the federal Office of Special Counsel finds there was " little logical justification " for the corps ' decision to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on the " untested " hydraulic pumps , which are meant to empty millions of gallons of water from the below - sea - level city during storm - related floods .
READ MORE : Investigators ' letter to Obama Citing the corps ' $ 430 million plan to replace the hydraulic pumps by 2012 , just five years after they were installed , the special counsel concludes that a " proven " direct - drive pump design would have been less prone to corrosion and breakdowns .
Based on an independent engineering review , the counsel says direct - drive pumps could have been purchased " more quickly , more reliably and without planning for pump … replacement . "
DOCUMENTS : Engineers ' evaluation of pump purchases ( PDF - part 2 ) DOCUMENTS : Engineers ' evaluation of pump purchases ( PDF - part 1 ) Hydraulic pumps are powered by pressurized oil .
Direct - drive pumps use solid drive shafts .
The findings , previously unreported , were sent to President Obama on June 12 .
The investigation confirms " serious allegations about the reliability of the pumping equipment " that were raised in a 2007 whistle - blower complaint by corps engineer Maria Garzino , the letter says .
The findings raise concerns about whether a major storm could overwhelm rebuilt flood controls that the corps has set up in New Orleans since Katrina hit four years ago this week .
The corps declined to comment , but corps officials previously have disputed the concerns raised by Garzino , who was a supervisor on the pump project .
" There are still questions about the contracting , design and safety of these critical pump stations , " Sen .
Mary Landrieu , D - La. , said about the special counsel 's report .
The corps must " demonstrate that these structures are indeed safe and will function properly , " Landrieu said .
The special counsel 's findings are the latest turn in a long debate over the pumps .
The Defense Department 's inspector general has reviewed Garzino 's concerns twice and ruled each time that the pumps , though not tested as well as they could have been , were a reasonable choice and should provide adequate protection until they 're replaced with a more permanent system .
Each time , the special counsel , an independent office that investigates whistle - blower complaints , has disputed the Pentagon 's conclusions .
The Defense Department review relied on an evaluation by an engineering firm that regularly contracts with the Pentagon , raising questions about the study 's independence , says Jesselyn Radack , an attorney with the Government Accountability Project , a whistle - blower advocacy group representing Garzino .
" The corps has wasted hundreds of millions of dollars ( rebuilding New Orleans ' flood controls ) and is deliberately deceiving the public about the effectiveness of those efforts . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Earlier this year , Halliburton agreed to pay nearly $ 560 million in fines to the federal government to end an investigation into its former subsidiary , KBR , and its involvement in bribing Nigerian officials to get construction contracts .
It was reportedly the largest fine ever paid by a U.S. company in a foreign bribery investigation .
But hey , this is Halliburton , which means the story never just ends there .
The hits keep on coming .
A group of Halliburton shareholders are now suing the company , its officers and directors in Harris County District Court for allowing the illegal behavior which led to the mammoth fines , which led to a drop in share price and a loss to its stockholders .
According to the lawsuit , " the defendants caused Halliburton to maintain internal controls that were so deficient that Halliburton insiders were able to divert millions of dollars of company funds to pay illegal bribes to various foreign officials in direct violation of the [ Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ] .
Defendant 's failure in this regard has caused substantial damage to Halliburton . "
The plaintiff in this case is the Central Laborers ' Pension Fund , which represents more than 6,400 retired laborers .
The fund was the owner and holder of Halliburton common stock .
It claims that as a result of the fines , which were paid to the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities Exchange Commission , Halliburton recorded a $ 303 million loss due to discontinued operations in the fourth quarter of 2008 , or rather , a loss of 34 - cents a share .
The pension fund is seeking to win in court " an amount necessary to punish defendants and to make an example of defendants to the community , " according to the lawsuit .
Indeed .
I am not a Linux newbie , but neither am I an expert .
So , I sometimes tend to come across some really cool stuff and I just have to share .
Here is the story .
We use this application at work ( I wo n’t point any fingers :) ) which tends to run as a whole lot of processes when it starts up , and these processes do n’t all have the same parent process either .
Once in a while this application can get into a bad state where you have to manually kill all the processes to restart everything .
Now as you might imagine this can be a bit of a pain since there are quite a few processes even if you only count the parents .
Here is where some bash magic comes to the rescue .
Luckily for us , this application runs as a separate Linux user so all the processes have the same user id and we ’re able to use the following command to kill everything in one fell swoop .
ps - ef | grep ^ 1002 | cut -c 5 - 15 | sudo xargs kill < br />
Here is a quick rundown of what it does :
the ps command is obvious , we get the processes that are currently active
command is obvious , we get the processes that are currently active we pipe the output to grep in order to find all the lines that begin with a particular id ( this is the id of the user that runs the application )
in order to find all the lines that begin with a particular id ( this is the id of the user that runs the application ) we then pipe the output of that to the cut command to pull out characters 5 to 15 of every line ( i.e. the process id will live in that character range )
command to pull out characters 5 to 15 of every line ( i.e. the process id will live in that character range ) we then pipe the output of that to xargs which lets us use each line of that output as an argument to the_ kill_ command , thereby killing all those processes ( the sudo bit is really optional and you would use it only if your current user did n’t have permission to kill the processes )
Update : As Sam pointed out in the comments below kill - 9 should only ever be used as a last resort as it will create ‘ orphaned shared memory segments ’ and is therefore best avoided if possible
I do n’t know about you , but I thought that was pretty cool :) .
The only side - effect is that all processes owned by that particular user will get killed ( i.e. if you have a shell opened as that user ) .
I wonder if there is an easier way of doing this with bash ?
And it would also be great if we did n’t have to kill all processes owned by a user , but rather could mass - kill a bunch of processes based on some other criteria .
If anyone is a bash expert , feel free to supply some tips :) .
Update : Apparently , according to the comments , there are a number of way of doing this , using either a shorter pipeline or even just one command that would even let you pick particular processes based on criteria _( e.g. pkill ) _.
Have a look through the comments for details .
Thanks to all the commenters for the great feedback !
JERSEY CITY --
The Jersey City Police Department , stressing that its response was proper and well prepared , released three videos today of a July 16 gunbattle that left two suspects and an officer dead .
During an afternoon press conference , top police officials lashed out at a television report Wednesday night which questioned the tactical response of the department .
Full coverage of shootings in New Jersey
Surveillance video from Jersey City police shootout
" The level of heroism and bravery that went on in that apartment should be talked about for years to come , " said an emotional Police Chief Thomas J. Comey .
" We live with this every day .
We took a young man to battle and did n't bring him home . "
Police Detective Marc DiNardo was shot several times during the shootout and died five days later .
The police department 's review of the operation is nearly complete and seeks to gauge whether proper procedure was followed , Comey said .
A formal investigation by the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office is continuing , he said .
An initial review shows the operation followed rules , Comey and Deputy Chief Peter Nalbach said .
It was a well - prepared , efficient operation , they said : police had secured the perimeter , called for a helicopter , radioed in tens of police , and had a hostage negotiator on scene .
Criticism has focused on why officers were sent into a building to confront a gunman and his girlfriend and whether the confrontation in close quarters could have been avoided .
Comey and Nalbach said police first tried talking with the couple -- Hassan " Shakur " Hosendove and Amanda Anderson -- through the apartment door .
Forcibly entering an armed suspect 's apartment usually ends in a non-violent surrender , they said .
" As we were seeking to open up a line of communication , he was seeking to open up a line of fire , " Comey said , calling the operation " methodical . "
In addition roughly six people were in the building at the time of the deadly shootout and their lives were in danger , they said .
" We did our job and we did it well , " he said .
Jersey City police officials discuss shootout
In the short video clips , Hosendove and Anderson , are seen one minute before the first shots were fired .
At 5:05 a.m. , Anderson , dressed in a loose , flowing , all - black outfit with her head covered , gets into the couple 's car on Fairmount Avenue and moves it to the other side of the street .
She then walks to the sidewalk , where Hosendove appears , wearing a brown , flowing monk 's robe , his right arm stiff at his side , hiding a shotgun .
A second , 19 - second video shows Hosendove hand his robe to his girlfriend at the entrance to their Reed Street apartment building , then , in shorts , a t- shirt and jacket , and sandals , fire three shots .
He runs into the street as he 's firing , then runs back inside the building .
An unmarked police car is seen cruising down Reed Street just before Hosendove fires .
The car is out of the frame by the time Hosendove starts shooting .
Two of the shots shattered the police car windows and one hit Detective Marc Lavelle in the leg after the officer got out of the vehicle .
A third video shows more than a dozen officers gathered at the corner of Reed Street and Bergen Avenue , then enter the apartment building where the couple was hiding .
The video was recorded via two surveillance cameras on telephone poles .
They were to be released next week but were aired publicly instead today in response to Wednesday 's television report , officials said .
Hosendove and Anderson were wanted in connection with a June robbery in which authorities say they shot and seriously injured a man .
Police found the couple 's car at about 11 p.m. July 15 , just hours before the shootout , officials said .
The couple had moved to Jersey City from South Carolina about two months earlier .
My motivation is simple .
Writing this helps vent off some of the frustration at what is happening out here in Afghanistan to those serving in the British Army , where death and serious injury are sickeningly common occurrences .
Before coming here , I had done two tours in Iraq which saw fierce fighting against the enemy .
But , sometimes out here I feel I might as well be on my first tour , as a novice second lieutenant instead of a so - called senior captain with over eight years experience in the Army , due to a shocking rate of attrition that I have never encountered before .
Commentators keep citing previous figures for casualty rates in the Falkland 's conflict , as well as the years in Northern Ireland , suggesting that , spread over the time we have been in Afghanistan , the figures here are not that bad .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
How reassuring .
For a moment I thought the rates might be quite bad ; but thank goodness I have been shown that what we are experiencing is in fact a tolerable " medium " number of casualties .
Can we really only analyse the death and injury rate , or view it as a cause for concern , once we get past a certain benchmark or once the average number outstrips a previous average ?
I had hoped that human progression was a bit more advanced than that , and that there might be more to the situation than a comparison of statistics .
Then there are the injuries .
I am talking about limbs removed , double or even triple amputations , on a scale that we 've never seen before .
When you read about a " very seriously injured " casualty , that person 's life is never going to be the same , nor is it for the rest of their family , who will be sucked in and forever affected by the aftermath .
So what effect does this have on us all out in Afghanistan ?
My experience of this is from the 1st Battalion Welsh Guard 's Battle Group , who have endured a significant number of fatalities and seriously injured personnel , including the death of their commanding officer .
With each death I think each of us experiences a feeling of total shock , powerlessness and impotence .
Within your mind you feel you have to do something , especially if you knew the individual .
Back at home that might be to jump in the car and drive to some secluded spot where you can get out and scream at the top of your lungs to let out all the anguish .
But here nothing of the sort is possible .
You are all enclosed within your camp or patrol base ; there is no refuge , no private corner to go to , to deal with your grief .
Around you everything else has to continue , and cannot stop .
The radios still have to be manned and answered , the patrols still have to be planned , the convoys have to be organised .
It is not as if you can take a day off to deal with the grief , to come to terms with it .
And even if you could , what good would that do ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Who wants to go and sit in their tent , sweating in temperatures in the high 40s , brooding on the possibilities : what were they thinking in those last few moments , did they know what had happened , did they know they were dying , how terrified and alone did they feel ?
The only option available is to embrace the alternative : keep joking with your friends , maintain the banter levels , swapping smutty jokes and stories – literally forcing yourself to keep smiling .
I do not say that as a praiseworthy example of that renowned , age - old , plucky , English stiff upper lip .
Far from it – it may be our worst enemy .
After death , life obviously has to go on , but I have always felt that life should go on having learnt a lesson from that death , improving your life as a testament to that life robbed – not merely moving on with a smile , whilst showing " fortitude " .
I am just speaking for those of us who deal with the deaths and injuries in Afghanistan indirectly , as an explosion in the distance , followed by a report on the radio , then a helicopter coming in to pick up the casualty .
As for those who deal directly with the deaths and injuries , who have to go into the Viking vehicles after the explosion to pull out the casualties , who have to tourniquet the remaining stumps after both the legs of a person have been blown off , those who have to pick up the leftover pulpy fragments of a disintegrated body and put them into a bag , I am not sure how they react .
I would imagine in a similar way to the rest of us : you put it aside as soon as you can , as there is nothing to be achieved in thinking about it .
All you will do is think yourself into a corner , where you are faced with the absurdity and horrid waste of it all .
And if you let that take a hold , how are you meant to perform , drag yourself out of your tent at 4 am after just three hours sleep , to go on another foot patrol , another 18 - hour convoy , another 12 - hour shift in the operations room ?
It does not work .
There is so much that still needs to be done , there are still weeks to get through , more patrols and convoys that need to be completed .
So the event of each death is placed away , zipped up in a mental body bag , back in the recesses of your mind .
However , unlike a real body bag , which fortunately disappears , that mental body bag remains in the morgue of your sub-conscious , quite possibly to come out and be re-opened , once you return home and have the chance to think about each death , each injury , each friend gone .
Then there are the equipment shortages .
Due to the pitiful numbers of support helicopters and Apaches needed to escort them , every day troops on the ground are forced to expend an enormous amount of hours and manpower just standing still .
They sacrifice their reserves of energy , motivation and willpower securing and picketing routes for the never - ending vehicle convoys that have to keep happening in order to resupply the patchy spread of patrol bases with water , ammo and rations ; as well as recovering the vehicles that invariably go into ditches and securing helicopter landing - sites for the evacuation of casualties from improvised explosive device strikes .
I think if Sisyphus ( the Greek mythological character cursed to roll a huge boulder repeatedly up a hill , only to watch it roll back down again , throughout eternity ) could see us now , he would offer his sincere condolences and offer a friendly arm around the shoulder , saying that he knew what it felt like .
If someone provided one of those garishly coloured ( army ) pie charts depicting the percentage of time and effort sucked up into the black hole of orchestrating these road moves , it would provide a statistic that would be both shocking and embarrassing .
It might also partly explain why the military is struggling to gain an advantage over the Taliban and cannot hold a significant amount of ground .
Its energy , time and focus is bound up with those road moves , and our most vital asset , our troops , are either sweating on the sides of the roads , securing them , or sweating inside the vehicles of those often doomed convoys .
I am not criticising the military on the ground , who have to deal with this dilemma .
Everyone seems to already agree on this issue of the equipment , in particular the lack of support helicopters – which rather begs the question of how on earth is nothing done about it ?
And how does the fact that nothing gets done about it seem to be the status quo and keeps occurring year after year , budgetary policy after budgetary policy , operational tour after operational tour ?
If a magic genie were to appear in front of my eyes , who in keeping with the spirit of the present credit crunch cutbacks , could afford to grant me just one wish , I think I would simply choose a massive increase in helicopters and pilots – a wish that would have such a crucial influence on what is happening to the British Army out here .
We are dealing here with a tenacious and stubborn enemy .
Despite our dropping bombs on compounds that the enemy is using as firing - points , the very next day , new enemy fighters are back .
On the one hand , perhaps the enemy command is so feared , authoritative and manipulative that they force unwilling fighters into those compounds as pure cannon fodder .
On the other , perhaps , the fighters willingly go back , despite their comrades having been killed there , so strong is their faith in an afterlife , or so strong is their belief in the jihad they are fighting .
Whatever the reason , they come back undaunted to the same firing - points , despite our overwhelming fire power .
Their numbers seem to stay constant , as opposed to decreasing – all of which gives a strong indication that we will not be able to reduce their numbers to a level where they are tactically defeated .
It seems increasingly true that a stable Afghanistan will only be possible with some sort of agreement , involvement or power - sharing deal with the Taliban .
However , as the British Army units here are increasingly sucked into the turmoil of the latest " fighting season " there seems little evidence that anything is happening on the political and diplomatic stage .
In the meantime , tour follows tour , during which the most intense fighting appears to achieve not much more than extremely effectively inflicting casualties on both sides , whilst Afghanistan remains the sick man of Central Asia .
I think of a scene near the end of Pat Barker 's novel The Ghost Road , set at the end of the First World War , in which a seriously injured soldier lies in hospital , gradually dying .
The soldier regains consciousness but due to his injuries can only slur a sentence together , which he keeps repeating .
His family agonisingly try to decipher what he might be saying , which sounds like " shotvarfet , shotvarfet " .
His doctor realises what he is trying to say and translates : " He 's saying , ' It 's not worth it ' . "
The man 's father , a retired Army major , in grief blurts out : " Oh , it is worth it , it is . "
This incredibly powerful passage goes some way to articulating our response to this conflict .
We seem to know and say that it is not worth it , whilst instinctively reacting and saying that it is worth it – it has to be worth it .
If I am honest , I do not know what I think about it all conclusively ; my reasoning is lost in the storm of media , opinions , analysis that are at play here .
However , I know that no matter how hard I try to see through the clutter of opinions and utter something of my own in order to explain or justify what I 'm involved in , I just cannot shake off that nagging , repetitive voice in my head that says " shotvarfet , shotvarfet " .
The article was written by Captain James Jeffrey , who has since left the British Army , and edited by Terri Judd
The Welsh Guards ' casualties
Guardsman Christopher King a 20 - year - old from Merseyside was killed in an explosion while on patrol in Helmand on 20 July .
Private John Brackpool was killed by a gunshot wound on 9 July while attached to the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards .
The 27 - year - old from Sussex was shot near Lashkar Gah .
Lance Corporal Dane Elson was 22 when he was killed by an improvised explosive device during an attack on a compound in Babaji , near Gereshk on 5 July .
Lieutenant Colonel Rupert Thorneloe was a 39 year old from Oxfordshire .
He was killed by an IED in Lashkar Gah on 1 July .
Major Sean Birchall a 33 - year - old , was killed in an explosion on 19 June while on patrol in Basharan near Lashkar Gah .
Lieutenant Mark Evison , 26 - year - old from London , died in hospital in Birmingham on 12 May after being shot in Helmand .
Lance Sergeant Tobie Fasfous was killed by an explosion while on patrol in Helmand on 28 April .
Your search results
We 're sorry .
Your page could not be found ,
But you can check our latest listings & articles
The recent report of a security hole in Microsoft 's Video ActiveX Control appears to have the Redmond - based company stumped .
According to insiders , Microsoft is investigating a flaw that targets a component it did n't even realize was still being used .
Security reports suggest that the vulnerability has already been exploited and that a solution must be produced by Microsoft as soon as possible .
The company is investigating and promises to have a fix soon , but in the meantime has revealed that only select operating systems , including Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 , are affected .
Users of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 have escaped harm , but Microsoft is recommending that even these people perform the workaround described below or pay attention to news of a security update .
( Source : cnet.com )
" No By - Design Uses ... "
The reason this has caught Microsoft so off guard is because few systems continue to use the ActiveX Control being targeted .
In a statement , the company said that there are " no by - design uses for this ActiveX Control in Internet Explorer which includes all of the Class Identifiers within the msvidctl.dll that hosts this ActiveX Control . "
The threat is significant for those vulnerable .
According to Microsoft , those using Internet Explorer could be susceptible to remote code execution -- in other words , if a hacker knows what they 're doing , they could take over a user 's computer completely .
It 's a sinister and ingenious plan , and it may not require any user intervention once the process has started .
( Source : tgdaily.com )
Workaround Available
Those who can't wait for the fix are instructed to perform a workaround for the hole involving the manipulation of the Windows Registry via Windows Registry Editor .
It allows users to design a kill bit for 45 different CLSIDs , or Class Identifiers .
Microsoft 's guide to this process can be found here , but be warned : this is for advanced users only .
Following on from our ten best rock 'n ' roll comebacks , we take a look at some less successful rock 'n ' roll reunions .
Click on the image to the right to launch our guide .
New York :
Threat to close Stella D’Oro after 11 - month strike
By Peter Daniels
14 July 2009
Over 130 workers at the Bronx , New York Stella D’Oro cookie factory returned to work last week after 11 months on the picket line .
Their strike ended after an administrative law judge of the National Labor Relations Board ruled in their favor on an unfair labor practices charge against Brynwood Partners , a Connecticut - based private equity firm that bought the company .
The judge ’s ruling does not end the workers ’ struggle for their jobs , however .
While the company can appeal the decision to the full NLRB , Brynwood announced on July 6 that it will close the plant completely in 90 days .
As one worker told a reporter , “ The decision we won , but nothing changed .
We got the same problem . ”
The strike began in August 2008 after provocative concession demands from the company , including annual $ 1 an hour wage cuts in each year of a proposed five - year contract , along with elimination of sick leave , cuts in vacation and holiday time and other attacks .
Stella D’Oro had been founded in the Bronx in 1932 , but was sold in the 1990s to Nabisco and later to Brynwood Partners .
The latest developments in the Stella D’Oro struggle raise crucial issues not only for these workers , but for every section of the working class facing the reality of layoffs , plant shutdowns and wage cuts .
The Stella D’Oro workers , members of Bakery , Confectionary , Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers Local 50 , remained determined over the course of 11 months , with not a single worker crossing the picket line as management hired scabs and continued production .
The union , however , followed the same scenario that has led to the systematic destruction of literally millions of jobs and the dismantling of workers ’ gains over the past quarter - century .
The strikers were left isolated on the picket line , with occasional demonstrations and appeals to Democratic Party politicians and a legal strategy of appealing to the state apparatus in the form of the NLRB .
The union and its “ left ” supporters are portraying the judge ’s decision as a major victory .
Workers are being told that the company is bluffing in its plans to close the plant , and that justice can be obtained from the NLRB and the Obama administration .
Various misnamed “ socialist ” groups have joined in serving as cheerleaders , rather than telling workers the truth about the issues .
It is understandable that some workers , after months of struggle , are eager to see the judge ’s ruling as a positive outcome of their fight .
However , that is precisely the wrong lesson to be drawn .
The suggestion that Brynwood Partners is bluffing about closing the plant is dangerously false .
Management issued a statement this past week stating , “ The decision to close the Bronx bakery operations has not been made in haste or without significant planning . ”
The firm plans to move operations elsewhere .
It announced its plans to close the Bronx facility in compliance with federal legislation mandating a minimum of 60 days ’ notice in cases of major layoffs .
The plant shutdown is meant to serve notice on every section of workers that they are lucky to have any job at all , as unemployment continues its climb to 10 percent and beyond , and that there is no alternative but to accept whatever the employers are prepared to grant in poverty wages and working conditions .
The overriding issue facing the Stella D’Oro workers as they battle the private equity firm , which specializes in acquiring and maximizing profits from what it terms “ lower middle market companies , ” is that their fight is political .
There is no purely trade union solution , even a short - term one , under today ’s conditions .
Even if the NLRB on a few occasions throws a bone to the trade union bureaucracy in the form of a favorable ruling , the workers still face employers who are committed to the most ruthless cost- cutting and exploitation in the profit interests of their investors .
The state apparatus , including the Obama administration in Washington , exists in order to defend these profit interests .
The only answer to the continuing onslaught on jobs , wages and benefits is a socialist program that places the decisions on jobs and production in the hands of the overwhelming majority of the population , and not a handful of multimillionaires and billionaires .
Last December the Republic Windows and Doors workers in Chicago took the first step in a counteroffensive against the corporate onslaught on the working class when they occupied their factory to demand benefits they were owed .
Their action attracted worldwide attention .
The Stella D’Oro workers must be prepared to follow the example set by the Republic workers .
But any plant occupation or other industrial action must be combined with a political strategy that mobilizes the whole working class in the fight to defend jobs on the basis of a socialist program of public ownership under democratic control .
The parasites and speculators cannot be allowed to dictate whether workers are able to work and support their families .
This raises the urgent need for a break with the Democratic as well as the Republican parties and the building of a mass independent political movement fighting for a workers ’ government .
The ongoing and deepening unemployment crisis demonstrates the urgency of a socialist program of nationalization of industry under workers ’ control .
Airport Choose your favorite Chicago O'Hare ( ORD ) Dubai Intl . ( DXB / OMDB ) Kobe Airport ( UKB / RJBE ) London Heathrow ( LHR / EGLL ) Osaka Kansai ( KIX / RJBB ) Phoenix Sky Harbor ( PHX ) Rio de Janeiro Galeao ( GIG / SBGL ) St. Louis Lambert ( STL ) Sydney Kingsford Smith ( SYD / YSSY )
Need more airports ?
Login here
Airline Codes Regional Preferences ICAO ( 3 - digit ) IATA ( 2 - digit )
Wind Direction Frequency of change
Wind will not change 10 % chance 25 % chance 50 % chance 75 % chance 100 % chance
Realism Level of difficulty Normal Easy Mode Arrivals Only Departures Only
* If you select anything other than " normal " ,
you will not qualify for the high score table .
Map Scale Markers Customize the Scale command Circles Edge markers Both circles and edge markers
A Johnson County man who is charged with carrying a fake police badge said he never claimed to be a police officer , but needed the badge to conduct pedophilia investigations .
Rick Monsour , of Joshua , was arrested Friday and charged with carrying false police identification .
He was released from the Johnson County jail on a $ 25,000 bond , police said .
It 's a legal badge , " he said .
“ They took it away from me and put me in jail for it .
And that 's terrible .
It 's a big mistake . "
In an interview on his front lawn Thursday , Monsour said he founded a nonprofit group in March called “ Victims Who Kick Your Ass ” to help police conduct pedophilia investigations .
He is the group ’s self - appointed president .
Monsour said he was a victim of sexual abuse as a child .
He said his group has not yet conducted any investigations in Texas but has worked on two in Louisiana .
In Joshua , police said they do their own investigations and arrested Monsour for carrying the authentic - looking badge .
" We just want all the citizens to know that Richard Monsour is not a part of the Joshua Police Department , " said Lt. Leland Cheek .
Monsour was arrested after he allegedly went door - to - door , flashed his badge and asked residents about a woman who may have been a former girlfriend , police said .
The badge included the city 's name and identified Monsour as an “ investigator , " Cheek said .
His arrest hardly came as a shock to his neighbors .
" It does n't surprise me one bit , ” said neighbor Nancy Green .
“ There 's been more crazy things going on next door than anyone could imagine . "
Green and other neighbors said Monsour moved into his house on Bentley Street several years ago claiming he was a victim of Hurricane Katrina .
But the more he talked , they said , the less they believed him .
“ There ’s just so many things he has told people that are totally untrue , ” said neighbor Kim Smith .
“ He ’s said he was friends with the pope , ” added her husband , James .
But he did n’t stop there , neighbors said .
“ He ’s told us that he’s in the FBI and the CIA , ” James Smith said .
“ He said he was in the KKK and proud of it , ” Kim Smith said .
At various times , he also claimed to be a paramedic and a law student , neighbors said .
Monsour denied ever telling neighbors he was a federal agent , a lawyer or a Klan member .
“ That ’s crazy , ” he said .
“ I do n’t even know my neighbors . ”
He said he did train to be an emergency medical technician but never actually worked as one .
Monsour said he knows the pontiff and receives Christmas cards from the Vatican .
He said he does not consider the two of them to be friends .
He said he was stuck on the Louisiana coast for three weeks after Hurricane Katrina came ashore .
Monsour showed a Louisiana driver ’s license with his name , picture and an address in Pearl River , which is where the hurricane first made landfall .
From the point of view of an al Qaida military leader , Western intelligence agents are now ubiquitous in the lands of Islam , and their operations have been extraordinarily effective .
The Western spies are unfailingly lethal , leaving a trail of dead Islamist fighters behind them .
Worst of all , they have managed to recruit innumerable Muslims to assist their war efforts .
“ The spies … were sent to penetrate the ranks of the Muslims generally , and the mujahidin specifically , and [ they ] spread all over the lands like locusts , ” wrote Abu Yahya al - Libi , an al Qaida field commander in Afghanistan , in a new book called “ Guidance on the Ruling of the Muslim Spy ” ( pdf ) .
“ The spies are busy day and night carrying out their duties in an organized and secret manner …
How many heroic leaders have been kidnapped at their hands ?
How many major mujahidin were surprised to be imprisoned or traced ?
Even the military and financial supply roads of the mujahidin , which are far from the enemy ’s surveillance , were found by the spies . ”
Al Qaida operations have been severely impeded by the intelligence war against them , al - Libi said .
“ As soon as the mujahidin get secretly into an area on a dark night , they are confronted by the Cross forces and their helpers .
Many are killed or captured . ”
Western spies are found under every conceivable cover , al - Libi wrote .
“ They have among them old hunchbacked men who cannot even walk , strong young men , weak women inside their house , young girls , and even children who did not reach puberty yet .
The spy might be a doctor , nurse , engineer , student , preacher , scholar , runner , or a taxi driver .
The spy can be anyone …. ”
“ The occupation armies completely rely on recruiting spies and informants from the Muslim lands they usurped and conquered …
The spy lives among Muslims , being one of them : living their life , wearing their dress , eating what they eat …
Therefore , he can access what the armed soldiers of the occupation cannot put hands on . ”
In the new book , published in Arabic ( pdf ) on jihadist websites on June 30 , al - Libi ruminated at length on the religious and legal problem of the Muslim spy .
Can there be a Muslim who spies against other Muslims or , since such a person would by definition be an apostate , is a Muslim spy a contradiction in terms ?
May such a person be killed ?
( It depends . )
To convict a spy nowadays is it necessary to rely on the traditional two witnesses ?
( Again , it depends . )
What about a person who is mistakenly executed as a spy ?
( God will reward him . )
Pervading the book is a sense of the overwhelming impact of U.S. and Allied intelligence operations on jihadist forces , and the willingness of indigenous Muslims to act with Western intelligence against those forces .
“ Everyone who lives in the jihad battlegrounds … knows well that the occupation forces could not do one - tenth of what they do now if they did not recruit spies and informants … .
Most of the mujahidin and their soldiers were killed or captured because of the intelligence information that the infidel forces have obtained from the secret soldiers whom they recruit , like swarms of locusts , from the native citizens who talk our language and pretend they are Muslims . ”
“ Guidance on the Ruling of the Muslim Spy ” by Abu Yahya al - Libi was translated , rather clumsily , by the DNI Open Source Center .
A copy was obtained by Secrecy News .
The book cited the use of electronic homing devices to guide air - launched missiles to their targets and images of several such devices were included in the original Arabic version of the book ( at page 146 ) .
The purported use of the devices was discussed in “ CIA Drone Targeting Tech Revealed , Qaeda Claims ” by Adam Rawnsley , Wired Danger Room , July 8 , 2009 .
Memri.org also prepared a proprietary translation of the new Al - Libi book , which was reported by Fox News last week .
I had not heard this story before .
I was searching up information on Google today about a hospital I volunteered at back in 2006 ( Coast General in Mombasa , Kenya ) ... and this is what I found :
Reports quote information that certified copies of a Kenyan Birth Certificate ( BC ) for Obama were sent from Kenya , and have been received by three separate individuals .
And that these documents are certified , with an embossed seal , and display the name of the hospital where Obama was born , as well as witness signatures .
( just do a search - " Obama born in Mombasa " )
Here is a video I found on the subject :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA6_k3NtXZs
Editor Ratings : User Ratings : [ Total : 0 Average : 0 /5 ]
For those who do not know about Fruity Loops , it is a top notch music production software , and widely used by musicians over the world .
Of course , it is quite pricey .
Here is a free alternative to FruityLoops ( or FL Studio ) : LMMS .
LMMS is an open source software , and still in its infancy , but it packs a punch .
It runs on both Windows as well as Linux ( even though the name itself is Linux Multimedia Studio ) .
LMMS lets you produce music from your computer .
You can create melodies and beats , synthesise and mix sounds .
One of the most useful feature of LMMS is that it is compatible with lots of standards , which make it very easy to use plugins and open files created on other software .
Here are a few of the standards that LMMS is compatible with :
SoundFont2
VST
LADSPA
GUS Patches
Because of compatibility with all these standards , LMMS lets you import MIDI and FLP ( FruityLoops Project Files ) .
Here is a brief feature overview of LMMS free Music production sotware :
Includes a song editor for composing songs .
An FX mixer with 64 FX channels allow unlimited mixing possibilities .
Lot of plugins available to extend the possibilities .
Includes Beat +
Baseline editor to create baselines and beats .
Includes a Piano - Roll for editing patterns and melodies .
If you are a novice music creator , or are just looking for alternative to expensive programs like FL Studio or Ableton Live , then this might be a good start .
As I mentioned above , this is still in its infancy , but it ’s absolutely free and definitely worth a try .
Download links and Video Tutorials at the end .
Moving to a new home is difficult and stressful act .
We have prepared this guide to help you to answer the most difficult questions about moving from your old home into the new one with the least possible troubles .
Professionals or Do - It - Yourself ?
Photo by THOR First part of our Moving Guide serie .
What 's better - to do it yourself , or hire professionals ?
What kind of moving professionals can you find ?
And what should you take into consideration , when moving to a new home ?
Hidden costs of moving
This article will break down the cost of moving houses to give you an idea of what to expect , both when moving on your own and when hiring a professional moving company .
Packing before moving
Third article in our Moving Guide series : Packing .
Packing your belongings before moving out of your home is an activity which most people dread .
To be successful with this operation , you will need plenty of time , boxes , various wrapping material and a system in place .
Without a proper plan , the move is sure to become an even worse nightmare than it usually is .
Moving and Insurance
When you ’re planning to move and you ’re wondering about insurance , remember that no matter how careful you are in choosing movers , accidents can happen .
What can be controlled is how effective your moving company is at resolving claims and making sure you ’re adequately covered should an accident occur .
This article will offer a basic orientation in moving insurance .
Do It Yourself
If you finally decide for DIY moving , you will soon realize it \'s not easy at all .
Some people get overwhelmingly stressed during a move .
Others seem to handle it with grace and a smile .
But it ’s not all personality and disposition — if you want to experience a stress - free move , follow these simple steps .
How to Choose and Oversee the Work of Professionals
Moving is quoted as being one of the most stressful experiences .
The pressure is lower when you choose a professional service , but unfortunately you have not avoided all the troubles .
Some of professionals are not so professional as you would like to believe ...
Managua , Nicaragua : A Sandinista supporter is thrown into the air as they take part in a rally marking the 30th anniversary of the Sandinista revolution which overthrew Nicaragua 's Somoza dictatorship in 1979
Photograph : Miguel Alvarez / AP
Dark Matter Hiding in the Margins
Feb 16 , 2009 Astronomers and astrophysicists are so keen to identify cold dark matter that almost any argument is accepted in the physics journals and the popular science media without apparent critical reasoning .
A recently published paper in the Journal of Physics A by Adler ( 2008 ) calculates the maximum amount of cold dark matter that must be present in the space between the Laser Geodynamics Satellites ( LAGEOS ) and the Moon ’s orbit .
Adler asserts that there is at most the equivalent to 4 x 10 ^ - 9 of Earth ’s mass of dark matter in that volume ( 2.4 x 10^16 kilograms ) .
This scientific journal article was reported on the Scientific American and the American Scientist websites , among others .
Unfortunately , the writers and editors seem not to have read the original paper and were more concerned with sensational headlines about dark matter than responsible science reporting .
Still worse , the editor of the Journal of Physics A did n’t seem to pay much attention to the paper .
What Adler does is deceptively straightforward .
He uses published measurements for the gravitational parameter ( GM in units of kg^3 / s^2 , the product of the gravitational constant G and the object ’s mass ) for the Earth alone , the Moon alone , and the Earth and Moon combined .
After subtracting the values for the Earth alone and the Moon alone from the value of the two combined , what is left must be dark matter .
Adler 's value for the combined GM parameter is 403503.2357 ± 0.0014 .
His value for the Earth alone is 398600.4356 ± 0.0008 , and his value for the Moon alone is 4902.8000 ± 0.0003 .
Each of these gravitational parameters is derived using a different method with different sets of assumptions , and are then " tweaked " in different ways ( with implicit assumptions ) before the final calculations .
In the end , Adler finds the GM for dark matter to be 0.0001±0.0016 .
By dividing this value by the GM for the Earth , the result is a ratio of ( 0.3 ± 4 ) x 10 ^ - 9 . Based on that result , he asserts that there must be a mass of dark matter less than 4 x 10 ^ - 9 times that of the Earth in that volume of space ( G assumed to be a constant ) .
There is a deep flaw in the proposal that the difference in these values is statistically significant .
What has been found is that the GM value selected for the Earth - Moon combination versus the separate GM values for the Earth and Moon alone agree well within their stated tolerances .
Alternatively , the value for the combined Earth - Moon GM is 403503.2357 ± 0.0014 .
If for comparison the separate Earth and Moon values are added using standard interval calculations to get the new error , the value is 403503.2356 ± 0.0011 .
Looking at these two values with error bars on a chart , the second summed value fits perfectly within the 95 % confidence error bars of the original combined value .
There is no significant difference between the two values .
This error in reasoning is immediately followed by another statistical sleight of hand .
Adler computes the dark matter - to - Earth GM ratio of ( 0.3 ± 4 ) x 10 ^ - 9 . From this he uses only the positive side of the 95 % confidence interval to assert there is at most 4 x 10 ^ - 9 the fraction of Earth ’s mass in dark matter between Earth and the Moon .
This is really misleading .
The positive side of a confidence interval has no more statistical significance than the negative side .
It is 0.3 plus or minus 4 , not just plus .
That means - 3.7 is as statistically valid as +4.3 .
The best that he can propose ( if we can ignore the error in assigning a statistically insignificant difference to dark matter at all ) is that there is a 95 % likelihood of there being or not being any dark matter in that volume of space .
That is not really so enlightening .
However , the fundamental errors he makes in interpreting these calculations does not stop the flights of fancy in the Scientific American article one bit :
“ Based on current data , Adler estimates in the October 17 Journal of Physics A that at most some 24 trillion metric tons of dark matter lies between Earth and the moon .
Such a dark matter halo might explain the anomalies seen in the orbits of the Pioneer , Galileo , Cassini , Rosetta and NEAR mission spacecraft .
Adler also speculates that dark matter could exert dramatic effects on the four gas giants in our solar system — Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
If these massive worlds have gravitationally captured dark matter , then dark matter particles could smash into them — rare events but enough to heat up the gas giants and account for why the insides of these planets ( and even Earth ) seem hotter than known mechanisms can explain .
It might also account for why Uranus seems anomalously cold — the planet is bizarrely tilted , perhaps because of a colossal impact , and Adler surmises that this collision might have knocked away most of the dark matter cloud that might typically have heated Uranus .
”
It ’s difficult to know where to start with a critique of the Scientific American article .
First , the writer obviously did not read the paper , or if he did , he has no grasp of confidence intervals .
Second , the amount of mass under consideration is comparatively tiny .
Twenty - four trillion metric tons is not even a very big asteroid .
It ’s not even in the top 10 of asteroid masses .
So how this is meant to explain spacecraft orbital anomalies is not clear .
Allowing for similar dark matter “ halos ” around the other planets , it will not exert any significant gravitational force on the Pioneer spacecraft .
Third , there ’s the speculation about Uranus .
By definition , dark matter does not interact with “ regular ” matter .
So how a collision with Uranus would have “ knocked away ” dark matter is difficult to understand .
Adler correctly states that there are anomalous temperature phenomena associated with Venus , Saturn and other planets .
The Electric Universe model uses observational data of electrical currents in space to propose hypotheses about these temperature anomalies .
Wal Thornhill used the Electric Universe model to correctly predict that Saturn would have hot North and South Poles ( even though the North Pole was in total darkness for over 15 years ) .
Comparing this to Adler ’s ideas , how would dark matter collisions preferentially heat the North and South poles ?
The Electric Universe model also predicts the spacecraft orbital anomalies .
Space probes develop a negative charge as they move through space .
As Wal Thornhill discussed in " A Mystery Solved , " in the weak but steady electric field of the Sun negatively charged spacecraft will experience a small “ anomalous ” acceleration toward the Sun .
Those employed by our scientific establishment , as well as scientific reporters , should be held to a high standard of critical thinking .
In addition , the readership must not take any assertions from the scientific community at face value .
A scientific theory is best assessed by its ability to provide testable predictions of the Universe around us .
By adopting an attitude that asserts a theory is no longer open to being falsified , we have moved from science to faith .
The Electric Universe movement encompasses a wide range of testable models and propositions to explain the world around us .
It is also about empowering an educated public to demand better science from our scientists .
Contributed by Tom Wilson
SPECIAL NOTE - ** New Volumes Available :
We are pleased to announce a new e-book series THE UNIVERSE ELECTRIC .
Available now , the first volume of this series , titled Big Bang , summarizes the failure of modern cosmology and offers a new electrical perspective on the cosmos .
At over 200 pages , and designed for broadest public appeal , it combines spectacular full - color graphics with lean and readily understandable text .
** Then second and third volumes in the series are now available , respectively titled Sun and Comet , they offer the reader easy to understand explanations of how and why these bodies exist within an Electric Universe .
High school and college students -- and teachers in numerous fields -- will love these books .
So will a large audience of general readers .
Visitors to the Thunderbolts .
info site have often wondered whether they could fully appreciate the Electric Universe without further formal education .
The answer is given by these exquisitely designed books .
Readers from virtually all backgrounds and education levels will find them easy to comprehend , from start to finish .
For the Thunderbolts Project , this series is a milestone .
Please see for yourself by checking out the new Thunderbolts Project website , our leading edge in reaching new markets globally .
Please visit our Forum SITE SEARCH
This free site search script provided by JavaScript Kit SUBSCRIBE FREE update -
Weekly digest of Picture of the Day , Thunderblog , Forum , Multimedia and more .
Weekly digest of Picture of the Day , Thunderblog , Forum , Multimedia and more .
*** NEW DVD ***
Selections Playlist
Symbols of an Alien Sky E-BOOKS
An e-book series for teachers , general readers and specialists alike .
VIDEO ( FREE viewing ) Thunderbolts of the Gods
PREDICTIONS
Follow the stunning success of the Electric Universe in predicting the ' surprises ' of the space age .
MULTIMEDIA
Our multimedia page explores many diverse topics , including a few not covered by the Thunderbolts Project .
OUR VISITORS :
THE archetypal chopper  the style of stretched - out , bare - bones motorcycle that Peter Fonda piloted 40 years ago in “ Easy Rider ”  is idling at a crossroads in its evolution .
Honda  that ’s right , Honda  has created its own mass - produced , made - in - Japan take on the breed of custom bikes named for their minimalist design .
And it has introduced this new machine , the 2010 Fury , with an advertising campaign that ’s about as far from “ You meet the nicest people ” as can be imagined .
A 30 - second TV ad for the new model delivers a rapid - fire barrage of rage , destruction and disaster .
In strobe - light succession it menaces viewers with flashes of bared fangs .
Rams bash horns .
Glass shatters .
A wrecking ball topples a wall .
A boxer is knocked senseless .
Fingers , then a fist , punch out from the screen .
A car explodes .
Lightning lashes the blackened earth .
And that ’s just the first nine seconds .
The commercial ends with “ It ’s a Honda ” spelled out in ragged letters .
Which , after all the hypercaffeinated action that precedes it , is akin to learning that your home economics teacher has been moonlighting as a pole dancer .
Something completely ridiculous and impossible , but true
I have n't done a maths entry for ages , but today I went to an absolutely amazing colloquium at the maths department .
Professor Cameron started portentously by saying :
I am about to tell you something that you will find completely ridiculous and impossible , but 5 minutes later you 'll be absolutely convinced that it 's true , and in fact you 'll think it 's completely obvious .
I think maths is the only academic subject in which this can happen .
For the interested non-mathematicians , I should explain a couple of terms .
In this entry , when I say " a graph " , think of a collection of dots joined by lines .
The dots are called vertices , the lines are called edges .
A simple example is a network of roads between towns : each town is a vertex of the graph , and each road joining two towns is an edge between two vertices .
Graphs are quite abstract and can be used to represent all sorts of situations .
Here is another example of a graph .
Imagine a party where some know each other and some do n't .
This defines a graph , each person is a vertex , and each vertex ( person ) is joined by an edge if the two people know each other .
Back to the colloqium .
The ridiculous and seemingly impossible statement was as follows .
Suppose you and I each choose a random infinite graph .
That is , we choose a graph with an infinite number of vertices , where for each pair of vertices there is an edge between them with probability 1/2 ( and these probabilities are all independent ) .
Another way of putting it is that we build our graph by considering every pair of vertices , and we toss a coin to decide whether or not there should be an edge between these two vertices .
The ridiculous statement is that with probability 1 , we will choose the same graph .
Seems impossible ?
Let me explain a bit more .
We may need to relabel our vertices .
That is my vertex called A may correspond to your vertex called B , but the names we give to the vertices are n't important , it 's the way we join them up that is important .
With this understood , with probability 1 we have chosen the same graph .
Saying that it happens with probability 1 does n't mean that it always happens .
For example , suppose I chose every pair of vertices to be joined by an edge , and you chose no pair of vertices to be joined by an edge .
These graphs are obviously not the same .
But , there is a probability of 0 of our choosing these particular two graphs at random , so although it could happen , it will happen with probability 0 .
I can even go one stage further and tell you exactly what graph we have both chosen entirely at random .
Suppose I label the vertices with the natural numbers 0,1,2,3 , ... , then in this graph , called the Rado graph , we join x<y with an edge if the xth digit of y written out in base 2 is 1 .
Things get even stranger .
This graph is universal .
That means that every possible infinite graph appears inside a randomly chosen one ( with probability 1 ) .
What this means is that if you give me any infinite graph ( not just the randomly chosen one , but the unlikely ones too ) , I can find a collection of vertices in my random graph which correspond to your graph , in the sense that if I ignore all the other vertices and all the edges connected to them , what remains will be precisely your graph .
I think this is remarkable : all possible graphs are contained in one particular graph , and not only that but this particular graph is the one you get when you just choose one at random .
So here 's how to see that it 's true .
First of all , a little definition .
We say that a graph has property ( * ) if whenever you choose two finite ( disjoint ) sets of vertices U and V , there is at least one vertex x in the graph so that x is joined to every vertex in U by an edge , and to no vertex in V .
It turns out that random graphs have property ( * ) with probability 1 .
It also turns out that any two graphs with property ( *) must be the same .
The first step then is to show that random graphs have property ( * ) with probability 1 .
The way to do this is to show that they fail to have property ( * ) with probability 0 .
So here 's how .
Suppose you 've chosen two sets of vertices U and V , and suppose that there are a total of n vertices in U and V together .
Now , I simply choose any vertex x .
The chance that x will be joined to everything in U and nothing in V is just ( 1/2 ) n because each edge is chosen independently at random with probability 1/ 2 and there are n possible edges to consider .
So the probability of x not being connected to everything in U and nothing in V is 1 - ( 1/2 ) n which is ever so slightly less than 1 .
Now choose another vertex and do the same thing .
The chance that neither of these two vertices will be joined to everything in U and nothing in V is ( 1 - ( 1/2 ) n ) 2 .
Keep doing this again and again with the infinite number of vertices you still have to play with and you 'll see that the chance of never finding an x that works is 0 .
The next step is to show that two graphs with property ( *) must be the same , and this is a bit more fiddly .
The way to do it is to systematically relabel the vertices of the second graph using the fact that property ( * ) holds .
Imagine that I 've already managed to relabel 6 of the vertices of the second graph so that the edges between them are the same as the vertices on the first graph with the same labels .
You extend this relabelling to include a 7th vertex as follows .
First of all , choose a new vertex x in the first graph .
This will be connected to some of the 6 vertices and not to the others .
Suppose for the sake of argument its connected to 3 of the 6 vertices and not to the other 3 .
Call the set of vertices in the 6 that it is connected to U , and the ones it is n't connected to V .
Since the second graph has property ( * ) , there will be some vertex y in the second graph connected to all the vertices in U and none of the ones in V .
Relabel this vertex in the second graph the same as the 7th vertex in the first graph .
Now keep doing this until every vertex in the first graph has a corresponding vertex in the second graph .
The problem is that there might be some leftover vertices in the second graph which do n't correspond to anything in the first graph .
The way to fix this is by going back and forth from the first graph to the second graph , and then from the second graph to the first graph again , making sure to eventually fill in all the gaps .
Going back and forth rather than just going forth from the first to the second ensures that there will be no gaps , because if there were a gap in either graph it would eventually be filled in by this method ( as long as you are systematic about the way in which you choose the next vertex to relabel ) .
To prove that this random graph is the same as the Rado graph is just a matter of showing that the Rado graph has property ( * ) .
Have a go .
Confident mathematicians can read more about this in the lecture slides available at Professor Cameron 's web page .
HAHAHA
OMG !!
PLZ tell me your a comedian and that it's not because your just soo poorly educated ?
Cus that is one stupidly hilarious question .
Well , I got me a new refurbished box with very good specs , which is about to become my new home office machine .
That ’s as soon as Slackware 13.0 hits final distribution release , which should be any day now …
( Bought the box with Windows on it , you see )
So , while I ’m twiddling my thumbs waiting for that landmark to come to pass , I did what any Linux user probably does when temporarily owning a copy of Windows ( XP Pro here ) , and checked how it ’s doing these days .
Because , see , I just ca n’t get enough asstroturfers telling me how swell Windows stacks up to Linux lately .
Gotta see for myself what all the hype is about .
And since Microsoft is now suffering from the delusion that it competes with Linux , well …
It did n’t take long before the old Microsoft memories came back .
Literally before I could get into the desktop , the first problem hit :
It does n’t recognize the mouse .
To be sure , the mouse is an old Wacom tablet with the little wireless mouse on it , pressed into service because , well , my other four mice are busy .
It plugs into the USB port .
But anyway , I ’ve plugged this same mouse into more than six different machines running Linux and it always worked instantly .
The stratosphere is an area of our athmosphere ranging from about 10 to 50 kilometers in altitude .
It 's a very strange place .
If you where to fly at about 30 kilometers high above , the ground , your conditions would be more similar to what you would find in Mars than to our usual ones .
Air pressure is about 1 % of the one we are used to , and temperature is around 30 - 50 degrees below zero .
Most of the athmosphere is below you , and for this reason the sky is black even during the day .
Also , from that altitude the curvature of the horizon begins being noticeable , and the Earth starts appearing as a large ball .
Surprisingly , recent evolutions in technology have made it relatively easy to send a camera there , take photos and come back safe to earth .
All you need is a weather balloon ( scores of them are launched every day to collect information for weather forecasts ) , a small parachute , a GPS sending data to a computer that transmits its co-ordinates to earth , and of course a camera .
While the ballon rises in height , the air is always less dense , and the balloon expands .
When you arrive to a certain altitude ( usually just above 30 km ) the balloon has exanded so much that it suddenly bursts and your capsule falls back to ground , slowed by the parachute .
By rushing to the co-ordinates that are sent back via radio , you ( hopefully ) recover the capsule , the camera and the photos .
The UN has warned that the virus has the potential to become a pandemic
The first cases of swine flu have been confirmed in Europe .
Two British people admitted to hospital in Scotland after returning from a holiday in Mexico have been confirmed as having the virus .
In Spain , a man has tested positive for swine flu and 17 other people are under investigation , officials said .
EU health ministers are to meet on Thursday to discuss the outbreak , which health officials suspect has killed about 150 people in Mexico .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) raised its alert level late on Tuesday from three to four - two steps short of declaring a full pandemic .
Personally , I 'd try to avoid non-essential travel to the areas which are reported to be in the centre of the cluster
Androulla Vassiliou
EU Health Commissioner WHO Assistant Director General Dr Keiji Fukuda said it signalled a " significant step towards pandemic influenza " , but added " we are not there yet " .
The EU's Health Commissioner , Androulla Vassiliou , has advised against non-essential travel to any affected areas .
Besides Mexico , the UK and Spain , there have also been confirmed cases in the US and Canada .
Suspected cases are being investigated in Brazil , Israel , Australia and New Zealand .
" Personally , I 'd try to avoid non-essential travel to the areas which are reported to be in the centre of the cluster , " Ms Vassiliou said .
The precaution would " minimise the personal risk and to reduce the potential risk to spread the infection to other people " , she added .
Germany 's largest tour operator , TUI , suspended all trips to Mexico City as a precaution - though holidays to other parts of Mexico would continue as normal .
' Mild cases ' Scottish Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon said both UK patients were recovering well in a Lanarkshire hospital from mild cases of the virus .
SWINE FLU
Swine flu is a respiratory disease thought to spread through coughing and sneezing Symptoms mimic those of normal flu - but in Mexico more than 100 people have died Good hygiene like using a tissue and washing hands thoroughly can help reduce transmission
Q&A : Swine flu
In pictures : Swine flu World moves to contain spread " The threat to the public remains low , " she said .
" The precautionary actions we have taken over the last two days have been important in allowing us to respond appropriately and give us the best prospect of disrupting the spread of the virus . "
There are 14 other possible cases currently being investigated in the UK , though all the people involved are well enough to be managed in the community , British Health Secretary Alan Johnson said .
In Madrid , Spanish Health Minister Trinidad Jimenez confirmed that a male patient in Almansa in the south - eastern province of Albacete had tested positive for the virus .
The 23 - year - old man had arrived home from Mexico with a fever last Wednesday , and was isolated in a hospital ward on Saturday night , she added .
Ms Jimenez said his condition was not serious .
At least 17 further suspected cases are under investigation in Spain , in locations ranging from Madrid to Mallorca , Barcelona to the Basque Country .
The patients have all recently returned from Mexico .
None of the cases is thought to be life threatening .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Four people tested for the virus in France have been given the all - clear by doctors , French Health Minister Roselyne Bachelot has said .
The WHO has said the swine flu virus could be capable of mutating into a more dangerous strain , but officials say they need more information on the virus to determine the threat it poses .
They are advising all countries to be vigilant for seasonally unusual flu or pneumonia - like symptoms among their populations - particularly among young adults , a characteristic of past pandemics .
The H1N1 virus is the same strain that causes seasonal flu outbreaks in humans , but the newly detected version contains genetic material from versions of flu which usually affect pigs and birds .
There is currently no vaccine for the new strain , but severe cases can be treated with anti-viral medication .
' Maximum co-operation ' Earlier , the European Commission convened an emergency meeting of the health ministers from all the EU 's 27 member states on Thursday to discuss growing concern about the outbreak .
SPREAD OF VIRUS Mexico : 20 confirmed cases ( Mexico puts suspected deaths at 149 ) United States : 40 confirmed cases Canada : 6 confirmed cases Spain : 1 confirmed case UK : Scotland says tests confirm 2 cases Israel , Brazil , Guatemala , Peru , Australia and New Zealand : Suspected cases being tested
Swine flu :
Your experiences " The commission is following the situation concerning the swine influenza very closely , " said Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso .
" We will continue to assess the information we are getting from the experts , evaluate the potential danger and decide together with member states on the measures to take . "
Further details about Thursday 's meeting have to be worked out by the Czech Republic , which currently holds the EU presidency .
The commission 's director - general for health and consumer protection , Robert Madelin , said close co-ordination between EU members was the most effective way to tackle any pandemic .
He said the EU was " putting in place plans agreed in the last five years , ensuring that the level of risk management is appropriate to the risk - using our ' war - games ' experiences " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Serving The Legal Needs Of Businesses And Individuals
At the Greensboro law office of Henson & Talley LLP , we are committed to meeting the needs of our clients .
From business formation and litigation , to personal injury and workers ’ compensation , we always work toward achieving the best possible results .
We are a boutique firm that provides personal attention coupled with the same level of experience and qualifications that is expected from a larger firm .
Our record of success in meeting the needs of our individual and business clients has been recognized in the form of an AV rating * for Perry Henson Jr. , Karen Strom Talley and the firm itself under Martindale - Hubbell ’s peer review rating system .
HMAS Success carries a crew of 220 male and female sailors
An investigation is under way in Australia into claims that navy sailors competed with each other to bed their female colleagues for cash prizes .
According to Channel Seven news , sailors on board HMAS Success put a cash value on each woman 's head .
Sleeping with a female officer or a lesbian , or having sex in a strange place , won more money , the report said .
The Defence Department confirmed that a number of individuals had been sent back to Australia for interviews .
HMAS Success , which has a crew of 220 , is currently on exercises in South East Asia .
According to the Channel Seven report , the contest came to light in May , when the vessel was in Singapore .
It said that the sailors recorded their efforts in a book called The Ledger , challenging each other to sleep with as many female colleagues as possible .
Sex on a pool table or with a lesbian reportedly scored higher points .
The Defence Department did not confirm how many sailors were involved .
But , in a statement to Seven Network , it said that a number of concerns raised by female crew members were " now subject to formal inquiry " .
The " veracity of any allegations " had yet to be confirmed , it said .
This is precisely why we need the public option as a cost containment in the final bill product , and why we MUST work hard to influence the final conference report !
According to the Los Angeles Times , the Senate Finance Bill is a " bonanza " for private insurers because without a public option to lower premium costs and provide competition , what insurance companies get are 47 million new captive customers with big fat government subsidies ( i.e. bailouts ) that are forced to buy junk insurance plans .
" It 's a bonanza , " said Robert Laszewski , a health insurance executive for 20 years who now tracks reform legislation as president of the consulting firm Health Policy and Strategy Associates Inc .
And you know what 's egregiously bad about this ?
Private insurance companies currently pay about 80 % of insurance policy claims , and in the Senate Finance Bill , the requirement for them will be lowered to 65 % !
That means you'd be required to pick up 35 % of your medical bills .
See ?
You get covered , but you 're forced to pay 35 % of your bills .
That 's why I keep saying that universal coverage does not equate affordability .
A Post By : Nate Jelovich
digg_url = ‘ http://digg.com/arts_culture/20_Beautiful_Examples_of_Urban_Decay_Photography_Images’;
Urban decay photography is the technique of photographing abandoned and rundown buildings .
In many cases the buildings have n’t been abandoned for more than a few years .
Often illegal , photographers of abandoned buildings typically bypass “ no trespassing ” signs to capture these spectacular shots .
The characteristic dark and somber coloring sets the mood of these once populated structures .
Now they stand as mere memories of the past , luckily to have even one lone photographer wandering their halls once again .
Take a look and get inspired by 20 Beautiful Examples of Urban Decay Photography below .
Also check out our recent post – How to Photograph Abandoned Places .
All this week , Norway is feting a writer who was lucky to escape being shot for his shameless collaboration with the Nazis .
Knut Hamsun was either , according to taste , one of the greatest figures in world literature , or a vile old man with a head full of nasty ideas who betrayed his country .
Not many years ago , anyone who went into a Norwegian bookshop and asked for one of Hamsun 's books was likely to get a frosty reply from across the counter .
And yet he was , to be blunt , the only world - renowned novelist that country has yet produced .
This week , the town of Hamaroey , 200 miles north of the Arctic Circle , where Hamsun grew up , has been celebrating six consecutive " Hamsundagene " ( Hamsun Days ) , with seminars , meetings and exhibitions dedicated to the writer , to mark the 150th anniversary of his birth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The festivities kicked off on Tuesday , with the formal opening of Norway 's first Knut Hamsun museum , by Crown Princess Mette - Marit and the Culture Minister , Trond Giske .
There is a musical in preparation , based on his work , and his face will appear for the first time on a Norwegian postage stamp .
Getting the museum to open has taken 15 years of planning and prevarication , because of Hamsun 's appalling behaviour in old age .
The design , by the American architect Steven Holl , won the Progressive Architecture Award as far back as 1996 but it took until 2007 for the government to allocate the money , as it grappled between its anxiety to remember a fabulous writer , and to forget a traitor .
His case poses an old question about art and morality – whether it is permissible , or even possible , to enjoy the music of Carl Orff , or the poetry of Ezra Pound , or Hamsun 's fiction , and overlook the sort of people that they were in life .
Baruch Tenembaum , who founded the International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation , named in honour of a Swedish diplomat who saved thousands of Jews from Nazi death camps during the Second World War , thinks not .
He has written to the Norwegian government to say that he was " astonished and concerned " that they should be celebrating a man who collaborated with " one of the most sinister regimes in history " .
Mr Tenembaum told Reuters : " We cannot understand how Norwegians can honour someone who was a criminal and was inciting crimes .
" Hamsun was a great writer , so what ?
What is more important – art or integrity ?
It is a bit like if someone said that since Hitler was a good painter , why do n't we honour him ? "
Except , of course , that Hitler was not a good painter , whereas Hamsun was a giant of world literature .
What Edvard Grieg was to music , or Henrik Ibsen to drama , or Edvard Munch to art , Hamsun was to literature .
The French writer André Gide put him on a par with Dostoevsky , but thought Hamsun was the more subtle .
Ernest Hemingway urged F Scott Fitzgerald to study him .
To Isaac Bashevis Singer he was the " father of modern literature " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Hamsun 's best - known novel , Hunger , first published in 1890 , has never been out of print and it is still sold in the UK .
It is the fictionalised memoir of a youth driven by an ambition to write who is starving to death in what was then the capital of Norway , Christiana .
Utterly wrapped up in himself , and interested in no one else , he is completely alone in a crowded city .
The author had no literary training .
But his collaboration with the Nazis cannot be put down to ignorance , or compared with the case of PG Wodehouse , a political innocent who found himself living under Nazi occupation and who later confessed that he had been a complete fool to agree to broadcast on German radio .
Hamsun 's Nazi sympathies were the natural outcome of prejudices he had harboured for years .
He did not like big cities and had mystic ideas about men and people returning to their ancient rural roots , which chimed with Nazi mythology .
He was a life - long admirer of German culture .
He backed the Germans in the First World War , supported Norway 's fascist movement in the 1930s , and when Norway was under Nazi occupation , he met Hitler and gave Goebbels the Nobel Prize Medal for Literature that he had been awarded in 1920 .
Neither did he relent or apologise when the war was over .
A week after Hitler committed suicide , Hamsun wrote an obituary praising him as " a warrior for mankind " , " a prophet of the gospel of justice for all nations " and " a reformer of the highest sort " .
He was arrested in 1945 and it was only the fact that he was then aged 85 , and the suspicion that he had gone soft in the head , that protected him from the prospect of joining Norway 's wartime prime minister , Vidrun Quisling , in front of a firing squad .
Instead , his property was confiscated , he was put under psychiatric observation , and died , disgraced but unrepentant , in 1952 , aged 92 .
The government insists that nothing about this week 's celebrations is intended to excuse or obscure Hamsun 's ghastly politics .
Norway 's Foreign Minister , Jonas Gahr Stoere , insisted : " The Hamsun anniversary in no way condones Hamsun 's support for the Nazi regime .
He received massive condemnation for this after the war and his pro-Nazi activities must continue to be condemned . "
There is no attempt to gloss over Hamsun 's Nazi sympathies in the events commemorating his anniversary , the minister said .
" Democracy and the education of future generations will best be served by being completely frank about these divergent aspects of Hamsun 's life . "
But Mr Tenembaum retorted : " We can declare a year of commemorations , issue a stamp , write a musical – and then we say we are doing it to educate people about the Nazis . "
On the wrong side : Artists who erred
* PG Wodehouse was trapped in occupied France in 1940 , travelled to Berlin and made five humorous broadcasts on German radio .
It did not cross his mind that he would be considered a traitor .
Despite a huge public outcry , he was cleared , and received a knighthood shortly before his death in 1975 .
But he never returned to the UK .
* Ezra Pound , one of the greatest American poets of the century , met Mussolini in 1933 , and spent the war in Italy making hysterical anti-Semitic , pro-fascist broadcasts .
Arrested in 1945 , he narrowly escaped execution and spent 12 years in a hospital for the criminally insane .
* Carl Orff , composer of the raunchy opera Carmina Burana , lived and prospered in Germany throughout the Third Reich , but lied his way out of trouble by fooling a de-Nazification court into believing that he had joined the White Rose resistance movement .
Inkasso er et skummelt ord , og det er nok mange nordmenn som frykter et slikt varsel i postkassen .
Når vi ser tall fra 2016 så vet vi dessuten at svært mange har fått nettopp inkassosaker – for bare på første halvår mottok inkassoselskapene over 4 millioner saker .
Det er ...
The Consumer Price Index has shown a year over year decline for the first time since the 1950s .
This in itself has added fuel to the growing flame of the menace of deflation .
Yet what we are seeing in the psychical world in the form of price declines is directly linked to demand destruction and the evaporation of old debts in the form of foreclosures and bankruptcies for example .
In a fiat currency like the one we have , the Federal Reserve with the aid of the U.S.
Treasury has no bounds in how much money it can print .
But we have seen in this recession nearly $ 14 trillion in household wealth disappear and this wealth destruction has occurred at a faster pace than any money creation .
The CPI going negative for the first time in half a century will look like full - fledged deflation by the public .
After all , with housing prices bursting from the bubble and other items going down in price , what else is the consumer to expect ?
Let us look at a chart showing year over year changes in CPI and also , tax revenues from the state of California :
What we are seeing here is the story of two decades of bubbles in California .
First , we had the 1990s technology bubble followed by the real estate bubble .
You ’ll notice on the chart how quickly revenues can fall .
The problem in a state like California that has had to fix $ 60 billion in budget gaps this year is that the real estate bubble came just in time to save the technology bubble bursting .
This time , there does n’t seem to be another bubble waiting and already there are projections for another budget short - fall for the next fiscal year .
In a sign of current price destruction deflation , the state is actually lowering the income tax brackets for the first time in 30 years .
You heard correct , lowering the tax brackets :
“ ( LA Times ) Reporting from Sacramento – While Californians are still feeling the sting of income and sales tax hikes signed into law earlier this year , now comes news that state tax authorities plan to take a little more from their pockets .
For only the second time in 30 years , the tax board is lowering the point where each tax bracket begins , bumping many people into a higher category .
At the same time , officials are cutting back some deductions .
Everyone will pay more , even people whose bracket or income does n’t change .
The extra sums will total as much as $ 140 per family , on top of the increases previously enacted . ”
On top of the increase in taxes , every income bracket is going to feel the menace of demand destruction deflation .
Now why would the state do this ?
To increase revenues .
That is why with the S&P 500 jumping over 50 % in a few months , people need to be cautious how companies are making their money .
Most of the jump in “ earnings ” has occurred on the “ cost savings ” side more so than the consumer spending side :
It is rather apparent that spending and consumption which make up a big part of our economy are not leading the charge in earnings .
When you have 26,000,000 unemployed and underemployed Americans , it is easy to save money from a company perspective .
This is not a growth model but one time earnings from demand destruction .
Even more evidence of this demand destruction , Social Security announces no cost of living adjustments :
“ ( AARP )
For the first time in 35 years , older Americans will receive no cost - of - living increases ( COLA ) in their Social Security checks in 2010 according to Congressional Budget Office estimates .
The forecast is based on expected low inflation , in contrast to 2009 when the COLA added 5.8 percent to Social Security benefits .
Next year ’s zero COLA is bad news enough for many retirees living on fixed incomes during a recession .
But millions of them also face much higher Medicare Part B premiums next year . ”
Is this sounding familiar ?
But given the rising cost in healthcare , many can expect a hike in their Medicare Part B .
What does this mean ?
Less money for consumption .
And with many baby boomers entering retirement in the next few years , a perfect storm is starting to brew .
If we dig into the CPI we notice that things such as food and healthcare are going up .
For someone on a fixed $ 1,000 a month from Social Security , this might be a big burden .
Many retirees ( of course not all ) already have their home paid off if they own ( one third of American homeowners own their home free and clear ) .
So food and healthcare become their major expense .
And these few areas are going up .
Discretionary items like a home ( yes , to own a home is a choice since there are rentals ) , vacations , and automobiles are taking major hits in prices .
Go on eBay or take a look at your local newspaper and you will find deals in these area .
Ultimately earnings will have to occur from growth including job growth .
To assume these deep cost cuts are a way to make earnings and rally the S&P 500 is simply a way to make Wall Street wealthier while most average Americans scrimp by .
We still have major issues that will add further demand destruction .
$ 3 trillion in commercial real estate loans are out there .
With demand going down as we have seen , who will buy / lease that space ?
Many boomers are going to be downsizing in the next few years .
In terms or rampant inflation , this is still something not in the equation .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
READER COMMENTS ON
" Former NM Secretary of State Indicted on 50 Counts "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Janet Murphy said on 8/21/2009 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
So we 've got some evidence here that Vigil - Giron let this shady consultant " re-negotiate " his contract without following all of the rules and regs .
Pretty stupid Becky , but what are the rest of these 49 counts against her all about ?
There does n't seem to be any evidence that Vigil - Giron got any money out of this massive criminal operation she was ' in on ' .
Really , not a check , not a witness - nothing according to the indictment and the press ...
[ The indictments also do n’t lay out in detail how Vigil - Giron profited financially from the scheme , although it charged her with embezzling in excess of $ 20,000 on more than one occasion .
The only bank transactions listed in the indictments involve Gutierrez and the Kupfers . -NM Independent ]
Interesting ... Vigil - Giron is the only one accused of embezzling an " unspecified " amount without any bank transactions / paper - trail listed to prove the accusation .
She is also the only one high - profile enough that anyone would care if she got indicted .
I mean , anyone outside of ' the lege ' in Santa Fe that is .
Hmmm ....
It could be that she is guilty as sin , but you 've got admit this whole thing looks a bit " opportunistic " on the part of NM Attorney Gary King , who one his primary on the " promise " that he would root out corruption in his own party .
Let 's face it - if you were the NM attorney general , as corrupt as that state is , would you want the R's accusing you of " going easy " of a former state official like Vigil - Giron ?
Probably not , but the evidence against her is very , VERY weak .
Just calling it like I see it ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 8/21/2009 @ 12:35 pm PT ...
50 counts is a lot of counts for the evidence to be very , very weak .
let 's wait and see if that is true or not .
How can 2 million dollars be unaccounted for ?
Was n't that part of her job ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/21/2009 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
Excellent piece , Ellen .
Vigil - Giron used federal funds to pay Gutierrez ’s firm $ 6.3 million for advertising and voter education work leading up to the 2006 election .
The federal audit found that the company can’t account for how more than $ 2 million of that money was spent .
So the federal government , in enacting HAVA , not only created a huge slush fund designed to line the pockets of the vendors of easily hacked electronic DREs but added much more for " voter education . "
How much $ $$ would be needed to teach people how to mark old fashion paper ballots ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... John R Brakey said on 8/21/2009 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
Well I can see that the difference between Arizona and New Mexico is they in New Mexico have a prosecutor and we in Arizona do n’t .
We have found serious problems but nothing is dome except cover-ups .
The facts are so bad that we made a Documentary film called : FATALLY FLAWED , an inspiring story about citizens fighting to regain the integrity of elections , citizens who share the ultimate goal of election transparency .
The film allows viewers to watch events as they unfold through the eyes of seasoned lawyer and activist Bill Risner .
As the story develops , it becomes evident that what initially appeared to be a public mandate to expand the city 's roads was a likely case of election fraud .
Every step along the way , citizens seeking answers are met with resistance from election facilitators , local politicians and even the state 's own attorney general .
Persistent , unanswered questions generated by the lawsuit and new evidence of wrongdoing on the part of elections division personnel led to an equally suspicious investigation by the Arizona attorney general .
This investigation culminated in a recount conducted under conditions that made meaningful public oversight impossible .
VISIT THE OFFICIAL MOVIE WEBSITE : http://www.fatallyflawedthemovie.com/index.html
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ellen Theisen said on 8/21/2009 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
John ,
You have been doing wonderful work in Arizona .
I 'm so eager to see the film .
Every state should have activists so dedicated to election integrity .
Some do , but sadly some do n't .
Thanks for all you do .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... co said on 8/21/2009 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
Thanks for keeping us updated .
For the sake of accuracy , the March indictment should read Clark County , KY ( as in Kentucky , not KS as in Kansas ) .
Also , thanks to John for the tip on Fatally Flawed .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/21/2009 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
This definitely wo n't be in the news !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... TruthIsAll said on 8/21/2009 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
Brad .
You should take a look at this related election integrity discussion on DU .
It 's very illuminating but ...
On the other hand , your favorite DUer , is still trying to spread disinformation regarding pre and post-election polls .
But he is not succeeding .
In fact , he is getting his ass kicked .
http://www.democraticund...;address=203×513744
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... TruthIsAll said on 8/21/2009 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
Problem with the link in # 8 Hope this link works .
If it does n't , go to the DU Elections Forum , Click on the post :
NY : Computer Tallies Can't be Trusted http://www.democraticund...how_topics&forum=203
I guarantee you will enjoy it ...
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 8/21/2009 @ 8:07 pm PT ...
Keep an eye on what gets dug up about the relationship between Vigil - Giron , Jim Noel ( the husband of Bill Richardson 's deputy campaign manager , Amanda Cooper - who also happens to be freshman NM Senator Tom Udall 's ( D ) stepdaughter ) who was the head of the NM Election Reform task force , and ES&S .
Not gonna say more , we 'll see if the investigation turns up what I think is there .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/22/2009 @ 5:18 am PT ...
There is no validity to Chris Hooten 's suggestion ( comment # 2 ) that the number of counts ( 50 ) in the Vigil - Giron indictment means the evidence is weak .
The link to Brad Friedman 's coverage of the 43 count indictment of former Monterey County , CA Registrar of Voters Tony Achundo reveals that Achundo pleaded no -contest and was serving time in jail at the time Brad 's article was written .
The allegations in a 50 count indictment , if true , simply suggest broad - scale criminal misconduct .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 8/22/2009 @ 11:49 am PT ...
Uh , that 's what I meant .
If there is 50 counts of " smoke , " there probably is a fire somewhere .
Let 's wait and see .
I would be astonished and disappointed if at least some of the charges did n't stick .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2009 @ 6:22 pm PT ...
Can anyone still remember the 2004 Presidential Election BUSHIT theft ?
NM was 1 of 4 swing states that was stolen with obvious disparity that also included NV , FL ( 2nd time offender for team bushit ) and OH .
To some degree my memory card has been willingly erased just like the actual results .
For anyone who bothered to investigate and comprehend how the US election system has been gamed and compromised at the time knows it was rigged .
Brad and people like Bev Harris provided excellent coverage and worked hard to bring the truth about this broken system that 's the flag waving sham of so called freedom and democracy .
To go on limb , I would say what re-election team bushit pulled off in NM was a combination of disqualified American Indian votes tied in with dead people that voted to produce a vote count that exceeded the number of actual voters .
Then a recount could not occur because Green presidential candidate Cobb could not raise the high dollar deposit required before an insane deadline .
Then again ( this is memory only ) , the Democrat governor ordered the ballots to be destroyed .
I do not like to guess in my posts ever so let someone be it from NM , the other 49 states , or surrounding countries set the record straight and I will gladly admit that this factual information stands to be corrected .
What I can tell you for a fact is that the ONLY state electoral vote results that were questioned by the corporate military industrial complex sellout robots in the 109th Congress was Ohio .
All member received John Conyer 's jr. 106 pg report on the evidence of vote rigging and gaming that occured in Ohio although only Senator Boxer from CA stood to question the results .
Future New World Order puppet President then Senator Barack Obama stood up and then sat down to accept the tainted electoral results without question .
No doubt this action helped secure his future position .
Lastly , on the subject of head of the House Judiciary , I would like to say what a disappointment John Conyer 's jr. has been .
He held a hearing where former CA Charles Manson prosecuter spoke on why former President George W. Bush should be proesecuted for murder based on altered documents and lies to take this country into war .
Hard concrete factual evidence that was only the tip of the iceberg about the clear self - serving treasonous criminality of President Bush and his administration that mislead our nation into wars .
Wars the Obama administration continues to engage .
The battlecry excuse ?
http://www.ae911truth.org
Learn how the only way 3 World Trade Towers ( 2 110 story and 1 47 story not hit by a plane could fall at near free fall speed , the positive identification of military high tech thermate cutter charges , and molten metal .
Regular fire or jet fuel burns at 1300 - 1400 degrees F and steel can only become a liquid at temperatures exceeding 3000 - 4000 degrees F .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/22/2009 @ 11:01 pm PT ...
So what do we got here ?
A corrupted system run by the elite super rich and the Pentagon that took out the World Trade Towers with bombs to gain unpresidented support of the American people for bombing , subsequent invasion , and occupation of the Middle East region .
In the process , these greedy lying murderers who run the Federal government awarded themselves broad powers whole taking away right of the US citizen in the process .
Congress gave Bush the right to go to war at his own discretion although the US was never at any danger .
The majority of the military industrial congressional complex did not even show up to debate the issue .
They just voted YES .
The new privilege of the US military to torture anyone " they " label as " suspected terrorists " and detain these individuals indefinitely WITHOUT A PENDING COURT TRIAL .
Illegal surveilance on the American people to a level greater than the U.S. financial system already evokes with their plan of debt enslavement in place .
The spending of billions and billions of dollars on the US war machine but call it DEFENSE so US bombs , and bullets could murder innocent civilians in these targeted enemey nations .
Then oil comapanies and defense contractor heads like the treasonous lyer former Vice President Dick Cheney can takeover their oil fields in colusion with the military .
These plans were drawn a long time ago .
These people have been infiltrated all 3 branches of government for decades and have run the US mass media propaganda machine with complete control since changes were made under President Reagan .
Yeh New Mexico was stolen and what are you going to do about this small stink fish ?
How about throw money , arms , and the most advanced military training to a group of men to fight against the Fascist takeover by the U.S. ?
The CIA already beat you to it and they call them the enemey known as Alqueda .
Alqueda under a different name was started by the CIA to fight against Russian forces when they attacked Afganistan for the oil back in the 1980's .
You want truth ?
You want justice ?
You want your country back ?
Then dismantal the Illuminati New World Order rulers of the United States .
Fix the system , and start the world court convictions of the Bush administration who need to go to jail .
The Federal reserve is not even a government entity .
It a group of unknown questionable bankers .
Note it is not made up of Hollywood actors or celebrities who get full time spot- light in the US corporate mass media .
They have been printing and taxing US people since 1933 .
Cut the Denfense spending to 1 quarter it 's current budget and divert the money into renewable sources of energy .
Clean coal is a fcking lie and nuclear must be phased out .
Wind , solar , geothermal , and some water .
Lead the nations in cleaning up the oceans before the complete collapse of the still currently over - fished fisheries .
Obama might be dark skinned and the former Bush administration was multi racial BUT they represent the same people as Bush .
Wake up !!!
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dr.Woody said on 8/23/2009 @ 9:35 am PT ...
On a radio program in advance of the 2004 NM primary , I heard Vicki Jiron tell a radio audience that she was unaware of any difference between open source and proprietary software .
Vicki's one of half - a- dozen loyal Dim females in N M who have been promoted to positions of authority in State Government not for their intelligence , competence , or ability , but for their loyalty to the State Dim machine .
Others include the current Sec.of State , Mary Herrerra ( formerly the County Clerk of the largest NM county ) , and Patsy Madrid , whose ill - fated campaign against Leather Heather Wilson ( Domenici 's personal Congressional ' lap - top ' ) was the instigating event in the US Attorney firing here of David Iglesis .
That she is also corrupt does not surprise me .
It surprised me that it apparently took two full years to drop the hammer on her .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... MadMax said on 8/30/2009 @ 6:24 am PT ...
By GottaLaff
The Quitter family calling it quits ?
That 's what one report says , a report that relied on multiple sources :
AlaskaReport has learned this morning that Todd Palin and former Alaska governor Sarah Palin are to divorce .
Multiple sources in Wasilla and Anchorage have confirmed the news .
The article goes on to say that both S the Q and the First Dude were having affairs , and all that stress led to her First Dude quititude .
It could also explain why she 's been Tweetless lately .
The Palins were noticeably not speaking to each other at last Sunday 's resignation speech in Fairbanks .
Sarah ditched
Todd right after the speech and left without him .
Noted in the piece : S the Q is ringless , and has been for a couple of weeks .
When you quit your ring , you know it 's serious .
Apparently , per the article , she bought land in Montana recently , and will move there with her kids .
The Lower 48 can hardly contain its collective excitement .
Editor 's note : AlaskaReport was the first website to report that Sarah Palin was running for governor of Alaska and the first website to report that Sarah was picked as John McCain 's VP candidate .
Tweeters complexsavage and dmiller23
I feel for the children if this is true .
Other than that , I smell Sarah Snarkage in our future ... and " .
Can't wait .
H/t :
This is a question I get quite a lot .
Where should I start ?
What should I do ?
What can I do to become a better Ruby / Rails developer etc.. ( more common questions )
I wish there was a “ simple / right ” answer to these questions .
Something like : “ Read this book and you will become an awesome developer ” .
Unfortunately , things are not that simple .
We are all different and we learn differently , we also come from different backgrounds .
So instead of telling you what I think is the best way to learn , I decided to ask the community .
Here is a quick compilation of some of the responses I received :
What the community says :
How did you learn Ruby and / or Rails ?
DHH : I learned Ruby by programming in anger .
Attempting to make something real .
Not just a toy program .
: I learned Ruby by programming in anger .
Attempting to make something real .
Not just a toy program .
David Black :
I learned ruby via pickaxe and lots of practice and both reading and answering questions on ruby - talk .
: I learned ruby via pickaxe and lots of practice and both reading and answering questions on ruby - talk .
Evan Phoenix : reading code WHILE writing code
: reading code WHILE writing code Yehuda Katz : I tried impossibly hard things to force myself to learn .
: I tried impossibly hard things to force myself to learn .
Laurent Sansonetti : I learned ruby via pickaxe , reading the posts on ruby - talk and then reading MRI ’s source code
: I learned ruby via pickaxe , reading the posts on ruby - talk and then reading MRI ’s source code Ninh Bui : I was quite a java fanboy back , writing struts + j2ee enterprise apps , Hongli forced me to look at Ruby over a weekend and I learned the Ruby basics .
I then learned Rails by googling , reading books and source code .
: I was quite a java fanboy back , writing struts + j2ee enterprise apps , Hongli forced me to look at Ruby over a weekend and I learned the Ruby basics .
I then learned Rails by googling , reading books and source code .
Tim Connor : the rails community habit of obsessively blogging was probably the biggest help
: the rails community habit of obsessively blogging was probably the biggest help Lar Van Der Jagt : Ryan Bates ’ railscasts for sure .
The Rails Way once I knew enough to dig deeper .
What I wish I ’d done tho is work with experts !
: Ryan Bates ’ railscasts for sure .
The Rails Way once I knew enough to dig deeper .
What I wish I ’d done tho is work with experts !
Arun Gupta : The Rails guides and Agile Development with Rails book .
: The Rails guides and Agile Development with Rails book .
Geoffrey Grosenbach :
After I had read a few tutorials , I started by spending a few hours reading through the API docs .
Even if you do n’t understand everything , it ’s a fantastic way to become familiar with what ’s available .
: After I had read a few tutorials , I started by spending a few hours reading through the API docs .
Even if you do n’t understand everything , it ’s a fantastic way to become familiar with what ’s available .
Nate Todd : I learned MVC with a few CakePHP apps first .
It helped me learn best practices in a language I was familiar with .
: I learned MVC with a few CakePHP apps first .
It helped me learn best practices in a language I was familiar with .
Chris Wanstrath : I learned Ruby on Rails by writing apps and reading the framework ’s source .
What advice would you give ?
Bob Martens :
Get involved in the community in some way .
They know more than you . ;)
: Get involved in the community in some way .
They know more than you . ;)
Ismael Celis : understanding the relationship between the parts of MVC .
Loads of people coming to Rails do n’t know what a design pattern is .
: understanding the relationship between the parts of MVC .
Loads of people coming to Rails do n’t know what a design pattern is .
@jeromegn : I find the best trick to learn RoR is to simply try building something .
Rails docs and learning Ruby in parallel helped me the most
: I find the best trick to learn RoR is to simply try building something .
Rails docs and learning Ruby in parallel helped me the most @johnbender : knowing why instance vars are available in templates , etc .
Essentially knowing the basics of ruby would be my initial advice
: knowing why instance vars are available in templates , etc .
Essentially knowing the basics of ruby would be my initial advice @ryandotsmith : writers read .
Find popular projects on github ( i.e. radiant ) and study their specs .
: writers read .
Find popular projects on github ( i.e. radiant ) and study their specs .
Sunil Karkera : understanding MVC in Rails was the most important thing for me when I started .
: understanding MVC in Rails was the most important thing for me when I started .
Luke Burton : basic screencasts showing something impressive being achieved in small amounts of code were a great start
: basic screencasts showing something impressive being achieved in small amounts of code were a great start DHH : Pick a real project and program in anger .
That ’s how I ’d recommend learning any language including Rails and Ruby .
: Pick a real project and program in anger .
That ’s how I ’d recommend learning any language including Rails and Ruby .
Anthony Green : Accept that there ’s a Rails Way and you need to learn it .
What helped me most ?
- the community .
: Accept that there ’s a Rails Way and you need to learn it .
What helped me most ?
- the community .
Kent Fenwick : Learn by doing a REAL project .
Pick something you want to build and slowly chip away at it .
: Learn by doing a REAL project .
Pick something you want to build and slowly chip away at it .
Trevor Turk : learn by reading and writing code … meaning you should try to build something you want instead of dumbly following tutorials …
: learn by reading and writing code … meaning you should try to build something you want instead of dumbly following tutorials …
Ryan Bates :
Rails is made up of many technologies ( HTML , CSS , Ruby , OOP , SQL , etc. ) .
If you ’re struggling with Rails , focus on weakest part .
: Rails is made up of many technologies ( HTML , CSS , Ruby , OOP , SQL , etc. ) .
If you ’re struggling with Rails , focus on weakest part .
Geoffrey Grosenbach :
And there are many examples throughout that will help a new developer get a feel for the philosophy of Rails .
Many people have learned from the Rails from Scratch series at PeepCode
: And there are many examples throughout that will help a new developer get a feel for the philosophy of Rails .
Many people have learned from the Rails from Scratch series at PeepCode @eifon :
A good grasp of MVC is invaluable as is knowing some Ruby before you start .
: A good grasp of MVC is invaluable as is knowing some Ruby before you start .
John Yerhot : do n’t be afraid to ask questions and use support channels - irc , mail list , rails bridge , etc …
: do n’t be afraid to ask questions and use support channels - irc , mail list , rails bridge , etc … Roy Wright : use the same version of rails as is in the book you are using .
: use the same version of rails as is in the book you are using .
@brianthecoder : read other people ’s code
: read other people ’s code Ninh Bui : I learned by having discussions with a lot of people , I can definitely recommend that
: I learned by having discussions with a lot of people , I can definitely recommend that Chris Wanstrath : Stop asking other people for advice and start coding something .
Different opinions but very interesting answers .
I tried to compile some of what I thought were great resources that helped me and / or other people I talked to .
Never heard of Rails or Ruby , what is it ?
Start by watching one of the many screencasts / presentations about Rails .
Rails and software developed using Rails are written in a programming language called Ruby .
If you are new to software developer , you can quickly learn Ruby and I would recommend a great book called Learn to program by Chris Pine .
Ruby is a very elegant and intuitive language that you will be able to pick up quickly while learning new tricks for many years .
However , do n’t expect that after installing Rails , you will have a Drupal clone in Ruby .
Rails is a web framework , in other words , a tool to help you write your own web application quickly and efficiently .
Tip :
The Ruby website has a lot of information and resource to get started .
I hacked some PHP / Perl / scripts but I do n’t know anything about MVC or Object Oriented development :
Here it really depends on how you learn things .
Are you a “ How ” or a “ Why ” person ?
A “ How ” person will learn by being shown how to do something and will then reproduce it and learn from it .
A “ Why ” person needs to understand why things are done a certain way so they can re apply their knowledge on other challenges .
The good news is that Rails uses many conventions and if you pick them up , you will quickly get things done and feel rewarded by what you have done .
That ’s great for “ How ” people , but “ Why ” people might have to be a bit more patient and start playing with the framework before that can fully understand everything .
“ How ” people should definitely watch Ryan Bates ’ excellent railscasts and read the Rails guides “ Why ” people might want to read Ruby Programming Language and The Well - Grounded Rubyist , aka Ruby for Rails 2nd edition
You should also check the Rails wiki and contribute info that might be potentially missing .
( If you have a problem that is not covered / discussed in the wiki , try to solve it and then post your solution .
If you come across the same problem at a later time , you will be able to quickly find how you solved it .
By contributing , you will also save other developers ’ time . )
Start reading Ruby / Rails related blogs , subscribe to rubyinside RSS feed and visit your local Ruby group .
Tip : Start a blog and keep track of what you learned .
That will help you and other people facing the same challenges
I started writing a Rails app but I feel limited by my knowledge of the framework and the language
That ’s a normal stage , do n’t give up !
Here are a couple of great reads : The Ruby Way and The Rails Way .
the Ruby Way should satisfy primarily the “ why ” people , while the Rails way should primarily please the “ how ” people .
I ’d recommend to read both .
Do n’t hesitate to ask questions , check google , use twitter , blog comments , mailing lists .
Try to find some local rubyists to share knowledge with .
Pick a topic you would like to know better and prepare a talk for your friends / local Ruby group or write a blog post about it .
One thing for sure , do n’t be ashamed or discouraged .
Persevere , it ’s worth it ( or get out , relax for a while , and then come back and give it another go ) .
A good way to improve your Ruby / Rails skills is to look at other people ’s code .
Check GitHub and see how people have solved the same problems you are facing .
You can also attend a Ruby / Rails training , a lot of companies offer classes around the world .
RailsBridge is trying to reach out to people aspiring to become better developer , check their site .
Tip : I often use apiDock when I ’m looking for documentation on a method / class .
I wrote a Rails app , I adopted and understood the Rails conventions and I feel comfortable writing new apps .
Congratulations , you should be proud of what you have accomplished !
But do n’t stop learning !
Did you write tests for your application ?
Do your tests really test your application , or are they just there to make you feel better ( i.e : change your code , are your tests still passing ?
they should n’t ) ?
Do you use plugins ?
Did you look at their code ?
Do you understand how they work ?
Could you write your own plugin ?
What about a Ruby gem ?
Also , how are your javascript skills ?
What about CSS and DBA stuff ?
focus on your weaknesses .
I would strongly suggest contributing code at this point .
Contribute a patch to one of the many GitHub projects , or even Rails , you will learn a lot !
Tip : Check out Gregg Pollack ’s Scaling Rails series
I wrote a couple of Rails app , I even wrote a plugin / gem .
That ’s great , by now you probably are very familiar with Rails and Ruby .
You might want to dive in a bit deeper .
Maybe check how to wisely use metaprogramming and / or check on how to write C/ FFI extensions .
Why not look at Ruby ’s source code to learn how things really work ?
It ’s also probably a good time for you to start learning new languages to see how other communities do things .
Look at other frameworks and try to understand how and why people chose other conventions / ways .
Play with Python , Java , Scala , Clojure , Objective -C , Ocaml , Scheme or whatever language sounds interesting to you .
You do n’t have to master other languages , but you should try to understand the reasoning behind each approach and understand the pros /cons .
It will honestly help your Ruby skills and broaden your horizons .
Tip : Prepare a couple of talks and send proposals to various conferences .
( Do n’t limit yourself to Ruby conferences )
I know Ruby and Rails like nobody else , I could even quote Rails and MRI ’s source code by heart .
( just ask a LOC )
Then I hope you are helping with the Ruby 1.9 efforts , contributing code to other implementations ( IronRuby , JRuby , MacRuby , Rubinius ) and helping with Rails 3 :)
If you are reading this post , you are probably in one of the above categories .
Pairing and tutoring are great ways to learn , it ’s all about karma .
Helping others will help you becoming a better developer .
Feel free to leave advise , links and info in the comments .
Photo by Mansikka
Tips on how to facilitate conversation around a tag
What is a #hashtag ?
A hashtag is the symbol : #. ( See the definition in Socialbrite ’s glossary . )
It is also a Twitter term that describes a keyword , prefixed by that symbol , that helps people track conversations on Twitter .
The hashtags site , a centralized directory of hashtags on Twitter , also offers a good definition :
Hashtags are a community - driven convention for adding additional context and metadata to your tweets .
They ’re like tags on Flickr , only added inline to your post .
You create a hashtag simply by prefixing a word with a hash symbol : #hashtag .
A brief history of hash tags
Chris Messina is credited with starting hashtags and has written about how to make them most useful .
According to the Twitter Fan Wiki , hashtags were popularized during the San Diego forest fires in 2007 when Nate Ritter used the hashtag “ # sandiegofire ” to identify his updates related to the disaster .
Nonprofit use # 1 : Events and conferences
Since those early days , hashtags have been used in different ways by nonprofits .
One of the most frequent applications has been to use them at events and conferences .
It ’s not uncommon to see the “ official ” hashtag included with the promotional information about the event , even events or conferences that are not technology focused .
The hashtag creates a backchannel for participants .
It also makes it easy for attendees to follow the conversation thread and participate whether they are or in the room or following from afar .
That ’s , of course , if the tag used is unique enough .
Nonprofit use # 2 : Sharing knowledge / resources as community of practice
Hashtags can create an ad hoc community of practice or a channel for people in a field to informally share resources or conversation .
Tagging communities or unbounded networks that might come to life around a tag are not new .
The nonprofit technology community has used a special tag , nptech , created by Marnie Webb in 2004 .
It still continues to be used on Twitter as well as other places .
Although this was before Twitter , the advice about what makes an effective tagging community still resonates and are applicable to effective Twitter hashtags
There are many ad hoc Twitter hashtags where nonprofits , foundations , social entrepeneurs , and others are sharing resources or having conversations .
Some occur on a regular basis .
I do n’t think there is a formal directory of nonprofit hashtags , but there are few terrific blog posts that have good lists .
For example , Socialedge compiled a list of Twitter users in the social entrepreneurship sector that included a list of hashtags .
Given that hashtags seem to appear and disappear like Cheshire cats and most seem ephemeral , a massive directory of hashtags for nonprofits is probably not very useful .
However , a list of the 10 best hashtag communities and conversations might be .
Some of the #hashtag communities are ongoing and unstructured like the #nptech tag community .
Others are more formal , structured conversations that happen weekly at a particular time .
# 4 change is a regular chat about social media change .
Another example , although not totally nonprofit focused is # blogchat , which is facilitated by @mackcollier and uses wthashtag to aggregate the conversation .
In my initial analysis of a mega list of 90 Foundations that Tweet , I did not look at hashtags .
Nathaniel Naskashima , in a comment on another post , shared some insights from his look at the hashtags used by Foundations on Twitter .
He observes that the hashtags are general , not unique .
As you can see , most of the #hashtags listed above are really way way too general to be of any use .
If for instance , you tagged a tweet about your Foundation ’s performing arts program with #arts , your tweet would be amongst tweets about all kinds of topics in the art world – even tweets about Paula Abdul leaving American Idol .
If , however , there was a standard #hashtag for philanthropy / non - profit art like # philart ( stands for philanthropy art ) or #npart ( stands for non-profit art ) , then I think we would see everyone in this industry getting a lot more out of Twitter ( e.g. engaging in conversation , finding it more useful as a social media tool ) .
I think it takes more a unique tag .
You need to publicize the tag and encourage conversation around the tag .
Also , having weekly summaries that can be shared in other mediums can make the information accessible to others who do n’t want to participate on Twitter .
For example , the #givelist tag aggregated all the suggestions from Twitter and then created this site .
This takes some facilitation .
Nonprofit Use # 3 : Advocacy channel
Hashtags can be used effectively at different rungs on the ladder of engagement .
The best example of educating and engaging is how the National Wildlife Federation is using the #nwf hashtag to engage its audience in watching wildlife .
Another example is their use in a policy debate .
EDF has put together a Twitter Guide to the Climate Bill Discussion .
The guide points out the hashtags used by people who are supporting the bill or against .
It also provides some “ tweeting ” points for advocates to use .
And , in the case of Twitter Vote Report Twitter hashtags have been used for real - time participatory democracy .
What other uses of hashtags by nonprofits are there ?
What are the lessons learned for using them effectively ?
What are your best resources about hashtags ?
This post originally appeared on Beth ’s Blog .
Beth Kanter is CEO of Zoetica , a consultancy for nonprofits .
See her profile , visit her blog , contact Beth or leave a comment .
Successfully navigating employment law disputes — whether you are an employer or an employee — requires experienced and knowledgeable legal guidance .
Miami attorney Gary Costales of the Law Offices of Gary A. Costales , P.A. , has more than two decades of experience handling employment law matters .
Gary 's career has been devoted exclusively to employment law .
He has handled hundreds of cases , at times through trial and appeal , in both state and federal courts throughout the U.S .
Board Certified By The Florida Bar
Mr. Costales is board - certified as an expert and specialist in labor and employment law by the Florida State Bar .
Fewer than 200 attorneys — that is , less than 1 percent — of the state 's lawyers hold this distinction .
Historically , I ’ve been a bit of a filesystem purist .
If somebody called something a filesystem that was n’t fully integrated into the kernel so that any application could transparently read , write and even map files within a familiar hierarchical directory / file structure , or if it did n’t support consistency at least as good as NFS ( preferably better ) I ’d be quick to correct them .
I ’d say that what they had was n’t a filesystem , with the clear implication that it was something less than a filesystem .
My views have softened a bit over the years , though , and now I see a lot more value than I used to in data stores that are n’t filesystems .
I ’ve always seen value in databases , of course , but over the last few years more and more people have been putting data into things that are neither filesystems nor databases .
In many cases , the value of these other data stores , and / or of what ’s stored in them , exceeds that of the filesystems and databases ( including the quasi- databases that I ’m sure database purists complain about the same way I have about quasi- filesystems ) .
At first I wondered why people were doing things this way .
Many of these folks were doing distributed programming .
Were they simply ignorant about distributed filesystems ?
Were they too lazy to figure out the wheel that already exists before they went and invented their own ?
Those two explanations seemed most likely for a while , but it turns out that there are better reasons as well , and it ’s those reasons I ’ll explain here .
The most prominent example of a non-filesystem non-database data store is the distributed key - value store .
Create a key ( often some sort of hash ) , and attach some arbitrary amount of data to it .
Provide the key later , and get the data back .
Examples include both Dynamo and S3 at Amazon , Project Voldemort , and many more .
For the most part , these share some characteristics :
Flat namespace , often with not - particularly - human - readable names .
No hierarchical directory / file structure .
Limited file / object metadata .
Limited operations ( compared to filesystems ) , most notably lacking rename .
Little or no support for access at the sub - object level .
Weak consistency – readers might get stale data ( or no data ) even after a “ completed ” write .
One of the most fundamental operations in any data store is turning some sort of name into an identifier or handle for a particular unique object .
In a filesystem , this means looking up the unique ID ( typically an inode number ) for each directory component of the path from the root on down .
This can be so expensive even for a local filesystem that most operating systems have a special “ name cache ” just for this purpose .
Much of the design effort for any distributed filesystem is oriented around doing the same thing efficiently across a network . . . and that ’s where rename operations have earned a position of special notoriety .
In addition to the ordering problems at the heart of the great fsync debate , renames make it possible for an already - resolved partial path – which might be the top of an entire large directory subtree – to disappear suddenly .
Even more fun can be had when parts of the old path are repopulated with new directories / files , so that two nodes trying to resolve the same path might get different answers depending on their prior name - cache state .
Basically rename ( and rewriting of symbolic links ) requires that name caches be kept consistent .
In a distributed system , that can involve quite a bit of complexity and performance cost .
Consistency problems can be solved , of course .
There ’s additional complexity involved , and some performance cost , but I ’ve long held that those could be kept to a minimum and that the benefits are worth it .
The thing that really changed my mind about this was an observation in the Dynamo paper : strong consistency reduces availability .
I ’ve always thought of data availability in terms of data not being lost or stranded on the other side of a failed network connection .
The Dynamo insight is that many applications have to do a lot of work within a small acceptable - response - time window , and to make sure that they fit into that window they have to impose deadlines on all sub-operations including data access .
If consistency issues make data unavailable within that deadline then they ’ve made it unavailable period , with practically the same effect as if the data were unavailable in any other sense .
As someone who has done hard - realtime work I have trouble applying the term “ realtime ” to a web app that ’s responding to a user , but by most definitions they would qualify .
In such an environment , which has become extremely common , foregoing ( some ) consistency to ensure that data are available – meaning available within a given time – makes perfect sense .
This same consistency / availability tradeoff is the reason that these kinds of key - value stores usually eschew not only consistency within a file / object , but the whole structure of hierarchical names , renames , etc .
They do n’t need the naming flexibility .
They do need lookups to be consistently fast , which means easily distributing keys among many nodes and not having to worry about them moving around .
As the Dynamo paper also explains , many applications are happy with only primary - key access , and they do n’t really need the primary key to be anything human - readable because it ’s already stored in a database .
If anybody wants more complex naming , they can implement it readily enough on top of the raw key - value functionality .
If they do n’t , they can get the primary key for something from their database query result and use it directly to get their data without any further name lookups .
The conclusion I draw from this exploration is that filesystems are overkill for many people .
They provide functionality those people do n’t need , and in return exact a cost those people are unwilling to pay , so alternatives have been developed .
I think it ’s time for more people to realize that there are no longer only two ways to store and access your data .
Key - value stores are n’t just something layered on top of filesystems or databases .
They – even more than object storage or content - addressable storage – represent a primary data - access paradigm in their own right .
The designers of this bar have certainly been very creative in a strange way .
Just thinking about having lunch or just a cup of coffee at this place makes you restless and weird , almost as if you were hypnotized .
Though the bar has an unusual and psychedelic look it still has a unique touch about it , and you will definitely have a whole new experience visiting it .
Budget , Taxes , Economic Policy See also : President Trump | Coronavirus NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist Poll . July 15 - 17 , 2019 .
N=1,346 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you think a wealth tax -- that is , a higher tax rate on income above one million dollars -- is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
A good
idea A bad
idea Unsure % % % 7/15-17/19 62 34 4 Quinnipiac University Poll . April 26 - 29 , 2019 .
N=1,044 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you support or oppose an annual wealth tax which would tax individuals 2 % on any wealth over 50 million dollars ? "
Support Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 4/26-29/19 60 34 6 " Do you support or oppose raising the tax rate to 70 % on an individual 's income that is over 10 million dollars ? "
Support Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 4/26-29/19 36 59 5 Gallup Poll . April 1 - 9 , 2019 .
N=1,012 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " Do you consider the amount of federal income tax you have to pay as too high , about right , or too low ? "
Too high About right Too low Unsure % % % % 4/1-9/19 45 48 4 4 4/2-11/18 45 48 3 3 4/5-9/17 51 42 4 4 4/6-10/16 57 37 3 3 4/9-12/15 51 42 3 4 4/3-6/14 52 42 3 3 4/4-7/13 50 45 2 3 4/9-12/12 46 47 3 4 4/7-11/11 50 43 4 3 4/8-11/10 48 45 3 4 4/6-9/09 46 48 3 2 4/6-9/08 52 42 2 4 4/2-5/07 53 41 2 3 4/10-13/06 48 44 2 5 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 51 44 2 3 4/0 4 50 43 3 4 4/0 3 50 46 2 2 1 /0 3 47 50 1 2 4/01 65 31 1 3 4/00 63 33 1 3 9/99 68 28 1 3 7/99 60 37 * 3 4/99 65 29 2 4 1998 66 31 1 2 1997 58 38 1 3 1996 64 33 1 2 1994 56 42 - 2 1993 55 41 2 2 1992 56 39 2 3 1991 55 37 2 6 1990 63 31 2 4 1985 63 32 1 4 1973 65 28 1 6 1969 69 25 - 6 1967 58 38 1 3 1966 52 39 0 8 1964 56 35 1 9 1963 52 38 1 8 1962 48 45 0 7 1961 46 45 1 8 1959 51 40 2 7 1957 61 31 - 8 1956 55 35 1 9 " Do you regard the income tax which you will have to pay this year as fair ? "
Yes No Unsure % % % 4/1-9/19 57 39 3 4/2-11/18 61 36 3 4/5-9/17 61 35 4 4/6-10/16 50 47 3 4/9-12/15 56 40 4 4/3-6/14 54 41 5 4/4-7/13 55 42 3 4/9-12/12 59 37 5 4/7-11/11 57 40 3 4/8-11/10 59 36 5 4/6-9/09 61 35 4 4/6-9/08 60 35 5 4/2-5/07 60 37 3 4/10-13/06 60 34 5 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 61 34 5 4/5-8/04 62 33 5 4/7-9/03 64 33 3 4/5-7/02 58 37 5 4/6-8/01 51 46 3 4/6-7/99 45 49 6 3/24-26/97 51 43 6 11/15-20/46 60 34 6 " As I read off some different groups , please tell me if you think they are paying their fair share in federal taxes , paying too much , or paying too little .
How about [ see below ] ? "
Fair share
Too much Too little Unsure % % % % " Lower - income people " 4/1-9/19 33 48 17 2 4/2-11/18 32 49 16 2 4/5-9/17 35 48 14 3 4/6-10/16 31 46 20 3 4/9-12/15 30 45 21 4 4/3-6/14 33 41 23 3 4/4-7/13 37 40 19 4 4/9-12/12 33 40 24 3 4/7-11/11 37 40 21 2 4/8-11/10 35 39 22 4 4/6-9/09 41 39 16 4 4/6-9/08 32 51 13 4 4/2-5/07 34 45 17 4 4/10-13/06 36 46 12 6 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 36 51 10 3 4/5-8/04 35 49 12 4 4/03 36 49 12 3 4/99 34 51 11 4 4/96 40 48 9 3 4/ 94 43 42 12 3 3 / 93 37 51 9 3 3 / 92 32 57 8 3 " Middle - income people " 4/1-9/19 48 43 7 2 4/2-11/18 51 42 6 1 4/5-9/17 40 51 6 2 4/6-10/16 39 53 6 2 4/9-12/15 44 46 6 3 4/3-6/14 42 49 7 2 4/4-7/13 53 42 3 2 4/9-12/12 56 36 6 2 4/7-11/11 50 44 5 1 4/8-11/10 49 43 6 2 4/6-9/09 50 43 5 2 4/6-9/08 50 43 4 3 4/2-5/07 44 47 7 2 4/10-13/06 50 43 5 3 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 52 41 4 3 4/5-8/04 47 46 4 3 4/03 51 40 7 2 4/99 35 59 4 2 4/96 34 58 5 3 4/ 94 39 57 3 1 3 / 93 39 54 5 2 3 / 92 36 57 5 2 " Upper- income people " 4/1-9/19 27 9 62 2 4/2-11/18 26 10 62 2 4/5-9/17 24 10 63 3 4/6-10/16 21 15 61 3 4/9-12/15 25 11 62 3 4/3-6/14 24 13 61 2 4/4-7/13 26 11 61 2 4/9-12/12 25 10 62 3 4/7-11/11 25 13 59 2 4/8-11/10 26 15 55 4 4/6-9/09 23 13 60 3 4/6-9/08 24 9 63 4 4/2-5/07 21 9 66 4 4/10-13/06 21 8 67 4 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 22 7 68 3 4/5-8/04 24 9 63 4 4/03 24 10 63 3 4/99 19 10 66 5 4/96 19 9 68 4 4/ 94 20 10 68 2 3 / 93 16 5 77 2 3 / 92 16 4 77 3 " Corporations "
4/1-9/19 23 6 69 2 4/2-11/18 24 7 66 3 4/5-9/17 19 9 67 4 4/6-10/16 16 12 67 5 4/9-12/15 16 9 69 6 4/3-6/14 20 8 66 5 4/4-7/13 21 8 66 5 4/9-12/12 21 11 64 4 4/7-11/11 20 9 67 4 4/8-11/10 22 9 62 7 4/6-9/09 18 8 67 6 4/6-9/08 15 6 73 6 4/2-5/07 19 5 71 5 4/10-13/06 18 5 70 7 4 / 4-7/ 0 5 21 4 69 6 4/5-8/04 19 5 69 7 " Do you approve or disapprove of the tax bill passed by Congress and signed into law by the president in December 2017 ? "
2018 : " Do you approve or disapprove of the tax bill passed by Congress and signed into law by the president last December ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
4/1-9/19 40 49 11 9/24-30/18 39 46 15 4/2-11/18 39 52 8 2/26 - 3/4/18 39 48 13
" Have the new tax laws caused your federal income taxes to go up , go down , stay the same , or are you unsure ? "
Go up Go down Stay
the same Unsure No
answer % % % % % 4/1-9/19 21 14 21 43 2 4/2-11/18 9 18 17 55 1 Pew Research Center . March 20 - 25 , 2019 .
N=1,503 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Thinking about the tax system , how fair do you think our present federal tax system is ?
Overall would you say that our tax system is very fair , moderately fair , not too fair , or not fair at all ? "
Very
fair Moderately
fair Not too
fair Not fair
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
3/20-25/19 5 41 30 23 2 " Please tell me how much , if at all , each of the following bothers you about the federal tax system .
First , [ see below ] .
Does this bother you a lot , some , not too much , or not at all ? ... How about [ see below ] ? "
A lot Some Not too
much Not
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
" The amount you pay in taxes " 3/20-25/19 27 29 24 17 2 " The complexity of the tax system " 3/20-25/19 39 34 15 10 2 " The feeling that some wealthy people do n't pay their fair share "
3/20-25/19 60 20 10 9 1 " The feeling that some poor people do n't pay their fair share "
3/20-25/19 16 24 19 39 2 " The feeling that some corporations do n't pay their fair share " 3/20-25/19 62 20 9 8 2 " Do you approve or disapprove of the tax law passed by Donald Trump and Congress in 2017 ? "
2018 : " Do you approve or disapprove of the tax law passed by Donald Trump and Congress last month ? " Approve Disapprove Unsure /
Refused % % % 3/20-25/19 36 49 15 1/10-15/18 37 46 17
" How well do you feel you understand how the tax law has affected you and your family : very well , somewhat well , not too well , or not at all well ? "
Very
well Somewhat
well Not too
well Not at all
well Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
3/20-25/19 26 37 20 13 5 1/10-15/18 30 35 18 13 4 CNBC All - America Economic Survey conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . March 18 - 21 , 2019 .
N=801 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . RV = registered voters " As you may know , a federal tax cut went into effect at the beginning of 2018 .
Please tell me how much you think these tax cuts have benefited each of the following : a lot , a fair amount , just some , or not at all .
... "
2018 : " As you may know , a federal tax cut went into effect at the beginning of this year . ... "
A lot A fair
amount Just
some Not
at all Unsure % % % % % " Large corporations "
3/18-21/19 48 18 11 7 16 10/4-7/18 RV
54 17 11 4 14 " The wealthy " 3/18-21/19 47 17 13 8 15 10/4-7/18 RV
52 15 14 6 13 " Small businesses " 3/18-21/19 13 19 29 19 20 10/4-7/18 RV
15 21 29 19 16 " Average taxpayers "
3/18-21/19 10 18 33 29 10 10/4-7/18 RV
11 20 33 24 12 " You personally " 3/18-21/19 7 14 22 49 8 10/4-7/18 RV
8 15 26 42 9 Kaiser Family Foundation .
March 13 - 18 , 2019 .
N=1,211 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " When you think about all of the taxes you pay to the federal government , do you feel that you pay much more than you should , somewhat more than you should , about the right amount , or less than you should ? "
Much
more Somewhat
more About
right Less Unsure /
Refused % % % % % 3/13-18/19 26 22 46 2 3 " How fair do you think our present federal tax system is ?
Overall would you say that our tax system is very fair , moderately fair , not too fair , or not fair at all ? "
Very
fair Moderately
fair Not too
fair Not fair
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
3/13-18/19 6 40 28 23 2 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Jan. 30 - Feb. 2 , 2019 .
N=1,011 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.8 .
" As you may have heard , the legislation which ended the recent government shutdown keeps the government funded through February 15th .
The President and Congress need to reach agreement on funding before then in order to prevent another shutdown .
How likely do you think it is that the President and congressional leaders will be able to reach an agreement to fund the government by February 15th ?
Would you say an agreement is very likely , somewhat likely , not too likely , or not at all likely ? "
Very
likely Somewhat
likely
Not too
likely
Not at all
likely Unsure /
Refused % % % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 7 27 35 28 2 " Donald Trump has said he will only accept an agreement to fund the government which includes funding for a wall along the border with Mexico .
If no such agreement is reached , would you support or oppose another partial government shutdown ? "
Support Oppose Unsure % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 39 57 4 " Regardless of how current budget negotiations turn out , do you think Congress should or should not pass legislation which prevents ANY future government shutdowns ? "
Should Should not Unsure % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 53 40 7 " Do you favor or oppose the tax reforms signed into law in 2017 , which reduced tax rates for some individuals and businesses , changed the rules around deductions , and eliminated the individual mandate required by the Affordable Care Act ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 48 40 12 " Overall , do you think the tax reforms signed into law in 2017 will do more to benefit the middle class or do more to benefit the wealthy ? "
Middle
class Wealthy Both
equally
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 33 53 5 8 " Would you favor or oppose raising the personal income tax rate for those with very high incomes , so that income of ten million dollars or more would be taxed at a rate of 70 % ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 41 52 6 " Would you favor or oppose a new tax on wealth in addition to income tax , which would only apply to those whose net worth is fifty million dollars or more ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure % % % 1/30 - 2/2/19 54 39 7 Quinnipiac University Poll. Jan. 25 - 28 , 2019 .
N=1,004 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.7 .
" In general , do you think it is appropriate for government shutdowns to be used as leverage in policy disagreements , or do you think it is inappropriate ? "
Appropriate Inappropriate Unsure /
No answer % % % 1/25-28/19 16 79 5 Gallup Poll. Jan. 21 -27 , 2019 .
N=1,022 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " As you may know , the Democrats in Congress and President Trump have not reached an agreement on the federal budget .
As a result , the federal government has shut down all non-essential services .
Do you personally view this shutdown as a crisis , as a major problem , as a minor problem or as not a problem at all ? "
Crisis Major
problem Minor
problem Not a
problem % % % %
1/21-27/19 41 36 17 6 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll. Jan. 21 - 24 , 2019 .
N=1,001 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Have you personally been inconvenienced by the partial shutdown of the federal government , or not ? "
Have
been
Have not
been % % 1/21-24/19 22 78
1/8-11/19 18 82 NBC
News / Wall Street Journal Poll conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . Jan. 20 - 23 , 2019 .
N=900 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.3 .
" Have you or anyone in your family been affected by the partial federal government shutdown , in terms of employment , services , or benefits ? "
Yes No Unsure % % % 1/20-23/19 28 71 1 CBS
News Poll . Jan. 18 - 21 , 2019 .
N=1,102 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " As you may know , there is a debate in Washington over a border wall that has resulted in a partial shutdown of the federal government .
Do you think the issue of a border wall is worth the federal government shutdown , or not ? "
Worth
shutdown
Not worth
shutdown Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 28 71 1 Republicans 56 43 1 Democrats 7 92 1 Independents 27 71 2 " Do you think having the federal government partially shut down is causing serious problems for the country , causing some problems but they are n't serious , or is the shutdown not causing any problems for the country ? "
Causing
serious
problems Causing
problems but
they are n't
serious
Not causing
problems % % % ALL 60 34 5 Republicans 31 59 9 Democrats 84 15 1 Independents 59 34 6 " Have you been personally affected by the cutback in government services or programs caused by the shutdown , or not ? "
Have
been
Have not
been % % ALL 21 78 Republicans 14 85 Democrats 24 76 Independents 23 76 Pew Research Center . Jan. 9 - 14 , 2019 .
N=1,505 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Thinking about the government shutdown that started on December 22nd , how serious a problem , if at all , do you think the government shutdown is for the country : very serious , somewhat serious , not too serious , or not at all serious ? "
Very
serious Somewhat
serious
Not too
serious
Not at all
serious Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/9-14/19 58 22 13 7 1 " Do you strongly approve , somewhat approve , somewhat disapprove , or strongly disapprove of how Donald Trump is handling negotiations over the government shutdown ? "
Strongly
approve Somewhat
approve Somewhat
disapprove Strongly
disapprove Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/9-14/19 23 14 9 53 2 " Do you strongly approve , somewhat approve , somewhat disapprove , or strongly disapprove of how Republican leaders in Congress are handling negotiations over the government shutdown ? "
Strongly
approve Somewhat
approve Somewhat
disapprove Strongly
disapprove Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/9-14/19 12 24 20 40 4
" Do you strongly approve , somewhat approve , somewhat disapprove , or strongly disapprove of how Democratic leaders in Congress are handling negotiations over the government shutdown ? "
Strongly
approve Somewhat
approve Somewhat
disapprove Strongly
disapprove Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/9-14/19 18 24 20 33 4 PBS NewsHour / Marist Poll. Jan. 10 - 13 , 2019 .
N=1,023 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.8 .
" Who do you believe is most responsible for the shutdown of the federal government : the Democrats in Congress , the Republicans in Congress , or President Trump ? "
Democrats
in Congress Republicans
in Congress President
Trump Unsure % % % %
1/10-13/19 31 5 54 10 " In order to reach an agreement on government policy , do you think shutting down the federal government is a good strategy or a bad strategy ? "
A good
strategy A bad
strategy Unsure % % %
1/10-13/19 22 70 7 Quinnipiac University Poll. Jan. 9 -13 , 2019 .
N=1,209 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.3 .
" As you may know , the government partially shut down over differences about federal government funding for a wall along the border with Mexico .
Who do you think is responsible for this shutdown : President Trump and the Republicans in Congress , or the Democrats in Congress ? "
Trump ,
Republicans Democrats Unsure /
No answer % % % 1/9-13/19 56 36 8 " As you may know , Democrats in Congress have proposed opening the parts of the government that have nothing to do with border security while continuing to negotiate funding for the wall .
President Trump has not agreed .
Do you support or oppose this proposal ? "
Support Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 1/9-13/19 63 30 7 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Jan. 10 - 11 , 2019 .
N=848 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 4.1 .
" Who do you think is more responsible for the government shutdown : Donald Trump or the Democrats in Congress ? "
Donald
Trump Democrats
in Congress Both
( vol . )
Neither
( vol . )
Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/10-11/19 55 32 9 1 3 ABC News / Washington Post Poll. Jan. 8 - 11 , 2019 .
N=788 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 4.5 .
" As you may know , the federal government has been partially shut down because Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress , and Democrats in Congress , cannot agree on laws about border security .
Who do you think is mainly responsible for this situation : Trump and Republicans in Congress , or Democrats in Congress ? "
Options rotated Trump ,
Republicans Democrats Both
equally ( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % %
1/8-11/19 53 29 13 2 4 " Have you personally been inconvenienced by the partial shutdown of the federal government , or not ? "
Have been
Have not Unsure % % % 1/8-11/19 18 82 1
" How much of a problem , if at all , would it be if the government shutdown continues for several months ?
Would this be a crisis , a serious problem but not a crisis , or would this not be a serious problem ? "
A crisis A serious
problem but
not a crisis Not a
serious
problem Not a
problem
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % %
1/8-11/19 38 41 18 1 2 Quinnipiac University Poll. Dec. 12 -17 , 2018 .
N=1,147 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.4 .
" Would you support or oppose shutting down the government over differences about federal government funding for a wall along the border with Mexico ? "
Support Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 12/12-17/18 34 62 5
" As you may know , Congress must pass a new spending bill in order to prevent a government shutdown .
If a government shutdown does occur , who would you blame more : President Trump and the Republicans in Congress , or the Democrats in Congress ? "
Trump ,
Republicans Democrats Unsure /
No answer % % % 12/12-17/18 51 37 12 Suffolk University / USA Today Poll . Dec. 11 -16 , 2018 .
N=1,000 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ±
3 . " President Trump has informed incoming Democratic Speaker - elect Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer that he is willing to shut down the federal government unless Congress addresses border security and funds a border wall .
Do you support a government shutdown , oppose it , or does it make no difference to you either way ? "
Support a
shutdown Oppose a
shutdown
It makes
no difference Unsure /
Refused % % % %
12/11-16/18 29 54 14 3 " If there is a partial government shutdown , who will you blame : President Trump and the Republicans , congressional Democrats , or both equally ? "
Trump ,
Republicans Democrats Both
equally Unsure /
Refused % % % %
12/11-16/18 43 24 30 3 NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist Poll . Nov. 28 - Dec. 4 , 2018 . N=1,075 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.7 .
" Which comes closer to your view ?
President Trump should compromise on the border wall to prevent gridlock .
President Trump should not compromise on the border wall even if it means a government shutdown . "
Should
compromise Should not
compromise Unsure % % % ALL 57 36 8 Registered voters 56 37 7 Democrats 71 21 8 Republicans 29 65 6 Independents 63 31 6 CNBC All - America Economic Survey conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . June 16 - 19 , 2018 .
N=800 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " Are you currently employed ? " Yes No Unsure /
Refused % % % 6/16-19/18 60 38 2 3/17-20/18 60 39 1
If yes , currently employed :
" Would you say that , so far this year , you have more take - home pay due to lower federal taxes , or is this not the case ? " ___ Employed adults ___ Do
have more Do not
have more Unsure /
Refused % % % 6/16-19/18 34 49 17 3/17-20/18 32 52 16 Quinnipiac University Poll . June 14 - 17 , 2018 .
N=905 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.9 .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the 2017 tax law passed by Congress and signed by President Trump ? " Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 39 46 15 Republicans 78 9 12 Democrats 6 82 12 Independents 39 45 16 Monmouth University Poll . June 12 - 13 , 2018 .
N=806 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the tax reform plan passed by Congress in December ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
6/12-13/18 34 41 24 4/26-30/18 40 44 16 3/2-5/18 41 42 17 1/28-30/18 44 44 13 CBS
News Poll .
May 3 - 6 , 2018 .
N=974 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " From what you have heard or read , do you approve or disapprove of the tax law that was passed by Congress and signed by Donald Trump ? "
1/18 : " From what you have heard or read , do you approve or disapprove of the tax law that was passed by Congress and signed by Donald Trump in December ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % 5/3-6/18 43 46 11 3/8-11/18 Adults 38 47 15 1/13-16/18 Adults 40 48 12 " Do you think the new tax plan will help , will hurt , or will have no effect on you and your family ? "
Help Hurt Have
no effect Unsure /
No answer % % % % 5/3-6/18 29 34 28 9 Quinnipiac University Poll . March 16 - 20 , 2018 .
N=1,291 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.3 .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the Republican tax plan ? " Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % 3/16-20/18 38 47 16 Republicans 79 7 14 Democrats 6 83 12 Independents 34 47 18 3/3-5/18 36 50 14 2/2-5/18 39 47 14 1/5-9/18 32 52 16 12/6-11/17 26 55 18 11/29 - 12/4/17 29 53 18 11/7-13/17 25 52 23 CBS
News Poll .
March 8 - 11 , 2018 .
N=1,223 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " So far , under the new tax law , are you personally paying more in taxes , personally paying less in taxes , paying about the same , or is it too soon to tell ? "
Paying
more Paying
less Paying about
the same Too soon
to tell Unsure /
No answer % % % % % 3/8-11/18 8 13 16 59 4 Monmouth University Poll . March 2 - 5 , 2018 .
N=803 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Under this new tax plan , do you think the federal taxes you pay will go up , go down , or stay about the same ? "
Go up Go down Stay about
the same Unsure % % % % 3/2-5/18 37 23 31 9 1/28-30/18 36 24 32 7 Quinnipiac University Poll. Feb. 2 - 5 , 2018 .
N=1,333 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.3 .
" As you may know , Congress must pass a new spending bill in order to prevent a government shutdown , which then must be signed by President Trump .
If a government shutdown does occur , who would you blame more : Republicans in Congress , Democrats in Congress , or President Trump ? "
Republicans
in Congress Democrats
in Congress President
Trump Unsure /
No answer % % % % 2/2-5/18 27 35 22 16 Republicans 6 73 7 14 Democrats 47 6 37 10 Independents 27 33 23 17 1/12-16/18 32 34 21 13 12/13-18/17 41 31 16 11
" Do you think the Republican tax plan will increase your taxes , reduce your taxes , or will it not have much impact either way ? "
Increase Reduce Not much
impact Unsure /
No answer % % % % 2/2-5/18 28 27 38 8 1/5-9/18 33 24 37 6 12/6-11/17 44 16 30 10 11/29 - 12/4/17 41 20 32 8 11/7-13/17 35 16 36 12
" Who do you think will benefit the most from this plan : low - income Americans , middle class Americans , or wealthy Americans ? "
Low - income Middle class Wealthy Unsure /
No answer % % % % 2/2-5/18 5 26 62 7 1/5-9/18 4 22 66 8 12/6-11/17 4 21 65 9 11/29 - 12/4/17 5 24 64 8 11/7-13/17 6 24 61 9 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll. Jan. 15 - 18 , 2018 .
N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you think each of the following is a good thing for the country or a bad thing for the country ?
...
The new federal tax law enacted by Congress and the Trump administration . "
A good
thing A bad
thing Mixed
( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % %
1/15-18/18 34 46 2 1 17 " Do you think the new federal tax law favors the rich , favors the middle class , favors the poor , or treats all people equally ? "
Options rotated Favors the
rich Favors the
middle class Favors the
poor Treats all
equally Unsure % % % % %
1/15-18/18 60 11 2 18 8 " As you may know , the federal government might have to partially shut down later this week if Trump and Republicans in Congress , and Democrats in Congress cannot agree on laws about immigration and border security .
Who do you think is mainly responsible for this situation : Trump and Republicans in Congress , or the Democrats in Congress ? "
Options rotated Trump and
Republicans
in Congress Democrats
in Congress Both
( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % %
1/15-18/18 48 28 18 1 5 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Jan. 14-15 & 17-18 , 2018 .
N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.7 .
" As you may know , on a regular basis , Congress must pass bills that authorize the federal government to spend money for a certain amount of time .
When that time expires , the government must shut down until Congress passes a new spending bill .
If the federal government shuts down , do you think that Donald Trump , the Republicans in Congress , or the Democrats in Congress would be most responsible for that ? "
Donald
Trump Republicans
in Congress Democrats
in Congress All of
them ( vol . ) None / Other
( vol . ) / Unsure % % % % % 1/14-15 & 17-18/18 21 26 31 10 12 CBS
News Poll . Jan. 13 -16 , 2018 .
N=1,225 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " From what you have heard or read , do you approve or disapprove of the tax law that was passed by Congress and signed by Donald Trump in December ? "
If approve : " Do you strongly approve or somewhat approve ? "
If disapprove : " Do you somewhat disapprove or strongly disapprove ? "
Strongly
approve Somewhat
approve Somewhat
disapprove Strongly
disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % % % 1/13-16/18 23 17 14 34 12 " From what you have heard or read , overall , does the tax law seem fair to people like you , or seem unfair to people like you ? "
Fair Unfair Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 42 50 8 Republicans 80 14 7 Democrats 13 79 7 Independents 41 50 9 " Do you think the tax law will make the economy better , make the economy worse , or not affect the economy ? "
Better Worse Will not
affect Unsure /
No answer % % % % 1/13-16/18 37 36 19 8 Gallup Poll. Jan. 2 - 7 , 2018 .
N=1,024 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " How closely have you been following the news about the tax bill recently passed by Congress and signed into law by the president : very closely , somewhat closely , not too closely , or not at all ? "
Very
closely Somewhat
closely
Not too
closely Not
at all % % % % 1/2-7/18 30 36 18 15 " From what you 've heard or read about them , would you say you approve or disapprove of this new tax law ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
1/2-7/18 33 55 12 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Dec. 14 -17 , 2017 .
N=1,001 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.6 .
" Overall , do you favor or oppose the tax reform proposals made by the Republicans in Congress ? " Favor Oppose Unsure /
Refused % % %
12/14-17/17 33 55 11 11/2-5/17 31 45 24
" From what you know of those proposals , do you think you and your family will be better off , worse off , or about the same if they are passed and signed into law ? "
Better off Worse off About
the same Unsure /
Refused % % % %
12/14-17/17 21 37 36 5 11/2-5/17 21 32 36 12 10/12-15/17 24 31 37 8 " And again , from what you know of those proposals , do you think Donald Trump and his family will be better off , worse off , or about the same if they are passed and signed into law ? "
Better off Worse off About
the same Unsure /
Refused % % % %
12/14-17/17 63 5 25 7 " As lawmakers work out the differences between the tax bill passed by the House and the tax bill passed by the Senate , should it be a higher priority for them to maintain the tax cuts as proposed or to minimize the impact on the federal budget deficit ? "
Maintain
tax cuts Minimize
impact on
deficit Should n't
pass any tax
bill ( vol . )
Equally
important
( vol . )
Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
12/14-17/17 34 53 1 1 11 " Overall , do you think the tax reform proposals made by the Republicans in Congress will do more to benefit the middle class or do more to benefit the wealthy ? "
Do more
to benefit
middle class
Do more
to benefit
wealthy Benefit both
equally ( vol . )
Does not
benefit
either ( vol . )
Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
12/14-17/17 27 66 2 1 4 NBC News / Wall Street Journal Poll conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . Dec. 13-15 , 2017 .
N=900 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.3 .
" Do you think that President Trump 's tax plan is a good idea or bad idea ?
If you do not have an opinion either way , please just say so . "
Good idea Bad idea No opinion Unsure % % % %
12/13-15/17 24 41 34 1 10/23-26/17 25 35 39 1 " Which comes closer to your feelings about President Trump 's tax plan ?
It is designed mostly to help middle class Americans .
It is designed mostly to help corporations and wealthy Americans .
It is designed to help all Americans equally . "
Half sample A To help
middle class
To help
corporations ,
wealthy
To help
Americans
equally Unsure % % % %
12/13-15/17 7 63 22 8 CNBC
All - America Economic Survey conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . Dec. 10 - 13 , 2017 .
N=800 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " From what you have heard , do you favor or oppose the approach that President Trump and the Republicans in Congress are taking to change and reform the tax system ?
If you do not know enough to say , please just say so . "
Favor Oppose
Do not know
enough /
Unsure % % %
12/10-13/17 26 38 36
" Over the next couple of years , do you expect that your federal income taxes will increase or decrease as a result of Congress making changes to the tax system , or do you think your federal income taxes will stay about the same ? "
Increase Decrease Stay about
the same Unsure % % % %
12/10-13/17 35 20 35 10 9/24-27/17 27 16 45 12 Monmouth University Poll. Dec. 10 - 12 , 2017 .
N=806 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Have you heard that the Senate and the House have passed tax reform bills and are now working on a final version , or have n't you heard about this ? "
Have
heard Haven't
heard % %
12/10-12/17 75 25
" Do you approve or disapprove of this tax reform plan ? " Approve Disapprove Depends on final version
( vol . ) Unsure % % % %
12/10-12/17 26 47 8 19 " Which of the following statements describes this plan more : it is a genuine attempt to reform the tax system , or Republicans want to pass this mainly so they can claim a political victory , or both reasons equally ? "
Genuine
attempt
at reform Want a
political
victory Both
reasons
equally Unsure % % % %
12/10-12/17 17 35 35 13
" If this new plan becomes law , do you think the federal taxes you pay will go up , go down , or stay about the same ? "
Go up Go down Stay about
the same Unsure % % % % 12/10-12/17 50 14 25 12
" Which of the following would you rather see Congress do : work out a deal to pass this proposed tax plan , scrap this plan and start work on a new plan next year , or just leave the tax system as it is for now ? "
Pass this
plan Work on a
new plan Leave tax
system
as it is Unsure % % % % 12/10-12/17 29 39 24 9 Quinnipiac University Poll. Dec. 6 -11 , 2017 .
N=1,211 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " If your U.S. senator or congressperson voted for the Republican tax plan , does that make you more likely to vote for their reelection , less likely to vote for their reelection , or wo n't it matter much either way ? "
More
likely Less
likely Won't
matter Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/6-11/17 18 43 35 3 " If your U.S. senator or congressperson voted against the Republican tax plan , does that make you more likely to vote for their reelection , less likely to vote for their reelection , or wo n't it matter much either way ? "
More
likely Less
likely Won't
matter Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/6-11/17 36 21 40 4 Marist Poll. Dec. 4 - 7 , 2017 .
N=1,267 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.8 .
" Do you approve or disapprove of the way Republicans in Congress are handling tax reform ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure % % %
12/4-7/17 25 63 12 11/13-15/17 31 57 12
" Do you think the recently passed tax reform bill mostly helps the wealthy , the middle class , or the poor ? "
Wealthy Middle class Poor Unsure % % % %
12/4-7/17 60 21 4 15 " From what you have seen or heard about the tax reform bill , do you think it will mostly help you and your family financially or mostly hurt you and your family financially ? "
Mostly
help Mostly
hurt No
difference
( vol . ) Unsure % % % %
12/4-7/17 30 52 8 10 CBS News Poll. Dec. 3 - 5 , 2017 .
N=1,120 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " From what you have heard or read , do you approve or disapprove of the Republican tax plan ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 35 53 12 Republicans 76 13 12 Democrats 7 84 8 Independents 33 52 15 " Do you feel you have a good understanding of what the Republican tax plan would do , or have n't you heard enough about it yet ? "
Have a good
understanding Haven't
heard enough Unsure /
No answer % % % 12/3-5/17 43 56 1 " From what you have heard or read , overall , does the Republican tax plan seem fair to people like you , or seem unfair to people like you ? "
Seems
fair Seems
unfair Unsure /
No answer % % % 12/3-5/17 38 53 9 " Overall , do you expect your own taxes to go up , go down , or stay the same under the Republican tax plan ? "
Go up Go down Stay the
same Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/3-5/17 41 22 30 7 " Do you think the Republican tax plan will make the economy better , make the economy worse , or not affect the economy ? "
Make it
better Make it
worse Have no
effect Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/3-5/17 33 43 16 8 " If taxes are reduced on large corporations do you think they will mostly use that money to hire more American workers and create jobs , or will they mostly keep that money for themselves and their shareholders ? "
Hire workers ,
create jobs
Keep the
money Unsure /
No answer % % % 12/3-5/17 28 64 7 " Do you think the effect of the Republican tax plan will increase the federal deficit over time , or decrease the federal deficit over time ? "
Increase
the deficit Decrease
the deficit No difference
( vol . )
Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/3-5/17 57 32 1 9 " In order to help pay for the Republican tax plan , do you think there will or will not be cuts in benefits for Medicare and Social Security recipients ? "
Will
be cuts Will not
be cuts Medicare cuts
only ( vol . )
Unsure /
No answer % % % % 12/3-5/17 61 29 1 10 NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist Poll . Nov. 13-15 , 2017 .
N=1,019 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.1 .
" Are you in favor of increasing the national deficit if it means you will receive a tax cut ? "
Yes No Unsure % % % 11/13-15/17 26 66 8 Quinnipiac University .
Nov. 7 - 13 , 2017 .
N=1,577 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you believe that the Republican tax plan will lead to an increase in jobs and economic growth , or not ? "
Believe
it will Do not
believe
it will Unsure /
No answer % % % 11/7-13/17 36 52 12
" Do you think the Republican tax plan favors the rich at the expense of the middle class , or not ? "
Think
it favors
the rich
Do not think
it favors
the rich Unsure /
No answer % % % 11/7-13/17 59 33 8 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Nov. 2 - 5 , 2017 .
N=1,021 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.6 .
" Overall , do you favor or oppose the tax reform proposals made by the Republicans in Congress ? " Favor Oppose Unsure /
Refused % % %
11/2-5/17 31 45 24
" From what you know of those proposals , do you think you and your family will be better off , worse off , or about the same if they are passed and signed into law ? "
Better off Worse off About
the same Unsure /
Refused % % % %
11/2-5/17 21 32 36 12 10/12-15/17 24 31 37 8 " If these tax proposals are passed and signed into law , what effect do you think they would have on the federal budget deficit ?
Would the federal budget deficit get larger , get smaller , or remain about the same ? "
Larger Smaller About
the same Unsure /
Refused % % % %
11/2-5/17 40 18 29 13 10/12-15/17 38 22 31 9 " Please tell me whether you favor or oppose each of the following proposed changes to the tax system .
Here 's the first one . . . "
Favor Oppose Unsure /
Refused % % % " Increasing the standard deduction that taxpayers can take if they do not itemize their deductions "
11/2-5/17 55 31 13
" Permanently lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 % to 20 % " 11/2-5/17 43 52 6 " Allowing the home interest deduction only on the first $ 500,000 of mortgage debt "
11/2-5/17 49 39 12
" Increasing the maximum child tax credit from $ 1,000 to $ 1,600 for children under age 17 " 11/2-5/17 79 15 6
" Repealing the estate tax , which applies only to those estates that are worth at least 5.5 million dollars "
11/2-5/17 33 56 11
" Eliminating deductions for state and local income and sales taxes "
11/2-5/17 37 52 12 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll . Oct. 29 - Nov. 1 , 2017 . N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " Given what you 've heard or read about it , do you support or oppose Trump 's tax plan ? "
Support Oppose Unsure % % % 10/29 - 11/1/17 33 50 17 9/18-21/17 28 44 28 " Do you think Trump 's proposals on cutting taxes favor the rich , favor the middle class , favor the poor , or treat all people about equally ? "
Options rotated Favor the
rich Favor the
middle class Favor the
poor Treat all
equally Unsure % % % % % 10/29 - 11/1/17 60 13 2 17 7 CBS News Poll . Oct. 27-30 , 2017 .
N=1,109 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " Do you think Donald Trump will increase taxes on people like you , decrease taxes on people like you , or will he keep taxes the same ? "
Increase Decrease Keep
the same Unsure /
No answer % % % %
10/27-30/17 42 25 27 6 " From what you 've heard so far , who do you think would benefit most from what Donald Trump wants to do on taxes : the rich , the middle class , the poor , or will all groups benefit equally ? "
Rich Middle
class Poor All
equally Unsure /
No answer % % % % %
10/27-30/17 56 13 3 24 4 " Should passing a tax cut and reform bill be the top priority for the President and Congress right now , or should other issues be addressed first ? "
Should be
top priority Other
issues first Unsure /
No answer % % % 10/27-30/17 27 70 3
" Do you feel you pay more than your fair share in federal income taxes , less than your fair share , or is the amount you pay about right ? "
More than
fair share Less than
fair share About
right Unsure /
No answer % % % %
10/27-30/17 40 4 53 4 " Do you think American corporations pay more than their fair share in federal income taxes , less than their fair share , or is the amount American corporations pay about right ? "
More than
fair share Less than
fair share About
right Unsure /
No answer % % % %
10/27-30/17 18 52 21 9 " Please tell me whether you would like to see taxes on each of the following increased , decreased , or kept the same . ... "
Increased Decreased Kept
the same Unsure /
No answer % % % % " Large corporations "
10/27-30/17 56 17 24 3 " Small businesses "
10/27-30/17 4 68 27 1 " Middle - class Americans "
10/27-30/17 3 60 36 1 " Wealthy Americans "
10/27-30/17 58 12 29 2 " Do you think cutting taxes right now will help grow the economy , or not ? "
Will
help grow Will not
help grow Unsure /
No answer % % % 10/27-30/17 54 40 6 " In general , do you think tax cuts helping large corporations would indirectly benefit you , indirectly hurt you , or wo n't it have much of an effect ? "
Indirectly
benefit Indirectly
hurt Wo n't have
much effect Unsure /
No answer % % % %
10/27-30/17 25 27 45 3
" If taxes are reduced on large corporations do you think they will use that money to create more jobs for Americans workers , or will they not use the money to do that ? "
Will use to
create jobs
Wo n't use
to do that Unsure /
No answer % % % 10/27-30/17 38 57 4 " Would you approve or disapprove of taxing more of the retirement savings Americans keep in 401 - K plans in order to help pay for a reduction in federal income taxes ? "
Approve Disapprove Unsure /
No answer % % % 10/27-30/17 13 84 3
" How concerned are you that a cut in taxes may increase the federal budget deficit : very concerned , somewhat concerned , not very concerned , or not at all concerned ? "
Very
concerned Somewhat
concerned Not very
concerned
Not at all
concerned Unsure /
No answer % % % % %
10/27-30/17 26 37 20 15 2 " From what you 've heard or read , do you think the ideas Donald Trump has on taxes will help your family 's finances , hurt your family 's finances , or wo n't it have much of an effect ? "
Help Hurt
Not much of
an effect Unsure /
No answer % % % %
10/27-30/17 26 37 33 3 Pew Research Center . Oct. 25 -30 , 2017 .
N=1,504 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.9 .
" Do you think lowering taxes for large businesses and corporations would help the economy , hurt the economy , or not make a difference ? "
Help Hurt No
difference Unsure /
Refused % % % %
10/25-30/17 36 36 25 3 " Do you think lowering taxes for large businesses and corporations would make the tax system more fair , make the tax system less fair , or not make a difference ? "
More fair Less fair No
difference Unsure /
Refused % % % %
10/25-30/17 25 44 27 4 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Oct. 12-15 , 2017 .
N=1,010 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " Overall , do you favor or oppose the tax reform proposals made by the Trump administration ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure % % %
10/12-15/17 34 52 14
" If these tax proposals are passed and signed into law , what effect do you think they would have on the national economy ?
Would the national economy get better , get worse , or remain about the same ? "
Better Worse About
the same Unsure % % % %
10/12-15/17 31 35 27 7 Quinnipiac University .
Oct. 5 - 10 , 2017 .
N=1,482 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you support or oppose reducing taxes across the board ? " Support Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 10/5-10/17 62 31 7 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll . Sept. 18 - 21 , 2017 .
N=1,002 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Do you think the current U.S. tax system favors the middle class , favors the wealthy , or treats both groups about equally ? "
Favors
middle class Favors
wealthy Treats about
equally Unsure % % % %
9/18-21/17 5 73 17 5 2/1-4/12 9 68 19 4 " How about Trump 's tax plan ?
Do you think it mainly will reduce taxes more for the middle class , mainly reduce taxes more for the wealthy , or treat both groups about equally ? "
Mainly for
middle class Mainly for
wealthy Treat about
equally Unsure % % % %
9/18-21/17 10 51 24 15 " Overall , do you think large business corporations pay their fair share in taxes , pay too little , or pay too much ? "
Their fair
share Too
little Too
much Unsure % % % %
9/18-21/17 17 65 11 7 1/12-15/15 19 65 9 7 " Do you support or oppose reducing income taxes paid by businesses ? "
Support Oppose Unsure % % %
9/18-21/17 45 48 7 1/12-15/17 48 45 7 " Do you support or oppose reducing income taxes paid by middle - and lower - income people ? "
Support Oppose Unsure % % %
9/18-21/17 78 19 3 1/12-15/17 75 22 3
" Do you support or oppose reducing income taxes paid by higher - income people ? "
Support Oppose Unsure % % %
9/18-21/17 33 62 5 1/12-15/17 36 61 3 CNN
Poll conducted by SSRS .
Sept. 17 - 20 , 2017 .
N=1,053 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.7 .
" Do you think the federal government should spend money to help the victims of the recent hurricanes , floods and wildfires throughout the country ONLY IF the same amount of money is cut from other government programs , or do you think the government should spend money to help those people EVEN IF that amount of money is not cut from other government programs ? "
2011 : CNN / ORC Poll Only if
offsetting cuts Even without
offsetting cuts Unsure /
Refused Gov't should
not spend any
money ( vol. ) % % % %
9/17-20/17 19 74 2 5 9/9-11/11 38 59 3 n/a
" Thinking about the federal income tax system , do you feel that the way the federal government taxes individuals and businesses needs a complete overhaul , major changes , minor changes , or no changes at all ? "
A complete
overhaul Major
changes Minor
changes
No changes
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
9/17-20/17 35 33 24 4 3 Quinnipiac University .
July 27 - Aug. 1 , 2017 .
N=1,125 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.4 .
" Do you believe that cutting taxes on businesses and corporations will lead to an increase in jobs and economic growth , or not ? "
Believe that
it will Do not Unsure /
No answer % % % 7/27 - 8/1/17 48 47 5 Republicans 82 13 5 Democrats 19 74 7 Independents 48 47 4 5/4-9/17 47 48 6 " Do you believe that providing tax credits to businesses and corporations to fund paid on - the - job training will lead to an increase in jobs and economic growth , or not ? "
Believe that
it will Do not Unsure /
No answer % % % 7/27 - 8/1/17 72 21 6 Bloomberg National Poll conducted by Selzer & Company .
July 8 - 12 , 2017 .
N=1,001 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.1 . " Now , a few questions about tax policy .
First , do you think cutting corporate taxes does or does not create more jobs ? "
Does
create more Does not
create more Unsure % % % 7/8-12/17 42 49 9
" Do you think it is or is not okay to increase the federal deficit in order to cut taxes ? "
Is okay Is not
okay Unsure % % % 7/8-12/17 18 70 12 Politico / Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health .
June 14 - 18 , 2017 .
N=510 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 5.3 .
" President Trump has proposed a tax plan that would lower tax rates for individuals and families , reduce the number of tax brackets , and lower rates for all businesses .
It would double the standard deduction that individuals can take without having to itemize on their tax forms .
In addition , Trump 's plan would eliminate all income tax deductions except mortgage interest and charitable contributions .
That means people could no longer deduct state and local taxes , work - related deductions for the self - employed , and tax credits for retirement accounts like 401 ( k ) s .
In addition , their employer - paid health insurance premiums would be taxed .
Do you favor or oppose this new tax proposal ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure /
Refused % % % ALL 24 62 14 Republicans 40 41 19 Democrats 9 85 6 Independents 27 60 13 " If it is enacted , do you think President Trump 's tax proposal will improve the economy and create more jobs or not ? "
Will
improve Will not
improve Unsure /
Refused % % % 6/14-18/17 34 57 9
" If it is enacted , do you think President Trump 's tax proposal will help you or hurt you , or do n't you think it will make much difference ? "
Help Hurt Not much
difference Unsure /
Refused % % % % 6/14-18/17 20 33 42 5 " Proposals to change the federal income tax system would lower the overall rate you pay in exchange for also reducing or eliminating some tax deductions and credits .
For each , please tell me if you would favor or oppose eliminating or reducing the deduction in order to lower the overall tax rate .
[ See below . ] "
Favor Oppose Unsure /
Refused % % % " The deduction for mortgage interest " 6/14-18/17 56 36 8 " The deduction for education expenses " 6/14-18/17 56 39 5 " The deduction for charitable contributions " 6/14-18/17 52 42 6
" The deduction for childcare expenses " 6/14-18/17 54 40 6
" The exclusion of employer - paid health insurance premiums from your taxable income " 6/14-18/17 43 45 12
" Tax breaks for retirement accounts like 401 ( k ) s "
6/14-18/17 53 39 8 " The federal deduction for state and local taxes Americans pay " 6/14-18/17 53 38 9 Quinnipiac University .
April 12 - 18 , 2017 .
N=1,062 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " As you may know , Congress must pass a new budget bill by April 28th in order to prevent a government shutdown , which then must be signed by President Trump .
If a government shutdown does occur , who would you blame more : Republicans in Congress , Democrats in Congress , or President Trump ? "
Republicans
in Congress Democrats
in Congress President
Trump Unsure /
No answer % % % % ALL 38 32 15 15 Republicans 13 73 3 12 Democrats 64 4 23 9 Independents 36 31 16 18 Quinnipiac University .
March 16 - 21 , 2017 .
N=1,056 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " As you may know , President Trump recently released a federal budget proposal .
Please tell me whether you think each one of the following parts of President Trump 's budget proposal is a good idea or bad idea .
[ See below . ] "
A good
idea A bad
idea Unsure /
No answer % % % " Do you think that significantly cutting funding for scientific research on the environment and climate change is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 31 67 2
" Do you think that eliminating funding for international climate change programs is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 34 63 3
" Do you think that significantly cutting federal funding for new road and transit projects is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 13 84 3
" Do you think that significantly cutting funding for medical research is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 9 87 3
" Do you think that significantly cutting funding for after school and summer school programs is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 14 83 2
" Do you think that eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 27 66 7
" Do you think that eliminating the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , which includes NPR and PBS , is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 25 70 5
" Do you think that significantly increasing funding for health services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 85 13 2
" Do you think that increasing the size of the Army , the Marine Corps , and the Navy 's fleet is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 58 39 3
" Do you think that significantly increasing funding for charter schools and private school choice programs is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 39 55 6
" Do you think that beginning to fund the wall along the border with Mexico is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 35 64 2
" Do you think that eliminating the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program , which helps low income Americans pay for their heating and power bills , is a good idea or a bad idea ? "
3/16-21/17 17 79 4 CNN / ORC Poll . Feb. 24 -27 , 2016 .
N=1,001 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you think the U.S. economic system generally favors the wealthy or is fair to most Americans ? "
Favors the
wealthy
Is fair
to most Unsure % % % ALL 71 27 2 Democrats 84 15 - Independents 74 24 2 Republicans 51 46 3 Bloomberg Politics Poll conducted by Selzer & Company .
Nov. 15 - 17 , 2015 .
N=1,002 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.1 .
" Do you think the unemployment rate is higher or lower than when President Obama took office in 2009 ? "
Higher Lower Unsure % % % ALL 34 56 10 Republicans 53 38 9 Democrats 18 76 6 CBS News / New York Times Poll . Nov. 6 - 10 , 2015 .
N=1,495 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " In general , would you favor or oppose increasing taxes on wealthy Americans and large corporations in order to help reduce income inequality in the U.S. ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 63 31 6 Republicans 38 55 7 Democrats 84 12 4 Independents 63 31 7 Quinnipiac University .
Sept. 17 -21 , 2015 .
N=1,574 registered voters nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.5 .
" Do you think the U.S. economic system generally favors the wealthy or is fair to most Americans ? "
Favors the
wealthy
Is fair
to most Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 69 26 5 Republicans 46 48 6 Democrats 87 9 4 Independents 76 19 5 CBS News Poll . July 29 - Aug. 2 , 2015 .
N=1,252 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you feel that the distribution of money and wealth in this country is fair , or do you feel that the money and wealth in this country should be more evenly distributed among more people ? "
Fair Should be
more even Unsure /
No answer % % % 7/29 - 8/2/15 30 63 7 Republicans 51 42 7 Democrats 11 87 2 Independents 29 60 10 5/28-31/15 27 66 7 2/19-23/14 31 63 5 1/17-21/14 31 62 8 7/11-16/12 32 60 8 CNBC
All - America Economic Survey conducted by Hart Research Associates ( D ) and Public Opinion Strategies ( R ) . June 19 - 22 , 2015 .
N=800 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 . " Which ONE of the following economic policies do you think is MOST important right now ?
Reducing the cost of health care .
Reducing the federal deficit .
Dealing with the minimum wage .
Dealing with taxes paid by corporations .
Dealing with government regulation of business .
Dealing with taxes paid by individuals .
Protecting America 's interests on trade issues . "
If all or more than one : " Well , if you had to choose just ONE of these , which do you think is MOST important ? " %
Cost of health care 25 The federal deficit 18 The minimum wage 15 Taxes paid by corporations 11 Regulation of business 8
Taxes paid by individuals 8 Trade issues 6
None of these / Other ( vol . ) 1 Unsure 8 CBS News / New York Times Poll .
May 28 - 31 , 2015 .
N=1,022 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Which comes closer to your view ?
In today 's economy , everyone has a fair chance to get ahead in the long run .
OR ,
In today 's economy , it 's mainly just a few people at the top who have a chance to get ahead . "
Options rotated Everyone A few
people Unsure /
No answer % % % 5/28-31/15 35 61 4 2/13-17/15 36 60 4 1/17-21/14 52 43 5
" Do you think the gap between the rich and the poor in the U.S. is getting larger , getting smaller , or has it stayed the same ? "
Getting
larger Getting
smaller Stayed
the same Unsure /
No answer % % % % 5/28-31/15 67 5 25 3 1/9-12/15 69 6 23 2 1/17-21/14 70 5 24 2 " Do you think the gap between rich and poor in this country is a problem that needs to be addressed now , a problem but one that does not need to be addressed now , or not a problem ? "
Addressed
now Not addressed
now Not a
problem Unsure /
No answer % % % % 5/28-31/15 65 16 17 3 " Should the government do more to reduce the gap between the rich and the poor in this country , or is this something the government should not be doing ? "
Should
do more Should not
be doing Unsure /
No answer % % % 5/28-31/15 57 39 4 Republicans 34 64 1 Democrats 81 15 5 Independents 54 41 5 1/9-12/15 55 39 6 1/17-21/14 49 45 6
" Do you favor or oppose raising taxes on people earning more than $ 1 million per year ? "
Favor Oppose Unsure /
No answer % % % 5/28-31/15 68 30 2 Gallup Poll . April 9 - 12 , 2015 .
N=1,015 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ±
4 . " As I read some names and groups , please tell me how much confidence you have in each to do or to recommend the right thing for the economy : a great deal , a fair amount , only a little , or almost none .
How about [ see below ] ? "
Great
deal Fair
amount Only
a little Almost
none Unsure % % % % % " President Barack Obama "
4/9-12/15 20 30 14 33 2 4/3-6/14 18 24 19 38 1 4/6-9/09 38 33 14 15 - " Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellin "
4/9-12/15 8 34 16 15 27 4/3-6/14 9 28 24 19 20 " The Democratic leaders in Congress " 4/9-12/15 10 34 23 30 4 4/3-6/14 9 26 24 37 4 4/6-9/09 10 41 20 25 3 4/6-9/08 8 41 24 23 4 " The Republican leaders in Congress " 4/9-12/15 6 32 26 32 5 4/3-6/14 5 19 33 38 4 4/6-9/09 5 33 30 28 4 4/6-9/08 6 31 24 36 4 Pew Research Center . Feb. 18 - 22 , 2015 .
N=1,504 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.9 .
" As I read you some pairs of statements please tell me whether the FIRST statement or the SECOND statement comes closer to your own views — even if neither is exactly right .
...
" Government aid to the poor does more harm than good by making people too dependent on government assistance .
Government aid to the poor does more good than harm because people can't get out of poverty until their basic needs are met . "
More harm
than good More good
than harm Neither /
Both ( vol . ) /
Unsure % % % 2/18-22/15 44 49 7 Republicans 71 24 5 Democrats 21 74 5 Independents 46 46 8 1/23 - 3/16/14 48 47 6 1/15-19/14 44 49 7 " The economic system in this country unfairly favors powerful interests .
The economic system in this country is generally fair to most Americans . "
Favors
powerful
interests Generally
fair Neither /
Both ( vol . ) /
Unsure % % % 2/18-22/15 62 33 4 1/29 - 2/9/14 62 34 4 " Most people who want to get ahead can make it if they 're willing to work hard .
Hard work and determination are no guarantee of success for most people . "
Can get ahead
if willing to
work hard Hard work ,
determination
no guarantee Neither /
Both ( vol . ) /
Unsure % % % 2/18-22/15 64 33 2 1/23 - 3/16/14 65 32 3 1/15-19/14 60 38 3 CBS News Poll . Feb. 13 -17 , 2015 .
N=1,006 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " As you may know , the Department of Homeland Security will run out of money if Congress does not pass a bill funding the department by February 27th .
Do you think any agreement to fund Homeland Security should include changes to immigration policy , or do you think any agreement to fund Homeland Security should be kept separate from immigration policy ? "
Include
changes to
immigration Keep
separate Unsure /
No answer % % % ALL 29 60 10 Republicans 30 63 7 Democrats 29 60 10 Independents 29 59 12 CNN / ORC Poll . Feb. 12-15 , 2015 .
N=1,027 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " If Congress and the President do not enact a new bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security , the agency 's funding will expire at the end of February and it may be forced to shut down .
Suppose the Department of Homeland Security had to shut down for a few days because a new spending bill has not been enacted .
Would you view a DHS shutdown that lasted a few days as a crisis , as a major problem , as a minor problem , or as not a problem at all ? "
A crisis A major
problem A minor
problem Not a
problem % % % % 2/12-15/15 15 40 27 18
" Now suppose the Department of Homeland Security had to shut down for a few weeks because a new spending bill has not been enacted .
Would you view a DHS shutdown that lasted a few weeks as a crisis , as a major problem , as a minor problem , or as not a problem at all ? "
A crisis A major
problem A minor
problem Not a
problem % % % % 2/12-15/15 31 36 20 12
" If the Department of Homeland Security shuts down because a new spending bill has not been enacted , do you think that Barack Obama or the Republicans in Congress would be more responsible for that ? "
Obama Republicans
in Congress Both
( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % % 2/12-15/15 30 53 13 2 2 ABC
News / Washington Post Poll. Jan. 12-15 , 2015 .
N=1,003 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.5 .
" Thinking about the income gap between wealthy Americans and those who are less well off -- do you think this is a major problem facing this country , a problem but not a major one , or not a problem ? "
A major
problem A problem ,
not major Not a
problem Unsure % % % %
1/12-15/15 51 32 15 1 CBS
News Poll . Jan. 9 -12 , 2015 .
N=1,001 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you feel you pay more than your fair share in federal income taxes , less than your fair share , or is the amount you pay about right ? "
More than
fair share Less than
fair share About
right Unsure /
No answer % % % % 1/9-12/15 37 2 58 3 1/17-21/14 42 3 50 5 1/20-23/12 40 2 52 6 " Do you think American corporations pay more than their fair share in federal income taxes , less than their fair share , or is the amount American corporations pay about right ? "
More than
fair share Less than
fair share About
right Unsure /
No answer % % % % 1/9-12/15 13 55 24 9 3/14 11 56 22 11 CNN /ORC Poll . Nov. 21-23 , 2014 .
N=1,045 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " As you may know , on a regular basis , Congress must pass bills that authorize the federal government to spend money .
When that legislation expires , the government must shut down until Congress passes a new spending bill .
" Suppose the federal government had to shut down for a few days because Congress did not pass a new spending bill .
Would you view a government shutdown that lasted a few days as a crisis , as a major problem , as a minor problem , or as not a problem at all ? "
Crisis Major
problem Minor
problem Not a
problem % % % %
11/21-23/14 20 39 24 17
" Now suppose the federal government had to shut down for a few weeks because Congress did not pass a new spending bill .
Would you view a government shutdown that lasted a few weeks as a crisis , as a major problem , as a minor problem , or as not a problem at all ? "
Crisis Major
problem Minor
problem Not a
problem % % % %
11/21-23/14 39 38 14 9 " If the federal government shuts down , do you think that Barack Obama or the Republicans in Congress would be more responsible for that ? "
Barack
Obama Republicans
in Congress Both
( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % %
11/21-23/14 33 50 13 2 2 USA Today Poll conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International .
Nov. 13 -16 , 2014 .
N=1,000 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.6 .
" As you may know , starting in January Republicans will gain full control of both houses of Congress .
Should Republicans in the current Congress support a spending bill that runs through September 2015 , or should they support a SHORT - TERM bill so they can use spending as a negotiating tool when the new Republican Congress begins next year ? "
Support a
bill through
Sept. 2015 Support a
short - term
bill Unsure Refused % % % %
11/13-16/14 30 45 21 4 Bloomberg National Poll conducted by Selzer & Company .
June 6 - 9 , 2014 .
N=1,005 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3.1 .
" Do you have a sense that the gap between the rich and everyone else is getting bigger , staying about the same , or getting smaller compared to 10 years ago ? "
Getting
bigger Staying
the same Getting
smaller Unsure % % % % 6/6-9/14 67 20 9 4
" In thinking about the gap between the rich and everyone else , do you think it would be better for the government to implement policies designed to shrink that gap , or better for the government to stand aside and let the market operate freely even if the gap gets wider ? "
Options rotated Government
implement
policies
Let market
operate
freely Unsure % % % 6/6-9/14 44 47 9 3/7-10/14 45 43 12 NBC
News / Wall Street Journal Poll conducted by the polling organizations of Peter Hart ( D ) and Bill McInturff ( R ) . April 23 - 27 , 2014 .
N=approx . 500 adults nationwide .
" When you think about the current economic conditions , do you feel that this is a situation that Barack Obama has inherited or is this a situation his policies are mostly responsible for ? "
Obama
inherited Obama
responsible Some of
both ( vol . ) Unsure % % % % 4/23-27/14 47 39 12 2 6/20-24/12 60 26 11 3 11/2-5/11 60 28 9 3 8/27-31/11 56 33 9 2 6/9-13/11 62 25 10 3 12/9-13/10 65 21 12 2 9/22-26/10 56 32 10 2 1/10-14/10 65 17 16 2 10/22-25/09 63 20 15 2 6/12-15/09 72 14 10 4 2/26 - 3/1/09 84 8 6 2 " Which of these best describes your view of the economy during Barack Obama 's presidency ?
The economy has improved , and I give Barack Obama some credit for it .
The economy has improved , but I do not give Barack Obama much credit for .
The economy has not really improved . "
Options rotated Improved :
Some credit
to Obama Improved :
Not much
credit to
Obama
Not really
improved % % % 4/23-27/14 41 17 42 CNN /ORC Poll . Jan. 31 - Feb. 2 , 2014 .
N=1,010 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " Do you think the policies of Barack Obama and the Democrats or George W. Bush and the Republicans are more responsible for the country 's current economic problems ? "
RV = registered voters Obama ,
Democrats Bush ,
Republicans Both
equally ( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % % 1/31 - 2/2/14 34 44 14 5 2 9/7-9/12 RV
35 57 6 2 1 3/24-25/12 29 56 10 3 1 9/23-25/11 32 52 13 2 2 7/18-20/11 29 57 10 3 - 4/29 - 5/1/11 30 55 10 4 - 9/1-2/10 33 53 10 3 1 " As you may know , there is a limit to the amount of money the government can owe that is sometimes called the ' debt ceiling . '
The Secretary of the Treasury says that the government will not have enough money to pay all of its debts and keep all existing government programs running unless Congress raises the debt ceiling by February .
If the debt ceiling is not raised , do you think that Barack Obama or the Republicans in Congress would be more responsible for that ? "
Obama Republicans
in Congress Both ( vol . )
Neither
( vol . ) Unsure % % % % % 1/31 - 2/2/14 29 54 12 2 3 " Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ?
The government should work to substantially reduce the income gap between the rich and the poor . "
Agree Disagree Unsure % % % 1/31 - 2/2/14 66 31 3 " Do you think the policies of the Democratic Party generally favor the rich , favor the middle class , or favor the poor ? "
Favor
the rich Favor the
middle class Favor
the poor Unsure % % % % 1/31 - 2/2/14 30 36 30 3 " Do you think the policies of the Republican Party generally favor the rich , favor the middle class , or favor the poor ? "
Favor
the rich Favor the
middle class Favor
the poor Unsure % % % % 1/31 - 2/2/14 69 23 3 4 CBS News Poll . Jan. 17-21 , 2014 .
N=1,018 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 3 . " In general , do you think the policies of the Republicans in Congress favor the rich , favor the middle class , favor the poor , or do they treat all groups equally ? "
Favor the
rich Favor the
middle class Favor the
poor Treat all
equally Unsure /
No answer % % % % % 1/17-21/14 63 9 3 20 5 9/19-23/13 65 12 2 15 6 10/19-24/11 69 9 2 15 5 " In general , do you think the policies of the Obama Administration favor the rich , favor the middle class , favor the poor , or do they treat all groups equally ? "
Favor the
rich Favor the
middle class Favor the
poor Treat all
equally Unsure /
No answer % % % % % 1/17-21/14 23 18 25 26 7 9/19-23/13 25 23 25 21 5 10/19-24/11 28 23 17 21 11 8/20-24/10 27 18 17 28 10 4/5-12/10 17 19 27 27 9 2/5-10/10 22 24 18 25 11 4/1-5/09 12 25 15 40 8 Pew Research Center / USA Today .
Jan. 15 - 19 , 2014 .
N=1,504 adults nationwide .
Margin of error ± 2.9 .
" How much , if anything , should the government do to reduce poverty : a lot , some , not much , or nothing at all ? " N=739 ( Form 2 ) , margin of error ± 4.2 .
A lot Some Not
much Nothing
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/15-19/14 53 29 8 6 4 " How much , if anything , should the government do to reduce the gap between the rich and everyone else : a lot , some , not much , or nothing at all ? " N=765 ( Form 1 ) , margin of error ± 4.1 .
A lot Some Not
much Nothing
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/15-19/14 43 26 9 17 4 " How much do you think government policies and programs can do to reduce poverty in this country : a lot , some , not much , or nothing at all ? " N=739 ( Form 2 ) , margin of error ± 4.2 .
A lot Some Not
much Nothing
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/15-19/14 40 37 14 5 4 " How much do you think government policies and programs can do to reduce the gap between the rich and everyone else in this country : a lot , some , not much , or nothing at all ? " N=765 ( Form 1 ) , margin of error ± 4.1 .
A lot Some Not
much Nothing
at all Unsure /
Refused % % % % %
1/15-19/14 38 29 18 12 3 " In your view , what would do more to reduce poverty : raising taxes on wealthy people and corporations in order to expand programs for the poor , OR , lowering taxes on wealthy people and corporations in order to encourage more investment and economic growth ? "
Options rotated Raising
taxes Lowering
taxes Unsure /
Refused % % % 1/15-19/14 54 35 11
" I 'm going to read you some pairs of statements .
As I read each pair , tell me whether the FIRST statement or the SECOND statement comes closer to your own views , even if neither is exactly right .
...
The economic system in this country unfairly favors the wealthy .
The economic system in this country is generally fair to most Americans . "
Unfairly
favors the
wealthy Generally
fair Neither
( vol . ) /
Unsure % % % 1/15-19/14 60 36 4 Budget , taxes , economic policy continued
I would consider it full with 28 .
A car in the spot leaves more walking space than the bikes do , which would make it impossibly hard to get into or load stuff into a car .
Take the last row on each side off .
There is further reason , however , that the latter alternative - a modest Conrad or Schumer type proposal which waters down / eliminates the public option - is untenable : not only the morality but the very legality of private health insurance as a concept is highly dubious .
When your life is threatened by illness or injury , your health insurance provider only stands to profit if you die due to their denial of care , and only stands to lose if your care is approved and you live .
An industry structured on this premise should by all rights be illegal , for the same reason that I cannot buy life insurance for you ; I have no insurable interest in your life , thus it would be unlawful for me to buy a life insurance policy on you , because I would stand to profit from your death even though I do n't know you , and such a circumstance only provides groundwork and incentive for criminality , death , and the common sacrifice of innocent human life for the bottom dollar .
The health insurance industry does this every day ; when a policy holder gets a life - threatening sickness or injury , private insurance companies can only profit from the denial of care which leads to the death of that person , a person in whom they have no insurable interest , and can only lose money by saving their lives .
As long as there is no real , robust public option for all Americans to turn to , this untenable situation continues , which cannot be permitted ; if Congress fails to pass such a public option , the next step would be to take this issue to the judicial branch - which could threaten the existence of all private insurance companies :
The Legal Argument - For Hardball Closed Door Negotiations Defending The Public Option
While it is indeed true that corporations previously were able to act around the concept of insurable interest due to the lack of court challenges , now that such cases have actually been brought , the US Supreme Court has been very clear that there are no corporate exceptions when it comes to the basic and necessary legal concept of insurable interest ; the IRS has recently gone after corporations in court who benefitted from life insurance policies of employees that no longer worked for them :
The controversy helped convince Walt Disney and Wal - Mart , among others , to drop the policies .
Winn - Dixie battled the IRS in court , but the supermarket chain recently lost its final round when the Supreme Court refused to review a lower court decision that backed the IRS .
So far , one company has prevailed against the IRS -- Dow Chemical , which took out the policies on more than 21,000 workers .
A U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Michigan ordered the IRS to return $ 22.2 million plus interest to the company .
The IRS has appealed the ruling .
The Supreme Court 's refusal to even consider Winn Dixie 's appeal leaves little doubt to how the Dow case will ultimately be resolved ; no US Supreme Court is going to undermine the entire concept of insurable interest with a binding legal precedent because the implications are too chaotic - big corporation or not .
If the families of Murder By Spreadsheet victims start suing the private insurance companies for profiting on the death of a customer they have no insurable interest in , presenting their case on the basis of centuries of precedent behind the legal concept of insurable interest , a Supreme Court ruling could have the result of effectively banning private health insurance altogether , under the determination that the very notion violates the principle of requiring an insurable interest in a policy where one party to the policy ends up profiting from the other party 's death .
Or - the passing of a real and robust public option will prevent such a route being taken , allowing private insurance companies to stay in business and compete with the public option , which I frankly think would be a heck of lot better for the economy .
Your choice , Senators .
The Moral Argument - For Defending The Public Option Effectively In The Public Square
Every public option supporter who debates an opponent of the public option on the air from this moment forward should , calmly but firmly , rebut their arguments with the following knock out punch :
" I want you to go ahead and say that insurance companies should have an investment in Americans dying , because that 's the system we have today which you want us to keep ; come out and say it if that 's the position you 're advocating .
I want you go ahead and say that insurance company shareholders and executives should continue to have their profits soar when a customer who has payed their premiums every month is denied life - saving medical care : over 20,000 Americans die each year who were denied the medical care they needed to live .
There 's a reason a person can't take a life insurance policy out on someone they do n't know - there 's no financial interest in their life for it to be protected by an insurance policy ; a stranger taking a life insurance policy on you , if it were legal , would only have the effect of giving them an incentive to kill you - which is why it is illegal .
Yet health insurance companies do the exact same thing ; when you have a life - threatening injury or illness , they only lose money if they provide you life - saving care , and they only make money if they find a way to deny you the care and let you die .
Now if you think that should continue , just come out and say it .
Go on .
It is the point of view you 're advocating by blocking any real reforms to the current system , so just come out and say it . "
As the opponent stutters and panics , scrambling for an appropriate talking point to rebut with and unable to find one , then launch into to the original argument presented as to why the public option IS the compromise - by that point , and after that ownage , they will probably be relieved - and so , eventually and hopefully , will be hundreds of millions of Americans who deserve affordable , reliable , and comprehensive access to health care NOW .
I recently read an interesting book by Christopher Kelly , “ The End of Empire : Attila the Hun and The Fall of Rome . ”
Our popular image of Attila is that of a barbaric pagan , but Priscus of Panium set off to meet Attila in 449 AD and , as Kelly relates , “ Attila turned out to be surprisingly civilized and a dangerously shrewd player of international politics . ”
It ’s always a good idea to review one ’s assumptions about the world in which one lives , such as the current politically correct view that Islam is “ a religion of peace ” and that the barbarity of Al Qaeda , the Taliban and other Arab groups is an anomaly , the result of their incorrect interpretation of the Koran .
Their interpretation , however , is quite accurate and the Koran is a call to arms and battle plan for the conquest of the world .
From America ’s earliest years , it has had to deal with marauding Arabs and in modern times we have put our troops in harm ’s way in the Middle East in Beirut in the 1980s and to drive Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq out of Kuwait in August 1990 .
Following 9/11 we returned in 2001 to drive Al Qaeda and the Taliban out of Afghanistan .
They took refuge in the frontier provinces of Pakistan and have since returned to the killing fields of our choosing … if killing one ’s sworn enemies can be called a choice .
On March 20 , 2003 , the Second Gulf War was launched against Iraq and we are now beginning to withdraw troops from Iraq ’s cities .
A large contingent of U.S. military will remain in Iraq .
At the same time , there has been a buildup of troops in Afghanistan .
Historically , no empire has ever successfully conquered or subdued the Afghani tribes and , in modern times , the most recent effort brought about the collapse of the Soviet Union .
It is generally agreed that the real threat to Mideast stability is Iran and that the shakiest nation in the region is Pakistan .
History teaches us that the emperors of the Roman Empire had to make choices about where they too would place their troops throughout the vast expanse under their control ; it surrounded the Mediterranean which they called Mare Nostrum , our sea .
At the end of his book , Kelly asks “ What makes great empires endure or collapse ?
How do governments defend their actions ?
What causes the breakup of a leviathan superstate ?
When is it right to go to war , or purchase peace , or pay off an enemy ?
These are issues of enduring importance . ”
When an empire gets too large for its militarily and financially resources to maintain , it becomes highly vulnerable .
An empire , too , depends on its alliances .
When they go bad , the empire — any empire — is in trouble .
The Roman Empire fell for many reasons , but chief among them was the relentless arithmetic of demography , the movement of populations of people .
The Romans regarded the Goths and Vandals as “ barbarians ” , but the Goth tribes were people who were just as challenged by the Huns as the Romans and they were on the move to find more land for their growing population .
In doing so , they crossed the Danube to trespass on Roman lands in France , in Spain , and down into Northern Africa .
By contrast , “ the Huns seemingly offered no moral or religious justification , however thin or unconvincing .
They sought neither to find a new homeland on Roman territory nor to glorify themselves as heroic freedom fighters warring down a harsh imperial regime . ”
“ The Huns appear more brutal precisely because they had no known motive for their raids beyond the acquisition of booty and captives . ”
This last observation is particularly important because the rise of Islam can be traced directly to the same purpose .
It was , however , masked by Mohammed ’s promise of paradise for anyone who fell in battle and servitude for those conquered .
Here ’s where the similarities between America and the ancient Romans get really interesting .
At the same time the nation engages Islamic terrorism , our national sovereignty — the integrity of our borders — is being challenged as not just thousands , but millions have invaded to take up residence among us .
This repeats the pattern that brought down the Roman Empire .
Having forsaken universal conscription , the U.S. depends on an all - voluntary military to project our power .
The Romans , toward the end , often allied with the Goths to fight the Huns and , on occasion , allied with the Huns as well .
With the exception of the British , Canadians and Australians , our military allies are mostly for show .
Not only is our financial stability at risk , but since the 1960s , the level of decadence in our society has risen , reflected in popular culture and media .
Our primary and secondary educational system has become an abject failure .
Recently , while in Russia , President Obama said , “ The future does not belong to those who gather armies on a field of battle or bury missiles in the ground . ”
This ignores the entire history of civilization .
It is criminally naïve .
The future , just as in the past , will belong to whoever has the greatest military with the financial power and the willingness to use it .
Ronald Reagan said , “ Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction .
We did n’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream .
It must be fought for , protected , and handed on for them to do the same , or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children ’s children what it was once like in the United States where men were free . ”
And as John Adams warned , “ Democracy never lasts long .
It soon wastes , exhausts and murders itself .
There was never a democracy that did not commit suicide . ”
One of the main challenges in industrial design is guiding people towards successful usage of your product ( be it a web page or a transport system ) .
People rely heavily on intuition , and communicating the ideal usage of your product into their subconscious is not a trivial exercise .
People have a habit of making decisions using the first gut feelings they get , rather than slowly and methodically evaluating all the information .
Gary Klein published a great book full of fantastic case studies on this subject back in 1999 .
The consequence for product design is clear ; not only do you have to make sure that the usage of your product is obvious , but that there are as few ways as possible the usage could be misinterpreted .
Misinterpretation
Misinterpreted usage is a common problem , you probably walk past examples of it every day .
For example , on my journey to work I catch the District Line from East Putney to Notting Hill , ( please say hello if you see me ) and on the way I go through Earl ’s Court .
At Earl ’s Court the eastbound line splits and heads in two directions .
Every day I see people get onto the wrong train , either jumping off when they realise or cursing when they realise the train is n’t going in their direction .
Why ?
The departure board quite clearly shows the train destinations and these people evidently know their intended routes , and there are only two eastbound platforms .
Looking at the platform ’s departure board it ’s not clear why people get it wrong every day .
Things become much clearer when you realise that this departure board is not the first source of information everyone sees when they arrive on the platform .
Close to the stairs at the Earl ’s Court Road entrance is a map showing the destinations reachable on the eastbound platforms .
See what you think ( below ) .
I can see two possible interpretations of this map .
1 ) The intended meaning ; both platforms serve eastbound trains and that the following destinations can be reached .
2 ) The alternate meaning ; the platform on the left serves the line on the left of the map , and the platform on the right serves the line on the right - hand of the map .
This is an example of failure to communicate the successful usage of the train platform to travellers .
A proportion of people are looking at the map and assuming it tells them which platform serves trains to which destinations .
They then stop looking for further information because they think they ’ve navigated successfully .
What to do about it
In the example of passengers at a train station simply watching people on the platform is enough to deduce that there ’s something wrong , and possibly what to do about it .
On the web things are n’t so simple , you can only track user behaviour at a distance through statistics .
This makes problems much harder to track down .
Probably the best solution I ’ve come across is to use a user experience lab ( e.g. Creative Good in NY ) .
These guys will simulate real world use of your product as closely as possible , and use that to uncover what ’s going wrong , or right , for you .
For those on a budget , you can get people in your target demographic delivered to your door via companies like Independent Fieldwork .
It ’s then up to you to use those victims test users to discover as much as you can .
This is n’t an easy job though , I ’d recommend getting good help if you can , and dropping as many assumptions as you can .
However you do it , communicating the usage of your product is essential .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
( CNN ) -- Danny Scott of Lutcher , Louisiana , said he 's thrilled about the new vehicle he purchased through the " cash for clunkers " program , but watch how you talk about his baby , the 1991 Ford F - 150 he had to give up .
Clunkers populate the lot outside a dealership in Countryside , Illinois , outside Chicago .
" I told them [ the salespeople ] do n't call it a clunker , " Scott said of the maroon and red truck he had for almost 20 years .
Yes , it had 422,000 miles on it , but it still ran like a champ , Scott said .
" When it was time to get it fixed , I got it fixed .
It got me from point A to point B . I changed my oil every 3,000 miles or so .
I figure it's an investment , you know ? "
But the lure of a new vehicle -- at a bargain - basement price -- was too much to resist .
" I bought a crew - cab Silverado , four - door , " Scott said , noting that he originally only wanted an extended cab .
His old gas - guzzling truck qualified for the program 's miles - per - gallon requirements , and while the Silverado does n't sip gas , it still qualified for the fuel efficiency standard .
" The truck was listed for $ 31,000 , and they had this employee pricing [ in which customers pay what dealership employees pay ] ; it came in at $ 25,000 .
He gave me $ 4,000 for my Ford .
I paid , like , $ 21,000 .
" I figured it was time to make a move . "
And what a move , for American car buyers .
There was plenty of anecdotal evidence that Americans were indeed moving their clunkers , and Autobytel , an automotive shopping and research Web site , reported last week that gas guzzlers were seeing the most " clunker evaluation activity " on its site .
Ford , Dodge , Jeep and Chevrolet trucks and sport utility vehicles accounted for the top 10 vehicles being considered for trade - ins , according to the site .
See what happens to the traded - in clunkers »
Several auto companies have reported that their fuel - efficient models were among the top sellers this month , and the White House reported Monday that cars being purchased under the program had an average fuel economy of 25.4 miles per gallon .
That 's compared with 15.8 mpg for the trade - ins .
The top five cars being purchased under the program , according to experts and the federal government ?
The Ford Focus , Toyota Corolla , Honda Civic , Toyota Prius and Toyota Camry , all of which can get about 30 mpg or more .
See the full list
The program has been so popular that the leaders of the U.S. Senate said Tuesday that they expect the chamber to approve a $ 2 billion extension of the program this week .
Despite the popular " clunker " name , the government requires vehicles to be drivable and to have been insured continuously for the past year .
So no hauling , pushing or pulling broken - down jalopies into dealer parking lots .
But what kinds of vehicles were being turned in ?
" We 're seeing Dodges , Fords , Tahoes , Suburbans , parked for ages , " said Karl Jones , finance director at Team Toyota in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
He said business was brisk as customers who came in with " big , heavy gas - guzzling road hogs " could come out with shiny new wheels for a steal of a deal .
Business at the dealership has tripled since the program started about a week ago , Jones said .
" We did 20 new cars Saturday , and we sold 15 Friday . "
On a good weekend , Jones said , they sell about 18 vehicles .
" So , it 's created a frenzy .
The market seems to be heading back to where it was . "
Still , Jones said , he knew that with the considerable paperwork dealers had to fill out to participate in the program , a boon for consumers could still turn out to be a bust for dealers .
" The money 's not real until the government starts sending these checks back , " Jones said .
" A lot of folks are coming in who would n't have been in the market , but until the program actually does what it says it 's going to do , we do n't know if it 's a disaster or not . "
Mark Near , general sales manager at Bob Smith Toyota & Scion in La Crescenta , California , said his dealership has seen sales double in a week .
" It 's phenomenal .
We did a 40 - car weekend .
Normally we do 20 , " Near said .
As for the kinds of vehicles people were bringing , Near said it ran the gamut .
" It 's a potpourri , really . "
The dealership may have benefited because of its fuel - efficient cars such as the Prius , Corolla and Scion , Near said .
" Southern California is amazing ; people have more than one car here , so it 's not down - on - their - luck people or poor people we 're seeing , " he said .
" I 'm seeing people who are taking advantage , buying a car for their son .
It goes from , ' Let me see what I can get , ' then [ when the selection thins out ] desperation mode . "
Scott of Louisiana said although government programs often come with a lot of red tape , people can get a good deal with the clunker program , if they look under the hood .
" I think it 's a real good program .
It 's not a fluke , " he said .
All About Chevrolet Silverado • Economic Issues • Hybrid Vehicles • U.S. Senate
( Updates with clashes in San Pedro Sula , Micheletti quote )
TEGUCIGALPA , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Supporters of ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya clashed with soldiers and police for a second day on Wednesday as street protests over the June 28 army coup turned rowdy .
Security forces fired tear gas to disperse a crowd of thousands of demonstrators in the capital Tegucigalpa and protesters responded by throwing stones in a scuffle near Congress .
The demonstration calmed down by the afternoon .
Zelaya 's wife attended another pro-Zelaya protest on Wednesday in the industrial city of San Pedro Sula near the country 's Caribbean coast , which was also broken up by police firing tear gas canisters .
Zelaya 's overthrow , after opponents accused him of trying to change the constitution to allow presidential re-election , has thrust Honduras into the worst political crisis Central America has seen in years .
Talks to resolve the standoff , mediated by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , have so far made little progress as a de facto government headed by former Congress head Roberto Micheletti refuses to let Zelaya return to power , despite widespread international condemnation of the coup .
Protests on Tuesday and Wednesday by pro-Zelaya activists left broken windows at shops and fast - food restaurants and sent demonstrators fleeing clouds of tear gas .
It was one of the few times the near - daily rallies have turned violent since the coup .
Micheletti , in a message broadcast on national television , claimed the clashes were being spurred by " foreign agitators " and promised to respect the rights of those detained at the protests .
" We have to stop with firmness any criminal acts to avoid property damage to small and medium - sized businesses , which is putting many Hondurans out of work , " Micheletti said .
The June 28 coup was bloodless and since then only two protesters have been killed in demonstrations .
One was shot by soldiers at the airport when Zelaya tried to return in a plane and was blocked by the army .
The other was shot in the head in a later protest .
Zelaya , an ally of socialist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , has been touring the Americas in exile as most of the world pushes for his return and supporters hold continual street rallies .
Thousands have also turned out to support Micheletti's de facto government .
President Barack Obama said this week the United States strongly condemned the coup but it was hypocritical for critics to demand a more forceful U.S. role in bringing Zelaya back .
The interim leaders have said they are ready to hold on to power until regularly scheduled elections in November , even though the head of the Organization of American States has said the regional body will not recognize the result .
( Reporting by Fabian Cambero ; Writing by Mica Rosenberg ; editing by Todd Eastham )
If you 've been charged with a drunk driving offense , it 's imperative that you seek counsel within 10 days .
Immediate action is necessary .
Call 831-655-2000 today for your FREE consultation .
Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg received three letters in support of Chris Brown before sentencing the convicted felon , according to documents obtained by RadarOnline.com .
On Tuesday , a judge sentenced the R&B singer to five years ’ probation and ordered him to do 180 days of community labor as a part of the plea deal he made in June for his February 8 assault on pop star Rihanna in Hancock Park , California .
WORLD EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS : Chris Brown Graffiti Artist – Yes ,
It ’s Against The Law !
The common theme of the letters was that Brown , while guilty of the charges levied against him , has seen the error of his ways and is ready to make things right .
Barry Weiss , CEO and chairman RCA / JIVE Label Group , said Brown has handled the transition from a “ country kid ” into an international pop superstar with maturity , and was shocked to hear about the incident .
He said he is convinced Brown has learned his lesson , and will move forward imparting that wisdom to his fan base .
Shocking Court Papers Reveal Chris Brown Past Assaults Against Rihanna
“ He is 100 % committed to taking responsibility and using his celebrity to increase awareness about all the issues he has raised , ” Weiss wrote .
Senior Pastor Samuel Harris Jr. , whose son , J. Xavier toured with Brown , told the judge “ God has personally revealed to me that [ Brown ] is chosen for a special purpose for our society and around the world . ”
Chris Brown Sentenced ; Ordered To Stay Away From Rihanna For Five Years
Harris said he feels a one - time incident should not define Brown ’s character .
Kenneth R. Meiseles , a New York attorney who represents Brown , described the Forever singer as “ the person who has donated both his time and money to help children and the young man who has never previously been in trouble with the law . ”
Meiseles wrote Brown ’s considerable contributions to charities , such as St. Jude ’s Hospital , prove his services would be much better utilized in an ambassador - type role “ used positively to help other people . ”
Chris Brown Back To Work On Video
Brown ’s next album is called Graffiti .
In an ironic twist , the singer , in his sentence for the aforementioned attack on Rihanna , is required to complete 1,400 hours of community service , where his chief tasks will be washing cars , picking up trash and removing graffiti from walls .
Livs — who , unlike any other cat I 've ever had , has been fascinated with mirrors and her own reflection
I pointed out to Iain what she was doing and said , " Our cat is doing science experiments . "
Iain replied , " She canny be that self - aware .
It 's too terrifying . "
" What ? "
The next night , she did it again .
Yesterday afternoon , when our new friend visited a third time ( and I took these pix ) , apparently Olivia was satisfied that zie was not an apparition in the glass .
She went up to hir and confidently mewed hello .
I expect a gentleman called Schrödinger to show up on the porch alongside the cat any day now , conjured merely by Olivia 's will .
Livs — who , unlike any other cat I 've ever had , has been fascinated with mirrors and her own reflection since she was a kitten — had seemingly come around to the French door to check out her reflection and examine how it looked and moved when she moved , then gone back to the front door and compare it with the image of the visiting cat she was seeing through the window .
Only when she was satisfied it was a different cat did she start communicating with it .
I pointed out to Iain what she was doing and said , " Our cat is doing science experiments .
" Iain replied , " She canny be that self - aware .
It 's too terrifying .
" The next night , she did it again .
Yesterday afternoon , when our new friend visited a third time ( and I took these pix ) , apparently Olivia was satisfied that zie was not an apparition in the glass .
She went up to hir and confidently mewedI expect a gentleman called Schrödinger to show up on the porch alongside the cat any day now , conjured merely by Olivia 's will .
The other night , Iain and I were sitting in the living room with the front door open to let in what was a very lovely cool evening breeze , through the screened - in top of the storm door .
Its bottom is just a regular window , and Olivia loves to sit on the welcome mat just inside the door looking out .
Suddenly she ran into the living room and walked over to the French door between the living room and kitchen ( right ) , where she peered into the lower window panes .
The door is almost always open , so there 's nothing on the other side of the windows besides a wall .
As I watched her , she began to move her head back and forth , then stopped , then did it again , then stopped .
And then she walked back around to the front door and started to chirp and mew .
I got up to see if I could figure out what she was up to .
On the other side of the door was a furry wee visitor .
But not just any visitor — a visitor who looks a lot like Olivia .
« previous post | next post »
From YouRememberThat.com , a 1905 postcard that may be the oldest extant LOLcat :
The source suggests :
Perhaps soon , archeologists will discover an even older LOLcat on the walls of an Egyptian tomb … perhaps a cat with the caption , " I see what you did there ! "
But it seems to me that if there are Egyptian ( or Sumerian , or Mayan , or Mycenean , or Etruscan , or … ) LOLcats , they 've probably already been dug up and are now lying on some dusty museum shelf , waiting to be revealed to the world by a scholar who reads Language Log .
[ Hat tip : Randy Alexander ]
[ Update — commenters ( below ) have informed us that this appeared last December on icanhascheezburger.com , and that this was one of a large number of similar proto -LOLcats produced by Harry Whittier Frees ( 1879 - 1953 ) , a sample of which can be found here . ]
Permalink
When it comes to universes , perhaps one is enough after all .
Many theories in physics and cosmology require the existence of alternate , or parallel , universes .
But Dr. Lee Smolin of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo , Canada , explains the flaws of theories that suggest our universe is just one of many , and which also perpetuate the notion that time does not exist .
Smolin , author of the bestselling science book ‘ The Trouble with Physics ’ and a founding member of the Perimeter Institute , explains his views in the June issue of Physics World .
Smolin explains how theories describing a myriad of possible universes , or a “ multiverse ” , with many dimensions and particles and forces have become more popular in the last few years .
However , through his work with the Brazilian philosopher Roberto Mangabeira Unger , Smolin believes that multiverse theories , which imply that time is not a fundamental concept , are “ profoundly mistaken ” .
Smolin says a timeless multiverse means our laws of physics ca n’t be determined from experiment .
And he explains the unclear connection between fundamental laws , which are unique and applicable universally , and effective laws , which hold based on what we can actually observe .
Smolin suggests new principles that rethink the notion of physical law to apply to a single universe .
These principles say there is only one universe ; that all that is real is real in a moment , as part of a succession of moments ; and that everything real in each moment is a process of change leading to future moments .
As he explains , “ If there is just one universe , there is no reason for a separation into laws and initial conditions , as we want a law to explain just one history of one universe . ”
He hopes these principles will bring a fresh adventure in science .
If we accept there is only one universe and that time is a fundamental property of nature , then this opens up the possibility that the laws of physics evolve with time .
As Smolin writes , “ The notion of transcending our time - bound experiences in order to discover truths that hold timelessly is an unrealizable fantasy .
When science succeeds , we do nothing of the sort ; what we physicists really do is discover laws that hold in the universe we experience within time .
This , I would claim , should be enough ; anything beyond that is more a religious urge for transcendence than science . ”
Source : Institute of Physics
One in three police shootings involve unarmed people A CHRONICLE SPECIAL REPORT
1 in 3 police shootings involve unarmed people
Law enforcement experts :
More officer training , use of alternate weapons would reduce numbers .
Other cities have adopted stricter standards .
This is the first of a two - part series on police shootings .
Law enforcement officers in Harris County have shot 65 unarmed people since 1999 , killing 17 .
These incidents represent more than a third of all local police shootings , but experts call them the most preventable .
After two unarmed teenagers were shot and killed in separate incidents last year , the Houston Chronicle analyzed 189 shootings by officers from 18 local law enforcement agencies in the past 5 1/2 years .
Officers ' actions were ruled justified in nearly all of the shootings examined .
A shooting can be legally acceptable if an officer believes someone 's life is in danger .
But only half of those shot by police carried a gun or a knife .
Another 7 percent held another object , such as a screwdriver , a piece of lumber or a pipe .
Nearly once a month , on average , police shot someone who had no weapon .
" I can see ( shooting ) if somebody comes at you with a knife or a gun , but ... these people are unarmed , " said Sylvia Gonzales , executive director of the local League of United Latin American Citizens chapter .
The shootings of Jose Vargas , 15 , and Eli Escobar II , 14 , by Houston police officers outraged community leaders , including those in LULAC .
And the Chronicle found scores of other shootings of the unarmed that have attracted little attention : a naked man shot by a Harris County sheriff 's deputy in the man 's own living room , two unarmed men shot by an HPD officer after they made suspicious movements during a traffic stop , shoplifters shot by off - duty officers .
Several patterns emerged among the 65 shootings of unarmed people that experts said could be addressed with updated policies , alternative weapons and training :
Moonlighting : Twelve people , including teenagers cruising a parking lot and a man pilfering shingles from a construction site , were shot by off - duty officers working security jobs for extra pay .
Some of these officers had been assigned to desk duty for years .
Buy - busts :
At least eight people were shot by narcotics officers .
Raids or other planned operations led to the wounding of three bystanders and the death of another .
Two people were shot in the back .
In some cases , citizens claimed that undercover officers did not adequately identify themselves before firing .
Mentally ill :
At least 10 mentally ill people shot were unarmed or carrying objects such as screwdrivers and pieces of wood .
In all cases , responding officers either lacked stun guns or did not try to use them .
Inside vehicles :
At least 36 were shot while in cars or trucks .
Most were shot by sheriff 's deputies , some of whom put themselves in harm 's way and then fired in self - defense .
" It 's a traumatic event to take a human life , " said Maj .
Mike Smith , who heads the Harris County Sheriff 's Department patrol bureau and responds to most shootings .
" Most of the time the officers are very shook up , and some are almost in tears .
It 's usually not that they did anything wrong .
The community has to guard against having these guys so afraid to shoot that they just do n't respond . "
Other cities , pushed by citizen protests and lawsuits , have radically reduced officer shootings by adopting stricter standards and alternative weapons .
" Before , we were shooting people ( who had ) sticks and guns and broken bottles , " said Phoenix Assistant Chief Michael McCort .
" And now , with Tasers , we are only shooting at people with guns . "
The rates of shootings by deputies in the Harris County Sheriff 's Department have remained consistently higher than other large departments in the past five years .
To tackle the problem , Harris County Sheriff Tommy Thomas recently bought Tasers and announced that deputies are banned from shooting at vehicles .
The change came after the Chronicle revealed a pattern of deputies putting themselves in harm 's way and then shooting at unarmed drivers .
Houston 's new police chief , Harold Hurtt , is charged with reducing the rate of shootings by his officers , which peaked in 2003 .
Last year , Houston had more police shootings per 1,000 officers than Chicago , New York , Philadelphia and Phoenix .
It will take more than policy changes and less - lethal weapons to bring those numbers down , said Harris County Precinct 6 Constable Victor Treviño .
Treviño bought pepper spray and new batons for all of his 180 officers , instituted new training and began a top - to - bottom policy review after a pair of questionable shootings , including those of two teenagers outside an amusement center that resulted in the expulsion of a reserve constable .
" You have to change the mind - set , " he said .
" We 're here to bring someone to justice -- not send them to the cemetery . "
Decision to fire must be made `awfully quick '
Police say the decision to fire is one they never want to have to make .
" You have to walk up and in a split - second decision affect the lives of some people or others , " said a deputy who recently shot and killed someone and spoke on the condition that he not be named .
" It 's awfully quick and it 's tough .
We 're not robots . "
Moonlighting officers can make mistakes
Confrontations between officers working off - duty security jobs and unarmed suspects turned deadly four times in 12 shootings since 1999 -- typically beginning with a property crime or traffic incident .
Off - duty officers working security shot and injured eight other people after the theft of bicycles , shoplifting or other minor incidents .
Sandy Wall , a recently retired HPD trainer and veteran SWAT officer , said a lone patrol officer would have done better to get a license plate and a suspect description and call for backup .
" People sometimes just get caught up in the situation and pumped with adrenaline and make mistakes , " he said .
Sheriff Thomas said his department will begin to require additional training for all officers working extra jobs .
Other departments around the country have limited extra employment and even barred officers from working security or working in bars , places in which they may get hurt .
Locally , only Pasadena police and Treviño , whose officers were involved in two shootings in as many years , have banned regular bar work .
Drug buy - busts provide opportunity for confusion
On the log of police shootings kept by the Harris County district attorney 's office since the 1980s , undercover narcotics officer Mark Prendergast 's name is listed six times .
His partner and two other colleagues at HPD narcotics are listed three or more times .
Many of those shootings happened during so - called " buy - busts , " when undercover officers pretend to buy or sell drugs .
If everything works right , uniformed patrol officers move in after the deal to arrest the suspects .
But narcotics officers countywide have shot unarmed , and some innocent , people .
A U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms agent shot and killed a 19 - year - old father of two accidentally during a Harris County drug task force bust on April 6 , 1999 .
Federal officials settled three lawsuits in that case but refused to disclose the amounts .
A $ 30,000 settlement is pending for the family of Lanny Blaine Robinson , whom a pair of undercover HPD officers picked up on April 19 , 2000 , after they asked him to lead them somewhere to buy drugs .
Prendergast said he shot Robinson on the way after Robinson threatened his partner , who was driving , with something shiny .
Robinson , a 49 - year - old AIDS patient , had a small knife found still sheathed in his pocket after he died .
U.S. District Judge Ewing Werlein Jr. refused to dismiss the lawsuit against the officer , finding that Prendergast 's version was supported by " scant circumstantial evidence . "
In Pasadena , police officers have been involved in two separate shootouts involving buy - busts in which three people were killed and one injured .
Two of them were unarmed .
Pasadena Assistant Chief Larry
Rahr acknowledged that some narcotics arrests could be better planned , and he said undercover officers should avoid participating in arrests .
" People get all pumped up and ... sometimes you 're dealing with different agencies with different policies on when to fire , " he said .
" It 's important to have teams who work together all the time . "
Mentally ill present police toughest choices
Some of the toughest choices arise when officers encounter the mentally ill , some of whom wield weapons and are determined to attempt " suicide by cop . "
In seven of 10 cases involving police shooting the mentally ill , officers were summoned by someone concerned about a person 's mental health or because that person was causing a disturbance .
One was killed just days after he had been picked up on a mental health warrant and released because he did not qualify for hospital admission .
Learning how to better deal with the mentally ill became a focus at HPD after the controversial 1999 shooting of Sheryl Ann Seymour , a schizophrenic who called an ambulance for help when she sensed the onset of a psychotic episode .
Officers killed the 5 - foot Seymour when she approached them with a knife .
Since then , HPD has trained a quarter of the force to join its Crisis Intervention Team -- an effort that exceeds those of other departments -- though team members are not deployed as often as needed in part because of staff constraints , according to HPD records .
Few other departments have provided training or tracked incidents involving the mentally ill .
Only two of the six Harris County constable offices -- Precincts 1 and 5 -- have sent officers to the training .
Tomball has sent only one officer .
" Training can make all the difference in these situations , " said officer Frank Webb of the Crisis Intervention Team .
" You have to teach officers who are used to being authoritative and using force that they have to look at these people differently . "
Vehicle shootings account for 50 percent of incidents
By far , the most common place unarmed people have been shot in Harris County is behind the wheel .
Vehicle shootings account for half of the cases in which unarmed people were shot or killed since 1999 .
Sheriff 's deputies shot 19 unarmed people in cars and trucks over the time period .
HPD officers also shot 11 unarmed people in cars and trucks , three of whom died .
Jason Arboleda , 21 , and Vargas both were shot by moonlighting officers -- Arboleda in 1999 .
In the third case , 25 - year - old Jose Medina , a passenger , was killed after the driver of a car struck a patrol officer on June 3 , 2001 , according to an HPD news release .
Deputies , HPD officers involved in most shootings
Nearly 80 percent of the shootings that the Chronicle examined involved officers from the two largest departments , HPD and the Sheriff 's Department .
Within HPD , the rate of police shootings per 1,000 officers in recent years has been similar to rates at police departments in Chicago and Philadelphia .
But it is generally three to four times higher than the shooting rates recorded in New York City , where leaders have taken steps to reduce shootings .
The Sheriff 's Department has consistently had a higher rate of shootings than the sheriff 's departments near the nation 's largest cities .
In Cook County , Ill. , around Chicago , no sheriff 's department deputies , 500 of whom work patrol , have shot anyone since 1999 .
Harris County , with 750 in its patrol division , has had more than 50 .
Nor have any of the deputies employed by Philadelphia County been involved in any recent shootings , though none work patrol .
Neither Cook nor Philadelphia County officials allow deputies to work off duty as security guards .
Maricopa County , which surrounds Phoenix , also has had fewer shootings per 1,000 officers , as has the enormous Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department .
Both of those departments have much stricter use - of - force policies than does Harris County .
Gonzales , the LULAC leader , said her group , along with the NAACP , is pushing for reforms .
Too often , local civil rights leaders say , officers shoot people who pose no real threat .
" How many times do we have to say , ` My son was unarmed but gunned down by a police officer who said he was threatened , ' " said activist Quanell X , who led two recent protests of officer shootings .
" We want to see action .
We want to see a desire to change these ways and make the killing stop . "
From time to time an exception dialog opened .
This happens from time to time , but it seems not to influence the IDE stability .
It is a known bug .
The re-deployment of Wicket + EJB 3 + JPA in background works surprisingly well .
Changes in Java files were recognized correctly - the deployment of about 15 EJB3 Session Beans , 55 JPA Entities , about 20 Wicket pages and panels takes about 1 second - to few seconds on Glassfish v2.1 .
Changes in the HTML pages in the src folder in the WAR - projects were not recognized .
After changing the HTML - files you will have to redeploy the project manually .
The wicket plugin is helpful and saves time - I keep to use it with Netbeans 6.8m1 in " production " .
Just another day for Glenn Beck ;
" Glenn Beck nods and agrees with his guest Michael Scheuer that the only way to " save " the US ( from illegal immigrants , of course ) is for Osama bin Laden to succeed in detonating a weapon on American soil .
Scheuer and Beck hit all the conservative buttons , from Mexicans to the mainstream media and the worst of all , Europeans .
From the June 30th , 2009 Glenn Beck on Fox News . "
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auQJVhNH99c
" Last night Glenn Beck 's guest was ex-CIA person Michael Scheuer , who stated that the only hope for the country was for Osama Bin Laden to " deploy and detonate a major weapon in the United States . "
Seriously . "
http://gawker.com/5305274/what-this-country-needs-is-a-good-terrorist-attack
YouTube viddy cribbed from : http://mediamatters.org/mmtv/200906300039
Marvel , having decided to produce anime adaptations of both Iron Man and Wolverine , has just released some impressive trailers of both .
You can see them below :
Due for Japanese release in 2010 ( via Animax ) , the series look at first glance to have been adeptly handled by esteemed studio Madhouse .
Another two anime adaptations are apparently also in the works .
Marvel seem to have moved away from the traditional depictions for these productions ; they describe it as “ popular Super Heroes redesigned and repurposed as emerging from the fabric of Japanese culture ” .
Particularly in the case of Wolverine , at first glance it is certainly easy to get the impression that this is actually a Japonified version of the series actually intended for American audiences …
Whether the end result lives up to the trailer remains to be seen , but it certainly looks promising enough at this stage .
When it comes to PHP development , Experts from India has unparalleled expertise in delivering superior solutions .
All our PHP applications are built as per the specific requirements of our clients .
You have the opportunity to hire PHP developers from EFI either on dedicated basis or hourly basis depending on your project needs .
Your hired team of PHP developers from EFI will employ best development standards to build your business solution according to your expectations .
At every step , we make sure to comply with best in class practices so that the solution delivered has sustainable value for your business , meaning it not only benefits your present but also your future .
To start with , we develop a comprehensive understanding of your project requirements .
Throughout the development , we keep working alongside you to incorporate your inputs and suggestions into the solution .
This way the final solution is a true representation of your vision .
Baitullah Mehsud has been blamed for suicide attacks on Western forces Confusion surrounds the leadership of the Taliban in Pakistan after reports of a gun battle between potential successors to leader Baitullah Mehsud .
Pakistani officials have said they had " credible evidence " that Baitullah Mehsud had died in a US drone attack .
But a senior Taliban commander , Hakimullah Mehsud , contacted the BBC to say his chief was alive and well .
Now officials in Islamabad say Hakimullah was himself one of those killed in a fight over succession .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool , in Islamabad , says the situation is very unclear and information is based on rumours from deep inside militant territory in north - west Pakistan .
Rumours
The US and Pakistani governments say their intelligence suggests Baitullah Mehsud was killed in a US rocket attack on Wednesday .
US National Security Adviser Jim Jones said on Sunday that US officials believed Baitullah Mehsud was dead .
" We think so , " Mr Jones told Fox News .
" The Pakistani government believes he is and all the evidence we have suggests that . "
Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik told the BBC that the authorities had received reports that a meeting of Taliban commanders in South Waziristan , called to decide on the movement 's new leadership , had turned into a gun battle .
The unconfirmed reports say that Hakimullah Mehsud , a deputy to Baitullah Mehsud , was killed .
Mr Jones said he did not know if this was true .
" We 've heard stories about that .
I can't confirm it .
It certainly appears there is dissension in the ranks .
That 's not a bad thing for us , " he said .
Infighting However , Hakimullah Mehsud had earlier contacted the BBC to say his chief , Baitullah Mehsud , was still alive .
Mr Malik said the other Taliban leader allegedly involved in the shootout was Waliur Rehman .
The ' Shura ' ( party leaders ) are at loggerheads with one another .
This is going to grow in the coming days
Maulvi Saifullah Mehsud
The Pakistani interior minister challenged the Taliban to prove its leaders are still alive .
But Taliban commanders have dismissed the challenge as a ploy to flush them out into the open .
Speaking to Reuters , a man claiming to be Mr Rehman denied both that there had been disagreements among Taliban members and that either he or Hakimullah Mehsud had been killed .
" There are no differences .
There was no fighting .
We both are alive , and there was no special Shura meeting , " he said , referring to a reunion of party leaders .
Mr Rehman also insisted that Hakimullah Mehsud himself would call journalists soon to prove he too was alive .
Meanwhile , a spokesman for a Taliban group that was opposed to Baitullah Mehsud , Maulvi Saifullah Mehsud , said Baitullah 's supporters were turning on one another in the struggle to find a new leader .
" Differences have arisen between the followers of Baitullah , that is why they are claiming that he is not dead , " he said .
" The ' Shura ' ( party leaders ) are at loggerheads with one another .
This is going to grow in the coming days .
God willing , the infighting will get worse . "
The BBC's Orla Guerin , in Islamabad , said that part of the challenge of finding out facts was linked to the area 's remote and rugged terrain which means access for journalists and even Pakistani troops is difficult .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thanks to Google , hundreds of millions of people are today celebrating Hans Christian Ørsted 's birthday without having much of a clue who he is … so who exactly was he ?
Probably not even the physics geeks remember much about Hans Christian Ørsted , although Google 's Doodle logo illustrates his key discovery .
That is , if you run a current through a wire – in this case , from the battery at the front – then the electricity creates a magnetic field , which will deflect a compass needle .
Thus the study of electromagnetism was born , and it's the basis of a lot of modern life : it led to the development of electricity generators and transformers .
Remember that next time you flick a light switch .
As with many great discoveries , it happened by accident .
In 1820 , Ørsted , a professor of natural philosophy at the University of Copenhagen , was preparing an evening lecture when he noticed that a compass needle moved away from magnetic north and pointed to the wire whenever current flowed from the battery .
Perhaps even more surprisingly , the compass needle pointed in the opposite direction when you flipped the battery round .
With an invisible current creating an invisible field that moved a physical needle , this caused quite a stir at the time .
In London , the Royal Society gave him a medal , and he was also made a knight of the Prussian Order of Merit , of the French Legion of Honor , and the Danish Order of the Dannebrog .
On his death in Copenhagen in 1851 , he was given a state funeral .
Today , thanks to the wonder of the internet , you can re-enact the experiment online in the Magnet Lab at Florida State University .
To honour Ørsted , the scientific community named the unit of magnetic induction after him , in what we now call the CGS ( centimetre - gram - second ) system .
Sadly for him , people no longer measure things in oersteds , because nowadays we use an international metric system ( SI ) that honours people such as Ampere , Ohm , Hertz , James Prescott Joule , James Watt and Michael Faraday instead .
We 're more likely to remember another great Dane whose life overlapped with Ørsted's , and whose literary efforts Ørsted is reported to have encouraged : Hans Christian Andersen .
And while there 's nothing wrong with fairy stories , they have n't contributed much to the development of electric motors .
The Definitive Guide to iPhone App Market Sizing
… or “ So You Think You ’ve Got a Million Dollar App Idea ”
( this piece also appeared on Silicon Alley Insider )
As a number obsessed techie and ex-management consultant , market sizing and research were a big part of my launch preparations for Exit Strategy NYC .
Since launch , I ’ve received many questions from people struggling to estimate the market for their iPhone app ideas .
I ’ve put together this document as a guide for entrepreneurs considering developing an app .
Below , I ’ve compiled some up - to - date numbers about Apple devices .
I ’ve also laid out a framework for estimating what kind of sales can be expected from a paid app .
The Basic Facts
45 million iPhone and iPod Touch devices [ Apple Earnings Announcement ]
54 % of iPhone and iPod Touch users are in the US as of June 2009 [ Admob Mobile Metrics Report ]
The iPhone comprises 68 % of worldwide iPhone OS devices and the iPod Touch makes up the other 32 % [ Admob Mobile Metrics Report ]
Only 75 % of users actually download apps [ Pinch Media ]
The most frequently downloaded free apps reach approximately 30 % of devices [ comScore ]
apps reach approximately 30 % of devices [ comScore ]
The most frequently downloaded paid apps reach approximately 3 % of devices [ My calculations — explained later ]
Right off the bat , there ’s a few back of the envelope calculations to make : 54 % of the 45 M devices are in the US which means ~ 25 M devices .
The US has about 300 M people .
That means about 8 % of the general American population has one of these devices .
How To Use These Numbers
Combine this data with your own numbers about how large of a market your product is addressing .
For Exit Strategy NYC , our addressable market consists of all subway riding New Yorkers .
In 2008 , there were about 5 M weekday riders and about 3M Saturday riders [ MTA ’s ridership numbers ] .
The Saturday number is the more relevant one as it better captures subway usage by NYC residents rather than regional commuters .
Neither number counts unique riders though , and given that there are 8 M residents of NYC our addressable market size is probably somewhere in between these numbers .
Let ’s say 6 M subway riders .
New Yorkers probably skew more techie than average , so let ’s assume 10 % ( rather than 8 % ) have an Apple device .
Also , Exit Strategy NYC works on both iPhone and iPod Touch devices .
If your app requires phone / gps / camera / internet to work well , exclude iPod Touch users from your calculations .
How many Apple device toting subway riding New Yorkers are there ?
Well 6 M subway riders with 10 % penetration = 600,000 potential users .
“ But How Many People Will Actually Buy My App ! ? ”
Entrepreneurs are optimists by nature , and it ’s tempting to think that 100 % of people will buy your product .
After all , your product is awesome , right ?
But reality is a quite different story .
In fact , only about 3 % of users have purchased the most popular paid apps .
To determine that number , I used sales figures from one of the all time best selling paid apps , Firemint ’s Flight Control game .
According to Firemint ’s Alexandra Peters , sales to date have been 1.4 million .
As a percentage of the 45M Apple devices , this is ~ 3 % .
You should expect a similar upper bound of 3 % to apply to whatever market vertical you ’re addressing .
Of course it ’s possible that your app meets some crucial compelling need and therefore achieves a higher penetration rate in your vertical .
But do n’t count on it — it ’s equally possible that your app gets lost in the noise and ca n’t get traction .
Flight control has held a constant spot on the top paid app list for months now .
Few others have this advantage .
Realistic Unit Sales Calculations
Returning to the Exit Strategy NYC figures , we knew that if we had an effective marketing and press strategy , we could probably achieve something close to this 3 % penetration figure — perhaps higher as many New Yorkers are very passionate about the subway ( see ? there ’s that ever - present entrepreneurial optimism ! ) .
3 % of the 600,000 subway riding devices would mean 18,000 unit sales .
Does this translate to $ 18,000 total sales ?
Our maximum penetration figure was based on a 99 c app , but what effect would Exit Strategy NYC ’s $ 1.99 or $ 2.99 price point have on total sales figures ?
Factoring in price into market sizing is difficult .
Based on our own informal market surveying , we estimated that the most profitable price point would be $ 2.99 or $ 1.99 .
Around 75 % of people willing to pay 99 c would also pay $ 1.99 or $ 2.99 .
So 75 % of 18,000 units at those prices works out to an ballpark range of around $ 27 k — $ 40 k .
Like all software , the app ’s unit costs are zero , it ’s important to focus on maximizing dollar sales rather than unit sales .
A Growing Platform
One thing to remember is that the user base for apps is growing by leaps and bounds .
In their latest quarter , Apple sold 5 million iPhones and 3 million iPod Touches .
This means that the potential market for an app grew by more than 20 % in only 3 months !
Non-Apple Platforms
One last thing to note :
The iPhone certainly dominates headlines , but it ’s not the only game in town .
In fact , Blackberry outsells the iPhone every day .
And in a town dominated by Wall Street , it seems like everyone and their mother owns a Blackberry .
Realizing this , we carefully designed Exit Strategy NYC to be easily portable across different mobile platforms .
Our app is available for iPhone , iPod Touch , Blackberry Bold , Curve , and Storm , Android Phones , and even as an e-book on Amazon Kindle .
Combined , the Exit Strategy App reaches a significant portion of New Yorkers .
But are device sales a good indicator of a platform ’s expected app sales ?
Stay tuned to Back of the Envelope to find out .
While the researchers can't promise delivery to a parallel universe or a school for wizards , books like Pullman 's Dark Materials and JK Rowling 's Harry Potter are steps closer to reality now that researchers in China have created the first tunable electromagnetic gateway .
The work is a further advance in the study of metamaterials , published in New Journal of Physics .
In the research paper , the researchers from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Fudan University in Shanghai describe the concept of a " a gateway that can block electromagnetic waves but that allows the passage of other entities " like a " ' hidden portal ' as mentioned in fictions . "
The gateway , which is now much closer to reality , uses transformation optics and an amplified scattering effect from an arrangement of ferrite materials called single - crystal yttrium - iron - garnet that force light and other forms of electromagnetic radiation in complicated directions to create a hidden portal .
Previous attempts at an electromagnetic gateway were hindered by their narrow bandwidth , only capturing a small range of visible light or other forms of electromagnetic radiation .
This new configuration of metamaterials however can be manipulated to have optimum permittivity and permeability – able to insulate the electromagnetic field that encounters it with an appropriate magnetic reaction .
Because of the arrangement 's response to magnetic fields it also has the added advantage of being tunable and can therefore be switched on and off remotely .
Dr Huanyang Chen from the Physics Department at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology has commented , " In the frequency range in which the metamaterial possesses a negative refraction index , people standing outside the gateway would see something like a mirror .
Whether it can block all visible light depends on whether one can make a metamaterial that has a negative refractive index from 300 to 800 nanometres . "
Metamaterials , the area of physics research behind the possible creation of a real Harry Potter - style invisibility cloak , are exotic composite materials constructed at the atomic ( rather than the usual chemical ) level to produce materials with properties beyond those which appear naturally .
FEMA photographer Kurt Sonnenfeld ( recently interviewed by Voltairenet ) has released a new set of World Trade Center disaster site images .
Some were previously available , but the majority are new and high quality .
The large ( 675 MB ) archive is available on bittorrent .
If you need a bittorrent client , two popular options are :
azureus
or
deluge
After installing , click the following link to begin downloading :
EDIT Aug 29 2010 - New Torrent :
http://911datasets.org/images/Ground_Zero_Photos_from_FEMA_Photographer_Kurt_Sonnenfeld_Released_Aug_8_2009.torrent
We would like to thank Mr. Sonnenfeld for his continuing effort to bring this information to the world .
Harris County Criminal Court - at - Law judge Donald W. Jackson , 59 , has been indicted on a misdemeanor charge of official oppression – allegedly offering to get a DWI defendant help in dismissing her case in exchange for a sexual relationship .
Notably , he allegedly insisted that he was not interested in “ a one - night stand ” in seeking to secure counsel for Ariana M. Venegas .
If so , it is a new variation on past judicial pick - up lines that simply offer to trade sex for rulings .
Jackson has been a judge for 17 years .
Venegas , 27 , was charged with driving while intoxicated and ended up in Jackson ’s court .
Jackson is likely to be tried before a specially appointed judge and is likely to also answer questions before the Texas Commission on Judicial Conduct .
He could face a year in jail .
Jared Woodfill , chairman of the Harris County Republican Party , has also announced that the Republican party is likely to investigate the charges since Jackson is a Republican judge .
What is different from past judicial scandals is that Jackson is not accused of offering to dismiss the charges but rather to help Venegas secure a lawyer .
Nevertheless , there is no question that such a contact and offer is highly improper on a ethical level for a litigant before the judge .
His desire for a meaningful relationship would not materially improve the issue .
He later recused himself .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Palin accused of attempted bribery
Motion to amend says new evidence shows bribery
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin , who left office in disgrace July 26th under a cloud of ethics charges , is now being accused of a federal claim of attemped bribery .
See federal claim ( PDF 52 kb )
To clarify a previous complaint , the motion also accuses Palin of a violation of Alaska 's constitution .
From the motion to amend :
" 2. Plaintiffs wish to add a very serious federal claim of attempted bribery and other violations of similar federal and state statutes under supplemental jurisdiction ....
.... offering state funds and support of legislation to third parties in exchange for them convincing Plaintiffs to drop this lawsuit in federal or state court . "
Palin has had 21 ethics complaints filed against her , two of which she has been found guilty , three are still pending .
One of those involves the Alaska Fund Trust set up by Palin and her friends to fend off ethics compalints .
Palin has claimed she has over $ 600,000 in legal bills from these complaints , documents so far have shown only $ 120,000 in bills .
Related Palin stories :
Solid ethics complaint filed against Palin regarding unreported gifts
Todd and Sarah Palin to divorce
Palin lawyer threatens to serve papers at kindergarten , then balks
Sarah Palin 's silence on affair deafening
Sarah Palin on " hurt feelings " - November 5th , 2008
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin says politicians need to have thick skin " just as I 've got "
Which of course is hilarious since she quit as Alaska 's governor complaining about her hurt feelings from Alaska 's bloggers reporting on her 21 ethics violations .
Sarah Palin on " hurt feelings " from Dennis Zaki on Vimeo .
© AlaskaReport.com All Rights Reserved .
I 've struggled with several serious health issues for years now .
It took a toll on my 23 year marriage , which did n't survive the stress .
It ended just about the time we went into bankruptcy due to medical costs .
Not being healthy enough to work , and being covered through my then - husband 's insurance , my only option was to turn to COBRA .
I was very fortunate .
Although my parents were not well to do , they managed to help me make the COBRA payments .
When COBRA expired , I had to turn to HIPAA , and the premiums really began to skyrocket then .
To add to the problem , I developed a degenerative bone disease , on top of my other health issues .
Aside from HIPAA , I could not purchase coverage from anyone at any price .
My parents continued to help me with the payments while I worked through rehabilitation , treatment , and therapy .
Then , my mother became ill with ALS .
That devastating disease wiped out all their limited economic resources by the time she died this spring .
Their entire life savings ... gone .
Because I was having some improvement from the treatments , I was actually able to work about 30 hours a week , for the first time in several years .
It felt good to be productive and scrape up enough to keep my treatment going .
Well , recently the law firm was hit by current economics and I am once again unemployed .
Although I take numerous medications for my various conditions , the really critical one is the daily injection for my bones .
A little over a year ago , I sat down hard and suffered compression fractures at L2 , L3 , and L4 .
I was told I 'd be in a wheelchair within 2 - 3 years without proper treatment .
I was breaking ribs just by bending over .
Bump into a chair ?
Break a finger or a toe .
Step down the wrong way ?
Broken ankle .
After a year of the injections , I 've only broken one toe and one finger .
Pretty good progress thus far , I 'd say .
Just that one prescription is $ 1,200 a month without insurance .
With insurance , my co-pay is $ 300 a month .
But my insurance premiums have been raised yet again .
I simply cannot keep sending Blue Cross $ 1,400 premium checks , nor can I afford the medication on my own .
I have about three or four injections left in my pen and I wo n't be able to refill the prescription .
I needed at least one more year of injections to get sufficient bone growth to even move to a maintainence program on a product like Fosomax .
I have too little bone for it to be useful at this time .
I 'm apprehensive thinking of what is to come .
While I know a wheelchair is not the end of the world , the fact that it is preventable and yet still imminent strikes me as a painful irony .
And it sure wo n't be helpful in my search for employment .
I 'm fully aware there are Americans facing worse .
People are dying of heart disease , cancer , a myriad of diseases because they cannot get the treatment they need .
The implication of the right wing talking points that we do n't deserve better because we are n't wealthy enough , have n't worked hard enough ( in their opinion , ) were n't born into the right family , etc. , is outrageous and painful to me .
So today , I sit here scared .
No , not just frightened for me , but frightened for so many of us who are watching our time running out and undergoing irreversible consequences while politics play out and Congress takes a vacation .
Some of us may not still be here in the Fall , or it may be too late for intervention for some of us .
When I ponder all the implications , not just for the individuals and their families , but for the future of this nation , I am overwhelmed with sadness .
All the wasted potential , the emotional pain , the loss of productivity , the diminishing quality of life ; it does n't just affect the afflicted , it affects us all as a nation .
Even if we do n't place empathy and compassion in the equation , it still leaves an increasing economic morass that will suck in all of us eventually , in either direct or collateral fashion .
This concern , this sadness , this fear , it suddenly feels like a sodden blanket wearing down heavily on me as I feel my hope waivering .
That precious hope I still keep trying to cling to , even as the astroturfers try to suffocate it with their shouting , distractions , and disruptions , in their desperate effort to delay reform .
Yep , I could really use a hug today .
If you feel so inclined as to oblige , I 'd be grateful .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
James Joyner notes that a New York Times story about problems filling senior positions in the Obama administration takes its sweet time before mentioning that every administration has this problem :
It ’s worth noting that one has to read seven “ paragraphs ” ( NYT style apparently requires treating most sentences as complete thoughts and justifying a new paragraph ) into the piece to start to get a sense that this is par for the course and into the 13th “ paragraph ” before this is stated outright .
Have you ever wondered why newspapers do this ?
That is , why every sentence is a new paragraph ?
I ’m here to help .
Back in the days of old , when men were men and computers did n’t yet rule the earth , stories could n’t be edited merely by hitting the delete key a few times .
So when a story needed to be cut to fill a particular space , it was convenient for every sentence to be its own paragraph .
That way , you could cut any single sentence you wanted , join up the copy , and you were done .
You always knew exactly how many lines you were saving and it was simple to make the cut without resetting the entire piece .
Electronic typesetting makes this unnecessary , of course , but there ’s another advantage to this custom : it adds a bit of white space to the page .
Newspapers that do n’t do this end up looking gray and intimidating .
So the custom stays .
As it happens , this caused me problems in college .
As a journalism major , it quickly became second nature to start a new paragraph after nearly every sentence .
My non-journalism professors were generally unamused by this and wanted to know why I did n’t use paragraphs properly .
After that , I adopted a more conventional writing style for term papers , which was no big deal , but does seem a little clunky once you get used to newspaper style .
( If you ’re not used to it , of course , it ’s newspaper style that seems weird . )
On the substantive point of James ’s post , though , I ’ll offer my usual advice : we could largely take care of this problem by eliminating the Senate ’s idiotic insistence on confirming everyone under the sun .
Personally , I ’d limit them to cabinet level positions and maybe ( maybe ! ) their # 2 deputies .
Add to that federal judges and perhaps the top ten or twenty most important amabassadors , and you ’re done .
The other thousand or so positions should simply be appointed by the president without the Senate wasting its time on them .
As a bonus , this might also cut down a bit on senatorial whining about how they can’t possibly be expected to actually pass more than one big bill per year .
DALLAS ( Reuters ) -
The largest American Lutheran denomination cleared the way on Friday to allow gays and lesbians in committed relationships to serve in ministry , ending a policy that had opened leadership posts to them only if they remained celibate .
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America also encouraged its congregations to find ways to support or recognize members in “ accountable lifelong , monogamous , same - gender relationships . ”
But it did not give official sanction to gay marriage or approve any rites for such ceremonies .
Still , the stance taken by the 4.6 - million - member church is one of the most liberal by any U.S. denomination on matters of sexual orientation , which are among the most divisive political and religious issues in America today .
The church adopted the resolution at its biennial meeting in Minneapolis .
“ It is about people in committed , same - gender relationships , ” said John Brooks , the director of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ’s news service and a spokesman for the church .
Previously gays and lesbians had been barred from service unless they stayed celibate .
The resolution , approved by a vote of 559 to 441 , said the church was committed to finding ways to allow people in “ accountable , lifelong , monogamous , same - gender relationships to serve as rostered leaders of this church . ”
The measure applies to clergy as well as professional lay leaders .
The assembly still has to approve procedural changes to allow the resolution to go forward .
Brooks said he expected the new policy to be in place by 2010 .
WIDER DEBATE
The move follows the lifting last month of a de facto ban by the U.S. Episcopal Church on the consecration of gay bishops , setting the stage for wider conflict in the global Anglican Communion .
The Episcopal Church , which is the U.S. branch of Anglicanism , is also in the process of developing official rites or liturgies to bless same - sex unions .
All of this is unfolding against the backdrop of America ’s wider debate over issues such as gay marriage , child adoption by same - sex parents and the status of homosexuals in the military .
Gay marriage has been approved in six U.S. states but it is being challenged in Maine .
According to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , the United Church of Christ is alone among major U.S. Christian denominations in officially recognizing gay marriage .
Polls consistently show gays enjoying growing acceptance in American society , a fact readily visible in popular culture .
But fast - growing faiths in the United States such as many evangelical Protestant churches and the Mormon church regard homosexual relations as sinful and proscribed by scripture .
Ballot initiatives to ban gay marriage at the state level have been a regular feature in recent U.S. election cycles and commentators say they have helped boost turnout among the Republican Party ’s conservative Christian base .
If Nextcloud has become your on - premise cloud solution , you might be interested to know there 's a social component you can add .
Jack Wallen shows you how .
See more Cloud
When cryptic posters portraying President Obama as the Joker from “ The Dark Knight ” began popping up around Los Angeles and other cities , the question many asked was :
Who is behind the image ?
Was it an ultra -conservative grass - roots group or a disgruntled street artist going against the grain ?
Nope , it turns out , just a 20 - year - old college student from Chicago .
Bored during his winter school break , Firas Alkhateeb , a senior history major at the University of Illinois , crafted the picture of Obama with the clown makeup using Adobe ’s Photoshop software .
Alkhateeb had been tinkering with the program to improve the looks of photos he had taken on his Kodak camera .
The Joker project was his grandest undertaking yet .
Using a tutorial he ’d found online about how to “ Jokerize ” portraits , he downloaded the Oct. 23 , 2008 , Time magazine cover of Obama and began work .
Four or five hours later , he happily had his product .
On Jan. 18 , Alkhateeb uploaded the image to the photo - sharing site Flickr .
Over two months , he amassed just a couple thousand hits , he said .
Then the counter exploded after a still - anonymous rogue found his image , digitally removed the references to Time magazine , captioned the picture with the word “ socialism ” and hung printed copies around L.A. , making headlines .
Alkhateeb ’s Flickr page surpassed 20,000 views .
By Friday , it had been taken down .
On Alkhateeb ’s page , a manipulated image condemning White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ( captioned “ epic fail ” ) was mixed with parodies of the Guitar Hero game franchises and Napoleon on a motorcycle .
Flickr had removed the Joker image due to copyright - infringement concerns , Alkhateeb says the company told him in an e-mail .
A Flickr spokeswoman declined to comment due to a company policy that bars discussing inquiries about individual users .
Alkhateeb says he was n’t actively trying to cover his tracks , but he did want to lie low .
He initially had concerns about connecting his name with anything critical of the president .
“ After Obama was elected , you had all of these people who basically saw him as the second coming of Christ , ” he said .
“ From my perspective , there was n’t much substance to him . ”
Alkhateeb , of Palestinian descent , follows Middle Eastern politics closely and says that although his views on foreign relations align with the Democrats , he prefers Republican ideals on domestic issues .
Someday , Alkhateeb hopes to be a history teacher and high school football coach .
He ’s honored by Shepard Fairey ’s assessment of his Joker picture ( “ The artwork is great in that it gets a point across really quickly , ” Fairey said ) , but disagrees with some of his comments criticizing the socialism poster .
“ He made a picture of Bush as a vampire , ” Alkhateeb said of Fairey .
“ That ’s kind of speaking with two faces . ”
Regardless , Alkhateeb , who says he was making no political statement with his work , does agree with the Obama “ Hope ” artist about “ socialism ” being the wrong caption .
“ It really does n’t make any sense to me at all , ” he said .
“ To accuse him of being a socialist is really . . . immature .
First of all , who said being a socialist is evil ? ”
mark.milian@latimes.com
BEIJING — China announced that it intended to spend $ 123 billion by 2011 to establish universal health care for the country 's 1.3 billion people .
The plan was passed Wednesday at a session of the State Council , the Chinese cabinet .
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao presided .
Xinhua , the state news agency , said the authorities would " take measures within three years to provide basic medical security to all Chinese in urban and rural areas , improve the quality of medical services and make medical services more accessible and affordable for ordinary people . "
Providing universal health care is seen by some economists as a way to stimulate domestic spending during the current economic downturn .
The Chinese have a high savings rate , and one of the reasons usually cited is their concern about possible medical expenses .
Intricate cellular components are often cited as evidence of intelligent design .
They could n't have evolved , I.D. proponents say , because they can't be broken down into smaller , simpler functional parts .
They are irreducibly complex , so they must have been intentionally designed , as is , by an intelligent entity .
But new research comparing mitochondria , which provide energy to animal cells , with their bacterial relatives , shows that the necessary pieces for one particular cellular machine — exactly the sort of structure that 's supposed to prove intelligent design — were lying around long ago .
It was simply a matter of time before they came together into a more complex entity .
The pieces " were involved in some other , different function .
They were recruited and acquired a new function , " said Sebastian Poggio , a postdoctoral cell biologist at Yale University and co-author of the study published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Mitochondria are descended from free - living bacteria , which several billion years ago were swallowed by complex cells .
The mitochondria soon became central to the cells ' function .
Mitochondria could n't have lasted in their new home without the help of a protein machine called TIM23 , which delivers other proteins harvested from the cell 's body .
Bacteria do n't possess TIM23 , suggesting that it evolved in mitochondria .
This seems to pose a cellular chicken - and - egg question :
How could protein transport evolve when it was necessary to survive in the first place ?
The essential paradox applies to other protein - transporting cell systems , providing disbelievers of evolution with a key part of their critique .
As articulated by intelligent design proponent Michael Behe , " This constant , regulated traffic flow in the cell comprises another remarkably complex , irreducible system .
All parts must function or the system breaks down . "
According to evolutionary theory , however , cellular complexity is reducible .
It requires only that existing components be repurposed , with inevitable mutations providing extra ingredients as needed .
Flagella , the hairlike propellers used by bacteria to move , are one example of this .
Their component parts are found throughout cells , performing other tasks .
Intelligent design mavens once cited flagella as evidence of their theory .
Scientific fact dispelled that illusion .
The mitochondria study does the same for protein transport .
" This analysis of protein transport provides a blueprint for the evolution of cellular machinery in general , " write the researchers , led by molecular biologist Trevor Lithgow at Australia 's Monash University .
" The complexity of these machines is not irreducible . "
When they analyzed the genomes of proteobacteria , the family that spawned the ancestors of mitochondria , Lithgow 's team found two of the protein parts used in mitochondria to make TIM23 .
The parts are located on bacterial cell membranes , making them ideally positioned for TIM23's eventual protein - delivering role .
Only one other part , a molecule called LivH , would make a rudimentary protein - transporting machine — and LivH is commonly found in proteobacteria .
The process by which parts accumulate until they 're ready to snap together is called preadaptation .
It 's a form of " neutral evolution , " in which the buildup of the parts provides no immediate advantage or disadvantage .
Neutral evolution falls outside the descriptions of Charles Darwin .
But once the pieces gather , mutation and natural selection can take care of the rest , ultimately resulting in the now - complex form of TIM23 .
" It has n't been possible up until this point to trace any of those proteins back to a bacterial ancestor , " said Dalhousie University cell biologist Michael Gray , one of the researchers who originally described the origins of mitochondria , but was not involved in the new study .
" These three proteins do n't perform precisely the same function in proteobacteria , but with a simple mutation could be transformed into a simple protein transport machine that could start the whole thing off . "
" You look at cellular machines and say , why on earth would biology do anything like this ?
It 's too bizarre , " he said .
" But when you think about it in a neutral evolutionary fashion , in which these machineries emerge before there 's a need for them , then it makes sense . "
* Citation : " The reducible complexity of a mitochondrial molecular machine . "
By Abigail Clements , 1 , Dejan Bursac , Xenia Gatsos , Andrew J. Perry , Srgjan Civciristova , Nermin Celik , Vladimir A. Likic , Sebastian Poggio , Christine Jacobs - Wagner , Richard A. Strugnell , and Trevor Lithgow .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 33 , August 25 , 2009 . *
Image : Journal of Cell Science
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Infowars
August 14 , 2009
Download the poster : Large | Medium | Small
In order to drive the point home — there is no difference between the New World Order ’s front men — Infowars has created a poster displaying George W. Bush as the Joker .
Please remember when posting the Bush as Joker poster around town as a compliment to the Obama as Joker poster not to put the poster on private or government property , as this provides our enemies with an excuse to call us criminals and even terrorists .
Post only in public commons areas where other posters , fliers , handbills , etc. , are posted .
—
The latest Infowars poster is now also available as an instant classic Infowars t- shirt .
Surf over to Alex Jones ’ Infowars Store and get your Bush Joker Fascist black t- shirt today .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
* Evidence of serious violations of law and rights in Gaza
* UN rights chief tells Israel to end impunity
( Adds statement from another UN committee on Israel )
GENEVA , Aug 14 ( Reuters ) -
There is significant evidence that Israeli forces violated international law and human rights in their invasion of Gaza between late December and mid-January , the United Nations human rights chief said on Friday .
A report by U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay lambasted the " nearly total impunity " for the violations .
The already critical human rights situation in the occupied Palestinian Territory ( OPT ) deteriorated further during the war , she said in the report , the first of a series of periodic reports ordered by the U.N. Human Rights Council in January during Israel 's " Operation Cast Lead " .
The 34 - page report is one of two -- together with a forthcoming one by South African jurist Richard Goldstone who has been conducting hearings in Gaza -- that will be presented to the council next month .
" ... significant prima facie evidence indicates that serious violations of international humanitarian law as well as gross human rights violations occurred during the military operations of 27 December 2008 to 18 January 2009 , which were compounded by the blockade that the population of Gaza endured in the months prior to Operation Cast Lead and which continues , " Pillay said .
Pillay said rights violations included arbitrary detention , torture and ill - treatment , extrajudicial execution , forced eviction and home demolition , settlement expansion and related violence and restrictions on freedom of movement and expression .
" While these violations are of deep concern in their own right , the nearly total impunity that persists for such violations ( regardless of the responsible duty bearer ) is of grave concern , and constitutes a root cause for their persistence , " the former South African high court judge said .
Pillay 's recommendations included the following :
-- Israel should lift the blockade of Gaza and restrictions on movement in and out of the West Bank , which amount to illegal collective punishment .
-- Allegations of violations of humanitarian law and human rights during the Gaza war should be investigated by independent bodies , and victims should have the right to reparations .
-- Israel should tackle impunity for violations , and curb its use of the military justice system , which does not meet international standards .
-- Israel should end the illegal expansion of settlements in the occupied territory , halt evictions and demolitions of Palestinian homes , and end settler violence .
Unlike rulings of the U.N. Security Council , the findings and recommendations of the Human Rights Council are not binding .
Islamic and African countries , backed by Russia , China , Cuba and Nicaragua , currently have a majority on the 47 - member council , which has spent more time on Israel / Palestine than on any other issue since being set up three years ago .
In a separate statement , a U.N. special committee on human rights in the occupied territories said it would report to the U.N. General Assembly on violations of humanitarian law including increasing violence by settlers against Palestinians in the West Bank while Israeli police and troops looked on .
The committee , set up in 1968 , was again unable to visit Israel or the occupied territories on its latest 10 - day mission this month , but travelled to Egypt , Jordan and Syria to hear testimony .
Its members are from Sri Lanka , Malaysia and Senegal .
( For Pillay 's full report go to
here
) ( Reporting by Jonathan Lynn ; Editing by Stephanie Nebehay )
Heath Getty of St. John has been target shooting since he was just out of diapers .
Now he 's trying to perfect a feat that any gun or bow hunter would be amazed by .
Getty can shoot moving clay targets out of the sky with a compound bow .
Do n't speak Wookiee ?
This encyclopedia is by and for contemporary Wookiees .
Non-speakers of Wookiee interested in ancient Wookiee history may find the Star Wars Wookieepedia more informative .
Back in 2000 , I worked at a magazine published by Time Inc. , a division of Time Warner .
When Time Warner merged with AOL , all employees got a petite perk : a free AOL email account .
I gave mine to my wife , who used it until last year , when she finally upgraded to Gmail and I left Time Inc. to join The Wall Street Journal .
About a month ago , we started getting bizarre phone calls from a collections agency in India .
They called five times , “ concerning unpaid charges of $ 103.60 . ”
When I asked what I was being charged for , I was told it was four months ’ worth of something called “ upgraded service ” for AOL in late 2008 .
When did Franz Kafka take charge of AOL 's customer - service department ?
I pointed out that we had never requested or agreed to any upgrade , nor used any AOL service other than email .
Taxi Drove into Flooded Street , Driver Abandoned Car and Left Two Passengers Drowned
[ Sohu ]
After days of heavy rain in Chongqing , streets were flooded with water .
The underpass at the “ Dragon Head Temple ” ( 龙头寺 ) train station cumulated 1.58 meters of water on the morning of August 5th 2009 .
While driving through the underpass , a taxi with 5 passengers was submerged by flood , resulting 2 deaths .
One of the two drowned passengers was a 2 year old boy .
Taxi driver Wen Hui ( 文辉 ) who abandoned passengers in order to save his own life was arrested .
According to the deceased boy ’s mother , on the morning of August 5 their entire family was riding in the taxi on their way home from the train station .
5:40 am , the taxi was about to drive through the underpass of Baohua Road .
Everyone soon noticed water already flooded up to the top of the tires .
So they yelled at the driver to hurry up and turn back , but the driver did not listen and continued to drive forward .
Soon the entire car was flooded .
The driver then opened the door and swam away from the sinking car , ignored passengers who were still in the car crying for help .
Because driver opened the car door , water poured into the car , taxi was rapidly sinking .
In the end only 3 passengers made it out alive .
At 6 am fire fighters arrived to the sense and started rescue effort .
Unfortunately they found the 2 year old boy in the passenger seat and a woman in the backseat were already dead .
According to Chongqing Municipal Public Security Bureau Traffic Management Bureau , days of heavy rain caused flooding of “ Dragon Head Temple ” train station Bao Hua road underpass .
Traffic department already put up the traffic cones to forbid vehicle to drive through this underpass on the August 4th .
The taxi driver Wen Hui was arrested and the details of the accident are still under investigation .
At the scene
“ About 5:50 am , a young man drenched in water running from the underpass , shouting for help . ”
A witness said , he asked the man and learned this man is the taxi driver and his car was stuck and flooded in the underpass , and there were still 5 passengers in the car .
“ I ca n’t swim so I can only call the police . ”
When he looked into the underpass he saw the water already covered almost the entire car , only the top of the taxi was visible .
After he hurried and called police , when he turned around the driver was no way to be found ,
According to another bystander , the taxi was not the only car drowned in this underpass .
Another private owned Ford Focus was also still in the water .
The owner of this car told the reporter that he also drove into the flood the day before .
His car engine stopped because of the high water level .
So he left the car , and later that night attempted to push the car out of the water with 6 other guys .
But they were not able to get the car out , so he went home .
This morning he returned to the scene and found out about this tragedy .
Arrested taxi driver
Taxi Driver “ after the incident , I regret very much ”
Reporter met with the taxi driver Wen Hui .
At the time his wife and daughter also came to see him , but they were stopped by the police .
When he learned the news that he caused 2 deaths , Wen immediately broke down and started to cry .
Reporter :
Why do you have to drive though the underpass ?
Wen :
It was raining heavily at the time .
I did not see the police cones , when I noticed it was too late .
Reporter :
Why do n’t you rescue the boy ?
Wen :
The water already flooded the driver seat under a few seconds .
I was scared so escaped first .
Reporter :
How do you feel knowing 2 passengers drowned in your car ?
Wen :
After this incident , I regret very much , not only I am sorry to the victim ’s family but also sorry to my family , hope they can forgive me .
A Chongqing Lawyer says , the taxi driver knowing the risk and the circumstances but still let the accident happen is constituted the crime of negligence .
Not taking any rescue measures when accident happened in fact constituted intentional and indirectly causing death .
The punishment for causing traffic accident can be sentenced to 1 to 3 years , but coupled with negligence and causing death may add up the sentence to be 6 to 7 years .
The woman sitting at the left side of the backseat died because the door can not be opened .
Many taxi ’s left back side door can not be opened because of the child safety clock .
This story stirred up debates
We know when the Titanic was sinking the captain let all the passengers to escape first , then the staff members , captain is the last .
This is not only “ morality ” , but more of basic professional ethics .
Therefore this taxi driver being called “ run run ” ( Netizens already came up with slang for the driver calling him ‘ Wen Run Run ’ ) seems difficult to refute .
But most importantly is taxi driver the only person who is responsible for this incident ?
Some of the arguments are “ Drivers have no obligation to sacrifice their lives to save passengers ? ” ; “ Driver is not the murderer , nor is the person who is the most responsible ” ; “ Do not let driver become the fall guy who takes full responsibility ” .
Some netizens questioned the city constructions being not up to par , because of a malfunction of the sewer system “ letting citizens drown in the heart of the city . ”
Some questioned police department , “ putting up a few orange cones in front an underpass which is flooded up to 1.6 meters is sufficient ? ”
“ This taxi is not the only car that did n’t see the cones and drove into the flooded street ” .
Who do you think should be responsible for this incident ?
Anne why are you writing books about how alcoholic losers ruin people 's lives ?
Do n't you see that romanticizing douchey behavior is the proper literary convention in this family !
Honestly .
Post mortems are being performed on the two wrestlers , one of whom went by the name “ La Parkita ” - or “ Little Death ” - and wore a skeleton costume in the ring .
The other was known as “ Espectrito Jr. ”
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
08/05/2009
The Autumn of Pete 's discontent
by Jeremy Hooper
You might remember when , a week before this writer 's wedding , longtime ' mo foe Peter LaBarbera sent an email message with the sole purpose of condemning my then - impending nuptials .
It was n't related to any particular political matter or bit of activism that Pete was working on at the time .
It was n't a response to something I had written .
It was simply an unsolicited personal attack on my character .
Well fast forward to August .
Pete is working in cahoots with his brother - in - bashing Matt Barber to convince the American public that President Obama 's " socialized medicine " plan will subsidize sexual reassignment surgery , and of course to decry the same .
But what 's really startling about Pete 's lil ' write - up is how he 's chosen to illustrate the subject :
Taxpayer - Funded Tranny - Care ?
ObamaCare Could Mandate Free ‘ Sex - Change ’ Surgeries [ AFTAH ]
That picture is of Autumn Sandeen , fantastic activist and writer for Pam's House Blend .
It 's a perfectly lovely pic .
It 's unlikely that Autumn will be upset about being used as a public " example . "
But here 's the thing : Neither Matt 's piece nor Pete 's setup is about Autumn .
Not even a little bit .
Autumn has n't written anything to put herself under this particular microscope .
Autumn is n't the president of any organization involved with healthcare .
Autumn is simply transgender , which , in the eyes of those who are hellbent on decrying " tranny care , " is the sole criteria for earning illustrative ire .
It is nothing more than her everyday existence that has earned her this prominent placement on Pete 's site .
Sure , those of us who engage in this so - called " culture war " have willingly put ourselves out there , and are fair game as far as that goes .
But it 's one thing to use a photo to highlight a specific response to a particular person , or to create some sort of clever parody graphic .
But this is not what Pete is doing here .
Pete is using Autumn as " Interchangeable Transgender Person # 21 , " with his obvious intent being to enrage his readers with the mere idea that transgender human beings walk this world .
This is not a Christian response to message :
It is a targeted hit on an individual .
To use the " pro-family " community 's messaging :
This is a " stigmatize the ' sinner , ' hate the ' sin ' " approach to evangelism .
And it only further demonstrates how , at the end of the day , our choice to simply get up and breathe every day in our true sexual orientations and gender identities is more than enough to enrage our militant opponents !
** UPDATE : On a mostly related note : Matt Barber is desperately trying to make his " Obama Tranny Care " meme ( the point of Pete 's post ) happen .
Listen to his recent anti-Obama , anti-LGBT , anti-Maddow appearance with CWA .
Your thoughts
Funny how the unbiased , honest people who are just doing GOD 's work go out of their way to lie and demonize the democrats , its almost like they dont really give half a shit about the bible and are just GOP stooges riliong up bigot voters ...
PS : I WISH Obama would pay for my sex change .
Posted by : penguinsaur | Aug 5 , 2009 11:29:29 AM
I 'm shocked .
Again .
TRiG .
Posted by : Timothy ( TRiG ) | Aug 5 , 2009 12:40:50 PM
It is so outrageous that he attacks a perfectly nice person just because they happen to be trans .
Pete has some serious issues , and God will judge him one day .
Posted by : queerunity | Aug 5 , 2009 12:51:52 PM
Just curious , I know it was your policy not to link and provide hits to the haters , but recently you have been providing the links .
Any reason for the change in direction ?
Posted by : queerunity | Aug 5 , 2009 12:52:35 PM
No , I 've always linked to the source material .
I think it 's the only fair way to do it .
I loathe when they talk about what we supposedly said but do n't send their readers to our sites to see for themselves .
The only group to whom I refuse to link is Westboro Baptist ( for obvious reasons ) .
I do , however , use a " no follow " tag in all of the other anti-gay links so that these groups wo n't get Google juice from my link .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Aug 5 , 2009 1:07:23 PM
You would think that these guys would be a little bit hesitant to decry payments from health insurance carriers , since an enormous bulk of health related expenditures are strictly related to true lifestyle choices .
Many of which are probably disproportionately exaggerated in their own circles .
Like heart disease , adult onset diabetes , clogged arteries causing strokes ( among other things ) , cancers related to smoking ( how many Catholic priests do you know with multi- pack a day habits ) , prostate cancers caused by not getting enough bootay .
The list goes on and on .
And , how many of those maladies are these two suffering from themselves .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Aug 5 , 2009 4:44:50 PM
JH , I hope that you are always attempting to include enough of the keywords or searchable phrases in your writing , so that if any of the hordes are searching for corroborating evidence , they will be able to locate your piece .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Aug 5 , 2009 4:56:30 PM
Autumn served in the military for twenty years .
She served honorably and distinctly .
And works for Veteran 's Affairs at this time .
Has Peter LaB done military service ?
Matt Barber ?
I think any service member who did such a duty to their country , DESERVES free health care .
So , Pete ... STFU after you have thanked her for her service in protecting YOUR rights you obviously are too spoiled to appreciate !!
Posted by : Regan DuCasse | Aug 5 , 2009 6:11:50 PM
Have you ever noticed that the people who whine loudest about peoples ' " lifestyle choices " being supported by public opinion / the government / etc. are the ones who demand our tax dollars be funneled to their churches , their Viagra , their children , etc ?
Posted by : Buffy | Aug 5 , 2009 7:33:48 PM
Maybe it 's because I 'm one of those freaks and losers from Soviet Canuckistan , but that post makes me SICK .
I do n't even care what you think about health care , transgender issues , or anything else - Autumn Sandeen is a PERSON .
Just like every other transgender person .
Just like every other person .
You'd think that for a movement that trumpets " faith " so much ( or rather , their own particular , sometimes virulent brand of faith - I 'm sick of the religious right 's appropriation of the term , as if they had a monopoly on it ) , they would stop and consider ... these are CHILDREN OF GOD that they are smearing and using as crude scare tactics in their political campaigns .
Would they not agree that everyone is made in the image of God ?
Why then do they think that it 's acceptable to use this kind of language and these tactics ?
Nobody deserves to be dehumanised like that .
' Cause to me , that 's what that post looks like it 's doing .
Posted by : Sanjo in Canada | Aug 7 , 2009 12:30:46 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Hi , my name is Jeffrey Cohen , founder of Purple Workshops .
We specialize in building software for academic institutions that perform clinical research in the behavioral sciences .
For details , articles , and helpful resources on our primary work please visit https://www.softwareforresearch.com.
We also build scientific software that must comply with government or industry regulations , such as HIPAA , PCI , GDPR , and FERPA .
We build web applications , services , and corporate software using modern technologies and advanced techniques .
I am also an Adjunct Assistant Professor at the University of Chicago , teaching courses in web development and applied software engineering .
However they picked the wrong comic book character to lampoon the president .
The Joker , especially the most recent one , is just way too ...
Which is why I appreciated the creepy , surreal and plain - old - scary posters making their way around Los Angeles this week by an artist who has yet to reveal himself .
Political discourse via street art is one of the things that makes this country great , especially if the images are shocking and powerful and weird .
The Obama - turned - Joker posters were just that .
Raising one 's fist defiantly against an oppressor is part of being an American .
And doing so to someone as powerful as the president of the United States is not only admirable , but , most would say , downright patriotic .
cool -- a trait Barack Obama 's detractors tried to use against him when he ran for office last year .
Think about who 's played the Joker on TV and in the movies : Caesar Romero , Jack Nicholson and most recently Heath Ledger .
Do you really want to complain about someone by calling them suave , hilarious and dashing ?
As the kids say : You 're doing it wrong .
Also , the Joker was resourceful and relentless and fast on his feet .
He was ambitious and creepily charming .
He often sported a dark smile on his crooked face .
Oozing with charisma , he was quick to toss out a funny tale .
In that sense the Joker was like many politicians , but as Batman , Commisioner Gordon , and the rest of Gotham could attest to , the Joker was unlike most politicians because he actually had follow - through .
Talk 's cheap , and when you want cheap talk the Riddler is your man , not the Joker .
But finally , and this comes from an LA Now commentor , you can't put a " socialism " tag under Obama / The Joker because The Joker is not a socialist , he 's an anarchist .
Ledger 's character did n't rob from the rich or from the banks to give to the poor , he burned the money .
He blew up hospitals .
He even murdered his fellow clowny gang members .
That is the epitome of someone who sees beauty and order in chaos -- thus , an anarchist .
Political art is just that .
And although it 's easy to use Photoshop to apply a green tint to hair and some red tones around the lips , accurate , biting , long - lasting social commentary is an art .
Which is usually why the best examples are created by artists like Robbie Conal , Shepard Fairey and Banksy .
And why the lesser pieces are tossed off by ... jokers .
Kudos to the creator of the poster , but perhaps a more fitting villain would have been Egghead , played by Vincent Price during the kitschy ' 70s Batman TV series ; a foe more intent on puns than evil , but allegedly the world 's smartest criminal .
Better yet might be Black Mask , whose cult - like following mirrors that of the president 's underground rise to power .
And of course he has that black mask and all -- that 's clearly hiding the fact that he was n't born in this country , and probably hails from Sweden , the Bethlehem of Socialism .
-- Tony Pierce
Top photo of Heath Ledger as the Joker courtesy Warner Bros .
Bottom photo via KTLA
The entire budget process has been two parts pain and one part folly , including a moment in June when lawmakers , facing a midnight deadline , tried to metaphysically halt the fiscal year by taking the clock down from the Senate wall .
They are also considering mortgaging the state Capitol as well as a historically significant limestone cave system owned by the state .
Ms. Brewer ’s reputation as a conservative has been damaged by her proposal to raise the sales tax , and some of her colleagues in the party , which is dominated by conservatives , have whispered about challenging her in the 2010 Republican primary .
“ The economic downturn has created a very difficult scenario for any elected official who is a fiscal conservative , ” Paul Senseman , Ms. Brewer ’s director of communications , said in an interview .
Arizona finds itself in a worst - case scenario among states that have been hammered by the foreclosure crisis .
One of the fastest - growing areas in the country for years , the state has seen its population  and needs  explode over the last decade , and development has more than helped cover the costs .
Image Shoppers like these in downtown Phoenix may face an increase in the state sales tax .
Credit ... Laura Segall for The New York Times
The state ’s principal revenue source is its 5.5 percent sales tax ( with city tax added on , the average tax is about 9 percent ) , followed by the personal income tax and the corporate tax .
Counties and school districts collect property taxes .
With the number of new building permits plummeting , revenues from the big - ticket items associated with new homes , which had fueled much of the state ’s budget in recent years , also fell .
CATcerto on BBC
The CATCerto gained recognition in the international media .
Here is the link to the contribution on BBC
Our Approach Sets Us Apart
Other law firms do n't take the time to get to know you and the impact your legal issue has on all aspects of your life .
At Markowitz Law Firm , LLC , we take the time .
Our attorneys will approach your case with attentiveness , skill and dedication .
We value each client we serve .
We will work closely with you to gain an understanding of your situation , help you explore your options , and tailor a strategy that suits your unique legal goals .
No matter what your need , our goal remains the same : to find the most effective solution in a cost - efficient manner .
Contact Markowitz Law Firm , LLC
If you are facing a legal problem , we are here to help .
Contact us today online or by telephone at 609-482-3138 or 866-437-1189 to speak with one of our lawyers .
Located in Lawrenceville , we serve individuals and businesses throughout New Jersey .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The Obama administration began investigations of hundreds of businesses on Wednesday as part of its strategy to focus immigration enforcement on the employers who hire illegal workers .
The Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency told Congress in an e-mail message that it had begun notifying businesses of plans to audit the documents known as I - 9 forms , which employers fill out for every worker .
The Department of Homeland Security said 625 businesses had been told they would be audited , compared with 503 for last year .
Employers are required to check the authenticity of documents provided by the employee .
The Homeland Security Department said it would not release the names or locations of the businesses being audited .
Republican vice presidential candidate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin blows a kiss to supporters after speaking at a rally at the Silver Spurs Arena , in Kissimmee , Fla , Sunday , Oct. 26 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Joe Burbank , Pool )
Donkey wrong : Sarah Palin is seen wearing a scarf emblazoned with donkeys at a rally in Nevada on Tuesday .
The donkey has become the established political symbol for the Democratic Party
Donkey wrong : Sarah Palin is seen wearing a scarf emblazoned with donkeys at a rally in Nevada on Tuesday .
The donkey has become the established political symbol for the Democratic Party
Donkey wrong : Sarah Palin is seen wearing a scarf emblazoned with donkeys at a rally in Nevada on Tuesday .
The donkey has become the established political symbol for the Democratic Party
Donkey wrong : Sarah Palin is seen wearing a scarf emblazoned with donkeys at a rally in Nevada on Tuesday .
The donkey has become the established political symbol for the Democratic Party
Hee haw : Sarah Palin is seen wearing a scarf emblazoned with donkeys at a rally in Nevada .
The donkey has become the established political symbol for the Democratic Party
A supporter of Republican vice presidential candidate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin holds up a tube of lip stick during a campaign rally in Golden , Colo. , Monday , Sept. 15 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Jack Dempsey )
Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin winks as she speaks during her vice presidential debate against Democratic vice presidential candidate Sen. Joe Biden at Washington University in St. Louis , Thursday , Oct. 2 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / J. Scott Applewhite )
Sarah Palin has become the attack dog for the McCain campaign , with increasingly personal tirades at her rival
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks as presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain looks on at a campaign rally August 29 , 2008 in Dayton , Ohio
In this Dec. 4 , 2006 file photo , Gov. Sarah Palin , left , her husband Todd , and daughters Bristol , 16 , right , and Piper , 5 , front stand as the colors are retired at the end of an inauguration ceremony in Fairbanks , Alaska Palin , 42 , is the first female and youngest governor of Alaska .
John McCain tapped little - known Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to be his vice presidential running mate .
An independent investigator has found evidence that Alaska governor and former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , may have broken ethics laws by trading on her position as she sought money for lawyer fees .
It is the latest legal distraction for Mrs Palin as she prepares to leave office this week .
A report obtained by The Associated Press said Mrs Palin was securing unwarranted benefits and receiving improper gifts through the Alaska Fund Trust , set up by supporters .
An investigator for the state Personnel Board says in his July 14 report that there is probable cause to believe Mrs Palin used or attempted to use her official position for personal gain because she authorised the creation of the trust as her legal defence fund .
The practical effect of the ruling on Mrs Palin will be more financial than anything else .
The report recommends that she refuses to accept payment from the defence fund , and that the complaint be resolved without a formal hearing before the board .
That allows her to resolve the issue without a formal ethics reprimand .
Mrs Palin posted an entry on Twitter in which she said the " matter is still pending " , a statement echoed by her lawyer .
The fund aims to help her pay off debts stemming from multiple ethics complaints against her , most of which have been dismissed .
Mrs Palin says she owes more than half a million dollars £ 312,000 in legal fees and said the mounting toll of the ethics probes was one of the reasons she was leaving office on Sunday .
Kristan Cole , the fund 's trustee , said organisers had frozen the fund pending the personnel board 's review .
Politicians are routinely allowed to have such funds to pay off legal bills , but quirks in Alaska law can present ethics issues .
The investigator , Thomas Daniel , sided with Palin in her frustration with having to defend herself against a barrage of ethics complaints .
He suggested that Alaska politicians may need to create a law that reimburses public officials for legal expenses to defend complaints that end up being unfounded .
Mrs Palin's friends and supporters created the Alaska Fund Trust in April , limiting donations to £ 94 per person .
Organisers would not say how much it had raised and had hoped to raise about 500,000 dollars .
A Webathon last month brought in about 130,000 dollars ( £ 81,200 ) in pledges .
In his report , Mr Daniel said his interpretation of the ethics act was consistent with common sense .
An ordinary citizen facing legal charges was not likely to be able to generate donations to a legal defence fund , he wrote .
" In contrast , Governor Palin is able to generate donations because of the fact that she is a public official and a public figure .
Were it not for the fact that she is governor and a national political figure , it is unlikely that many citizens would donate money to her legal defence fund , " he said .
The ethics complaint was filed by Eagle River resident Kim Chatman shortly after the fund was created , alleging Mrs Palin was misusing her official position and accepting improper gifts .
" It 's an absolute shame that she would continue to keep the Alaska Fund Trust website up and running , " Ms Chatman said .
Belfast Telegraph
A fake iceberg anchored in Wellington Harbour was driven by a desire to shock people into action on climate change , the group behind it says .
The iceberg was made by special - effects company Weta Workshop for the protest .
Measuring 7 metres long , 3.5 m wide and 4.8 m high , it is made from polystyrene but fully encased in a hard shell , with a flotation device .
It was anchored in Oriental Bay early yesterday .
A group of self - described anonymous artists claimed responsibility for the iceberg via email , saying global warming was a defining topic of our time .
They said they were not affiliated to any group but were just " people who care , people who have children " .
" We are a collective of artists from all walks of life . "
" We wanted to shock people out of their numbness and hopefully motivate some action .
So from that the iceberg was born . "
They appealed to people who saw the artwork to " stand up and take action " .
" We did n't just talk , we did something .
What are you going to do ? " they wrote in an email .
The iceberg was trucked through Wellington at night and dropped into the harbour just after midnight yesterday .
" It was a huge relief to see it floating ; due to its size , sea tests were n't possible beforehand . "
Weta Workshop spokeswoman Ri Streeter said it was commissioned by the artists , who wanted to create awareness of global warming .
Weta worked with the group to ensure the artwork was " environmentally sound " .
Maritime police spokesman Andrew Cox said there was no problem with the iceberg as it was away from shipping lanes .
" The only danger which terrorism really poses is the way in which our society has reacted to it , " said writer Ilija Trojanow at the official launch of his book " Attack on Freedom . "
Trojanow and his co-author Juli Zeh - both well known for their successful novels - collaborated on a work of non-fiction this time .
They said the work is a genuine collaboration because , rather than writing individual chapters alone , they co-wrote every single passage of the book .
Yet they claim that they hardly ever argued .
Though Juli Zeh looked deep into Trojanow 's eyes and admitted that they did clash occasionally , " but only because you were so lazy . "
Novelists Zeh and Trojanow collaborated closely on the book
Trojanow accepted this criticism , and blamed it on his background in Bulgaria .
He said he 's the first to admit his faults - including the fact that he does n't always practice what he preaches .
Trojanow may have written a book criticizing modern - day surveillance , a lack of personal privacy and individual freedom , yet he still uses his Google email account - knowing full well that the US giant stores all his details and conversations for at least one year .
This is the biggest problem nowadays , according to Trojanow and Zeh .
Online data gathering , whether by the government or the private sector , is something that people blindly accept .
One passage in " Attack on Freedom " asks the readers to imagine their reaction on coming home and finding someone rooting through their computer .
However , Zeh and Trojanow pointed out , most people have no problem with someone sitting at a computer far away perusing the contents of their hard drives at home - like terrorism investigators , for instance .
Even worse than terrorism
Zeh and Trojanow do n't deny that terrorism is a danger , but they argue that we overreact to the threat it poses .
Their book takes readers on a tour of some every day activities that - statistically speaking - pose a far greater threat than terrorism .
Among other examples , they highlight the roughly 5,000 Germans that die in road traffic accidents each year , the 15,000 Germans who die of the flu annually , and the 9,000 or so people that died of heat stroke in Germany 's particularly hot summer of 2003 .
The book was released earlier this month
We accept these dangers , they said , " because we know that absolute safety can never be guaranteed . "
The difference between these two categories of danger is that terrorism and terrorists want to be perceived as a threat .
" The core of terrorism is the message of fear it sends , " said Zeh .
" It only works , when many people take this message to heart . "
Stronger security laws
This begs the question why politicians would take the message of terrorism so seriously .
The authors argue that terrorism has become a convenient excuse for the government to extend surveillance of its own population .
Zeh and Trojanow claim that the government wants to know about its own law abiding citizens at least as much as it wants to seek for troublemakers .
However , their warnings against the German government and its ever stricter security laws overlook the fact that not every measure proposed in Berlin is put into law .
Often , German courts put a stop to political proposals on the basis that they infringe on civil liberties or the German constitution .
Perhaps this is why surveys show that most Germans do not feel threatened by their own government .
Nothing to hide
The writers suggest that one reason people do n't worry about security checks is their conviction that they have nothing to be ashamed of , no reason to worry about the government knowing their personal secrets .
However , Ilija Trojanow believes that people 's right to privacy , whether they obey the law or not , is one of the most important elements of basic liberty .
" A person who has nothing to hide , no secrets , is no longer a free person , " he said .
It 's ok to have something to hide , say the authors
The book harkens back to George Orwell 's classic work of fiction " 1984 , " yet Trojanow said that the methods of observation Orwell dreamed up for his dystopia are " basically harmless , " when compared to today 's technology .
Trojanow also believes that , considering our relentless technological progress , it is crucial to act now to protect personal freedoms before they are irrevocably lost .
Just raising awareness
" Attack on Freedom " is one of many books which catalogue threats and problems in modern society without suggesting any solutions .
Trojanow , however , does n't see this as an issue .
He was always heavily influenced by 18th century political pamphlets - like those of Jonathan Swift - and said this book is meant in a similar vein : " In those [ pamphlets ] , what mattered was using language and good arguments to highlight a problem for all to see - just to tell the readers to go and do something about it . "
Juli Zeh is optimistic that readers will respond to the book .
She pointed to issues like climate change - which " began as a topic that only interested a small minority of freaks " - as an example of a topic that can be catapulted into the public consciousness .
" Today we can see that [ climate change ] has become a major issue worldwide .
My personal hope is that the same will happen with the issue of data protection and personal liberty , " she said .
" And - looking at certain trends - it seems there 's reason to be optimistic . "
The packed house at their book launch in Berlin this month could be one trend worth noticing .
Author : Peter Stuetzle ( msh )
Editor : Kate Bowen
Gallery of Rage : Images from Anti-Abortion Websites
It appears that your computer does not have the Flash Player required to view the NOW Media Player .
Visit Adobe to download and install the latest version of the Flash Player .
Click the gallery icon in the slideshow window to view more slideshows
Enlarge By Alastair Grant , AP Seif -el Islam Gadhafi , son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , talks in Tripoli , Libya in this 2000 photo .
TRIPOLI , Libya 
The son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi says Scotland 's release of the only man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing opens the way for trade deals between Britain and Libya .
" Lockerbie is history , " Saif al - Islam al - Gadhafi said of Pan Am Flight 103 , which blew up over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 , killing 270 people .
" The next step is fruitful and productive business with Edinburgh , London .
Libya is a promising rich market and so let 's talk about the future .
" There is no reason for people to be angry .
Why be so angry ?
This is an innocent man who is dying , " Gadhafi said in his first interview since returning to Libya last week with the freed prisoner , whose release sparked outrage in the USA .
The mercy shown by the Scottish government has transformed the traditional Arabic view of Britain as " crusaders " against Islam , Gadhafi told The Herald in Glasgow , Scotland .
Abdel Baset Ali Megrahi was released by the Scottish government Aug. 20 on compassionate grounds because he is terminally ill with prostate cancer .
The controversial decision drew strong protests from President Obama and Americans who lost family members on the doomed flight .
Megrahi , 57 , a former Libyan intelligence agent , served eight years of his life sentence .
The U.S. government warned Libya to avoid giving Megrahi a " hero's welcome " upon his return home .
After a crowd cheered and waved flags at the Tripoli airport as Megrahi arrived , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called the scene " disgusting . "
Gadhafi apologized for any perception that the Libyan government had not done its best to contain the jubilant scene .
He said that it was not a " hero's welcome " but that Megrahi was greeted by a few hundred of his friends and family .
" There was no official celebration , no guards of honor , no fireworks and no parade .
We could have arranged a much better reception , " Gadhafi said .
" The U.S. knew a long time ago that Mr. Megrahi would probably be released and asked us to keep the reception low key .
For the last three or four weeks , it has become obvious that he might have been released , so it was not a complete surprise , " he said .
He expressed regret at the U.S. and British response .
Obama called Megrahi's release a " mistake . " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was repulsed by the airport welcome .
Megrahi will not take part in next week 's ceremony to mark the 40th anniversary of the revolution in Libya and the elder Gadhafi 's rule over the oil - rich North African nation .
" It was a shock and surprise for Libyan society that he was freed on compassionate grounds , " Gadhafi said .
" And it showed the Libyans that the British and Scottish are civilized people . …
That is why for the first time in our history that Libyan citizens have been out in the streets waving a different flag — the Scottish flag .
" This act changed the minds of many people , " he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Brewster is an owlish , intellectual boy who lives in a fallout shelter of the Houston Astrodome .
He has a dream : to take flight within the confines of the stadium .
Brewster tells those he trusts of his dream , but displays a unique way of treating others who do not fit within his plans .
When the fateful day arrives , and he enters the dome with his fanciful construction of bird wings , Brewster is surrounded by the police .
Will he be caught before he attempts to fly ?
Written by Rick Gregory < rag.apa@email.apa.org >
Picked out by a Google Earth satellite , is this the Loch Ness monster ... or just a boat ?
It promised the world views of the entire planet from their laptop .
But could Google Earth have unravelled our favourite mystery of the deep ?
One internet fan claims he found the legendary Loch Ness monster in satellite images on the virtual globe .
Security guard Jason Cooke said the 65ft oblong shape followed by thin strands is actually the highly contested creature supposed to inhabit Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands .
Is this it ?
Jason Cooke says this Google Earth image looks just like the Loch Ness Monster
Jason told the Sun : ' I could n't believe it .
It 's just like the descriptions of Nessie . '
Nessie enthusiasts believe the creature is a plesiosaur - an aquatic reptile that appeared at the start of the Jurassic period and is widely believed to be extinct .
Some claimed a series of vertebrae uncovered on the shores of Loch Ness were ' proof ' that there was a living plesiosaur in the Loch .
Adrian Shine , a researcher on the Loch Ness project , called the new images ' really intriguing ' and said they deserved further study .
' Surgeon 's photograph ' : A highly respected British surgeon , Colonel Robert Wilson , claimed he took this picture , which appeared to show a sea serpent rising out of the Loch , in 1934
The Loch Ness Monster has been a subject of mass intrigue and debate since it came to the world 's attention in 1933 .
Scientists have widely written off the idea as a modern - day myth and continued sightings as set ups and wishful thinking .
Yet it has remained a contested phenomenon for almost 80 years .
The latest tantalising sighting can be seen on Google Earth using the co-ordinates Latitude 57°12'52.13 " N , Longitude 4°34 ' 14.16 " W .
Also picked out by Google on Loch Ness
A not - so - mysterious boat - shaped object picked out just north of ' Nessie '
Steaming north on the Loch : Can there be any doubt about provenance of this object ?
This September ’s protests against the G20 summit in Pittsburgh offer a rare strategic opportunity to reassert anarchist struggle in the new era of economic recession , ecological collapse , and liberal government .
We ’ve prepared a summary of why these demonstrations are important , who is organizing them , what is planned , and how to get involved .
We ’ve also designed a poster promoting the unpermitted mass march to downtown Pittsburgh scheduled for Thursday , September 24 , which we predict will be the high point of the mobilization .
The recession has been acknowledged for a full year now ; capitalism has been twisting the knife for centuries .
As survival gets harder and the last illusions are dispelled , many people are looking around for alternatives .
But few anarchists are presenting them , leaving the door open for fascists and other opportunists to capitalize on popular distress .
It ’s ironic that anarchist opposition to capitalist institutions — and anarchist emphasis on alternate lifestyles making the best of poverty — reached their peak a decade ago during a period of apparent prosperity , when they could be so much more persuasive today .
Since Obama ’s election , some of us have waited impatiently for a chance to bring opposition to global capitalism back into the public eye .
On September 24 and 25 , the G20 , twenty of the world ’s most powerful governments , are convening in Pittsburgh , with the intention of presenting themselves as the ones who can solve the same crisis they have forced upon the rest of us .
The summit will take place at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center , supposedly “ the world ’s first and largest green convention center ” ; meanwhile , as if to dramatize the complicity between liberal governments , ecological devastation , and working class suffering , the International Coal Conference is scheduled to take place in Pittsburgh the preceding three days , September 21 - 23 .
This opportunity to connect the dots is being handed to anarchists on a platter — the question is whether we have the numbers , networks , and momentum to take advantage of it .
The G20 summit is calculated to cement the impression that Obama and his cronies run the only game in town when it comes to addressing economic and ecological crisis .
It ’s a media spectacle , but it has concrete effects : it enables the right wing to frame themselves as the opponents of the prevailing order , while isolating all who desire a different opposition .
Effective anarchist resistance in Pittsburgh could shatter the illusion that Obama and his class represent the longings of the public for a better world , focusing attention on more radical responses to the present crises .
It would show that anarchists are not simply the extremist fringe of the anti-Bush , anti-war movement , but that we have an entirely different program — perhaps the only hope for working and unemployed people , wild ecosystems , even life itself .
The Backstory on Anarchist Organizing in Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh has a rich history of anarchist activity , extending back well into the 19th century .
More recently , the Pittsburgh Organizing Group [ POG ] has made a name for itself as a long - running explicitly anarchist organization .
Since summer of 2002 , POG has taken the lead in the anti-war and global justice movements , utilizing every tactic from unpermitted marches and lockdowns to community picnics , and participating in mass mobilizations from the 2002 anti-IMF “ People ’s Strike ” to last summer ’s protests against the Republican National Convention .
POG also carries out regular trainings , puts on speaking engagements , and publishes the semiannual journal Steel City Revolt , which sets the bar extremely high for local publications .
In short , POG is one of the few effective anarchist organizing bodies to persist from the so - called “ anti-globalization ” era through the anti-war era into the Obama age .
POG has joined with several other local Pittsburgh organizations to build a broad - based mobilization against the September summit , forming the Pittsburgh G20 Resistance Project .
This coalition has joined other groups organizing against the G20 to craft the Pittsburgh Principles , a solidarity agreement modeled on the historic St. Paul Principles from the mobilization against the 2008 RNC .
Infrastructure
As in prior mass mobilizations , volunteers are organizing various forms of infrastructure to support protesters .
A group is coordinating housing for out - of - town participants .
There is a legal number to report harassment and arrests , and a legal support group has formed to support arrestees and counter state repression .
There are also groups focusing on providing food , preparatory trainings , and medical care in the street .
Days of Action
The Three Rivers Climate Convergence is organizing actions against the International Coal Conference September 21 - 23 .
Thursday , September 24
The main event on the first day of the G20 is an unpermitted mass march on the building housing the summit meetings .
This march will include contingents focusing on workers , students , and climate issues , as well as various musical groups and other feeder marches .
It is a space for a diversity of tactics manifesting opposition to global capitalism .
The march begins at 2:30 p.m. in Arsenal Park , at 40th Street & Penn Avenue , in Lawrenceville .
Out - of - town participants should study the terrain the march will pass through in advance .
Friday , September 25
Capitalism is not simply imposed by a few heads of state ; it is a decentralized system perpetuated at every level of society .
Accordingly , on the second day of the summit , actions will take place throughout Pittsburgh targeting institutions that perpetrate the daily oppression and devastation of the capitalist economy .
The Pittsburgh G20 Resistance Project has prepared a menu of suitable locations for such actions .
Pick a location , plan your action , and come to Pittsburgh !
The idea is that all the actions will conclude at 11:30 a.m. sharp , whether they last for four hours or four minutes up to that moment .
How To Get Involved
Form an affinity group , discuss what you ’re ready to do , make plans for Thursday and Friday together , and come to Pittsburgh September 21 - 26 .
Consider organizing a fundraiser in advance and a speaking event upon your arrival home , to draw on community support and spread awareness of why you are going .
For more information about the mobilization : www.resistg20.org
Visit the Pittsburgh G2O Resistance convergence center at 4374 Murray Ave. , Pittsburgh , PA 15217 .
It ’s at the corner of Murray and Hazelwood in Greenfield .
Fliers and posters are available promoting the mobilization .
Promotional Poster
Immigration happens for various reasons .
Some people immigrate because of the wonderful financial opportunities offered by other countries .
Others immigrate as they find the right choice of jobs and lifestyles that are present in the new countries and so on .
Whatever might be the reason , it is for sure that everyone has certain dreams when they plan for the same .
Do I really need an immigration consultant ?
This is one of the most common questions that a majority of applicants ask while planning for immigration !
Of course , you need an immigration veteran – Why ?
Have a look :
A mature and experienced advisor would assist you in processing your application more quickly and efficiently .
Further , the applicant would get ace advice without wasting a single bit of extra time on tedious application process .
The veteran looks in to it that the client ’s application forms are filled in the perfect manner that best projects their qualifications and personal records .
In a majority of cases , misplaced or incorrect documentations could lead to visa - denials .
A proficient immigration and visa consultant would see to it that your application form and documentations are presented aptly .
Moreover , some applicants unknowingly apply in the wrong category .
The fact is embassy staff do n’t have much time to correct your mistakes , so your application simply gets rejected .
That is why it is a must to get yourself the services of an adept immigration advisor .
In a majority of cases , consultants also provide a comprehensive submission letter to the selecting visa office .
Mentioned below are some of the facets you should look prior to hiring an immigration consultant :
Experience :
One of the most important aspects that you should find out is the amount of experience that the relevant immigration firm is geared up with .
A vast amount of experience is decked with ample knowledge as well .
Know about the billing aspect :
Are they charging on an hourly basis or following the concept of flat fee .
So make sure that you ask every minute detail in the beginning itself .
Website :
Go through their website and read what their past and existing clients have to say about them .
Have a thorough detail about their overall background .
Ask yourself :
Is this company worth trusting ?
If the answer is no , then never do any collaboration with them !
Trust matters a lot !
All in all , an immigration consultant should be bedecked with ample experience , proficient knowledge in their niche fields and factors of trust and care with radiance .
Our new website is up and running .
Check us out at http://awfullibrarybooks.net
Do n’t worry all of the old posts and comments moved with us !
* PS3 cut wo n’t lead to revision in 2009 / 10 f’casts - president
* Big boost from PS3 cut likely to come in 2010 / 11 - president
* Shares close up 2.4 pct , lifted by brokerage report ( Recasts , adds comments from president )
TOKYO , Aug 26 ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp 's 6758 .T introduction of a cheaper PlayStation 3 will have a big impact on video game sales in the next business year following a limited boost this year , the head of game maker Square Enix Holdings 9684 .
T said .
Square Enix President Yoichi Wada told a gathering of reporters on Wednesday the PS3 cut would be positive for game sales but not enough to warrant an upward revision to its sales and profit forecasts in the current year to March 2010 .
Last week Sony said it would roll out a slimmer , cheaper version of the PS3 in the first week of September at $ 299 in the United States , 299 euros in Europe and 29,980 yen in Japan , a quarter of the previous price .
[ ID : nLI152101 ]
The move is expected to give a lift to sales of the PS3 and game makers , which include Electronic Arts Inc ERTS.O , Activision ATVI.O and Capcom Co 9697.T .
Square Enix and its recently acquired Eidos unit have announced 3 titles for the PS3 , including the latest edition of its popular “ Final Fantasy ” series , which it is planning to launch this winter .
“ In terms of the impact ( the PS3 cut ) will have on this financial year ’s earnings , I do n’t think there will be a major difference , ” Wada said .
“ But I expect there to be a big impact from next year . ”
Square Enix , also known for the Dragon Quest game series , has forecast its operating profit to double to 25 billion yen in the current year to March on sales of 180 billion yen .
Under exchange disclosure rules , Square Enix would need to revise up its operating profit forecast if it determined the result would likely be 30 percent above its estimate .
Square Enix shares closed up 2.4 percent at 2,335 yen , outperforming a 1.4 percent rise in the benchmark Nikkei average .
N225 after Bank of America Merrill Lynch raised its target price on Square Enix to 2,800 yen from 2,530 yen and reiterated its " buy " rating .
In a report to clients the brokerage said Square Enix has a strong line - up of games able to sell more than a million copies including Batman from Eidos , Dragon Quest 9 and Final Fantasy 13 , which it predicts will be released in November or December .
( Editing by Chris Gallagher )
Speak With Our Attorneys Risk Free
Let our law firm take the risk out of pursuing a will or trust contest or any other variety of inheritance disputes with the contingency fee structure we offer .
In most cases , you will not pay any attorney fees unless we recover in your case .
Contact Zigray Law Office , LLC , to discuss your will or trust contest and any other related probate dispute issues .
We are available to meet with clients anywhere in Ohio — including your home — and welcome referrals from other lawyers .
Call 419-794-1044 or contact us online .
What has become of the dark power of Joy Division ?
Once upon a time , it was all in that name .
Joy. Division .
These were the two most terrifying words in the English language .
They took happiness unconfined , and sliced the idea surgically , numbing any possibility of hope , or of life .
They scalded us with their shock value .
They held the ghosts of the House Of Dolls , Ka-Tzetnik 's book about the horrors of the Nazi concentration camp brothels , in their hands .
They contained thunderous abstractions of the industrial north .
They swallowed within themselves Ian Curtis ' epilepsy , his hatred , the neglect of his family , and the macabre manner of his decline .
Today , this power is all but gone .
The name Joy Division is nothing more than a shorthand for edginess – that dank , fetid quality that promises the shock of the new while delivering a facsimile of the old with a new , wonky haircut .
Joy. Division .
The name sells trainers , mugs and babygros .
It inspires derivative bands to latch on to its syllables like whiny infants , each of them trying to grab their own speck of the bible - black .
Today , Joy Division means nothing more to many people than the machinations of smoke and mirrors .
This week , the name almost lost its power forever .
A press release for an American rom-com , 500 Days Of Summer , pitched itself as a movie for people " who like Joy Division and kissing " .
Joy. Division .
This is a name to be linked with the act of kissing as much as equatorial heat should be linked to the Arctic Circle .
Joy. Division .
It is a name , and they are a band , for a lightless room with heavy curtains , closed doors and low hours , for those times in our lives when we need silence and darkness and hollowness .
Sometimes we need pop – bright , shiny and loving ; sometimes we need music that is light , soft and cosseting .
Sometimes , we need the indulgence of the other side , a harsh hit of the stuff .
It 's true .
We all do .
The name Joy Division requires a revolution : we need to remember what that name really means .
To remember the shock value it held , we need to remember the hard elements that are so often forgotten .
Firstly , everyone ignores the brevity of Joy Division 's career .
From their first appearance in the NME to the day in May 1980 when everything ended , only fifteen months passed .
This is no time at all .
Think of it another way .
Only thirteen months went by between Unknown Pleasures , the group 's debut album , and Curtis ending his life on his wife 's drying rack .
He did this at the age of 23 – a fact we all know , but very often fail to process in terms of his years .
Think of what all this means , then say how you feel to White Lies .
Everyone also forgets what a minority concern Joy Division were at the time .
Mark Ellen and Paul Du Noyer of The Word magazine , both NME writers at the turn of the 80s , once told me about this band being the fancy of a few , rather than the obsession of the many .
A little light research also reveals that those who championed them were also less gushing than we would expect .
Take Paul Morley .
He still pays for fruit and flowers on the back of the NME feature titled New Stirrings On The North - West Frontier , that introduced the band to the world in January 1979 .
He never mentions where Joy Division came in his article .
They came last , after Spherical Objects and The Passage , since you ask .
But this is not to Morley 's disservice , to be fair .
This merely reveals to us how local and little they were .
People also forget the power of Joy Division 's performance on So It Goes .
No one forgets its host , Tony Wilson , the post - punk Richard Madeley , or even what the band looked like on stage .
They always forget what that performance tells us about modern music , and how it reveals how few risks modern television really takes .
It also shows us how far we have fallen .
Jools Holland would never allow a band like Joy Division to jam with Coldplay , Mulatu Astatke and Florence and the Fucking Machine .
His team would sit in the production office , picking apart Curtis ' off - key vocals , the way that he danced , the way the band dressed , and the sense of unease that underpinned their performance .
They would have said no to them right off the bat , and we would have missed everything .
There are other things we must not forget .
We must not forget Peter Hook 's basslines , and how they fuelled the menace of Joy Division 's music .
We must not forget how Joy Division created a new British gothic – a term that should be rehabilitated rather than reviled – by sweeping the Northern spirit of foreboding away from the moors of Yorkshire , towards the dying landscapes of Lancashire .
The strange , spindly man with the piercing eyes who made that mindset matter again could have come from a novel fully formed , after all .
He also knew , as well as Emily Bronte , that " terror makes us cruel " , that " proud people breed sad sorrows " , and that the land revealed an " existence of yours beyond you " .
He knew what shadows meant to the world , and to its humans , and how to translate and transport them .
But however the weight of the world sat on their shoulders , we must not forget either that Joy Division were a band of four men .
They were four young human beings that had a life outside the music they made , as Anton Corbijn 's Control and Grant Gee 's Joy Division documentary showed us so well .
But this should dramatise , rather than dilute , or detract from , their power .
Their humanity should make their achievements all the more extraordinary , especially as they happened in such a short space of time , and in such strange circumstances .
So remember them this way , for the shock value , and not for the sneakers .
For their power , and not the pretenders .
Joy .
Division .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. Sen . Jim Webb arrived in Myanmar on Friday where he is scheduled to meet with the reclusive country 's military junta , his office confirmed .
Sen . Jim Webb speaks at a press conference in Laos Thursday as part of a two - week Southeast Asia trip .
The Virginia Democrat is the first member of Congress to visit Myanmar in more than a decade .
It will also be the first time a U.S. official meets with Myanmar 's top official , junta leader Senior Gen .
Than Shwe .
Webb is chairman of the East Asia and Pacific Affairs Subcommittee of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Webb is scheduled to depart Myanmar -- also known as Burma -- on Sunday .
His office would not discuss what the first - term senator plans to discuss during his scheduled meeting with Than Shwe .
Webb 's visit -- part of a two - week , five - nation tour of Asia -- comes just days after the conviction of Myanmar pro-democracy leader and Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi .
Suu Kyi , 64 , was sentenced on Tuesday to 18 months of house arrest stemming from a May incident in which an uninvited American man swam 2 miles to her home .
The man , John William Yettaw , was sentenced to seven years of hard labor .
Lawyers for both said they would appeal .
A Myanmar court initially sentenced Suu Kyi to three years in prison for violating her house arrest .
But Than Shwe commuted it to the year and a half of house arrest .
Yettaw , a 53 - year - old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , stayed in Suu Kyi's home for two days .
He testified in court that God had sent him to Myanmar to protect the opposition leader because he dreamed that a terrorist group would assassinate her .
He was convicted of violating immigration laws , municipal laws and Suu Kyi's house arrest terms .
The United Nations Security Council on Thursday expressed " serious concern " over Suu Kyi's conviction and its political impact , and urged the government to " create the necessary conditions for a genuine dialogue " with the pro-democracy leader .
Also Thursday , the European Union adopted " a new set of targeted measures " against Myanmar in reaction to the verdict against Suu Kyi .
Under the measures , members of the Myanmar judiciary responsible for Suu Kyi's conviction will be added to a list of people and entities subject to a travel ban and assets freeze .
Suu Kyi has spent 14 of the past 20 years in one form of confinement or another -- most recently under house arrest in a crumbling lakeside home .
The country 's regime rarely allows her visitors , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households without government permission .
Suu Kyi , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 , has said she does n't know Yettaw , did not know of his plans and denied any wrongdoing .
She told the court she did not report the intrusion because she did not want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble .
All About Aung San Suu Kyi • Myanmar • Jim Webb • European Union
CAMBRIDGE , Mass. , Aug. 1 ( UPI ) -- Harvard University 's moves to seek U.S. trademarks for everyday phrases such as " Ask what you can do " are defensive measures , a school official says .
The university has poured a lot of money into basing its promotional and advertising campaigns on such phrases as " Ask what you can do , " which was famously uttered by President John F. Kennedy in his 1960 inaugural speech , as well as " Lessons learned " and " Managing yourself , " The Boston Globe reported Saturday .
Advertisement
So , Rick Calixto , director of the Harvard Trademark Program , says the university needs to move aggressively to trademark the phrases to protect the investments it has made in its branding efforts .
" Since we 're spending so much time and money to promote this phrase , we just want to make sure someone does n't say we can't use it , " he told the Globe , adding that a trademark has even been submitted for the phrase , " The world 's thinking , " even though Harvard is n't using it in any current campaigns .
" You need to reserve something in case you intend to use it , " he said .
" We 're strategically protecting it for use at some point down the line . ''
Banks in the U.S. that failed in the past two years were in far worse shape than those that collapsed during the industry 's last crisis , a looming problem for the government agency charged with insuring deposits .
At three of the five banks that failed Friday , increasing the total to 77 so far this year , the financial hit to the agency 's deposit - insurance fund is expected by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to be about 50 % of their assets .
The ...
The Evangelical Lutheran Church in American has been meeting at the Minneapolis Convention Center all week for its 2009 Churchwide Assembly .
And today , those in attendance are scheduled to participate in a key decision :
Meeting this week in Minneapolis for its biennial convention , the nation ’s seventh - largest denomination is considering a policy that would allow its 10,000 congregations to hire as pastor any properly ordained person “ in a lifelong , committed , monogamous , same - gender relationship . ”
Following the Methodists , Presbyterians and Episcopalians into one of the thorniest social debates of contemporary Protestantism , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America is to decide today whether to allow sexually active gays and lesbians to serve as pastors .
And apparently God is not happy with this effort , which is why , according to John Piper , he sent a tornado earlier in the week to let them know :
A day after tornados and storms slammed the Midwest , John Piper , a prolific author and preaching pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church in Minneapolis , called an out - of - the - blue tornado that struck downtown Minneapolis Aug. 19 a “ warning ” from God to the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America , whose delegates were meeting there to debate a liberalized policy on homosexuality .
The tornado tore off part of a 90 - year - old steeple of the Central Lutheran Church and ripped apart large outdoor tents set up to serve breakfast to the delegates to the ECLA convention which has been holding its meetings this week next door at the convention center .
Some meetings also are taking place at the church .
The tornado also damaged the convention center , where delegates were at the time .
…
Piper then listed six points and accompanying texts as to why he thinks the tornado was providential :
1 . “ The unrepentant practice of homosexual behavior ( like other sins ) will exclude a person from the kingdom of God .
‘ The unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God ?
Do not be deceived : neither the sexually immoral , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor men who practice homosexuality , nor thieves , nor the greedy , nor drunkards , nor revilers , nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God . ’
( 1 Corinthians 6:9-10 ) .
2 . “ The church has always embraced those who forsake sexual sin but who still struggle with homosexual desires , rejoicing with them that all our fallen , sinful , disordered lives ( all of us , no exceptions ) are forgiven if we turn to Christ in faith .
‘ Such were some of you .
But you were washed , you were sanctified , you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God . ’
( 1 Corinthians 6:11 ) .
3 . “ Therefore , official church pronouncements that condone the very sins that keep people out of the kingdom of God are evil .
They dishonor God , contradict Scripture and implicitly promote damnation where salvation is freely offered .
4. “ Jesus Christ controls the wind , including all tornados .
‘ Who then is this , that even the wind and the sea obey him ? ’ ( Mark 4:41 ) .
5 . “ When asked about a seemingly random calamity near Jerusalem where 18 people were killed , Jesus answered in general terms — an answer that would cover calamities in Minneapolis , Taiwan or Baghdad .
God ’s message is repent , because none of us will otherwise escape God ’s judgment .
Jesus :
‘ Those eighteen on whom the tower in Siloam fell and killed them : do you think that they were worse offenders than all the others who lived in Jerusalem ?
No , I tell you ; but unless you repent , you will all likewise perish . ’
( Luke 13:4 - 5 )
6 . “ Conclusion :
The tornado in Minneapolis was a gentle but firm warning to the ELCA and all of us : Turn from the approval of sin .
Turn from the promotion of behaviors that lead to destruction .
Reaffirm the great Lutheran heritage of allegiance to the truth and authority of Scripture .
Turn back from distorting the grace of God into sensuality .
Rejoice in the pardon of the cross of Christ and its power to transform left and right wing sinners . ”
Thousands of infertile couples could be spared the pain , anguish and expense of fruitless IVF treatments , thanks to the discovery of a lock - and - key mechanism between sperm and egg cells .
The research could explain why so many couples with no apparent reproductive problems are unable to conceive .
Although more than 40,000 in vitro fertilisation cycles are prescribed in Britain each year , only 10,000 births result .
In addition to the £ 5,000 cost of each cycle , the couples face huge amounts of stress and can suffer severe depression and in some cases divorce .
" Our work has quite a lot of relevance for humans and society and one of the main ones is infertility , " said Dr Martin Brinkworth , a member of the team at the universities of Bradford and Leeds that discovered the lock - and - key mechanism .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some 15 per cent of couples have trouble conceiving , about half of them because the man has a problem .
But in only one third of cases is the cause obvious , such as a low sperm count , malformation or poor swimming ability .
This leaves 2 per cent of the male population , about 330,000 adult men in the UK ( not all of whom will be trying to have children ) , who are infertile for no discernable reason .
Dr David Miller at the University of Leeds thinks the secret could be that the genetic keys in their sperm do n't quite fit their partners ' locks .
" Our research offers a plausible explanation for why some sperm malfunction , " he said .
His colleague Dr David Iles added : " There is a definite pattern to the way DNA is packaged in sperm cells .
It is the same in unrelated fertile men , but it is different in the sperm of infertile men . "
If a test could be developed to identify these men , up to a quarter of women who have intrusive fertility checks would be spared the procedures .
It could also sharply decrease the 75 per cent failure rate of IVF by filtering out male candidates who have no chance of success .
Private patients and the NHS could save as much as £ 50 m a year if all cases of male infertility were identified in advance .
The Leeds - Bradford research , and parallel work by a US team at the University of Utah , fundamentally changes our understanding of the importance sperm has in the developing embryo .
Although the egg and sperm each supply half the DNA for the new baby , the egg provides all the cellular support systems , including enzymes and proteins .
Until now , it was thought that sperm simply delivered the father 's tightly packed DNA to the egg , leaving control and regulation of the process to the mother 's DNA .
But the two teams of scientists , have found that some genes are left exposed in sperm , in an " open conformation " , allowing them to play an important role in the development of the embryo .
" It contradicts the dogma that the egg does everything , " said Dr Brinkworth , a senior lecturer at the University of Bradford .
The British team has also identified how these " open " areas are formed and evidence that they can be read by the egg , suggesting that they act as a signature or key , revealing the species the sperm comes from and signalling whether the DNA is in good shape .
Although no clinical test is available now , the researchers are hopeful that one can be developed after they 've identified all the DNA bases in the open areas , some of which might be usable as markers .
The molecule at the heart of the lock - and - key mechanism is a protein called CTCF , say the scientists in a paper published in the journal Genome Research .
" CTCF sets the stage during sperm development , " said Dr Iles .
" And open bases can be recognised by CTCF in the egg . "
If stretched out end to end , the DNA from a single human cell would be about 1.8 m long .
But in the cell nucleus , it is wrapped around molecules called histones , which link up to form an efficient three - dimensional scaffold , 40,000 times shorter than the unfolded DNA .
Histones also play a role in turning genes on so that their coded instructions can be copied and sent to other parts of the cell .
But sperm do n't have elaborate cells , just a tightly packed nucleus and a tail for swimming to the egg .
So when they form , the histones are stripped off and replaced with another molecule called protamine , which shapes the DNA into an even tighter bundle , where the genes can not be read .
The British researchers have found , however , that CTCF protects some histones in sperm from being replaced , leaving about 4 per cent of the genome in an open conformation , so that its instructions can be copied .
Since the pattern of exposed areas is not random , they believe it must have a purpose , and the simplest explanation is that it is a key that influences the developing embryo even before the father 's genetic contribution has been unpacked .
The discovery has implications for research in fields other than human reproduction .
Although the bulk of their work involved 50 million human sperm cells from several donors , the Bradford - Leeds team also found similar structures in mouse sperm .
The lock - and - key mechanism could help to explain how closely related species maintain their separate identities , even when individual members have sex .
" DNA from different organisms can be extremely similar , " said Dr Iles .
" Why do they not produce offspring , or if they do , why is it sterile , like mules and donkeys ? "
The team speculates that this may have been the fate of prehistoric couplings between humans and their close cousins , Neanderthals , with incompatible keys and locks ensuring that any offspring would be unable to breed .
This would explain why the human genome has no trace of Neanderthal DNA despite the two similar species living close together for millennia .
The misery of unexplained infertility
Susan Seenan is deputy chief executive of the Infertility Network UK
About a third of the couples we speak to suffer from unexplained infertility , which can often be harder to deal with .
I think men find it particularly difficult if they find out they 're infertile .
In general men find it very hard to talk about infertility and there 's a stigma attached ; some still see it as a slight on their manhood if they can't have a child .
At least with a low sperm count or blocked fallopian tubes a couple can try to find a solution and they know what they 're dealing with .
But when it 's unexplained it 's stressful .
It can be difficult for other people to understand what 's wrong with you ; the longer time that goes by without conceiving , the more stressed you get .
When it 's unexplained there 's always a hope that it might happen naturally , so the emotional impact of the disappointment every month when you have n't conceived is really tough .
At least if you know what 's wrong you know where you stand .
If you have a proven cause of infertility then you can be eligible for NHS treatment , but those whose infertility is unexplained have to wait for three years .
That can be a long time when you 're older and time is not on your side .
www.infertilitynetworkuk.com
Most studies of Broca ’s area in human brains have concluded that it is larger on the left side than the right , which seems to correlate with the finding that 94 % of right - handers do most of their speech and language processing on the left sides of their brains .
Scientists had long assumed that this asymmetrical enlargement of Broca ’s area in humans was key to language abilities .
But in 2001 , researchers led by William Hopkins , a primate neuroanatomist at Emory University in Atlanta , began reporting that the brains of many apes also had asymmetrical Broca ’s areas .
The first such report , in the 29 November 2001 issue of Nature , found enlarged left - side Broca ’s areas in the brains of chimpanzees , bonobos , and gorillas .
And in a 2008 paper in Current Biology , Hopkins and his colleagues reported that Broca ’s area is activated in chimp brains when they communicate with gestures or vocalizations .
Hopkins and his co-workers concluded that the enlargement of Broca ’s area , and its role in communication , began before the chimp - human split and was not unique to humans .
Why do n’t chimpanzees have language the way humans do ?
Researchers are confident that it has something to do with differences in their brains that arose sometime in the past 5 million to 7 million years , when the chimp and human lines went their evolutionary ways .
But exactly what differences account for human language are not entirely clear .
Size might have something to do with it , because the modern human brain is about 3.6 times as big as that of a chimp .
And yet chimp brains appear to share many features with their human counterparts , including a frontal lobe region called Broca ’s area ( purple in image ) that in humans is closely associated with speech and language .
The new study , led by evolutionary neuroanatomist Chet Sherwood of George Washington University in Washington , D.C. , finds that Broca ’s area in the chimpanzee brain does not show a clear asymmetry .
And here ’s a surprise :
One of the co-authors is none other than William Hopkins .
How can researchers come up with such conflicting results on such a fundamental issue , one important to understanding the evolution of language ?
The answer lies largely with the difficulties in studying Broca ’s area .
For starters , researchers do not always agree about exactly what part of the frontal lobe should be included under that name .
Thus , many brain experts define Broca ’s area as two adjacent regions , called Brodmann ’s areas 44 and 45 , which have been associated respectively with the verbal production of speech and giving meaning to speech .
But others have included a somewhat larger area in their studies , called the inferior frontal gyrus ( IFG ) , which includes areas 44 and 45 but a few other structures as well , such as Brodmann ’s area 47 .
Hopkins ’s 2008 study , for example focused on the IFG , whereas his 2001 study targetted only area 44 .
Another obstacle is that there is great variation among both humans and chimps in the sizes of their Broca ’s areas , how asymmetric they are , and even their exact location in the brain .
Thus , one key study in 10 humans ( five male and five female ) , led by neuroanatomist Katrin Amunts of the Institute of Medicine in Jülich , Germany , found that area 44 was larger on the left side of the brain in all subjects , but the difference was only statistically significant for the men — whereas area 45 was only significantly larger on the left side for the women !
( Nevertheless , this study did confirm the overall enlargement of Broca ’s area on the left side . )
For the new study , Sherwood and his colleagues focused primarily on areas 44 and 45 .
The team studied the brains of 12 chimpanzees that had lived at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Atlanta .
Within 14 hours of each chimp ’s death , its brain was removed and preserved to avoid shrinkage and other artifacts ; it was then scanned with MRI and eventually sectioned into tissue blocks .
The boundaries of Brodmann ’s areas 44 and 45 were defined using special software , and parameters including the volume of Broca ’s area and the number of neurons it contained were measured .
The team found that although some of the chimps had what they called “ notable asymmetry ” in their Broca ’s areas — defined as more than a 10 % difference in volume or number of neurons between the two sides of their brains — there was no consistent pattern in the direction of the asymmetry .
In other words , there was no evidence that chimps have enlarged Broca ’s areas on the left side of their brains as humans do .
As for why the new study differs with Hopkins ’s previous work , the researchers suggested , among several possibilities , that the earlier studies — which relied upon MRI but not additional tissue sectioning to more exactly define areas 44 and 45 — might have picked up differences in underlying white matter , which forms connections with other parts of the brain rather than restricting itself to the gray matter of Broca ’s area , where speech processing takes place .
If so , the team concludes , the common ancestor of chimps and humans may have evolved symmetries in white matter connectivity before the chimp - human split , possibly associated with gestural or vocal communication , and only afterward did the speech - and language - processing areas themselves become asymmetric .
Although Hopkins , as a co-author of the paper , signed off on this suggestion , he told me in an e-mail that he thinks the jury is still out on whether the Broca ’s area of chimps is really asymmetric .
For example , he thinks that the team ’s data could still be interpreted to indicate that area 44 in chimps is larger on the left side , although probably not area 45 .
“ I think there is much more to the Broca ’s story , ” Hopkins says .
Dean Falk , an anthropologist at Florida State University in Tallahassee , told me that although the paper has “ important implications , ” she is not convinced by the authors ’ suggestions about why the new results differ from Hopkins ’s earlier work .
Falk thinks the researchers should have included Brodmann ’s area 47 in their study because , she says , this area “ is now known to be important in semantic processing and might even be more important for evolutionary studies ” than areas 44 and 45 .
Nevertheless , the authors say that their results argue anew for human uniqueness .
Although the human brain is 3.6 times larger than the chimp brain , they say , the new work shows that on average the left - brain Brodmann ’s area 44 is 6.6 times larger in humans and left - brain Brodmann ’s area 45 is 6.0 times larger than in chimpanzees .
“ Because areas 44 and 45 are among the most greatly expanded cortical areas yet identified in humans , ” the team writes , “ this evidence supports the conclusion that enlargement of Broca ’s area on the left side is an evolutionary specialization . ”
In another attempt to break the crippling Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip , a group of ' Viva Palestina ' activists has arrived in Egypt on a humanitarian mission .
About 100 US activists with tons of medical supplies arrived in Egypt on Sunday on their way to Gaza , hoping to break the deadly Israeli - Egyptian blockade of the territory -- home to 1.5 million Palestinians .
The activists are part of a convoy of at least 200 people - all Americans - planned to be in Gaza by July 13 .
The convoy will head to the border after the rest of the group and supplies arrive .
British lawmaker George Galloway , who led a convoy that broke a Gaza blockade in March , has organized the group , and it will be one of the largest groups of US activists to reach the strip since 2007 when Hamas took control of the coastal territory .
Egypt and Israel have sealed their borders with the seaside territory since then leaving thousands of Gazans in desperate need of life 's essentials .
It is not clear whether Cairo , which has rarely opened the Rafah crossing , would allow the aid convoy to enter the territory via Rafah .
According to a recent report by the International Committee of the Red Cross , the crippling Israeli - led blockade , which has prevented supplies from reaching Gaza , has created a dire humanitarian situation in the region .
The humanitarian agency says seriously ill patients are not receiving the treatment they need and thousands of Gazans whose homes were destroyed during Israel 's three - week Christmas war are still without shelter .
Last week , Israeli forces detained a group of foreign activists , including former US congresswoman and Nobel Prize laureate Cynthia McKinney , as they were heading to Gaza on a humanitarian mission and confiscated tons of medicine - as well as toys , crayons and olive trees - destined for the besieged people of Gaza .
There 's one big question you need to ask when presented with the technological enhancement of an art form : " Is it Smell - O - Vision ? " Remember Smell - O- Vision ?
No ?
Well , that 's my point .
This revolution in cinema was based on the idea that the experience would be more immersive if , say , a love scene was accompanied by the scent of roses being pumped through the theatre 's air - conditioning ; or that when the zombies showed up , the theatre would be alive with rotting haddock .
Everyone hated it , of course .
They emerged from cinemas smelling of fishy roses .
Likewise , there was a time around the middle of the last century when the world was briefly convinced 3D was the future of cinema .
Red and blue spectacles , it was imagined , would be routinely employed to watch a film .
Flat projection would be a historical curio .
In the event , of course , the 3D craze gave us the nadir of the Jaws franchise and a short - lived comic strip called Adolescent Radioactive Black - Belt Hamsters .
Which brings us to Enhanced Editions , a new e-book project cooked up by Peter Collingridge of the digital design company Apt Studio , currently working in partnership with Canongate .
Later this month , Nick Cave 's new novel The Death of Bunny Munro – the story of a sex-maniac travelling salesman taking his last road trip – goes to market through the iPhone App Store , in an enhanced edition that is being launched before the print version .
The Enhanced Edition does some of the things we 're now accustomed to seeing as standard in electronic texts : you can faff with fonts , change colour , bookmark it , and so on ; and there 's some smart social networking stuff attached .
But it also includes enhancements that could have a noticeable effect on the experience of reading .
Instead of paginating the book conventionally , it 's presented as a continuous vertical scroll ( one geek - pleasing trick is that you can adjust the scrolling speed with the angle of tilt of the phone ) , and the App includes an audiobook that syncs with the written text .
Pop on the headphones , thumb the screen and Cave 's voice picks up where you left off .
This is interesting .
It could be regarded as a gimmick , but if it catches on , it will subtly change the way we experience fiction .
If you half - read , half - listen to a book , your experience of reading will partly be shaped by the voice of the audiobook ; your memories of the text will be coloured by how you took it in , passage by passage .
The other thing is that it comes with a soundtrack , composed by Cave and Warren Ellis , one of his Bad Seeds .
Soundtracked novels : now that really will change the experience .
Could the soundtracked novel be to fiction what song is to verse ?
Or could it be what Smell - O - Vision was to cinema ?
Inevitably , some authors – like Cave – will be more suitable for the treatment than others .
I can't see a huge market for an iPhone edition of Hotel du Lac , with Anita Brookner improvising scat jazz accompanied by a steel band .
So , some whiffs of roses and haddock .
But the breadth of the package , it seems to me , is at the very least a weathervane .
There 's no ignoring the fact that the e-book will , not too far from now , compete with the paperback ; and the likelihood is that some readers wo n't just use them to read .
It 's a longstanding truism to say that every reader reads a different book .
As more packages like this find their way to market , the book itself , as well as its readings , will become more plural , more blurred , and less monolithically booky .
Smells good to me .
The internet has turned us all into open books .
We blog about how much we hate work and Twitter about our latest bowel movements .
With our friends , there are no secrets or boundaries anymore .
However , I think there 's still a stigma about sharing this info with mom and dad .
Unfortunately , there 's nothing you can do .
Facebook was once limited to college students .
Now they 've opened the floodgates , turning their site into the most popular social network ever -- but that means parents can get profiles too .
That 's probably the best reason possible to join the Facebook Has Jumped The Shark .
So mom 's got a profile .
Now what ?
Well , it 's tricky .
When MySpace became uncool , we jumped to Facebook .
However , there is n't currently an heir apparent to Facebook .
Twitter is popular , but does n't have all the features of Facebook , like all those wonderful zombie bite applications .
Having an unironic Friendster account is pretty much unthinkable .
What is Bebo ?
Since jumping to another site is n't an option , and your social life is totally Facebook - centric , I see three options : 1 . Continue using Facebook normally , even though your mom will see that you wrote " now spread those ass cheeks , lol " as a comment on a girl 's photo .
( She 'll call you and ask , " so who is this girl ? " )
2. Continue using Facebook , but watch what you post .
Knowing that your mom sees the links you post on your Wall , you 'll decide to refrain from posting that link to the clown porn site .
Just send it to friends via AIM or Twitter .
It 's not as much fun , but you do n't want to be asked about your " disturbing sexual preferences " next time you go home .
3 . Reject your mom's friend request .
This is not for the faint of heart , but you could be honest and say that your Facebook face is n't the mug you want to show your family .
On the one hand , your honesty might be refreshing and you can earn your digital freedom .
On the other hand , " you REJECTED a friend request from YOUR OWN MOTHER ? " * Shudder *
What did I do when my mom friended me ?
Well , I 'm pretty polite on Facebook , so I 'm cool with her getting my status updates .
It 's my Flickr account that 'd make her " plotz . "
Like This !
Tweet This !
Tweet Stumbles : 3166 3 k
Impatiens namchabarwensis .
Named after the canyon in which it was found , an area of Tibet that began to be explored as recently as the mid-1990s , the rare plant can grow 60 cm tall and flowers all year round .
The colour of the flower seems to change with temperature and exposure .
They sometimes appear truly blue when in a cool climate and change to purple when temperatures rise ; a characteristic unique for this species among impatiens
Photograph : Elayne Takemoto / WWF
Nepal
In India 's current ruling government , 6 of the cabinet ministers are open atheists .
It is to be noted that they took the oath in the name of the constitution whereas the rest of the ministers took oath in the name of god .
The Atheist ministers are ,
I have been doing a lot of fact checking at work , and in the process I have run across two presumed lesbians of historical note : Lizzie Borden and Louisa May Alcott .
Borden was acquitted of the 1892 murder of her penny - pinching father and disagreeable stepmother .
By all accounts , the pair was unpleasant at best , and Borden had a strained relationship with them .
While there are several theories on who , why and how the murders were committed , Lizzie by Evan Hunter theorizes that Borden was having an affair with the Irish maid ( extremely scandalous for the time ) and her stepmother found out , so of course she had to kill her .
Oh , and her father too for good measure .
Another possible theory is the maid killed the couple and Lizzie kept her mouth shut because they were having an affair .
Either way , it still is n’t definitively known what happened that day , but there is other evidence that indicates Lizzie was a lezzie .
She kept company with some scandalous characters including Nance O’Neil , an actress who was thought of as an overt lesbian .
In fact , a party she threw for O’Neil disgraced Borden ’s sister so much that she moved out of the family home to avoid the shindig .
Borden was also an active member in the pre-suffrage group Women ’s Christian Temperance Union , a precursor to the National Organization for Women .
Alcott , on the other hand , is a bit less scandalous .
Her novel Little Women , which many suspect is an autobiography laced with Alcott ’s dream of the perfect family , did have a strong female character who was determined to transgress her gender roles to become a writer .
Jo was also a bit of a tomboy , dressed in men ’s clothing from time to time and wanted to just be friends with the dreamy boy next door who was in love with her .
However , that is n’t enough to deduce Alcott ’s sexuality .
That leads to he Penguin Classic ’s edition of Little Women , which states the following in the introduction : “ In an interview with the writer Louise Chandler Moulton , [ Alcott ] later commented with pre-Freudian candor on her own feelings : ‘ I am more than half - persuaded that I am a man ’s soul , put by some freak of nature into a woman ’s body …
Because I have fallen in love in my life with so many pretty girls and never once the least bit with any man . ' ”
Now I am not quite sure what the context of this quote is , but that is pretty striking evidence .
But , all told , women of a certain age during these times who did not marry are usually suspected to be lesbians regardless of any other evidence .
I suppose we shall never really know .
The last time I said that , the Society tried to sue me and my web hosts for defamation .
So let ’s say it again .
They are a shambles and a bad joke .
Worse , their irresponsible behaviour puts lives at risk .
Today the World Health Organisation condemned the use of homeopathy for dangerous diseases such as malaria , AIDS and childhood diarrhea .
It has taken a very long time for them to do this and has been a result of a campaign by the Voice of Young Science to draw attention to the murderous practices of Western homeopaths in Africa who dish out useless sugar pills in an attempt to prevent and cure these fatal diseases .
The Society of Homeopaths have been at the root of the problem here .
Many of the homeopaths involved in this dangerously misguided enterprise are members of the Society and they have done nothing to stop their members from exporting their healing fantasies to some of the most vulnerable people in the world .
Indeed , the Society hold conferences highlighting the use of sugar pills for such illnesses .
They refuse to uphold their own code of conduct when these excesses are pointed out and they legally threaten people like me who shine a light into their shenaningans .
So , how do the Society respond to the WHO issuing this warning ?
Their press release is a text book example of disingenuousness , cherry picking and diversion .
They say ,
[ B]oth the BBC and WHO have failed to acknowledge the evidence base for the use of homeopathy in the treatment of childhood diarrhoea in which , using randomised , double - blinded trials , the results were significant versus placebo ( 1 ) .
They then cite two studies and a meta- analysis .
It is worth quoting them in full …
Treatment of acute childhood diarrhoea in Nicaragua
This trial involved 81 children aged from 6 months to 5 years in a randomised , double - blind trial of intravenous fluids plus placebo versus intravenous fluids plus homeopathic remedy individualised to the patient .
The treatment group had a statistically significant decrease in duration of diarrhoea .
Jacobs J. Treatment of acute childhood diarrhoea with homeopathic medicine : a randomized clinical trial in Nicaragua .
Pediatrics 1994 ; 93 : 719-725 .
Treatment of acute childhood diarrhoea , repeated in Nepal
In a replication of a trial carried out in Nicaragua in 1994 , 116 Nepalese children aged 6 months to 5 years suffering from diarrhoea were given an individualised homoeopathic medicine or placebo .
Treatment by homoeopathy showed a significant improvement in the condition in comparison to placebo .
Jacobs J. , Jimenez M. , Malthouse S. , Chapman E. , Crothers D. , Masuk M. , Jonas W.B. , Acute Childhood Diarrhoea- A Replication . , Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine , 6 , 2000 , 131-139 .
A meta-analysis of childhood diarrhoea trials
This meta-analysis of 242 children showed a highly significant result in the duration of childhood diarrhoea ( P=0.008 ) .
It should be noted that the World Health Organisation consider childhood diarrhoea to be the number one public health problem today because of the millions of children who die every year from dehydration from diarrhoea .
J. Jacobs , WB Jonas , M Jimenez - Perez , D Crothers , Homeopathy for Childhood Diarrhea : Combined Results and Meta- analysis from Three Randomized , Controlled Clinical Trials
Let ’s be a little bit more comprehensive .
The Society have cherry picked their studies and failed to acknowledge the sticking points .
Here are all the trials published on childhood diarrhoea and homeopathy , including the ones the Society failed to mention .
1. Jacobs J , Jimenez LM , Gloyd SS , et al .
Treatment of acute childhood diarrhea with homeopathic medicine : a randomized clinical trial in Nicaragua .
Pediatrics .
1994;93:719–725 .
2. Jacobs J , Jimenez LM , Malthouse S , et al .
Homeopathic treatment of acute childhood diarrhea : results from a clinical trial in Nepal .
J Altern Complement Med. 2000 ;6:131–139 .
3. Jacobs J , Jimenez LM , Gloyd SS , et al .
Homeopathic treatment of acute childhood diarrhea : a randomized clinical trial in Nicaragua .
Br Homeopath J. 1993;82:83 –86 .
4. Jacobs J , Guthrie BL , Montes GA et al .
Homeopathic combination remedy in the treatment of acute childhood diarrhea in honduras .
J Altern Complement Med. 2006;12:723-32 .
The obvious thing is that they have all been done by the same author .
So , an alarm bell should ring that these studies have not been independently replicated .
The first of these studies was perhaps the most important , being published in a real journal , and not a CAM comic , and showing a ‘ significant ’ effect .
The next issue of the journal contained a rather damning critique ,
http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/cgi/content/abstract/96/5/961
Analysis of Homeopathic Treatment of Childhood Diarrhea by Sampspon and London .
They concluded ,
“ In summary : 1 ) The study used an unreliable and unproved diagnostic and therapeutic scheme ; 2 ) There was no control for product adulteration ; 3 ) Treatment selection was arbitrary ; 4 ) The data were placed into odd groupings without explanation , and contained errors and unexplained inconsistencies ;
5 ) The results were not clinically significant and were probably not statistically significant ;
6 ) There was no public health significance ;
7 ) Selection of references was incomplete and biased to support the claims of the article , and references were quoted inaccurately ; and 8 ) Editorializations were inappropriate . ”
When Jacobs did her own metaanalysis of the first three trials she acknowledged the lack of statistical power in these studies and recommended larger trials .
She did the fourth larger trial ( which was also of better quality ) and surprise surprise ,
The homeopathic combination therapy tested in this study did not significantly reduce the duration or severity of acute diarrhea in Honduran children .
The result of this careful study was that the homeopathic treatment was no better than a placebo .
But the homeopath authors do not conclude that homeopath did not work , they speculate the tablets had not been stored properly or that the wrong combination of sugar pills was made .
At no point do they propose as a possibility that homeopathy can have absolutely no effect on a third - world child with the squits .
And joking aside , diarrhea kills hundreds of thousands of children around the world , so intellectual honesty in studies like this , is not an optional add - on .
The Society of Homeopaths have failed to note these severe shortcomings .
I can only conclude that the Society of Homeopaths are intellectually dishonest and only interested in misrepresenting science for the sake of their shabby trade .
The Society cannot be trusted to give meaningful health advice and to rein in the dangerous practices of their members .
In giving out this misleading press release , the Society once again endanger children ’s lives .
A Thought Experiment :
You walk into your home to find an armed intruder threatening to shoot your spouse and children , trapped with nowhere to run .
Fortunately , you have a gun .
You try to negotiate , but the intruder is in no mood to talk .
His intention is murder .
You have seconds to decide .
What do you do ?
For many , the answer is clear .
You fight to save your family .
And most of us would call that self defense .
Most Christians would agree that any action would be not only morally permissible , but also morally required .
Now imagine another scenario :
You are a CIA interrogator facing an avowed terrorist who was caught in the act of preparing for murder .
You know he has information about a plot to blow up an unidentified building in a large American city .
Innocent lives hang in the balance .
For hours you have attempted to extract the life - saving information from him , but to no avail .
The last option is one you believe will work : water - boarding , but you have only a few minutes to decide .
What do you do ?
Again , for most of us , the answer is clear .
You do what you have to do to save those innocent lives , which in this case means water - boarding the terrorist .
You are saving other people 's families .
In the continuing debate over the morality of enhanced interrogation , an essential consideration is often overlooked : intent .
For Christians , intent is integral to determining whether and when certain techniques , including water - boarding , are morally permissible .
Historically , various forms of harsh interrogation have been employed as a means to punish , humiliate , intimidate , exact revenge or force a confession .
Consider Cuba , where for half a century torture has been used to punish , humiliate and intimidate those who speak out against the ruling Marxist regime and for democratic values and basic human rights .
In an interview for this piece , Cuban Eleno Oviedo recalled the torture he experienced as a political prisoner of 26 years in Castro 's prisons .
" I was stripped in a cell and left in solitary confinement for the first 126 days , " he said about the time after his initial abduction .
The regime 's intention , Oviedo said , was to get him to confess to being a CIA agent .
Oviedo , who now lives in the United States , said that other political prisoners were left naked for weeks at a time .
Some prisoners ' fingers were cut or had their fingernails torn off .
Others received beatings so severe that they died .
And " three - hundred times I heard prisoners being executed " by firing squad , Oviedo recalled .
And the torture continues .
The horrors of Castro 's gulag make us recoil in disgust , and their intentions and methods of torture should be rejected by a just society .
However , the issue which has been ignored to date in the discussion of enhanced interrogation is whether there is a difference between inflicting pain for its own sake or using some harsher methods with deliberation when lives are on the line .
When the intent is to extract information necessary to save human beings in imminent danger , harsh treatment may be justified and , I believe , sometimes necessary .
Just War
Theory offers criteria for Christians to consider when determining under what circumstances enhanced interrogations may be justified .
With roots in Greek and Roman philosophy , Just War Theory was given a Christian formulation in the Fourth Century when St. Augustine applied biblical principles to this very human question :
When is war justified ?
The Christian Just War Doctrine derives from a need to reconcile various Bible passages .
Jesus tells us to " turn the other cheek " ( Matt : 5:39 ) , but he also told the apostles " let him who has no sword sell his mantel and buy one " ( Luke 22:36 ) .
Also , in the Old Testament 's book of Ecclesiastes we are told that there is " a time to kill . "
Under Just War
Theory , a war is just only if it is defensive and meets four strict conditions .
The requirements are : that the damage inflicted by the aggressor must be lasting , grave and certain ; that there must be serious prospects of success ; that all other means of ending the war must be shown to be impractical or ineffective ; and that the use of force cannot produce evils graver than those to be eliminated .
Applying the first of the criterion to the water - boarding debate , we can better analyze the proverbial ticking time - bomb scenario .
It is an extreme example , but it is not as rare as some suggest .
Israeli authorities say they have thwarted dozens of imminent terrorist attacks saving countless civilian lives .
These successes with water - boarding and other enhanced interrogation also help fulfill the second requirement of just war , that there must be serious prospects of success .
The CIA 's water - boarding of al Qaeda leader Khalid Sheik Mohammed ( KSM ) compelled him to reveal information that allowed the U.S. government to thwart a planned attack on Los Angeles .
CIA officials have stated that they would not have been able to obtain critical information to prevent attacks without the use of enhanced interrogation including water - boarding .
They had tried other means and failed .
Reports recently released by the Justice Department state that information elicited from KSM " dramatically expanded our universe of knowledge of Al Qaeda 's plots . "
Former CIA director George Tenet has said , " From our interrogation of KSM and other senior al Qaeda members . . . we learned many things .
For example , more than 20 plots had been put in motion by al Qaeda against U.S. infrastructure targets , including communications nodes , nuclear power plants , dams , bridges and tunnels . "
The third criterion is that all other means of ending the war must be impractical or ineffective .
CIA memos revealed that less harsh interrogation was always used before water - boarding was employed .
Methods used included stress positions , loud music and confinement in small spaces , but those tools were not enough .
The fourth criterion might be the most difficult to meet .
It is that the use of force cannot produce evils greater than those to be eliminated .
In the case of Mohammad , innocent lives were saved as a consequence of the information received by interrogation officials after water boarding , which , as agonizing as it can be , leaves no long - term physical effects on the prisoners .
In fact , some of our own soldiers are water - boarded as part of their training .
It is vital in times like these to have a vigorous debate about how best to defend our nation .
Christians especially are troubled by the reality that " the heart is deceitfully wicked , and who can know it ? "
We need to let the light of public debate shine into the darkness of the dangers we are confronting and of the temptations in the hearts of men and women to go too far against an enemy committed to our destruction .
Enhanced interrogation is not to be considered lightly , but the use of enhanced interrogation techniques does not require moral people to abandon their beliefs .
Rather , it is precisely during these difficult times that one 's beliefs about life , justice and mercy become indispensible .
Just War
Theory applied to the thorny issue of torture acknowledges the dignity of all human life and the abhorrence of torture .
But it also creates a set of conditions that , if met , justify the use of force to save innocent lives facing imminent death .
Regionalism used in Latin America : all the countries in South America , Central America , and the Caribbean .
Does not include Spain .
One of the great features of modern programming languages is structural pattern matching on algebraic data types .
Once you ’ve used this feature , you do n’t ever want to program without it .
You will find this in languages like Haskell and Scala .
In Scala , algebraic types are provided by case classes .
For example :
sealed trait Tree case object Empty extends
Tree case class Leaf ( n : Int ) extends
Tree case class Node(l : Tree , r : Tree ) extends Tree
To define operations over this algebraic data type , we use pattern matching on its structure :
def depth(t : Tree ) : Int = t match { case Empty => 0 case Leaf (n ) => 1 case Node(l , r ) => 1 + max ( depth(l ) , depth( r ) ) }
When I go back to a programming language like , say , Java , I find myself wanting this feature .
Unfortunately , algebraic data types are n’t provided in Java .
However , a great many hacks have been invented over the years to emulate it , knowingly or not .
The Ugly : Interpreter and Visitor
What I have used most throughout my career to emulate pattern matching in languages that lack it are a couple of hoary old hacks .
These venerable and well respected practises are a pair of design patterns from the GoF book : Interpreter and Visitor .
The Interpreter pattern really does describe an algebraic structure , and it provides a method of reducing ( interpreting ) the structure .
However , there are a couple of problems with it .
The interpretation is coupled to the structure , with a “ context ” passed from term to term , and each term must know how to mutate the context appropriately .
That ’s minus one point for tight coupling , and minus one for relying on mutation .
The Visitor pattern addresses the former of these concerns .
Given an algebraic structure , we can define an interface with one “ visit ” method per type of term , and have each term accept a visitor object that implements this interface , passing it along to the subterms .
This decouples the interpretation from the structure , but still relies on mutation .
Minus one point for mutation , and minus one for the fact that Visitor is incredibly crufty .
For example , to get the depth of our tree structure above , we have to implement a TreeDepthVisitor .
A good IDE that generates boilerplate for you is definitely recommended if you take this approach .
On the plus side , both of these patterns provide some enforcement of the exhaustiveness of the pattern match .
For example , if you add a new term type , the Interpreter pattern will enforce that you implement the interpretation method .
For Visitor , as long as you remember to add a visitation method for the new term type to the visitor interface , you will be forced to update your implementations accordingly .
The Bad : Instanceof
An obvious approach that ’s often sneered at is runtime type discovery .
A quick and dirty way to match on types is to simply check for the type at runtime and cast :
public static int depth( Tree t) { if ( t instanceof Empty ) return 0 ; if ( t instanceof Leaf ) return 1 ; if ( t instanceof Node ) return 1 + max ( depth ( ( ( Node ) t ) . left ) , depth ( ( ( Node ) t) .right ) ) ; throw new RuntimeException ( " Inexhaustive pattern match on Tree . " ) ; }
There are some obvious problems with this approach .
For one thing , it bypasses the type system , so you lose any static guarantees that it ’s correct .
And there ’s no enforcement of the exhaustiveness of the matching .
But on the plus side , it ’s both fast and terse .
The Good : Functional Style
There are at least two approaches that we can take to approximate pattern matching in Java more closely than the above methods .
Both involve utilising parametric polymorphism and functional style .
Let ’s consider them in order of increasing preference , i.e. less preferred method first .
Safe and Terse – Disjoint Union Types
The first approach is based on the insight that algebraic data types represent a disjoint union of types .
Now , if you ’ve done any amount of programming in Java with generics , you will have come across ( or invented ) the simple pair type , which is a conjunction of two types :
public abstract class P2 < A , B > { public A _ 1 ( ) ; public B _ 2 ( ) ; }
A value of this type can only be created if you have both a value of type A and a value of type B .
So ( conceptually , at least ) it has a single constructor that takes two values .
The disjunction of two types is a similar idea , except that a value of type Either < A , B > can be constructed with either a value of type A or a value of type B :
public final class Either < A , B > { ... public static < A , B > Either < A , B > left ( A a ) { ... } public static < A , B > Either < A , B > right ( B a ) { ... } ... }
Encoded as a disjoint union type , then , our Tree data type above is : Either < Empty , Either < Leaf , Node > >
Let ’s see that in context .
Here ’s the code .
public abstract class Tree { // Constructor private so the type is sealed .
private Tree ( ) {} public abstract Either < Empty , Either < Leaf , Node >> toEither ( ) ; public static final class Empty extends
Tree { public < T> T toEither ( ) { return left ( this ) ; } public Empty ( ) {} } public static final class Leaf extends
Tree { public final int n ; public Either < Empty , Either < Leaf , Node >> toEither ( ) { return right ( Either . < Leaf , Node > left ( this ) ) ; } public Leaf ( int n ) { this .n = n ; } } public static final class Node extends
Tree { public final Tree left ; public final Tree right ; public Either < Empty , Either < Leaf , Node >> toEither ( ) { return right ( Either . < Leaf , Node > right ( this ) ) ; } public Node ( Tree left , Tree right ) { this .
left = left ; this .
right = right ; } } }
The neat thing is that Either < A , B > can be made to return both Iterable < A > and Iterable < B> in methods right ( ) and left ( ) , respectively .
One of them will be empty and the other will have exactly one element .
So our pattern matching function will look like this :
public int depth( Tree t) { Either < Empty , Either < Leaf , Node >> eln = t.toEither ( ) ; for ( Empty e : eln.left ( ) ) return 0 ; for ( Either < Leaf , Node > ln : t.toEither ( ) .right ( ) ) { for ( leaf : ln.left ( ) ) return 1 ; for ( node : ln.right ( ) ) return 1 + max ( depth(node.left ) , depth( node.right ) ) ; } throw new RuntimeException ( " Inexhaustive pattern match on Tree . " ) ; }
That ’s terse and readable , as well as type - safe .
The only issue with this is that the exhaustiveness of the patterns is not enforced , so we ’re still only discovering that error at runtime .
So it ’s not all that much of an improvement over the instanceof approach .
Safe and Exhaustive : Church Encoding
Alonzo Church was a pretty cool guy .
Having invented the lambda calculus , he discovered that you could encode data in it .
We ’ve all heard that every data type can be defined in terms of the kinds of operations that it supports .
Well , what Church discovered is much more profound than that .
A data type IS a function .
In other words , an algebraic data type is not just a structure together with an algebra that collapses the structure .
The algebra IS the structure .
Consider the boolean type .
It is a disjoint union of True and False .
What kinds of operations does this support ?
Well , you might want to do one thing if it ’s True , and another if it ’s False .
Just like with our Tree , where we wanted to do one thing if it ’s a Leaf , and another thing if it ’s a Node , etc .
But it turns out that the boolean type IS the condition function .
Consider the Church encoding of booleans :
true = λa.λb. a false = λa.λb.b
So a boolean is actually a binary function .
Given two terms , a boolean will yield the former term if it ’s true , and the latter term if it ’s false .
What does this mean for our Tree type ?
It too is a function :
empty = λa.λb.λc.a leaf = λa.λb.λc.λx.b x node = λa.λb.λc.λl.λr.c
l r
You can see that this gives you pattern matching for free .
The Tree type is a function that takes three arguments :
A value to yield if the tree is empty .
A unary function to apply to an integer if it ’s a leaf .
A binary function to apply to the left and right subtrees if it ’s a node .
The type of such a function looks like this ( Scala notation ) :
T => ( Int => T ) => ( Tree => Tree => T ) => T
Or equivalently :
( Empty => T ) => ( Leaf => T ) => ( Node => T ) => T
Translated to Java , we need this method on Tree :
public abstract < T > T match ( F < Empty , T > a , F < Leaf , T > b , F < Node , T> c ) ;
The F interface is a first - class function from Functional Java .
If you have n’t seen that before , here it is :
public interface F< A , B > { public B f( A a ) ; }
Now our
Tree code looks like this :
public abstract class Tree { // Constructor private so the type is sealed .
private Tree ( ) {} public abstract < T > T match ( F < Empty , T > a , F < Leaf , T > b , F < Node , T> c ) ; public static final class Empty extends
Tree { public < T > T match ( F < Empty , T > a , F < Leaf , T > b , F < Node , T> c ) { return a.f( this ) ; } public Empty ( ) {} } public static final class Leaf extends
Tree { public final int n ; public < T > T match ( F < Empty , T > a , F < Leaf , T > b , F < Node , T> c ) { return b.f( this ) ; } public Leaf ( int n ) { this .n = n ; } } public static final class Node extends
Tree { public final Tree left ; public final Tree right ; public < T > T match ( F < Empty , T > a , F < Leaf , T > b , F < Node , T> c ) { return c.f( this ) ; } public Node ( Tree left , Tree right ) { this .
left = left ; this .
right = right ; } } }
And we can do our pattern matching on the calling side :
public int depth( Tree t) { return t.match ( constant (0 ) , constant ( 1 ) , new F < Node , Integer > ( ) { public Integer f( Node n ) { return 1 + max ( depth ( n.left ) , depth ( n.right ) ) ; } } ) ; }
This is almost as terse as the Scala code , and very easy to understand .
Everything is checked by the type system , and we are guaranteed that our patterns are exhaustive .
This is an ideal solution .
By the way , if you ’re wondering what constant ( 0 ) means , it ’s a method that returns a function F< A , Integer > that always returns 0 , ignoring the argument .
Conclusion
With some slightly clever use of generics and a little help from our friends Church and Curry , we can indeed emulate structural pattern matching over algebraic data types in Java , to the point where it ’s almost as nice as a built - in language feature .
So throw away your Visitors and set fire to your GoF book .
CIA Crucified Captive In Abu Ghraib Prison
By Sherwood Ross The Central Intelligence Agency crucified a prisoner in Abu Ghraib prison near Baghdad , according to a report published in The New Yorker magazine .
“ A forensic examiner found that he ( the prisoner ) had essentially been crucified ; he died from asphyxiation after having been hung by his arms , in a hood , and suffering broken ribs , ” the magazine ’s Jane Mayer writes in the magazine ’s June 22nd issue .
“ Military pathologists classified the case a homicide . ”
The date of the murder was not given .
“ No criminal charges have ever been brought against any C.I.A. officer involved in the torture program , despite the fact that at least three prisoners interrogated by agency personnel died as a result of mistreatment , ” Mayer notes .
An earlier report , by John Hendren in The Los Angeles Times , indicated other torture killings .
And Human Rights
First says nearly 100 detainees have died in U.S. custody in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Hendren reported that one Manadel Jamadi died “ of blunt - force injuries ” complicated by “ compromised respiration ” at Abu Ghraib prison “ while he was with Navy SEALs and other special operations troops . ”
Another victim , Abdul Jaleel , died while gagged and shackled to a cell door with his hands over his head . ”
Yet another prisoner , Maj. Gen. Abid Mowhosh , former commander of Iraq ’s air defenses , “ died of asphyxiation due to smothering and chest compression ” in Qaim , Iraq .
" There is no question that U.S. interrogations have resulted in deaths , " says Anthony Romero , executive director of the ACLU .
" High - ranking officials who knew about the torture and sat on their hands and those who created and endorsed these policies must be held accountable .
America must stop putting its head in the sand and deal with the torture scandal . "
At least scores of detainees in U.S. custody have died and homicide is suspected .
As far back as May , 2004 , the Pentagon conceded at least 37 deaths of prisoners in its custody in Iraq and Afghanistan had prompted investigations .
Nathaniel Raymond , of Physicians for Human Rights , told The New Yorker , “ We still do n’t know how many detainees were in the black sites , or who they were .
We do n’t fully know the White House ’s role , or the C.I.A. ’s role .
We need a full accounting , especially as it relates to health professionals . ”
Recently released Justice memos , he noted , contain numerous references to CIA medical personnel participating in coercive interrogation sessions .
“ They were the designers , the legitimizers , and the implementers , ” Raymond said .
“ This is arguably the single greatest medical - ethics scandal in American history .
We need answers . ”
The ACLU obtained its information from the Pentagon through a Freedom of Information suit .
Documents received included 44 autopsies and death reports as well as a summary of autopsy reports of people seized in Iraq and Afghanistan .
An ACLU statement noted , " This covers just a fraction of the total number of Iraqis and Afghanis who have died while in U.S. custody . "
( Italics added ) .
Torture by the CIA has been facilitated by the Agency ’s ability to hide prisoners in “ black sites ” kept secret from the Red Cross , to hold prisoners off the books , and to detain them for years without bringing charges or providing them with lawyers .
Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , denounced the Obama administration for considering “ prevention detention , ” The New Yorker ’s Mayer wrote .
Roth said this tactic “ mimics the Bush Administration ’s abusive approach . ”
From all indications , CIA Director Panetta has no intention of bringing to justice CIA officials involved in the systematic torture of prisoners .
Panetta told Mayer , “ I ’m going to give people the benefit of the doubt …
If they do the job that they ’re paid to do , I ca n’t ask for a hell of a lot more . ”
Such sentiments differ markedly from those Panetta wrote in an article published last year in the January Washington Monthly : “ We either believe in the dignity of the individual , the rule of law , and the prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment , or we do n’t .
There is no middle ground . ”
One way to discern who really runs a country is to look to see which individuals , if any , are above the law .
In the Obama administration , like its predecessors , they include the employees of the CIA .
Crucifixions they execute in the Middle East differ from those reported in the New Testament in at least one important respect : Jesus Christ had a trial .
28 June 2009 ( Sherwood Ross formerly reported for major dailies and wire services .
To contact him or contribute to his Anti-War News Service : sherwoodr1@yahoo.com ) *****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/ross_cia_crucified_suspect_280609.html
CLG Index
Cash for Clunkers :
What we can learn about Leadership from Bureaucrats ?
Whether you agree or disagree that the US Government should be in the business of incentivizing the populace to buy new cars , the fact is that the so - called “ cash for clunkers ” program simply demonstrates that our government , like all governments , does not employ an overabundance of thoughtful leaders .
If the goal of the program , also known as the Car Allowance Rebate System ( CARS ) , was to encourage the sale of 200,000 new vehicles , then it has been a smashing success .
In fact , the one billion dollar program that was scheduled to run for the next three months ran out of money in less than a week .
Oops .
“ It has succeeded well beyond our expectations and all expectations , ” commented President Barack Obama .
Thoughtful Leaders “ Do the Math ”
Just who in our government was setting these expectations ?
We all knew the program , which pays dealers up to $ 4,500 per vehicle to junk old cars traded in for new fuel - efficient cars , only had enough money for about 200,000 such transactions .
There are roughly 20,000 new car dealers in the US .
That equates to 10 clunker deals per dealer .
The average dealer can sell 10 cars in about 3 hours .
We ’re actually surprised the program lasted as long as it did given that the demand for new cars in the US has been depressed for more than a year .
One could argue that the US auto industry , which is currently selling about 500,000 fewer new cars each month that it did just two years ago , has more pent up demand than the housing market .
Prior to the Cash for Clunkers program , you were more likely to catch the Swine Flu than you were to get New Car Fever .
Now , for the Real Ugly Truth about CARS
It ’s clear we did n’t plan well enough for the execution phase of this program .
Not only did the government drastically underestimate the potential acceptance of CARS , but they ’ve been failing ( unsurprisingly ) to keep up with the very basics of their own program .
Just a couple of quick examples :
The Manager signed up weeks ago at the Cars.gov website to be alerted when there were updates to the program .
By our tally there have been dozens of such updates , though we ’ve received none of the promised email communications .
No biggie , and certainly not surprising .
Now we learn that the website created by the feds to handle dealers ’ claim submissions has taken up to an hour to process each transaction .
Additionally , there are reports of repeated rejections as dealers spend countless hours submitting and resubmitting data .
A little more of biggie , but again , not surprising .
So , who are we Entrusting with CARS ?
Let ’s not forget that this is program between the government ( think : no accountability ) and car dealers ( think : Rudy Russo in Used Cars ) .
You would n’t trust either of these groups to babysit your kids let alone run a now multi-billion dollar program designed to make the world more fuel - efficient .
( Congress added $ 2 billion to the program today . )
Seriously , there are great people who work for the US Government and there are certainly great people who manage and own new car dealerships in America … there just are n’t enough of them in either profession .
The CARS program requires that the clunker “ be crushed or shredded so that it will not be resold for use in the United States or elsewhere as an automobile .
The entity crushing or shredding the vehicles in this manner will be allowed to sell some parts of the vehicle prior to crushing or shredding it , but these parts cannot include the engine or the drive train . ”
Who will inspect this crushing and shredding ?
Who will ensure that none of these vehicles is resold inside or outside of the US ?
Who will ensure that no unscrupulous dealers submit false claims ?
If we are relying on the goodness of mankind to ensure everyone , including the government and car dealers , does the right thing then we are being more than a little naïve .
Thoughtful leaders , of course , take pride in not being naïve .
The government could certainly use a few more thoughtful leaders .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Danger lurks behind many petals
Honeybees warn each other to steer clear of dangerous flowers where they might get killed by lurking predators .
Scientists made the discovery by placing dead bees upon flowers and then watching how newly arriving bees react to the danger .
Not only do the bees avoid the flowers , they then communicate the threat when they return to the hive via their well known waggle dance .
The discovery is published in the journal Animal Behaviour .
The honeybee waggle dance is a surprisingly sophisticated mode of communication .
When foraging bees return to the hive , they waggle their bodies in a complex dance first deciphered by biologists more than 40 years ago .
The angle and direction of the forager bees ' waggle dance conveys how far and in what direction other more naive bees need to fly to reach flowers that will provide plentiful sources of food .
The crab spider Diaea dorsata is best avoided Honeybees are also more likely to waggle and dance when returning from food sources containing high concentrations of sucrose .
But now scientists Kevin Abbott and Reuven Dukas of McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada have found that honeybees use the waggle dance to do more than just encourage others in their colony to visit bountiful flowers .
Avoiding danger
They trained honeybees to visit two artificial flowers containing the same amount and concentration of food .
They left one flower untouched , making it a " safe " food source for the bees .
On the other flower , they placed the bodies of two dead bees , so they were visible to arriving insects , but would not interfere with their foraging .
A crab spider kills a flower visiting wasp
They then recorded whether and how the bees performed a waggle dance on their return to other members of the hive colony .
On average , bees returning from safe flowers performed 20 to 30 times more waggle runs that bees returning from dangerous flowers .
That shows that the bees recognise that certain flowers carry a higher risk of being killed or eaten by predators , such as crab spiders or other spider species that ambush visiting bees .
What 's more , they factor this risk into their waggle dances , tempering them to steer their colony mates away from flowers that might be dangerous .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
×
COVID -19 UPDATE : Your donation today will ensure continued help for animals in need during this horrific pandemic .
The animals need your help , now more than ever .
DONATE
Do you like reading Clusterstock , and alternate between crying and laughing when you read about the government 's actions to stem the financial crisis ?
Do you see the dark humor in the financial crisis ?
Well then the Treasury has a gig for you ( via Drudge )
The Contractor shall conduct two , 3 - hour , Humor in the Workplace programs that will discuss the power of humor in the workplace , the close relationship between humor and stress , and why humor is one of the most important ways that we communicate in business and office life .
Participants shall experience demonstrations of cartoons being created on the spot .
The contractor shall have the ability to create cartoons on the spot about BPD jobs .
The presenter shall refrain from using any foul language during the presentation .
This is a business environment and we need the presenter to address a business audience .
Upon completion of the course , participants shall be able to :
• Understand the importance and power of humor in the workplace in a responsible manner
• How to use talents in a creative way that adds humor to everyday experiences
• Alleviate stress in home and the office
• Know how and why humor is important to communication
• Improve work - place relationships
• Prevent burn-out
No wonder Geithner wants the Treasury 's budget increased .
Twitter has begun verifying the identities of well - known users , giving them a badge on their pages that serves to confirm that they are who they say they are .
But it has revealed little about how that process works .
A Twitter spokeswoman , Jenna Sampson , said the program was a small - scale test at this point .
Image Chris Hardwick , a stand - up comedian , got home from a performance too late to get his address of choice on Facebook .
Credit ...
Steve Jennings
Tony LaRussa , manager of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball team , recently sued Twitter , saying it did not do enough to prevent someone from tweeting under his name .
Twitter has called the lawsuit “ frivolous ” and says the network shuts down accounts used by known impersonators .
Another problem is that no one knows whether any of this online terrain has any lasting value  only that accounts on sites like Twitter and Facebook tend to show up at the top of the list when people search the Web .
So many people are plunging in  including so - called cybersquatters who hope to profit , financially or otherwise , from Web addresses and accounts .
Larry Winget , the author of four popular books on personal finance , has been quick over the years to get control of his name on the Web and on sites like MySpace .
But last weekend , a professed fan beat him to facebook .com / larrywinget and then said he would turn it over in exchange for a face - to - face dinner .
“ It ’s this constant effort , this sprint , to stay ahead of the technology , ” Mr. Winget said .
“ You ’ve got to hire a person just to stay on top of it . ”
Companies are feeling just as much anxiety over the online name game .
RCN , a cable and telephone service based in Herndon , Va. , submitted a request last week to Facebook to secure facebook.com /rcn .
But then Facebook said companies would need to have more than 1,000 fans on their pages to be eligible for the custom address program .
RCN ’s recently created page had 527 fans as of Wednesday .
RCN executives say they are frustrated with Facebook ’s rules and are worried that they could lose what they suspect could be valuable real estate .
Possible competitors for the address include people and organizations with those initials , along with the dreaded squatters .
The word " tweet " may have entered the international lexicon thanks to an explosion in 140 - character microblogging messages , but an attempt by Twitter 's founders to trademark it has been rejected .
Twitter applied to the US patent and trademark office last month for ownership of the word but the request was provisionally denied on the grounds that other companies had filed for trademarks of very similar words .
The authority cited three applications by firms called TweetMarks , Cotweet and Tweetphoto , and said there was a " likelihood of confusion " between the various marks .
The ruling is a setback to Twitter 's co-founder Biz Stone , who is keen to protect the rapidly growing language surrounding the service .
In a blog last month , Stone told users that Twitter - related applications that included the word tweet , such as Tweetdeck , Tweetboard and Tweetie , were not a problem .
" We have applied to trademark tweet because it is clearly attached to Twitter from a brand perspective but we have no intention of ' going after ' the wonderful applications and services that use the word in their name when associated with Twitter , " he said .
Since Twitter 's launch three years ago , the word tweet has achieved a degree of respectability .
To tweet was recently added to the Associated Press 's style guide as a verb .
Australia 's Macquarie dictionary added tweeting to its latest edition .
• This article was amended on Wednesday 26 August 2009 .
A " tweet " can be up to 140 characters in length , not 140 words as we said .
This has been corrected .
I ’ve got a great little series on the basics of songwriting and writing music–this series comes courtesy of Zosia who has actually had a hit song that was featured on MTV’s ‘ The Hills ’
( It ’s here : Episode 77 – scroll down to where it says ‘ Music played in this episode : ’ and you ’ll see her ) .
I really love the creative process that she uses and , more importantly , that she actually takes you through her own creative process step - by - step so that you can
see how she does it .
I do have to say that , although it ’s not necessarily required ( hey , there are famous artists who ca n’t even read sheet music ! ) , you should really learn some basic music theory including how to read sheet music .
You do n’t need to be able to do this , you
do n’t even need to be able to play an instrument , and even if you want to do these things it ’s still best to just dive right in , right now , and go for it !
Let ’s do it :
How to Write Awesome Music Part 1
How to Write Awesome Music Part 2
Additional Resources and Further Learning
This is THE best resource I ’ve found online for budding songwriters , definitely check this out !
Here ’s a really good beginner ’s mini-course on how to learn to write music .
Mahalo ’s got a really good article on how to write a song , absolutely worth reading .
If you want to learn how to read sheet music in an evening , howtodothings.com has this really good yet basic article on how to read sheet music .
" The Joker was n't the last legacy Heath Ledger left , " said Marian Liu in The Seattle Times .
Before accidentally overdosing on prescription medication in 2008 , the Dark Knight star began directing a music video for the rock band Modest Mouse , and it finally debuted online Tuesday .
The Australian - born actor " wanted to raise awareness of illegal commercial whaling practices , " and his video for the song " King Rat " " creatively flips the script , with whales steering a boat and spearing humans . " ( watch the video for " King Rat " )
Ledger 's music video for Modest Mouse " illuminates the late actor 's passion for animal rights , " said Paul MacInnes in the London Guardian , as well as " his close creative relationship with director Terry Gilliam . "
The " King Rat " video is " full of Gilliam - esque flourishes , " and it was actually " completed by Gilliam and a collective of directors and artists who call themselves the Masses . "
This was n't the first music video Ledger had directed , said Sophie Tedmanson in the Times Online .
He also " directed the video for the song " Morning Yearning , " by the US singer Ben Harper , who is also a member of the Masses collective . "
Ledger 's Modest Mouse video is especially " powerful " and " dark " though , but at least his " passion for the ocean has survived his death . "
How Torture Trapped Colin Powell
Four days before trying to sell the invasion of Iraq to the United Nations , Secretary of State Colin Powell was ready to scrap dubious allegations about Saddam Hussein ’s ties to al - Qaeda but was dissuaded by top CIA officials who cited a new “ bombshell ” that now appears to have been derived from torture , a top Powell aide says .
Email
Printer friendly Retired Col. Lawrence Wilkerson , who was then Powell ’s chief of staff , said the key moment occurred on Feb. 1 , 2003 , as the two men labored at the CIA over Powell ’s presentation to the U.N. Security Council set for Feb .
5 . “ Powell and I had a one - on - one — no one else even in the room — about his angst over what was a rather dull recounting of several old stories about Al Qa’ida - Baghdad ties [ in the draft speech ] , ” Wilkerson said .
“ I agreed with him that what we had was bull___t , and Powell decided to eliminate all mention of terrorist contacts between AQ and Baghdad .
“ Within an hour , [ CIA Director George ] Tenet and [ CIA Deputy Director John ]
McLaughlin dropped a bombshell on the table in the [ CIA ] director ’s Conference Room : a high - level AQ detainee had just revealed under interrogation substantive contacts between AQ and Baghdad , including Iraqis training AQ operatives in the use of chemical and biological weapons . ”
Though Tenet and McLaughlin would n’t give Powell the identity of the al - Qaeda source , Wilkerson said he now understands that it was Ibn al - Sheikh al - Libi , an al - Qaeda operative who later claimed he gave the CIA false information in the face of actual and threatened torture .
Not realizing that the new intelligence was tainted , “ Powell changed his mind and this information was included in his UNSC presentation , along with some more general information from the previous text about Baghdad 's terrorist tendencies , ” Wilkerson said .
Wilkerson ’s account underscores how the Bush administration ’s reliance on harsh interrogations of al - Qaeda suspects influenced the rush to war with Iraq , while also pointing out how the need to justify the war gave impetus to the use of torture for extracting information .
Sealing the Deal Powell , whose credibility essentially sealed the deal for war as far as millions of Americans were concerned , also appears to have let himself be manipulated by senior CIA officials who kept him in the dark about crucial details , including the fact that the Defense Intelligence Agency doubted al - Libi ’s credibility .
“ As you can see , nowhere were we told that the high - level AQ operative had a name , or that he had been interrogated [ in Egypt ] with no US personnel present or much earlier rather than just recently ( the clear implication of Tenet 's breathtaking delivery ) , ” Wilkerson said .
“ And not a single dissent was mentioned ( later we learned of the DIA dissent ) …
All of this was hidden from us – the specific identity , we were informed , due to the desire to protect sources and methods as well as a cooperative foreign intelligence service . …
“ As for me in particular , I learned the identity of al - Libi only in 2004 and of the DIA dissent about the same time , of al - Libi 's recanting slightly later , and of the entire affair 's probably being a Tenet - McLaughlin fabrication – to at least a certain extent – only after I began to put some things together and to receive reinforcement of the ‘ fabrication ’ theme from other examples . ”
Among those other examples , Wilkerson said , was the case of an Iraqi “ defector ” codenamed Curveball , who supplied false intelligence about mobile labs for making biological and chemical weapons , and various Iraqi walk - ins who spun bogus stories about an Iraqi nuclear weapons program .
Though some of those sources appear to have concocted their tales after being recruited by the pro-invasion exiles of the Iraqi National Congress , al - Libi told his stories – he later claimed – to avoid or stop torture , a central point in the current debate about whether torture saved American lives .
For those of you distracted by the Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) spotlight on “ what - did - Pelosi - know - about - torture - and - when - did - she - know - it , ” please turn off the TV long enough to ponder the case of the recently departed al - Libi , who reportedly died in a Libyan prison , a purported suicide .
The al - Libi case might help you understand why , even though information from torture is notoriously unreliable , President George W. Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and the sycophants running U.S. intelligence ordered it anyway .
In short , if it is untruthful information you are after , torture can work just fine !
As the distinguished Senator from South Carolina , Lindsey Graham put it during a Senate hearing on May 13 — with a hat - tip to the Inquisition — “ One of the reasons these techniques have been used for about 500 years is that they work . ”
All you really need to know is what you want the victims to “ confess ” to and then torture them , or render them abroad to “ friendly ” intelligence services toward the same end .
Poster Child for Torture Al - Libi , born in 1963 in Libya , ran an al - Qaeda training camp in Afghanistan from 1995 to 2000 .
He was detained in Pakistan on Nov. 11 , 2001 , and then sent to a U.S. detention facility in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
He was deemed a prize catch , since he would know of any Iraqi training of al - Qaeda .
The CIA successfully fought off the FBI for first rights to interrogate al - Libi .
FBI 's Dan Coleman , who “ lost ” al - Libi to the CIA ( at whose orders , I wonder ? ) , said , " Administration officials were always pushing us to come up with links " between Iraq and al - Qaeda .
Meanwhile , at the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba , Maj .
Paul Burney , a psychiatrist sent there in summer 2002 , told the Senate , " A large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between al - Qaeda and Iraq and we were not successful .
“ The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish that link … there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . "
CIA interrogators elicited some “ cooperation ” from al - Libi through a combination of rough treatment and threats that he would be turned over to Egyptian intelligence with even greater experience in the torture business .
By June 2002 , al - Libi had told the CIA that Iraq had “ provided ” unspecified chemical and biological weapons training for two al - Qaeda operatives , an allegation that soon found its way into other U.S. intelligence reports .
Al - Libi ’s claim was well received even though the DIA was suspicious .
“ He lacks specific details ” about the supposed training , the DIA observed .
“ It is possible he does not know any further details ; it is more likely this individual is intentionally misleading the debriefers .
Ibn al - Shaykh has been undergoing debriefs for several weeks and may be describing scenarios to the debriefers that he knows will retain their interest . ”
Despite his cooperation , al - Libi was still shipped to Egypt where he underwent more abuse , according to a declassified CIA cable from 2004 when al - Libi recanted his earlier statements .
The cable reported that al - Libi said Egyptian interrogators wanted information about al - Qaeda ’s connections with Iraq , a subject “ about which [ al - Libi ] said he knew nothing and had difficulty even coming up with a story . ”
According to the CIA cable , al - Libi said his interrogators did not like his responses and “ placed him in a small box ” for about 17 hours .
After he was let out of the box , al - Libi was given a last chance to “ tell the truth . ”
When his answers still did not satisfy , al - Libi says he “ was knocked over with an arm thrust across his chest and fell on his back ” and then was “ punched for 15 minutes . ”
And , as Sen . Graham noted , that stuff really works !
For it was then that al - Libi expanded on his tales about collaboration between al - Qaeda and Iraq , adding that three al - Qaeda operatives had gone to Iraq “ to learn about nuclear weapons . ”
Afterwards , he said his treatment improved .
Al - Libi ’s stories misinformed Colin Powell ’s U.N. speech , which sought to establish a “ sinister nexus ” between Iraq and al - Qaeda to justify invading Iraq .
Al - Libi recanted his claims in January 2004 .
That prompted the CIA , a month later , to recall all intelligence reports based on his statements , a fact recorded in a footnote to the report issued by the 9/11 Commission .
Bear in mind that before the attack on Iraq on March 19 , 2003 , polls showed that some 70 percent Americans believed that Saddam Hussein had operational ties with al - Qaeda and thus was partly responsible for the attacks of 9/11 .
Just What the Doctor Ordered George Bush relied on al - Libi ’s false confession for his crucial speech in Cincinnati on Oct. 7 , 2002 , just a few days before Congress voted on the Iraq War resolution .
Bush declared , " We ’ve learned that Iraq has trained al - Qaeda members in bomb making and poisons and deadly gases . "
Colin Powell relied on it for his crucial speech to the U.N. on Feb. 5 , 2003 .
He said : " I can trace the story of a senior terrorist operative telling how Iraq provided training in these [ chemical and biological ] weapons to al - Qaeda .
Fortunately , this operative is now detained , and he has told his story . "
For a while , al - Libi was practically the poster boy for the success of the Cheney / Bush torture regime ; that is , until he publicly recanted and explained that he only told his interrogators what he thought would stop the torture .
In his disingenuous memoir , At the Center of the Storm , Tenet sought to defend the CIA 's use of the claims made by al - Libi in the run-up to the Iraq war , suggesting that al - Libi 's later recantation may not have been genuine .
" He clearly lied , " Tenet writes in his book .
" We just do n't know when .
Did he lie when he first said that Al Qaeda members received training in Iraq or did he lie when he said they did not ?
In my mind , either case might still be true . "
Really ; that ’s what Tenet writes .
Tenet 's stubborn faith in the CIA 's " product " reflects the reality that he is not a disinterested observer .
If there was a CIA plan to extract a false confession , it 's likely he was a key participant .
After all , he devoted 2002 - 03 to the mission of manufacturing a " slam - dunk " case for invading Iraq in order to please his bosses .
He had both the motive and the opportunity to commit this crime .
Well , if al - Libi is now dead — strangely our embassy in Tripoli was unable to find out for sure — this means the world will never hear his own account of the torture he experienced and the story he made up and then recanted .
And we will all be asked to believe he “ committed suicide ” even though it is apparently true that al - Libi was a devout Muslim and Islam prohibits suicide .
Hafed al - Ghwell , a Libyan - American and a prominent critic of the Gaddafi regime , explained to Newsweek , “ This idea of committing suicide in your prison cell is an old story in Libya . ”
He added that , throughout Gaddafi ’s 40 - year rule , there had been several instances in which political prisoners were reported to have committed suicide , but that “ then the families get the bodies back and discover the prisoners had been shot in the back or tortured to death . ”
Am I suggesting …?
Anatomy of a Crime Commenting on what he called the “ Cheney interrogation techniques , ” Col .
Wilkerson , writing for The Washington Note on May 13 , made the following observations : “ … as the administration authorized harsh interrogation in April and May of 2002 — well before the Justice Department had rendered any legal opinion — its principal priority for intelligence was not aimed at pre-empting another terrorist attack on the U.S. but on discovering a smoking gun linking Iraq to al - Qaeda .
“ So furious was this effort on one particular detainee , even when the interrogation team had reported to Cheney ’s office that their detainee ‘ was compliant ’ ( meaning the team recommended no more torture ) , the VP ’s office ordered them to continue the advanced methods .
The detainee had not revealed any al - Qa’ida - Baghdad contacts yet .
“ This ceased only after Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , under waterboarding in Egypt , ‘ revealed ’ such contacts .
Of course later we learned that al - Libi revealed these contacts only to get the torture to stop . ”
Stung by Wilkerson ’s criticism of her father , Liz Cheney , who worked in the State Department during the last administration , lashed out at Wilkerson , charging he has made “ a cottage industry out of fantasies ” about the former Vice President .
All that Ms. Cheney could manage in rebuttal , though , was to point out that al - Libi was not among the three al - Qaeda figures that the U.S. has admitted to waterboarding .
After his article in The Washington Note , I asked Col .
Wilkerson for a retrospective look at how it could have been that the torture - derived information from al - Libi was not recognized for what it was and thus kept out of Secretary Powell ’s speech at the UN .
Since al - Libi had been captured over a year before the speech and had been put at the tender mercies of the Egyptian intelligence service , should he and Powell not have suspected that al - Libi had been tortured ?
Wilkerson responded by e-mail with the comments cited above regarding Tenet and McLaughlin interrupting Powell ’s evaluation of the Iraqi WMD intelligence with their new – vaguely sourced – “ bombshell . ”
I asked Col. Wilkerson : “ Were there no others from the State Department with you at CIA headquarters on Feb. 1 , 2003 .
Was INR [ State ’s very professional , incorruptible intelligence unit ] not represented ?
He answered : “ When I gathered ‘ my team ’ – some were selected for me , such as Will Toby from Bob Joseph 's NSC staff and John Hannah from the VP 's office – in my office at State to give them an initial briefing and marching orders , I asked Carl [ Ford , head of INR ] to attend .
I wanted Carl – or even more so , one of his deputies whom I knew well and trusted completely , Tom Fingar – to be on ‘ my team ’ .
“ Carl stayed after the meeting and I asked him straightforwardly to come with me or to send someone from INR .
Carl said that he did not need to come nor to send anyone because he had the Secretary 's ear ( he was right on that ) and could weigh in at any time he wanted to .
“ Moreover , he told me , the Secretary knew very well where INR stood , as did I myself ( he was right on that too ) .
“ As I look back , I believe one of my gravest errors was in not insisting that INR send someone with me .
“ Fascinating and completely puzzling at first was the total absence of a Department of Defense representative on my team ; however , after 3 - 4 days and nights I figured out … DoD was covering its own butt , to an extent , by having no direct fingerprints on the affair — and being directly wired into Cheney ’s office , Rumsfeld ’s folks knew they were protected by Toby and Hannah .
“ When we all arrived at CIA , we were given the NIC [ National Intelligence Council ] spaces and staff . [ But ]
I could not even get on a computer !!
Protests to Tenet and McLaughlin got me perfunctory CIA - blah blah about security clearances , etc. — and me with 7 days and nights to prepare a monumentally important presentation ! …
“ [ It took ] 24 hours before George or John acknowledged I could be on a computer ….
From there on , it was a madhouse .
“ But at the end of the day , had I had an INR rep , had I had better support , had I been more concerned with WHAT I was assembling rather than HOW on earth I would assemble it and present it on time , I 'm not sure at all it would have made any difference in the march to war . ”
Not the Only Crime
So there you have it folks , the anatomy of a crime — one of several such , I might add .
Mention of Carl Ford and Tenet and McLaughlin remind me of another episode that has gone down in the annals of intelligence as almost equally contemptible .
This one had to do with CIA ’s furious attempt to prove there were mobile biological weapons labs of the kind Curveball had described .
Remember , Tenet and McLaughlin had been warned about Curveball long before they let then - Secretary of State Powell shame himself , and the rest of us , by peddling Curveball ’s wares at the U.N. Security Council on Feb. 5 , 2003 .
But the amateur attempts at deception did not stop there .
After the war began , CIA intrepid analysts , still “ leaning forward , ” misrepresented a tractor - trailer found in Iraq outfitted with industrial equipment as one of the mobile bio-labs .
On May 28 , 2003 , CIA analysts cooked up a fraudulent six - page report claiming that the trailer discovered earlier in May was proof they had been right about Iraq ’s “ bio- weapons labs . ”
They then performed what could be called a “ night - time requisition , ” getting the only Defense Intelligence Agency analyst sympathetic to their position to provide DIA “ coordination , ” ( which was subsequently withdrawn by DIA ) .
On May 29 , President George W. Bush , visiting Poland , proudly announced on Polish TV , “ We have found the weapons of mass destruction . ”
[ For a contemporaneous debunking of the CIA - DIA report , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ America ’s Matrix . ” ]
When the State Department 's Intelligence and Research ( INR ) analysts realized that this was not some kind of Polish joke , they “ went ballistic , ” according to Carl Ford , who immediately warned Powell there was a problem .
Tenet must have learned of this quickly , for he called Ford on the carpet , literally , the following day .
No shrinking violet , Ford held his ground .
He told Tenet and McLaughlin , “ That report is one of the worst intelligence assessments I ’ve ever read . ”
This vignette — and several like it — are found in Hubris : The Inside Story of Spin , Scandal , and the Selling of the Iraq War by Michael Isikoff and David Corn , who say Ford is still angry over the fraudulent paper .
Ford told the authors : “ It was clear that they [ Tenet and McLaughlin ] had been personally involved in the preparation of the report ...
It was n’t just that it was wrong .
They lied . ”
Too bad Carl Ford made the incorrect assumption that he could rely on his credibility and entrée with Secretary Powell to thwart the likes of Tenet and McLaughlin , as they peddled their meretricious wares at CIA headquarters — with Col .
Wilkerson left to twist in the wind , so to speak .
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour .
He served in all four directorates of the CIA , mostly as an analyst , and is now a member of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
A new report suggests that the next version of Apple 's iTunes could carry support for Blu-ray discs , visual management and rearrangement capabilities for App Store software , and integration with social media Web sites .
Citing a " pretty reliable source , " The Boy Genius Report revealed Saturday what could become new features in an anticipated upcoming new release of Apple 's digital media software .
" One of the new additions to iTunes is said to include Blu-ray support which lines up nicely with a recent AppleInsider report about Apple integrating Blu-ray into their new iMac line - up , " the report states .
" Something else that will most likely make a bunch of people happy is that weâve been told iTunes 9 will finally include the ability to visually organize and arrange your iPhone and iPod touch applications .
Something that wasnât so clearly described was some kind of Twitter / Facebook / Last.fm integration .
Maybe broadcasting what song youâ re playing to your friends ? "
The rumors regarding Blu-ray corroborate with a report this week from AppleInsider .
Sources cryptically suggested that two compelling new features would come with Apple 's newest iMacs , leading some to speculate that official Blu-ray support from the company could be coming in the near future .
One of those features is said to have long been on the wish - lists of many Mac users while the other is expected to cater to the semi-professional audio / video crowd .
The source for The Boy Genius Report reportedly did n't provide a time frame for the new iteration of iTunes , but one might assume that Apple could make an announcement at its annual iPod event in September .
It would have been the most far - reaching case of computer sabotage in history .
In 2003 , the Pentagon and American intelligence agencies made plans for a cyberattack to freeze billions of dollars in the bank accounts of Saddam Hussein and cripple his government ’s financial system before the United States invaded Iraq .
He would have no money for war supplies .
No money to pay troops .
“ We knew we could pull it off  we had the tools , ” said one senior official who worked at the Pentagon when the highly classified plan was developed .
But the attack never got the green light .
Bush administration officials worried that the effects would not be limited to Iraq but would instead create worldwide financial havoc , spreading across the Middle East to Europe and perhaps to the United States .
Fears of such collateral damage are at the heart of the debate as the Obama administration and its Pentagon leadership struggle to develop rules and tactics for carrying out attacks in cyberspace .
Considering that Microsoft feels the need to enter the antivirus market and 12 of the top 35 anti-malware makers failed Virus Bulletin 's August 2009 test , one could argue that antivirus products are not where they should be .
Former Symantec executive Oliver Friedrichs thinks a different approach is necessary , so he built a new cloud - based , social antivirus product called Immunet Project .
Harnessing what Immunet calls " Collective Immunity , " Immunet Project claims to be able instantly fortify all of its users ' computers against new virus threats .
" Immunet uses a global community to collect anonymous information on applications running across the Immunet population , " Friedrichs told Ars Technica .
" We extract specific attributes from Windows PE files that are then coalesced in the cloud and classified as good or bad . "
When Immunet finds a piece of malware on a user 's computer , it notifies the rest of the user network , supposedly in real time .
Because of this approach , Immunet keeps most of its client infrastructure on its servers ; the actual client install takes up less than 5 MB of space .
Immunet wears the " cloud " buzzword on its marketing shoulder , boasting the speed and social advantages of a massive networked detection system .
Surprisingly , Friedrichs says Immunet will pursue a freemium business model , offering both a free version of Immunet Project and , eventually , some kind of paid premium version .
Immunet Project also taps into existing social networks and contact systems , allowing you to easily invite your Facebook , Gmail , and Yahoo contacts to plug in .
Strangely , Immunet Project 's product page features a " Recommended Software " section , listing apps like McAfee 2009 , AVG 8.5 , and Norton 2008 - 10 , though Symantec is missing from the list .
" We will happily run alongside McAfee , AVG or Symantec in order to provide an additional layer of protection on top of those products , " Friedrichs said .
It is not required to double down on AV protection , however , and Friedrichs is confident in his new cloud - based product .
In the coming weeks , Immunet plans to announce a licensing deal to further its cloud AV infrastructure and get Immunet Project integrated into more products .
Of course , we 'll have to wait and see how Immunet Project performs in the coming months .
The advantages of this approach are certainly intriguing , though they are also clearly dependent on Immunet building a critical mass of users to make its detection and protection systems effective .
Elite Arms Training provides firearms training to those who seek personalized attention and a comfortable atmosphere .
We take a business - like approach to teaching you the skills and knowledge necessary to place your bullets where they need to be , whether it 's self - defense , competition , hunting or just looking to improve your ability at the target range .
We keep our classes small to allow you the repetition of shooting drills and the individual attention you deserve .
Firearms training at your service !
Elite Arms Training , LLC 34A O. T. Davis Rd. Lumberton , MS 39455 601-528-2410
Our goal is to provide professional assistance in the safe and proficient handling of your firearm , to provide training so you may confidently protect yourself and your family .
We also want to instill that desire and challenge so that you may seek to continue in your enjoyment of shooting skills through competition and sport .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Remote - sensing scientists call a satellite image that captures an entire hemisphere of the Earth in one view a “ full - disk ” image .
The delivery of the first full - disk image from a newly launched weather satellite is an exciting milestone in the mission .
It provides scientists and engineers with incontrovertible evidence that a new satellite — as well as the communications systems needed to deliver the images back to Earth — is ready to do its job .
On August 17 , 2009 , at 1:31 p.m. EST , the latest NASA / NOAA geostationary weather satellite , called GOES - 14 , returned its first full - disk thermal infrared ( IR ) image , showing radiation with a wavelength of 10.7 micrometers emanating from Earth .
Infrared images are useful because they provide information about temperatures .
A wavelength of 10.7 micrometers is 15 times longer than the longest wavelength of light ( red ) that people can see , but scientists can turn the data into a picture by having a computer display cold temperatures as bright white and hot temperatures as black .
The hottest ( blackest ) features in the scene are land surfaces ; the coldest ( whitest ) features in the scene are clouds .
In the heat of the midday sun , the exposed rock in sparsely vegetated mountain ranges and high - altitude deserts in western North and South America are dark .
In North America , the temperatures cool ( fade to lighter gray ) along a gradient from west to east , as the semi-deserts of the West and Southwest transition to the grasslands and croplands of the Great Plains , which transition to forests in the East .
A band of scattered storms across the equatorial Pacific shows the location of the Intertropical Convergence Zone , which is a belt of showers and thunderstorms that persists near the equator year round .
Need help precisely locating the equator ?
Look for the dark ( hot ) spots in the Pacific Ocean west of South America : those are the Galapagos Islands , and the equator passes through the northern tip of the largest island .
Perhaps the most significant features related to U.S. weather appear in the upper right quadrant of the disk : the remnants of Tropical Storm Claudette drenching the eastern Gulf Coast , Tropical Depression Ana unwinding over Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic , and Hurricane Bill approaching from the central Atlantic .
The GOES satellites have three levels of naming .
The two operational satellites are always called GOES - East ( view centered at 75 degrees West ) and GOES - West ( view centered at 135 degrees West . )
Replacements for the on -duty satellites are designated by a letter during their development and launch phases .
When they are safely in orbit , they receive a number .
Two backups are stored on orbit and are activated when the on - duty satellites fail .
Currently , GOES - 11 is serving as GOES - West and GOES - 12 is serving as GOES - East .
The two back up satellites are GOES - 13 , and now , GOES - 14 , which launched as GOES - O on June 27 , 2009 .
After a six - month testing period , GOES - 14 will be put into “ hibernation ” and stored on orbit .
NASA image courtesy GOES science team .
of the story Abbie 's sideof the story
Trip Totals Days : 23 Miles : 5,229 Ferries : 8 Time Zone Changes : 8 Moose : 13 Black Bears : 4 Foxes : 3 Caribou : 2 Puffins : 2 ( up close )
1,000's ( from afar ) Whales : 2 Giant Squid : 1 ( stuffed )
1 ( stuffed ) Mink , Martens , and
such - and - such : 6 Icebergs : ~ 20 Flat Tires : 0 Photos Taken : 1,766 Extremes Northernmost : ~ N54.25° Farthest ( from Boston ) : ~1,030 mi Latest Sunset : 9:49 pm Most Expensive Gas : US $ 4.45 / gal Coldest ( measured ) : 42 °F Awkwardest : almost eating a Quebec family 's cheese Follow the itinerary to see where we are and have been .
Up - to - the - minute ( more like up - to - whenever - we - get - internet ) updates .
Detailed map of our route .
Scale : 100 pixels ≈ 25 miles .
( warning : 7 MB image )
Day 1 : Saturday June 6
The world 's largest ( non-stylized ) globe , and the largest rotating globe of any kind .
The scale is 1:1,000,000 , making it about 41ft across , and 1 inch ≈ 16 miles .
DeLorme headquarters , Yarmouth , ME .
( it 's at least 3 feet between Abbie 's finger and the globe )
Eye on the prize ...
L.L. Bean factory store , Freeport , ME
West Quoddy Head , Maine .
Easternmost point in the 50 states .
( And , believe it or not , the point closest to Africa )
This outcropping is the actual easternmost point .
Grand Manan Island , New Brunswick , in the distance .
Seaweed heads .
Day 2 : Sunday June 7
Canada !
Around Saint John ...
Bay of Fundy , highest tides in the world
High tide ...
Killing time in Fundy Trail Provincial Park
Napping waiting for the tides to change ...
Drew in a cave .
This cave is filled with water during high tide .
Abbie in a cave .
A dramatic 5 - part series
and .... low tide !
Where 'd all the water go ?
Day 3 : Monday June 8
Cruising for open wifi in Charlottetown ( and looking like a cyborg ) .
Ch - town was pretty unphotogenic otherwise ( Or rather the first of many examples of our inability to photograph cities ) .
We did almost get pressed into service on a Canadian jury , but no photos of that .
Fishing village of North Rustico
A little windy ...
First night camping
Sunset on PEI
Day 4 : Tuesday June 9
Today we indulge our inner Anne of Green Gables fanatic
— outer fanatic ... i let my freak flag fly
Silverbush , where Lucy Maud Montgomery got married .
Note Japanese tourists .
Abbie getting a little overcome at the Lake of the Shining Waters
Faked enthusiasm ... unlike my beloved Green Gables
Foxes !
Green Gables itself
I 'm hoping Marilla is chilling on the porch with some rasperry cordial
and the associated tourist trap horror ...
Day 5 : Wednesday June 10
Someone 's seriously bizarre front yard in Nova Scotia
First moose !
On the Cabot Trail in Cape Breton Highlands NP , Nova Scotia
Meese !
( best picture I could get before they ran off )
The Cabot Trail was stunning , but we were in a rush so took very few pictures of the scenery
First ferry !
( a short 5 - minute hop that was so small we did n't even notice it on our map until too late )
The ferry to Newfoundland , beckoning ...
Every Chinese restaurant in Canada emphasizes their ' Canadian Cuisine ' .
Tax break for promoting local culture ?
According to the waitress : many many people order Canadian food
Day 6 : Thursday June 11
A mere glimpse at the awesomeness of our road - tripping setup .
Absent from photo are my eee pc , dash - mounted with USB GPS dongle , running custom - built navigation software , and Abbie 's eee pc in the backseat playing MP3s via FM transmitter .
( both eees are currently charging , however )
A little windy ...
eee pc as guidebook ( and navigation in background )
First look at Newfoundland
Coming in to dock ...
First Tim Horton's
I held out for almost a week before entering the " unkanny valley "
Not quite ' pay at the pump '
Crappy night exposure of Corner Brook , NL , first big city ( a relative term ) after ferry landing .
Snow on slopes in background .
We drove through the night to reach Fortune , NL , the departure point of our next ferry for the following day .
Only about 160 mi as the crow flies , we drove 590 miles to get there .
Newfoundland does not give you much choice of routes .
We were worried about even being able to make it in one stretch ( and spazzing about potential moose altercations ) .
All gas stations seemed to close by 11 pm at the latest .
Even filling up when we could , it was still too far to make it on one tank .
Along the entire route , a single all - night station in Gander saved us .
The rest of the drive went smoothly , aside for getting pulled over at 4 am ( I had not seen a single police car in Canada till this point ) .
He politely informed me of the speed limit , bid me a good day , and walked off .
We pulled into our destination at 5:30 am , in broad daylight , to what seemed to be a ghost town .
We promptly crashed ( as in , ' fell asleep ' ) in a parking lot ; figuring out just where the hell we were and how to get on our ferry could wait a few hours
Day 7 : Friday June 12
Today we voyaged to the French overseas territory of St. Pierre and Miquelon , the last vestige of colonial - era ' New France ' .
It is not part of Canada , but sovereign French territory ; they use the euro , electricity is 220V , and you have to clear customs on each side .
This also means ... country # 38 for Drew ! ( # 25 for Abbie fail ? )
Abbie braving the harsh North Atlantic on the ferry to St. Pierre
A little too much to brave .
Shortly after this they said ' everybody go back down below so we can go back to full speed ' .
The ride was very rough .
The windows on the entire left side of the ship were as if we were in a carwash .
Vive la France !
And how French it was ...
Have no fear ; there were Peugeots and Citroëns aplenty as well .
More scenes from around town
The tourist info lady snootily informed us : ' the people of St. Pierre like to eat out on the weekend ; you must have a reservation [ at one of the island 's five only restaurants ] ' .
We opted for the most casual and earliest - opening place there was .
It was very popular among St. Pierre teenagers .
I presume the tourist office lady stifled her laughter when I asked whether we needed to make a reservation there .
( Note all boys at one table , all girls at the other )
Restaurants opened late , and in the lull beforehand , the streets were empty except for what few tourists there were on the island all out wandering confused and hungry .
Mmmmm , crêpe ... ( this was about 9:20 pm , btw )
Nothing wrong with tipsily eating crepes at 9:20 !
( Drew just ate two of them )
Day 8 : Saturday June 13
A lazy day around St. Pierre .
We rented some extremely shitty bikes and toured the ( small ) island .
We ran out of water quickly , so I snuck into the yard or a house that looked empty and re-filled with their hose .
A moment later , the owner drove up in a van emblazioned ' St. Pierre Department of Water Assessment and Quality ' ( only in French , of course ) .
Is that irony ?
I was petrified when Drew left me alone near the horses ...
Day 9 : Sunday June 14
More St. Pierre .
A beautiful day .
In addition to the island just being surreal by itself , it was surreal how much more easily we got back to Newfoundland than getting to St. Pierre .
Not only was the ride perfectly smooth , but we had a different ferry -- a modern high - speed catamaran with all the latest accoutrements .
To St. John 's by nightfall ...
Pushing the beds together does n't work so well when the mattresses are different heights
Our neighbor at the hostel was this girl .
A Newfy delicacy : deep - fried cod tongues and pork " scrunchions "
Abbie getting waltzed up at Bridie Malloy's
No one else was waltzing ... and yet this happened .
Brilliant .
Day 10 : Monday June 15
Striving for hipness in St. John's
The Newfoundland and Labrador breeds
Cape Spear , easternmost point in North America
Me visibly miffed that this is not the easternmost point , according to GPS
This is the easternmost point ( that could be safely walked to ) .
It looked like there used to be a sign to that effect , but had since been removed .
True easternmost was on the cliffs just beyond .
I did not tread down ...
... lest I suffer the fate of this guy
Craving more easterliness
Fed up with my antics
Historic lighthouse ( with modern - day lighthouse peeking up from the background ) .
Bored parks official looking for whales on the right
Excited Abbie finding whale also on right .
It 's hard to capture ' endless expanse of ocean in all directions ' with a camera , but I think this one comes close
This one is also a good showing , but it 's from Signal Hill the next day ( Cape Spear visible on the right )
Entrace to St. John 's harbor via the Narrows ; Signal Hill on the right
Adventures in grocery shopping
St. John 's is a rather slanty place
Overlook of St. John 's harbor from The Rooms museum
Giant squid ( !! ) at the museum
Tentacles !
Looooooooooong tentacles .
His name is Scrunchion .
love at first sight .
Typical St. John 's streetscape .
Brightly - colored , weathered row houses .
Day 11 : Tuesday June 16
Atop Signal Hill
A view of the narrows .
My panorama stitching attempts met with serious fail , so you 'll have to use your imagination
St. John's .
The preposterously large house - like thing is the Rooms museum
Sadly we saw no Soviet trawlers
Juvenile diversion for the day
Campsite for the night in Gros Morne National Park .
Saw two caribou while trying to find a ranger , but too fast for photo .
Gorgeous view .
No bugs .
Amazing
Day 12 : Wednesday June 17
New trip mascot
Eroding deep glacial valleys at the Gros Morne Discovery Centre
The Tablelands : a piece of the Earth 's mantle that through tectonic mishap ended up above the surface .
Its high concentrations of various minerals makes it completely inhospitable to plants .
Impromptu botany lesson
It 's a pitcher plant , one of the symbols of Newfoundland
Snowballs in June !
Western Brook Pond — once a fjord , now cut off from the ocean by a strip of bog .
The pond goes another twelve miles back into a deep glacial gorge .
A boat ride will take you the entire way back but we missed the only one that day .
Now I know what ' cable bridge ' means
Driving up the northern peninsula of Newfoundland ...
Getting close now !
' Twas a very moosey drive .
Glad it was n't dark .
Continue on to part II ...
A 22 - year - old British man who became an alcoholic as a teenager has died after doctors refused to give him a liver transplant .
Gary Reinbach began binge drinking when he was just 13 and ended up with severe cirrhosis of the liver .
He was admitted to a London hospital in May but died after doctors refused to give him a liver transplant amid fears he would not stay sober for six months after the operation .
Reinbach 's distraught mother Madeline Reinbach said her son had been in great pain and scared before his life support machine was turned off on Sunday .
" When Gary was told how ill he was and how long he had left , I just held him and we both cried , " she told the newspaper in Britain on Tuesday .
It is unclear how the 36 - year - old man , named by local media as Ronald Marshall , was set alight , but family members told the Australian newspaper that his body burst into flames after the Taser hit him on the bridge of his nose .
Is the Cash for Clunkers Incentive inadvertently setting thousands of Americans up for personal bankruptcy ?
Whether or not you are in favor of the Cash for Clunkers Program , it appears Congress is going to fund the controversial program at least through the end of August , but do n’t trade in your current vehicle just for the sake of getting the rebate !
I have written many articles on the disadvantages of purchasing a new vehicle , with the most recent series detailing my purchase of a used Toyota 4 Runner .
Remember , according to the terms of the bill , it does n’t make sense ( financially ) to trade in any vehicle worth more than $ 4500 for the Cash for Clunkers program .
If you currently drive a vehicle with a fair market value less than $ 4500 , there is good chance you own the vehicle free and clear without the burden of a monthly car payment .
Does it really make sense for you to trade your payment free vehicle in for an expensive new vehicle under the Cash for Clunkers program when you were otherwise managing with your current vehicle ?
It ’s hard to turn away free money , but lets not get delusional over Cash for Clunkers .
My fear is the program is causing thousands of families around the country to purchase a vehicle they have no business buying no matter how large the incentive is .
According to Edmunds , a new vehicle loses 60 % of its value in the first 4 years .
With the average price of a new vehicle being purchased under the Cash for Clunkers program hovering around $ 20,000 , participants are losing over $ 12,000 in depreciation when they othwise could have purchased a 4 year old vehicle like I did !
This is not a good deal from the consumer ’s prospective !
If you are in a position to comfortably purchase a new vehicle , this may be the a great opportunity !
But if your financial situation is the least bit precarious , I would let this current government incentive drive on buy ( sorry … I could n’t resist the pun ) !
Related Articles :
New Vehicle Depreciation Can Cost You More Than $ 4.00 Gallon Gas !
Bad Reasons to Buy a New Car
Leasing My Toyota 4 Runner Was Dumb !
How to Improve Your Vehicle ’s Fuel Efficiency
Running in from seemingly nowhere , Micky Dolenz , Davy Jones , Michael Nesmith & Peter Tork - better known collectively as The Monkees - disrupt a bridge opening ceremony .
From where and why did they come to disrupt the proceedings ?
They were filming a series of vignettes in several different genres , including a wild west sequence , a desert war sequence , a Confederate war sequence , and a science fiction sequence .
They disagree with much of what is happening around them , and try to figure out how to escape the oppression they feel - symbolized by a big black box in which they are seemingly imprisoned - by the forces around .
That oppression is often shown in the form of " The Big Victor Mature " .
Written by Huggo
Regardless of the smoldering controversy cannabis stirs up in Sacramento City Hall , the state Capitol and Washington D.C. , the global scientific community has examined the drug with increasing interest recently .
Local patients and doctors ca n’t say enough about the groundbreaking potential of THC as a pharmaceutical .
There ’s a fairly large medical cannabis community in Sacramento , of patients , caregivers and researchers .
Some dispensaries work directly with patients and doctors to bridge the gap between medical knowledge and social support .
Sacramento resident Thomas Coy has worked with the Capitol Wellness dispensary since it opened in 2004 .
He ’s a patient , an activist and a 28 - year survivor of HIV / AIDS .
“ Cannabis has helped me tremendously , ” he said .
“ I ’ve been on medical programs and trials since 1983 . ”
Cannabis allows
Coy to cope with and overcome many symptoms of the virus .
Smoking four joints a day helps prevent seizure , relieve nausea , fight pneumonia and stimulate his appetite .
“ If it was n’t for medical marijuana , I ’d be dead , ” Coy said .
“ Doctors say I ’m a living miracle . ”
Despite a condition that many would find disabling , Coy keeps an active lifestyle and leads Cap Wellness support groups .
Last week , Coy ’s HIV / AIDS group took a camping and whitewater rafting trip .
Coy counsels patients both socially and legally , and has worked for many years with the patients ’ rights advocacy group Americans for Safe Access .
He has testified numerous times on behalf of federally - raided patients and clubs .
“ I get out there and I raise my voice , ” he said .
“ I say ‘ this is medicine , hands off it . ' ”
Patients like Coy are a common sight at dispensaries and rallies , fighting for their rights to medicate for AIDS , cancer , multiple sclerosis , fibermyalgia , glaucoma … the list goes on .
Medical studies on cannabis took a long time to evolve , and Dr. Frank Lucido was there to watch .
Frank Lucido has been a general family practice doctor for 30 years .
Since cannabis was legalized for medical use in 1996 , he has been an outspoken and highly regarded supporter of herbal medicine .
He spoke with The Sacramento Press to offer medical perspective on the drug .
“ I started getting into it right away after it was legal , ” he said .
“ Every doctor knows they have about 20 slam - dunk patients that could benefit greatly from medical cannabis . ”
While Lucido was getting his M.D. in the ’ 70s , doctors were n’t learning about cannabis , aside from its reportedly high potential for abuse .
“ The dangers of cannabis we knew were overblown , ” he said .
“ All of us saw people using cannabis in med school and still performing extremely well . ”
Once California ’s medical cannabis legalization measure , Proposition 215 , got on the ballot , Lucido ’s interest was piqued .
He had heard rumors that cannabis had some vague medical benefits and began checking out studies on what exactly cannabis did .
“ There ’s still a lot we do n’t know , but we do know there are at least 70 reactive cannabinoids as well as many CBDs , ” he said .
Cannabinoids are essentially the ‘ stuff ’ in cannabis that gets people high .
They ’re a family of chemicals that mimic a substance that the human brain naturally produces , a cannabinoid known as anandamide .
There are receptors for anandamide throughout the body and brain .
There ’s a wide variety of cannabinoids in cannabis , but most are concentrated into delta - 9 tetrahydracannabinol , known colloqually as THC .
More background on THC can be found at 3dchem.com .
Generally speaking , the more THC , the more potent the cannabis , at least for its relaxing properties .
THC can be used as a sleep aid , pain suppressant , anti-inflammatory , anti-convulsant , appetite stimulant , muscle relaxant and – perhaps most commonly known – as an anti-depressant .
CBD is an acronym for cannabidiol , a family of substances in cannabis that are a bit of unexplored territory .
In ongoing research , CBDs have been found to have anti-viral and even anti-tumor properties .
Yes , this means that cannabis may help to prevent cancer , according to recent UCLA studies .
“ It was announced about two or three years ago that cannabis did n’t increase the risk of cancer , and it was briefly stated that certain doses might even be protective , ” Lucido said .
Several other studies that have successfully used cannabis to shrink tumors in mice have been ignored despite their results , according to Lucido .
It ’s popular wisdom that it is impossible to overdose on cannabis , as the estimated lethal dosage adds up to smoking 1,500 pounds in 15 minutes .
Yet , as it turns out , even if you took in a lethal dose ( with Janis Joplin ’s lungs and Willie Nelson ’s stash ) , you ’d still survive .
Interestingly , there are n’t cannabinoid receptors in the medulla oblongata , the part of your brain that controls breathing and other vital functions .
“ That means that someone who smokes a fatal dose may be very sleepy , but they would n’t die , ” Lucido said .
Although impossible to die from any dose of cannabis , smoking pot does carry other side effects .
There ’s one major one — the side effect that is n’t a side effect : Getting high .
The psychoactive effect of cannabis can be either a euphoria ( pleasant ) or a dysphoria ( unpleasant ) ; some people enjoy it , others do n’t .
If they turn to cannabis for relief from serious illness , however , dysphoric patients can get over their dislike and even become immune to the ‘ stoned ’ effect , something many sources have noted .
Cannabis can also be a mild lung irritant , but that can be avoided by eating a pot brownie or using a vaporizer .
Given the wide potential of cannabis ’ medical usage , it is still fairly uncommon for doctors to make regular recommendations for patients to use the drug .
“ Most doctors are hesitant to recommend cannabis because of two reasons , ” Lucido said .
“ Either they do n’t know about its medical properties or they ’re afraid of the medical board and law enforcement .
I keep myself to a very high standard and I was still investigated by the medical board . ”
Lucido , a private practice doctor , said that he screens his patients by asking for corroborating evidence of their condition .
He quizzes any applicants under the age of 21 with two questions .
First : “ Are you living at home ? ” Second : “ Are you hiding it from your parents ? ”
He said this sifts out about 90 percent of young applicants .
While cannabis can have remarkable effects on the lives of people living with terminal disease , those cases are fairly rare .
More commonly , patients seek treatment for mental tension and physical pain .
A survey of Lucido ’s 1,045 patients in 2008 found that 61 % medicated for chronic pain , 7 % for anxiety , 6 % for migraines , 4.4 % for gastrointestinal disorders ( indigestion , nausea , anorexia ) , and 3.4 % for depression .
Many other disorders take up the last 18 % .
New studies consistently point out new uses for cannabis medication , as the University of California Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research ( CMCR ) continues to conduct research throughout the state on THC ’s effects on everything from spinal cord injury to MS muscle disorders .
Interestingly , Lucido said he recently heard of another application for the sensual herb : increasing the female libido .
While licentious cannabis - smoking females were key plot devices back in the ‘ Reefer Madness ’ days , new findings have shown that cannabis ’ come - hither effects can be used to stimulate a dormant libido .
Scientific exploration of cannabis ’ medical properties has yielded some promising fruit .
Now , with increased local and national attention , research seems likely to keep on growing .
– Article from Sacramento Press on August 19 , 2009 .
Two masked gunmen have shot dead the construction minister of the volatile Russian republic of Ingushetia , local officials say .
Ruslan Amerkhanov was killed in his office in the town of Magas on Wednesday .
The gunmen then fled by car .
Attacks on government officials have become more common in the troubled , mainly Muslim North Caucasus republic .
In June , Ingushetia 's President Yunus - Bek Yevkurov was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt .
The Ingush interior ministry said the gunmen shot and killed Mr Amerkhanov at point - blank range in his office .
His assistant , Magomed Amerkhanov , was wounded in the attack .
Ingushetia has seen escalating clashes between security forces and armed militants in the past year , similar to the violence that continues in neighbouring Chechnya .
Ingush security officials quoted by Itar - Tass news agency said Wednesday 's killing might be linked to a recent review of construction projects in the republic .
Ingushetia is plagued by corruption , including in the construction sector .
Three employees of Russia 's emergencies ministry were shot dead in Ingushetia ten days ago .
In Chechnya , Russian forces were engaged in heavy fighting with separatist rebels until a few years ago , though the fighting has become much less intense recently .
Just in case you think the odds are slim that two government figures would be assassinated within a 48 hour period not just once , but twice , think again .
And not only that , in the same country no less .
In a ghoulish re-run of events in March , the interim Army Chief ( replacing the one killed in a bomb ) announced that two men linked to assassinated President Vieira were killed yesterday .
“ The military confirmed the killings of former Defense Minister Helder Proenca and presidential candidate Baciro Dabo , saying the men were killed because they were plotting a coup against the current government . ”
The murders occurred a day before campaigning was set to begin for Presidential elections scheduled later this month .
Happily , Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. , interim President Raimundo Pereira ( replacing the one killed in a hail of bullets ) and defense minister Artur Da Silva are all out of the country at the moment .
Perhaps they should consider extending their travels .
Being doomed to endlessly traverse a traffic circle in London sounds infinitely more appealing than being caught in the vicious cycle of slayings back home .
Shout out to SNS , who alerted me to yesterday ’s events .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
With the deaths of Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Michael Jackson , the summer of ‘09 marked the merciful ends to Camelot and Neverland , iconic American fairy tales whose story lines should have come to merciful ends long ago when their charismatic protagonists took dark and irredeemable turns .
Our country was not built to support blood dynasties or to elevate the rich and famous to a higher ethical or constitutional plain .
But through the power of celebrity , Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Jackson worked the media to twist truths .
They manipulated their constituencies and fans to obscure their misdeeds .
They played the faithful to confer this manufactured innocence on the rest of us .
And , in the end , they placed themselves above the law .
My condolences go to the Kennedy and Jackson families , who should not be stained by the sins of their kin .
But there is no time like the present to ensure that those masterfully produced , over - the - top , all - star televised funerals do n’t serve to canonize talented and charismatic men who failed to own up to their public wrongs and who continued to flaunt the behaviors that got them into trouble .
Given that President Obama ’s flailing medical care reform movement is in the process of being given new life under the fallen senator ’s name , our national health now depends on talking honestly .
As Mr. Kennedy ’s political defenders would put it , it ’s time to speak truth to power .
Forty years have passed since Chappaquiddick .
Immediately after the accident , Mr. Kennedy scrambled to organize the best and brightest to save his career , rather than to save the life of 28 - year - old Mary Jo Kopechne .
Before the facts were gathered , as her family was being prepped for a cash payoff , the Massachusetts voter - in “ shock ” and “ denial , ” the beginning phases of Elizabeth Kubler - Ross ’s grief cycle - was asked by the senator in a carefully constructed televised speech to look away from his misdeed in the name of his family ’s recent tragedies .
In a time of grief , the young senator framed his future as a referendum on Camelot .
And the media did n’t call him on it .
The fix was in .
The result was Mr. Kennedy need n’t do more than show up for work to atone for his calculated selfishness .
Without apology or contrition , Mr. Kennedy crafted a public career in which he spent taxpayers ’ money - certainly not his own - to make up for his unspeakable behavior .
As long as he toed the liberal line , this trust - fund Robin Hood was protected by the liberal masses and the mainstream media .
Hollywood did its job by not putting his story on the big screen .
Doing to the reputations of Clarence Thomas and Robert Bork what he did to Miss Kopechne only reinforced his value to the Democrat Media Complex as the memory of his brothers ’ more authentic Camelot began to fade .
A blogger at the Huffington Post went so far as to argue the liberal Miss Kopechne herself would have accepted her death on utilitarian grounds .
“ Who knows - maybe she ’d feel it was worth it , ” Melissa Lafsky wrote .
No reading of Mr. Jackson ’s relationship with young boys seems kosher .
Perhaps he did n’t molest Jordie Chandler , but paying him eight figures to go away certainly should have put an end to the Peter Pan routine .
Mr. Jackson was a singer and a dancer but his best instrument was playing the media .
As long as he kept up the “ We Are the World ” routine - noblesse oblige to a beat - the media looked the other way .
In the language of the Democrat Media Complex , speaking ill of Mr. Jackson was racist .
Speaking ill of Mr. Kennedy was ideological .
Both were protected .
Their foes were ignored or castigated .
By playing the media ’s institutional biases , both Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Jackson rose above the law .
While Mr. Jackson spent most of his time self - medicating and collecting children and expensive stuff , the untouchable Mr. Kennedy continued his destructive habits while giving his Massachusetts constituency and American liberalism a bounty of legislative accomplishments .
The supporters of Mr. Kennedy , and to a lesser degree Mr. Jackson , elevate and promote “ social justice ” and “ economic justice ” as the highest human goals .
Upon the deaths of Mr. Jackson and Mr. Kennedy , the media continue to erase their ugly backgrounds hoping their eternal celebrity can serve these collective ideals .
But the rubes - those of us skeptical of moral relativism , media manipulation and the cult of celebrity - prefer “ justice justice . ”
Only when the “ elite ” among us begin to see things like us - and not in the unrealistic fairy tales crafted by our liberal betters - will Americans begin to live happily ever after .
• Andrew Breitbart is publisher of the news portals Breitbart.com and Breitbart.tv .
His latest endeavor , Big Hollywood ( https://bighollywood . breitbart.com ) , is a group blog on Hollywood and politics from the center - right perspective .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Posted by Grandson under Humor , pictures
Tweet
A safety issue .
Research in motion …..
How to hold on while the train is in motion in order to avoid falling .
I am referring to the older gentleman by the door !!!
But you knew that .
You should follow Grandma on Twitter here
Battle of the Teutoburg Forest Germany Recalls Myth That Created the Nation
In September 9 AD , Germanic tribesmen slaughtered three Roman legions in a battle that marked the " big bang " of the German nation and created its first hero -- Hermann .
The country is marking the 2,000th anniversary with restraint because the myth of Hermann remains tainted by the militant nationalism that would later be associated with Hitler .
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) -
The new head of NATO said he wanted Afghan forces to assume lead responsibility for security within the next four years , but would not set a timeline for a complete pull out by alliance troops .
Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who took over as secretary - general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization on Saturday , faces many challenges but none more daunting than finding a winning strategy for the war in Afghanistan and improving relations with its former Cold War foe Russia .
Afghanistan remains a priority and will require a comprehensive approach involving both military and civilian efforts to stabilize the country ahead of elections this month , Rasmussen told Reuters in an interview .
July was the deadliest month for foreign forces in Afghanistan since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 , with at least 71 killed .
August has followed that trend with violence escalating ahead of the August 20 poll .
Rasmussen , 56 , has to persuade reluctant European allies to commit more troops , money and other resources to Afghanistan .
The recent rise in casualties , especially British , has led to greater public questioning of the reasons for NATO involvement .
“ I believe that during my term as NATO secretary - general , Afghans must take over lead responsibility for security in most of their country , ” Rasmussen later told a news conference in Brussels .
He refused to set a timeline for NATO troops ’ withdrawal but said the ultimate goal was to hand responsibility for security to Afghan security forces gradually , province by province , during his term of office .
This does not mean a quick NATO exit , he added .
“ Let no Taliban propaganda say that what I say means a run for the exit -- it is not .
We will support the Afghan people for as long as it takes , ” Rasmussen said .
“ It will not be easy and the past months have made that bitterly clear , ” he added .
NEGOTIATE WITH MODERATES ?
The independent Danish daily Politiken said the new NATO chief favored negotiating with moderate Taliban elements as a means of splitting the insurgents , a position that has also gained the support of British Foreign Secretary David Miliband .
“ There is quite clearly a hard core that it ’s impossible to reach any agreement with .
They only have respect for military power .
But there are also groups that you can talk with in an attempt to create some reconciliation in Afghan society , ” the paper quoted Rasmussen saying in an interview on its website .
Rasmussen said his other goal , at the start of his NATO tenure , would be to pursue the drive for a strategic partnership with Russia , while urging Moscow to respect the sovereignty and integrity of its neighbors .
The former Danish prime minister also has the delicate task of managing expectations in Ukraine and Georgia , former Soviet republics that have been promised eventual NATO membership despite Moscow ’s opposition .
Rasmussen said the 28 - member alliance and Russia had common goals in counter - terrorism , Afghanistan , disarmament and non-proliferation .
“ I think we should develop practical cooperation ... while of course insisting on Russian compliance with its international obligations including respecting the territorial integrity and political freedom of its neighbors , ” Rasmussen said .
NATO ’s relations with Russia were damaged by the five - day Russia - Georgia war last year .
Rasmussen will try to repair this damage , mindful also of the need to cooperate with Russia on global security issues .
The alliance has put the subject of Georgian and Ukrainian NATO membership on the back burner in the interests of getting relations with Moscow back on track , but says membership remains open to countries that meet NATO standards .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : cleve
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I 'm sick of dating insipid , ungrateful assholes .
I 'm not going to spew a bunch of bullshit like other ads saying that " OMG I NEED A REEEALL MAAN WHO CAN TAKE CARE OF MEEE " .
Truth is , I 'm in college , you 're ( hopefully ) between the ages of 18 - 23 , and probably do n't have a 9 to 5 white - collar job with a 401 k that pays enough for you to drive your badass porsche .
And you know what ?
That 's fine with me .
Anyway .
Onto the whole " reasons " portion of my ad .
I will give it to you in list form because that seems better than assaulting you with a wall of text .
1 . I am smart enough to use big words in appropriate situations .
2. I have a mohawk .
A fairly large mohawk , a few piercings , and can sport a pretty unpleasant scowl when necessary .
no one 's going to fuck with you if they see your girlfriend 's some punkass bitch that could probably curbstomp their head in , right ?
3 .
I am a legit bisexual , I 've dated girls before .
That means I 've been on your side of this whole " relationship " thing .
I am not going to try and imprison you with my compulsive girly insecurities .
I 'm not going to make you stop hanging out with your friends or prevent you from going to shows .
I wo n't even tell you to stop guzzling nasty PBR or to put that fatass joint down long enough to have a coherent conversation .
And I 'm certainly not going to bitch about it to my other lady friends behind your back ( unless you fail to share said fatass joint with me . ) 4 .
I am well - read .
I am very familiar with most pop-culture references ( especially ones that deal with retro shit- my specialty . ) so on the off chance that you 're sober enough to drop some laugh - inducing reference to a terrible 80's move you saw when watching TNT the other day , I WILL ACTUALLY GET IT.6 .
I love movies .
I love HORROR movies , and the older / low - budget they are , the better .
I think films such as Braindead , Army of Darkness , or Nekromantik are fucking hilarious .
That means that you wo n't have to worry about spending precious money on movie theater dates , because chances are , I already bought / legally obtained that shit .
The only exception would fall under Rocky Horror midnight showings .
7 . I can sew and paint .
That means I can make awesome patches of your favorite crust bands , then sew them onto your totally awesome punk rock jacket for you .
I can also do deathrock , anarcho , and most psychobilly logos , too .
8 . Remember the bisexual thing ?
I 'm not going to bitch when you remark about how Kat Von D/ Bettie Paige / Patricia Day / [ insert other pinup model name here ] is totally bangin ' .
In fact , I 'll most likely agree with you and then continue painting the Crass symbol onto the back of your favorite black t- shirt .
9 .
I 'm loyal .
Do you know how hard it is to come accross a guy like you ?
Of course you do n't .
So if you really are the one - in - a - million , smart , funny , attractive , punkass shithead that I 'm looking for , I will not be looking elsewhere .
I promise !10 .
I can cook anything for you , as long as a microwave is involved at some point .
11 .
Are you computer retarded ?
No problem .
I pretty much rule at computers and can probably fix it for you !
How useful is that ?!
12 . I enjoy the smell of cigarette smoke .
Being a smoker is n't a necessity , but if you do smoke , that 's pretty damn hot , so I 'm not going to bitch at you to quit .
13 .
I am impressed by the little things .
You do n't have to buy me shit to make me happy .
You do n't have to clean up nice and take me out to a semi - fancy restaurant .
You can continue to spit on the ground , make sarcastic remarks about how society " conforms to generalizations created by capitalist pigs " , and laugh about skull - fucking dead babies .
Being yourself is good enough .
Just be able to come around and see me every once in a while , k ?
Hope that covers everything .
If I 'm the sort of classy broad that 's worth your time , please feel free to message .
I have a myspace , your pic gets mine , etc .
What better image of a friendly , walkable city can there be than a seeing a couple stroll along the charming Main Street Plaza after enjoying a free evening concert : holding hands , engaged in small talk , taking in the night air .
It ’s picture perfect .
Unless the couple happens to be gay .
On Thursday night , Derek Jones ( right ) and boyfriend Matt Aune claim they were simply holding hands , walking through the LDS Church ’s easement between North and South Temple on Main Street , when they inadvertently became a target for LDS Church security officers .
For their public display of affection on church property , the couple say they were detained by officers and even handcuffed .
Jones was forced to the asphalt .
Following the Thursday Twilight concert , Jones , an advertising account manager for City Weekly , says he and his boyfriend thought they were alone on the plaza as they walked to their home to Capitol Hill around 11 p.m .
It was a walk they ’d taken on many occasions .
The couple paused for a moment , Aune put his arm around Jones and gave him a kiss on the cheek .
At that moment , Jones says , a number of security guards descended upon them .
“ They said they wanted us to leave because of the public display of affection , and that they do not allow any sort of public displays of affection on the easement whatsoever , ” Jones says .
Representatives of the LDS Church would not return calls to comment on this story .
Aune said that once officers detained them , he challenged them to find out what they were doing that was actually wrong .
“ I was trying to get the real reason out of them , which obviously was they were targeting us because we were a gay couple , " Aune says .
“ At no time did we ever refuse to leave , ” Aune says .
“ After we were in handcuffs , they said , ‘ You can leave , or we can call the police . ’ ” Officers of the Salt Lake City Police Department arrived and issued the pair misdemeanor citations for trespassing .
SLCPD spokeswoman Robin Snyder could not comment to specific details of the incident but did say that on private property , individuals who are said to be refusing to leave are subject to trespassing violations .
Karen McCreary , executive director of the ACLU of Utah , was not familiar with the incident .
She notes that the Main Street Plaza has been private property since 2003 when the Salt Lake City Council relinquished public easements over the property in exchange for LDS Church - owned property on Salt Lake City ’s west side and money to build the Sorenson Unity Center at 1383 S. 900 West .
The 2003 city - church land swap , and the ACLU lawsuit that followed , were the final act in an eight - year battle over the plaza .
When the city initially sold a portion of Main Street to the LDS Church in 1999 , the sale came with four public easements , including an easement for the public to use the plaza as a through street between South Temple and North Temple .
But the public easement came with all sorts of behavior rules ( forbidding things such as swearing ) and the subsequent arrest of a Christian preacher on the plaza began the first of two lawsuits that would take the plaza issue to federal court .
The ACLU sued Salt Lake City , arguing that the plaza conduct restrictions were unconstitutional .
In 2002 , the federal 10th Circuit Court agreed with the ACLU .
But one line in the court ’s ruling said the city could get around the problem by getting rid of the easements .
That ’s what the City Council did in 2003 .
The ACLU sued again , arguing that the city could n’t sell the public ’s rights .
The ACLU likened the city - church deal to Southern cities deeding public parks to private groups in an effort to avoid desegregation .
But the 10th Circuit Court upheld the city - church deal , which allowed the creation of the private plaza that only looks like a public space .
" This is what [ the LDS Church ] claimed in 2003 would never happen , ” Aune says .
“ When the controversy over the easement was high , they said it was a paperwork issue .
It was n't .
We knew it back then .
They want to filter activity through that plaza . "
Latin America 's most intriguing bounty hunt since the drug baron Pablo Escobar was shot to pieces on a Medellin rooftop has been called off after the Colombian government agreed to lift a controversial death sentence imposed on his pet hippo Matilda .
The creature , part of a menagerie imported from Africa to fill Escobar 's personal zoo , escaped from captivity during a storm three years ago along with her mate Pepe , and seemed doomed to die at the hands of a crack team of soldiers charged with locating them .
This week photographs of Pepe 's corpse were published in the Colombian media , sparking outrage and mass protests by Colombia 's vociferous animal rights lobby .
Pepe had been killed by a .375 rifle bullet through the heart last month , as he waddled near the Magdalena River , a short distance from Puerto Berrio , the town from where Escobar once controlled the world 's cocaine supply .
His body was surrounded by victorious gun-toting soldiers in a pose that recalled the glory days of Edwardian big game hunting .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The escaped hippos had been held responsible for killing livestock and damaging fencing , and were considered a threat to farmers and fishing communities by Colombia 's Environment Ministry .
Until yesterday , the net seemed to be closing in on Matilda and her calf Hip , who she had given birth to in the wild .
However the hunt was suddenly called off , when one of the country 's biggest breweries , Bavaria , offered to pay for experts from Africa to be brought in to take the creatures into captivity .
" We have accepted Bavaria 's offer , " said a spokesman for the Environment Ministry .
" The idea is to relocate the animals .
The experts , once they are here on the ground , can help with our effort at finding the best possible place for these animals to live . "
Matilda and Hip are likely to be returned to Hacienda Napoles , the once - extraordinary , 5,500 - acre ranch where Escobar ran his empire until his bloody death in 1993 , at the age of 44 .
At the height of his power and influence , when he was estimated by Forbes to be the world 's seventh richest man , Escobar turned the estate into a bizarre personal playground , installing fishing lakes , stables , and even a personal bullring .
He imported hundreds of exotic animals , including camels , giraffes , buffalos , Indian elephants , rhinos , and even a collection of kangaroos , which he used to spend days attempting to domesticate .
One kangaroo was famously taught to entertain guests by playing football .
After Escobar 's death , the animals were moved to Colombian zoos , with the exception of about 20 hippos , which were thought to be too difficult and dangerous to capture and transport .
Today the hippos are a big draw for tourists who visit Hacienda Napoles , which is being turned into an " eco-park " .
About 50,000 visitors come to the site each year , and a five - star hotel is under construction in its grounds .
The decision to kill the three escapees was taken after they were held responsible for killing six cows belonging to local farmers , and causing severe damage to expensive fencing .
The local community , understandably concerned by the presence of South America 's only wild hippos on their doorstep , supported the government 's extermination plans but the move sparked outrage among Columbia 's well - financed animal rights lobby .
Hundreds of protesters , many wearing hippo masks , picketed the Environment Ministry earlier this week , demanding a repeal of what they described as a " death sentence " .
The organiser of the protest , Marcela Ramirez , president of the Animal and Environmental Protection Network , told reporters : " It is an outrage that the same government that allows the torture of bullfighting and cockfighting is now endorsing the murder of hippopotamuses . "
RDS.ca
Roberto Luongo s'apprête à disputer la quatrième et dernière année de son contrat avec les Canucks de Vancouver .
Les pourparlers afin de prolonger cette entente sont en cours depuis quelques semaines et le gardien de 30 ans souhaite en venir à une entente avant le début du camp d'entraînement .
" Je pense que c'est important de ne pas avoir cette distraction - là durant la saison , a révélé Luongo avant de prendre le départ de la première édition du tournoi de golf qui porte son nom .
Surtout avec les médias canadiens , ça peut ne jamais finir !
C'est pour ça qu'on va essayer de régler ça avant le début du camp , pour qu'il n'y ait pas de problème durant la saison . "
" La question la plus importante entre Roberto et Vancouver , c'était : 'est - ce qu'il veut rester là ? '' , et la réponse a été donnée .
Roberto veut terminer sa carrière là-bas , explique son agent , Gilles Lupien .
Maintenant , c'est une question de longueur de contrat .
" Le dernier match de Luongo remonte au 11 mai .
Ce soir - là , il avait accordé sept buts et avait vu les Blackhawks de Chicago éliminer les Canucks en six parties .
Luongo ne s'en cache pas : il a eu du mal à digérer ces événements .
" Ça n'a pas été facile , surtout le premier mois de l'été .
Même aujourd ' hui , j'y pense encore , mais ce n'est pas quelque chose qui va affecter le reste de ma carrière .
C'est un seul match , ce sont des choses qui arrivent .
Je me souviens qu'avec l'Avalanche du Colorado , Patrick Roy a déjà perdu un match ultime 7 - 0 contre les Red Wings de Detroit .
" À moins d'une surprise ou d'une blessure , Luongo fera partie de l'équipe canadienne qui participera aux Jeux olympiques de Vancouver en février .
La question est maintenant de savoir s'il peut devancer Martin Brodeur et être le gardien numéro un de cette équipe .
" Peu importe la décision des dirigeants , je vais l'accepter , promet Luongo .
C'est les Olympiques , on joue pour notre pays .
Peu importe le rôle qu'on me donne , je vais l'accepter . "
Advertisements
Anyone who is looking for insight into what kind of Senator Al Franken will be , got a little bit of insight from an interview that Franken did with Minnesota Public Radio .
Franken drew parallels between his situation and that of former Senator , now Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton ’s situation when she arrived in Washington .
Franken said that he has been consulting with Hillary Clinton ’s former Senate chief of staff on Senate business .
Franken pointed out the similarities between his celebrity arrival and hers , “ There ’s something in Hillary as a model for me , because Hillary , well she came in with a different kind of celebrity obviously .
But there was a kind of skepticism where she had to prove herself a certain way and also prove not to be a kind of a show horse , but to be a work horse .
And so I want to you know put my head down and get to work when I get there . ”
If Al Franken enters the Senate the same way that Hillary Clinton did , he will be in great shape .
Clinton came to the Senate and assumed the role of the junior Senator from New York .
Clinton stayed out of the spotlight , until she decided to run for president , and worked .
Republicans are playing up the idea that Franken is going to be some sort of loud mouthed comedian in the Senate .
Advertisements
No one should be surprised if Franken travels the opposite path .
I would not be surprised if Franken stayed off of the cable news networks and the Sunday talk shows .
I suspect that he will assume a fairly low profile in the Senate .
Franken has often mentioned the name of former Minnesota liberal Senator , the late Paul Wellstone , and it would be great if he could bring a little of that style of liberalism to the Senate .
The Democrats may have 60 votes in the Senate , but many of the new Senators are conservative Red State Democrats .
It would be refreshing to hear a new liberal voice in the Senate .
Rottnest Island is Western Australia 's ( WA ) premier island getaway , located just off the coast of Perth .
As a ‘ Class A ’ reserve , managed by the Rottnest Island Authority , the island boasts unique animal and plant life , as well as some of the most spectacular beaches you will ever see .
Take a day trip from Perth , or choose from a range of Rottnest Island accommodation and enjoy a longer stay at one of Western Australia ’s ( WA ) most amazing holiday destinations .
Island Description
Hobbies & Activities category :
Great Barrier Reef Resort
Rottnest Island , a low - lying island is a nature reserve ( no cars permitted ) which attracts many visitors and holidaymakers .
It is 11 km long from east to west and up to 5 km across .
It has a varied coastline with numerous inlets and bathing beaches and many inland lakes .
The Dutch navigator Willem de Vlamingh landed on the island in 1696 and pronounced it an earthly paradise .
Taking the little rock wallabies or quokkas for rats , he named the island Rottnest ( ' rats ' nest ' ) .
From 1838 to 1903 it was used as a place of banishment for rebellious Aborigines .
The Quad , an octagonal limestone building with a large inner courtyard , was built in 1864 as a prison .
The cells , after renovation , are now holiday apartments .
The nearby Rottnest Hotel , also built in 1864 , was originally the summer residence of the governor of Western Australia ; the hotel is popularly known as the Quokka Arms .
The Rottnest Museum , housed in a barn and threshing mill of 1857 , has collections of historical material and relics of shipwrecks .
Most of the little limestone houses round the harbor at the east end of the island were built by convict labor .
They are among the oldest buildings in Western Australia .
The island has good surfaced roads and walking trails and a range of sports facilities ( tennis , golf , bowling , bicycle and boat hire ) .
Safe swimming and fishing in the shelter of the offshore reefs .
Beach ; Fishing opportunity ; Swimming & water activities ;
Hiking opportunity ; Historical museum ;
Hotel of note ; Natural area ; Nautical museum or attraction ; Region with significant interests - Luxury rainforest resort , Australia Perfect beach Lodgings in Cairns AUJust offshore from Perth , Rottnest Island is where the locals go to swim at white - sand beaches , snorkel in turquoise water over coral gardens and shipwrecks , or kick back and go fishing .
Rotto , as it's called locally , is a car - free zone , which adds to its relaxed feel .
And with 63 sheltered beaches to choose from , the island is refreshingly uncrowded .
Hiring a bike is the best way to get around and find those secluded beaches and secret surf spots on the other side of the island .
There 's also a free hop - on - hop - off bus service , as well as guided tours exploring the early colonial buildings , lighthouse and the island ’s crucial role in World War I and II .
Why not take a journey back in time with the Wadjemup Aboriginal Bus Tour ?
Discover the island ’s fascinating history as a place of great spiritual significance and hear the stories of Aboriginal prisoners once held at the penal colony .
Attractions include guided walking tours , scenic flights , a family fun park , the Rottnest Museum , as well as tennis , lawn bowls and golf .
Have a go at kayaking , diving , surfing , boogie boarding or fishing .
You can get up close and personal with the island 's indigenous flora and fauna , enjoy a bit of quokka spotting or just kick back and soak up the scenery .
There 's something to suit everyone 's budget , from beachfront villas to tent sites .
Rottnest has a la carte restaurants , a hotel , a general store , take - away outlets and a cafe .
Or just grab a snack from Rotto 's famous bakery and head to the beach .
End your stay watching the sunset over a glass of red at the Quokka Arms pub , boasting one of the best beach - side views in the world .
Rottnest is an easy day trip from Perth and Fremantle or a relaxing holiday spot .
Riga has become a popular destination for British stag parties
The mayor of the Latvian capital of Riga says British stag parties will no longer be welcomed with open arms .
Nils Usakovs told Latvian magazine Rigas Laiks the city had run out of patience with unruly British tourists who misbehaved .
Mr Usakovs said : " The only problem is that we have a large share of those British tourists . "
Riga is one of a handful of low - cost central and eastern European cities popular with stag parties .
Mr Usakovs said some British visitors were guilty of misbehaving : " Let 's not be politically correct - unfortunately , this is their speciality . "
He also said if the city had more regular tourists the badly behaving British visitors " would not be as noticeable " .
The British first started to make bachelor parties and the most popular thing was using our monument of liberty as a toilet
Latvian spokeswoman According to the Foreign Office , there were 93,200 visitors from the UK to Latvia in 2008 .
The biggest complaint is about tourists who urinate on central Riga 's Freedom Monument , which honours soldiers killed while fighting for independence between 1918 - 20 , Mr Usakovs said .
Many visitors have been arrested and fined for relieving themselves on the 138 ft - high monument , or climbing on it naked to pose for pictures .
' Tourist issues ' According to The Times , a spokeswoman for Mr Usakovs said Riga 's problems began with the arrival of the first low - budget airlines .
She said : " The British first started to make bachelor parties and the most popular thing was using our monument of liberty as a toilet .
" We have a stigma about British tourists .
They are probably not the ones we want to see .
" We are thinking about making a tourist police who will be located in the old town and will pay more attention to these tourist issues . "
Last year the country 's then interior minister , Mareks Seglins , complained about " English pigs " and said they were a " dirty , hoggish people " after a British tourist was sentenced to five days in prison after being caught urinating on the war memorial .
Earlier this year South Wales Police sent two officers to Riga to advise on how to deal with hen and stag parties from Britain .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fits Most Hands
Breathable Cotton
Form Fitting
Prevents Chafing
Absorbs Sweat
Distracts Enemies
Non Toxic
Great For Jazz Hands ONLY $ 9.95 ( plus shipping )
Although you would n't want one to balance your checkbook , dogs can count .
They can also understand more than 150 words and intentionally deceive other dogs and people to get treats , according to psychologist and leading canine researcher Stanley Coren , PhD , of the University of British Columbia .
He spoke Saturday on the topic " How Dogs Think " at the American Psychological Association 's 117th Annual Convention .
Coren , author of more than a half - dozen popular books on dogs and dog behavior , has reviewed numerous studies to conclude that dogs have the ability to solve complex problems and are more like humans and other higher primates than previously thought .
" We all want insight into how our furry companions think , and we want to understand the silly , quirky and apparently irrational behaviors [ that ] Lassie or Rover demonstrate , " Coren said in an interview .
" Their stunning flashes of brilliance and creativity are reminders that they may not be Einsteins but are sure closer to humans than we thought . "
According to several behavioral measures , Coren says dogs ' mental abilities are close to a human child age 2 to 2.5 years .
The intelligence of various types of dogs does differ and the dog's breed determines some of these differences , Coren says .
" There are three types of dog intelligence : instinctive ( what the dog is bred to do ) , adaptive ( how well the dog learns from its environment to solve problems ) and working and obedience ( the equivalent of ' school learning ' ) . "
Data from 208 dog obedience judges from the United States and Canada showed the differences in working and obedience intelligence of dog breeds , according to Coren .
" Border collies are number one ; poodles are second , followed by German shepherds .
Fourth on the list is golden retrievers ; fifth , dobermans ; sixth , Shetland sheepdogs ; and finally , Labrador retrievers , " said Coren .
As for language , the average dog can learn 165 words , including signals , and the " super dogs " ( those in the top 20 percent of dog intelligence ) can learn 250 words , Coren says .
" The upper limit of dogs ' ability to learn language is partly based on a study of a border collie named Rico who showed knowledge of 200 spoken words and demonstrated ' fast - track learning , ' which scientists believed to be found only in humans and language learning apes , " Coren said .
Dogs can also count up to four or five , said Coren .
And they have a basic understanding of arithmetic and will notice errors in simple computations , such as 1+1=1 or 1+1=3 .
Four studies he examined looked how dogs solve spatial problems by modeling human or other dogs ' behavior using a barrier type problem .
Through observation , Coren said , dogs can learn the location of valued items ( treats ) , better routes in the environment ( the fastest way to a favorite chair ) , how to operate mechanisms ( such as latches and simple machines ) and the meaning of words and symbolic concepts ( sometimes by simply listening to people speak and watching their actions ) .
During play , dogs are capable of deliberately trying to deceive other dogs and people in order to get rewards , said Coren .
" And they are nearly as successful in deceiving humans as humans are in deceiving dogs . "
PORT HOPE – An Ontario driver has learned a hard lesson about respecting authority .
He was pulled over for speeding on Sunday on Highway 401 near Port Hope after being tracked by a police helicopter .
Police say the driver was stopped and ticketed for travelling 35 kilometres over the posted speed limit .
After he received the ticket and began to pull away , the driver raised his hand and flashed an obscene gesture toward provincial police Const.
Bettina Schwarze .
She pulled the unidentified man over again and promptly gave him a $ 110 ticket .
The offence ?
Making an improper hand signal .
A big thanks to bumblebums for posting the video .
Rachel :
Do you think that calling the President a " nazi " ... calling the President " Hilter " ... is an implicit call for politically motivated violence ?
Schaeffer : Yes I do .
In fact this rings a big bell with me because my dad who is a right wing evangelical leader wrote a book called " A Christian Manifesto " ... and in that book he compared anybody who was pro-abortion to the nazi Germans ; and he said that using violence or force to overthrow nazi Germany would have been appropriate for Christians including the assassination of Hitler .
He compared the Supreme Court 's actions on abortion to that .
And that has been a note that has been following the right wing movement that my father and I helped start ...
So what 's being said here is really two messages : there 's the message to the predominatly white , middle - aged crowds of people screaming at these meetings trying to shut them down ; but there 's also a coded message to what I would call the " looney tunes " - the fruitloops on the side - that 's really like playing Russian roulette .
You put a cartridge in the chamber and you spin and once in a while it goes off , and we saw that with Dr. Tiller , we 've seen it happen numerous times in this country with the violence against political leaders whether it 's Martin Luther King or whoever it might be ... we have a history of being a well - armed violent country .
And so , really , I think that these calls are incredibly irresponsible .
The good news is is that it shows a desparation .
The far right knows they 've lost .
They 've lost the hearts and minds of most American people ...
But they also know that they have a large group of people who are not well - informed , who listen to their own sources , who buy the lies ... and these people can be energized to go out and do really dreadful things and we 've seen it in front of abortion clinics - I 'm afraid we 're going to see it with some of our political leaders .
And the Glenn Becks of this world literally are responsible for unleashing what I regard as an anti-democratic , anti-american movement in this country that is trying to shut down legitimate debate and replace it with straight out intimidation .
If you look outside your window over the next few days and see a mushroom cloud blooming on the eastern horizon , all I can say is , I 'm sorry .
I did n't mean to cause an international incident or the destruction of Western civilization .
I just wanted to look at some cool cell phones .
Translation : I am writing this from Seoul , South Korea , where I 've spent the last few days touring the myriad facilities of electronics giant Samsung and , incidentally , looking into the future of mobile communications .
There 's also a tour of the DMZ on the schedule ; somebody somewhere thinks it 's a good idea to let me wander near and possibly over the border with North Korea .
Let 's just hope Kim Jong
Il is taking a nap when it happens .
[ Stay ahead of advances in mobile technology with InfoWorld 's Mobile Edge blog and Mobilize newsletter . ]
You may not be aware of it , but South Korea is to the wireless industry what Ashton Kutcher is to inane Twittering .
Between them , Samsung and its bitter South Korean rival , LG Electronics , build nearly half of the handsets sold worldwide .
They certainly build the vast majority of the really amazing ones .
i Phone , shmyphone -- these guys lapped Apple 10 times before breakfast .
Samsung in particular is pushing the envelope on what handsets are capable of .
Want a 12 - megapixel camera ?
Check .
Full - motion HD ?
Got it .
Bang & Olufsen speakers ?
No sweat .
The whizziest gesture - based haptics - driven touch - screen interface you 've ever seen ?
Natch .
Unless , of course , you want all this cool stuff in the U.S.A .
In that case , you do have a problem , and it can be summed up in four words : AT&T , Verizon , Sprint , and T - Mobile .
The primary reason the most cutting - edge handsets almost always hit the United States last ( often minus some of their groovier features ) is the stranglehold the big four telecom carriers have on the U.S. market .
They control the horizontal and the vertical .
They determine what feature sets the phones have , down to the last widget .
And they take their sweet time about it .
Meanwhile , Samsung , et al , are already working on what 's next : fourth - generation , super - high - speed mobile broadband services .
Imagine riding the subway at 60 mph under the streets of Seoul streaming ESPN sports highlights to a netbook at 4 mbps .
I do n't have to imagine it , because I did it , using a WiMax connection from Korea Telecom and a Samsung WiBro- powered ( WiMax Broadband ) netbook .
Granted , WiBro is a stupid name .
Even in Seoul , access to the WiMax network is limited and speeds can vary wildly , depending on how far you are from the nearest WiMax base station .
But it 's a glimpse of what 's possible when a telecom and a technology innovator work together : fast Internet access available anywhere at any time .
In the United States , WiMax is available from Clearwire but only in very limited test markets : Baltimore , Las Vegas , Atlanta , and a handful of smaller ones .
So far , it does n't look promising -- some of its customers are threatening a class - action suit for poor service .
Meanwhile , the telecoms are still struggling with 3G and arguing over whether WiMax or a competing technology , LTE , will ultimately define what 4G becomes .
Given how painfully slowly many of these same players deployed landline broadband over the last decade , I do n't hold out much hope they will get their mobile act together very soon , if at all .
PC Mag editor Lance Ulanoff , who was sitting across from me on that Seoul subway ride , sums it up nicely :
I doubt U.S. consumers even understand the mess they 're facing .
Unlike South Korea , which seems to have settled on one type of 4G for its most populous city , the U.S. will have two options that are both claiming to be the fastest .
That 's a shame .
Now would be a good time for consumers to simply say no :
" We do n't want competing platforms .
Instead , give us one flavor of 4G and competing devices and service offerings .
Most of us will be using 4G with our laptops and we wo n't switch them as readily as we do our phones .
But we might switch carriers if we get a better deal or any perks .
If we end up with competing platforms , that 'll be impossible . "
Will we be a second - class nation when it comes to mobile broadband ?
It 's entirely possible .
Unless , of course , the world ends in the next few days .
In which case , it 's been nice knowing you .
Tired of the telecoms ?
Longing for a superfast mobile Net connection ?
Post your thoughts below or e-mail me : cringe@infoworld.com .
This week , Sigel 's announced that it is taking early orders for a dozen 6 - liter bottles of Unibroue 's La Fin Du Monde golden ale .
Catch is , these collector 's items come at the eyebrow - raising ( or unibrow - raising ) price of $ 219.99 a bottle .
And that 's a discount : the " regular price , " according to Sigel 's , is $ 249.99 .
One ebay seller is even asking $ 299.99 - - plus shipping !
Such an extravagant price would be more understandable if this were some rare , ultra - limited brew .
But La Fin Du Monde is relatively easy to find .
In fact , you can generally pick it up at Central Market and specialty wine and beer stores for as little as $ 6.99 for a 750 - ml corked bottle .
No doubt it 's a lovely ale .
A deceptively drinkable tripel ( 9 percent ABV ) , it 's a rowdy , bubbly Belgian - style ( from Quebec ) brew that 's equally malty , yeasty and citrus - hopped .
If Leffe and Duvel had a love child , it might taste something like La Fin Du Monde .
And yet ... one could buy eight of the Champagne - style bottles to get six liters of the same beer for as little as $ 55.92 .
Why would anyone pay nearly four times that amount for a single bottle ?
Hophead turned to Sigel 's Beer Buyer Bruce Calhoun for the answer to that question .
​ " It 's just like wine , " Calhoun answers .
" The bigger the bottle , the better it ages .
It has something to do with the amount of air that can get to it . "
Along with the potential to cellar for more than a decade , part of the appeal is that it 's a collectible novelty item .
When Sigel 's offered six 9 - liter bottles of Piraat tripel ( for a mere $ 294.99 ) earlier this summer , they had no problem selling them all .
Some of the buyers said they would age them , while others were beer clubs with plans to pop them open in short order .
Despite the considerably higher per-ounce price of these huge - format brews , beer geeks are all over them .
In fact , three of the six Piraat buyers have already contacted Calhoun about the 6 - liter La Fin Du Monde bottles .
The demand for craft beers has spiked in the past two or three years , Calhoun says , making these big - bottle offers successful .
And while he does n't have the next Methuselah - or Salmanazar - sized beer lined up yet , Calhoun is already making inquiries .
You could certainly impress your beer - loving pals with one of the beers at your next party .
Better yet , age it a few years and pop it open for a special occasion -- December 21 , 2012 seems perfectly fitting ( and check out the unibrows in that video - - eerie coincidence ! ) .
Either way , contact Calhoun at 214-350 - 1271 or by e-mail to reserve one .
As for City of Ate , we 're on a blogger 's budget .
We 'll stick with the 750 - ml bottles .
After forming as a tropical depression over the Pacific Ocean about 1,000 km east of the Philippines on August 2nd , Typhoon Morakot built in power and moved quickly west .
Over the past several days , the storm has passed over the Philippines , Taiwan and Mainland China , causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damage due to high winds , flooding and mudslides .
Southeast China evacuated nearly 1 million people ahead of the storm , after Morakot broke many records in Taiwan , dumping a total of 2.5 meters ( 100 inches ) of rain on the island .
At least 40 people are known to have died so far , but hundreds remain missing - many from one village in Taiwan , reportedly engulfed by a mudslide during the storm .
( 36 photos total
In part 1 of this series I wrote about a simple case where failure to define requirements for a software purchase ended up costing the business several thousands of dollars worth of wasted effort that had to be re-done .
The software purchase price was just a few hundred dollars , so it seemed okay to take shortcuts in the selection process .
The resulting loss was more than anyone bargained for .
In part 2 , this post , I ’m writing about a much larger purchase of custom - developed software .
This is a true story of a project that could have turned into a disaster .
It could have sunk a new startup company before it ever got off the ground .
It could have failed badly .
But this one actually has a happy ending .
Disaster was averted because the business owner stopped in the middle of the process to ask some key questions , and he acted on the answers .
The Background
The owner had a brand - new startup company with little more than a business plan and some funding .
The plan required a unique custom developed website with a high level of complexity .
Here are some of the requirements in general terms :
A set of consumer - facing pages that could be branded with the company ’s name or private labeled to business partners .
In the case of private labeling , there could be differences in fuctionality .
A set of pages and communication protocols to manage data exchange with another set of business partners .
Very secure private communications and protected private logins for consumers and business partners .
A complex and secure administrative back end to manage the entire enterprise .
The Steps
Here are the steps the business owner took to begin the software project :
He prepared a Request for Proposal ( RFP ) that specified the requirements .
He identified several vendors who were qualified to do the work .
He submitted the RFP to the vendors and received proposals from them .
He evaluated each proposal and spoke with each vendor about details .
The Problem
This was a good process as far as it went .
But it came to an impasse .
The owner identified one vendor that he felt comfortable working with .
But the vendor ’s proposed price was well over the budget that the owner could commit based on his funding .
The price was about $ 350,000 where the budget called for a maximum of $ 250,000 .
The owner did n’t want to throw away the work spent in establishing a rapport with the vendor , but he just could n’t agree to the price .
It would have jeopardized the entire startup .
The vendor maintained that the system they were proposing met the specifications , and for the system they were proposing their price was n’t flexible .
They could n’t move forward .
The Solution
Then the owner made a great decision .
He decided to bring in an outside consultant to take a fresh look .
That consultant happened to be me , which is how I know the details of the case .
Here ’s the process I followed :
I studied the RFP and the proposal in detail .
I asked the owner some questions to clarify details of the requirements .
I got on a conference call with the owner and the vendor to ask the vendor to explain how they were approaching key portions of the project and to explain why .
I pondered all the information I had gathered .
Here ’s what I concluded .
The owner had requested a secure , robust , flexible system .
The vendor was proposing an approach that would create an extremely secure , very robust , and supremely flexible system .
It would certainly work , and work very well , but it was on the order of a Rolls Royce level solution , where a Cadillac solution would have been sufficient .
I proposed some compromises in complexity , especially in the area of flexibility , and made sure that the owner and the vendor understood the ramifications of my suggestions .
They did , and they both agreed that the changes in approach were reasonable .
The vendor reworked the proposal according to my suggestions .
The new price was about $ 200,000 , a reduction of over 40 % and well under the owner ’s budget .
Everyone was happy .
The company launched under budget and is now well established .
But it could have been a total failure , all because the vendor had over - designed the solution because they had n’t asked enough questions about the real requirements .
Another victory for proper requirements planning !
At certain places in space called Lagrange points , the gravity of two massive bodies cancels out , allowing objects – such as telescopes – to remain ‘ parked ’ there ( Illustration : NASA )
With doubts brewing about the feasibility of returning to the moon or aiming straight for Mars , another option has emerged for our next steps into space : gravitational “ sweet spots ” called Lagrange points that lie at least 1 million kilometres away .
A White House - commissioned task force charged with reviewing NASA ’s spaceflight plans is considering recommending this as part of a “ deep space ” option in a report expected soon .
But why send humans to empty space ?
Lagrange , or Lagrangian , points are great swathes of space where the gravitational acceleration from the Earth and the sun are exactly equal , letting objects stick there with very little effort .
Because they ’re far from warm stars and planets , they make useful havens for ultra-cold telescopes that measure fluctuations in the temperature of deep space .
Advertisement
The Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) , which measures radiation from the big bang , lives at a Lagrange point called L2 more than 1 million kilometres away .
The successor to the Hubble Space Telescope , the massive James Webb Space Telescope , will also be sent to the spot , which lies in line with the sun and Earth ( see illustration ) .
Telescope repair
“ If you look at our list of future space telescope concepts , just about all of them are going to go to L2 , ” says Dan Lester of the University of Texas , Austin , who spoke to the spaceflight review committee in July .
“ That ’s going to be a very busy place out there . ”
But what would humans do there ?
One useful task is repairing and upgrading the new telescopes , like astronauts have done five times with Hubble .
“ Hubble is probably the most productive scientific facility ever developed in the history of science , and it ’s largely because every four or five years , we take out the old instruments … and go up with brand - new instruments that address different questions and embrace the latest technology , ” Lester says .
“ If we want to have humans having anything to do with these new telescopes , we really have to think about Lagrange points . ”
Solar system superhighway
Astronauts may not have to go as far as L2 to be useful .
Lagrange points exist in the Earth - moon system , and every other planet in the solar system also boasts Lagrange points with the sun .
It takes surprisingly little energy to travel between these points .
That ’s because massive bodies like the sun and planets have gravitational fields that resemble mountains and hills , but Lagrange points are all at gravitational lowlands .
Once set on the right path , spacecraft can coast along the gravitational contours of space between these lowlands , as if travelling on an interplanetary superhighway .
“ Going back and forth between Earth - sun Lagrange points and Earth - moon Lagrange points is pretty much a matter of giving the thing a swift kick , ” Lester told New Scientist .
Staging area
Future astronauts could repair telescopes at a staging area at the nearest Earth - moon Lagrange point and send them sailing back to L2 when they ’re done .
They could also assemble large telescopes or spaceships at the staging area and then send them out to farther - flung destinations .
Useful though it may be , is sending people to empty space the inspiring stuff of ticker - tape parades ?
Lester thinks it could be .
“ When you send people to fix a telescope , the country gets a lot more out of it than a fixed telescope .
You get excitement , pride , a chance to show off our capabilities in space , ” he says .
“ We did n’t leave footprints or plant flagpoles when we serviced the Hubble Space Telescope , and the public was just entranced . ”
Baby steps
Others see Lagrange points as stepping stones on the way to places like Mars .
“ It ’s a convenient crossroads on the way to a place you really want to visit , ” says Lou Friedman , founder and executive director of the Planetary Society , a space advocacy group that supports sending astronauts to Mars .
“ The place we all want to go is Mars .
Stepping out into interplanetary space , Lagrange points present the nearest milestone to Earth that ’s still beyond the moon , ” Friedman told New Scientist .
Going to L2 would take about a month and communications from Earth would take about four seconds to arrive at L2 , while a trip to Mars would take at least six months and would involve communications delays of about 20 minutes .
NASA could use a Lagrange mission to test technologies needed for a Mars trip – such as life - support systems and ways to protect astronauts from harmful radiation – while remaining in easy contact with Earth .
This is still not as dramatic as a straight shot to Mars , Friedman says , but he says baby steps have value .
“ The Gemini programme leading up to Apollo did n’t go anywhere [ except low - Earth orbit ] … but everyone understood that every step it took was on the way to the moon , ” he says .
“ I see what we could do at Lagrange points in the same way .
At each step we build up our capability to go further . ”
Follow Mirror.co.uk 's Michael Jackson memorial and funeral Live Blog , and do n't forget to leave your comments and messages .
Michael Jackson will be buried this week– without his brain .
As his family tries to finalise details for the King of Pop ’s funeral on Tuesday they have been told it will be held back for tests .
They faced the grim choice of waiting up to three weeks for Jackson ’s brain to be returned to them or go ahead and bury him without it – which they have decided to do .
Los Angeles Coroner ’s spokesman Craig Harvey confirmed that neuropathology tests will be carried out to see if it holds any clues to the exact cause of his death .
But the examination cannot begin until at least two weeks after the death when the brain has hardened sufficiently to slice it open .
Jackson died from a cardiac arrest at his Beverly Hills mansion on June 25 after a suspected overdose of painkillers .
Sources at the coroner ’s office revealed that his brain was removed before his body was released to relatives the next day .
A forensic neuropathologist will test Jackson ’s brain for , among other things , past drug use and whether he has suffered overdoses in the past .
The brain can also show any past abuse of alcohol or if the deceased had suffered from any one of a number of diseases .
The source said that removing the brain is the “ only way to carry out the tests ” .
“ The tissue has to be examined , ” he said .
“ I ca n’t tell you how long that is going to take . ”
One expert explained that the Jackson family could decide to wait and bury the brain with the rest of the body .
But it is far more common for the lab to burn the remains once they ’ve been examined or for them to be placed into the grave at a later date .
“ It ’s up to the family .
They can bury him and then bury the brain later on , ” said Dr Cyril Wecht , a former coroner and one of America ’s foremost forensic pathologists .
But he added : “ It ’s rare for the body to be held back for two weeks or more . ”
Jackson ’s body was handed over to his family soon after the three - hour autopsy was completed and the Jacksons went on to order a second forensic examination .
But Dr Wecht said : “ The brain can not be properly examined at the time of the autopsy .
You can not test it while it is in the body .
So it is cut off at the spinal cord and removed . ”
The brain would usually be placed in a plastic bucket , suspended in formaldehyde fluid , and put in a refridgerator at 4C to preserve it .
Dr Wecht went on : “ People do n’t realise how soft the brain is .
To do the type of detailed examination required you need to have the brain much harder – and for that you have to wait for at least 10 days to two weeks . ”
Dr Wecht , who was not involved in the Jackson autopsies , has reviewed and been consulted on many high - profile deaths , including John F. Kennedy , Elvis Presley and Anna Nicole Smith .
“ In Los Angeles they have a neuropathologist they work with , and he will be looking at the brain , ” he said .
It is cut into sections of less than half - an - inch thick and reviewed first by the naked eye and then through a microscopic .
“ That all takes 17 to 18 days , ” Dr Wecht added in an exclusive interview .
Dr Wecht , who chronicles his career dissecting more than 16,000 bodies in his best - selling memoir A Question Of Murder , added : “ In the 47 years I have been doing this I reckon only about one per cent of families say they want the brain back so they can bury it .
In most cases it is incinerated . ”
The autopsy is expected to show that the 50 - year - old singer had drugs in his system when he died .
At various times , he is said to have been taking Demerol and Oxycontin for pain from old back and leg injuries and Diprivan , a hospital anaesthetic , to help him sleep .
- MICHAEL Jackson starred as the Scarecrow in The Wiz , the 1978 musical version of The Wizard of Oz – playing the character without a brain opposite Diana Ross as Dorothy .
news@sundaymirror.co.uk
by Andrew
" [ I ] f you genuinely believe in the rule of law , you can't invoke political expediency as a guide to whether possible crimes should be investigated and prosecuted .
And the fact that the Attorney - General has decided to go forward should be seen as very positive sign , because it shows that he is willing to fulfill his constitutional responsibilities even if it is politically inconvenient for the president who appointed him .
I have no doubt that the president would prefer to " look forward , " because an investigation and / or prosecution will drive both the CIA and the right - wing media types crazy and because he 's got enough alligators to wrestle with already .
But he also promised us that he would end the politicization of the Department of Justice that his predecessor practiced , and Holder 's decision , however inconvenient for Obama , is a reassuring sign that there is still life in the U.S. Constitution , " - Stephen Walt .
Compare and contrast with once - libertarian Charles Murray , who sees only culture war politics as the salient issue :
Nothing but the Pauline Kael syndrome can explain the political idiocy of letting Attorney General Eric Holder go after the interrogators .
Nothing but the rule of law , that is .
Remember when that mattered to conservatives ?
The GOP could think of nothing else when impeaching a president for perjury in a civil trial .
But secretly committing war crimes and rigging the legal system to give you a golden shield from prosecution for torture ?
We should all stand up and applaud illegality , defend the politicians who broke the law and authorized the torture , abuse and murder of prisoners of war .
And you wonder why conservatism as it is currently exemplified disgusts me .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Fast , methodical , deadly .
Law - enforcement officers have compared the July 9 murder of a wealthy Florida couple known for their charity toward children with a " military operation , " a gripping reminder , experts say , that paramilitary tactics can be turned toward civilian destruction .
Saying the incident described " the worst in man , " Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan announced Tuesday that police had apprehended the seven main perpetrators – a group of day laborers and auto detailers .
" A couple of individuals with prior military background " were involved , Sheriff Morgan confirmed .
" It was a very well - planned and - executed operation . "
Robbery was the primary motive , and a safe was stolen from the home , officials said .
No further information was available about the suspects ' military connections at time of writing .
The speed and method of the attack , which involved two teams – some dressed in ninja - like garb – entering the house from two fronts had all the hallmarks of a SWAT - style intrusion usually seen in drug raids or war zones , say some criminologists .
According to surveillance videos from outside the house , the charge and retreat lasted no more than four minutes .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has long worried about military tactics seeping into general culture .
Then , earlier this year , the US Department of Homeland Security issued a report about right - wing extremism that cited concern about veterans being recruited by white supremacist organizations in preparation for a national race war .
The report was criticized by veterans groups and some conservative politicians as being unpatriotic .
The planning and the large number of perpetrators make this case highly unusual , says Gary Kleck , a criminology professor at Florida State University in Tallahassee .
Unlike most robberies , which are crimes of opportunity , these attackers seemed to expect a confrontation , which carries huge physical and legal risks , including the death penalty , if caught .
" For it to be as carefully planned , coordinated , and executed quickly , that 's why police are labeling it as military - style , " says Professor Kleck .
" The way it was carried out itself seems to justify the label . "
Military strategy has become " normalized " in American culture through video games , movies , and the common use of police SWAT teams for even low - level drug raids , says Peter Kraska , an Eastern Kentucky University criminologist who studies SWAT tactics .
" For criminals to take the same kind of approach should n't surprise anyone , " Professor Kraska says .
" You would not only see certain police types attracted to it , but ordinary folks – if they 're seduced by it in popular video , they might be seduced by it in real life , as well . "
The slain couple , Byrd and Melanie Billings , were high - profile residents of their small Panhandle town whose adoption of 13 children , most with special needs , had been reported in local newspapers .
They have 17 children overall , some grown , and nine children were in the house at the time of the attack .
Radley Balko , an editor at Reason magazine , says he 's documented growing numbers of cases in which robbers dress up as SWAT teams to get into homes , including a recent case in Maryland 's Prince George 's County .
Speaking independently from the Florida case , he says , " It 's troubling , as SWAT raids become more common , that criminals are sort of learning what 's happening with police tactics . "
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
Dr. Patricia A. Omidian started her work in Peshawar , Pakistan , in 1997 .
She traveled to and conducted research in Afghanistan from 1998 to 2001 , before moving to Kabul in March 2002 where she was based until January 2007 — she has been on the ground from before 9/11 until well after the US invasion and subsequent NATO occupation .
She has done extended fieldwork in Afghanistan both under the Taliban and under the US / NATO regimes .
She was there before the Human Terrain System was even established as “ proof of concept ” program .
She worked with women , refugees , and on health issues , as a civilian only .
Omidian is very critical of militarized anthropology .
Next to the work of Afghan anthropologist , M. Jamil Hanifi ( recently published on this blog ) , her insight is valuable and all too rare .
Patricia Omidian holds a PhD ( 1992 ) from the University of California San Francisco and University of California Berkeley ’s joint program in medical anthropology .
She has worked as an applied anthropologist in Afghanistan and Pakistan since 1997 .
Dr. Omidian is currently an Associate Professor and the Head of Social Sciences for the Aga Khan University ’s Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Karachi , Pakistan .
Patricia Omidian has also served as Chil­dren and War Advisor for Save the Chil­dren United States .
In 2001 and 2002 , she worked as the Tech­ni­cal Advisor for the Com­pre­hen­sive Mental Health Program , Co­or­di­na­tion of Hu­man­i­tar­i­an As­sis­tance ( CHA ) Afghanistan Program where she de­vel­oped the first com­mu­ni­ty mental health program in Afghanistan .
She has also worked with the Afghan Women ’s Network ( AWN ) , the In­ter­na­tion­al Rescue Com­mit­tee ( IRC ) , and UNIFEM , as well as other or­ga­ni­za­tions .
You can read ( or listen to ) a full interview with Dr. Omidian by the American Friends Service Committee , and see an article about her in the Christian Science Monitor .
She can be reached at patricia.omidian@aku.edu .
Living and Working in a War Zone : An Applied Anthropologist in Afghanistan
Dr. Omidian is the author of an article titled , “ Living and Working in a War Zone : An Applied Anthropologist in Afghanistan , ” published in the Spring 2009 issue of Practicing Anthropology ( Vol. 31 , No. 2 , pages 4 - 11 ) .
I have extracted passages from that article , detailing her views on the Human Terrain System ( the section headings are my own ) .
Omidian ’s article is primarily a discussion of action anthropology as it has unfolded for her in Afghanistan from 1998 to 2008 and she highlights examples from the field between December 2001 and December 2008 .
Speaking as an applied anthropologist with a wealth of experience in Afghanistan , she shows how “ the role of the anthropologist must be kept separate from any armed actors in the field in order to maintain ethical integrity , standards for proper research and the safety of those who are studied and of those who carry out the studies . ”
Disarming Anthropology
Omidian stresses that it was important for her to try to remain neutral in her own work and that she never carried a weapon ( unlike some of the anthropologists working in the Human Terrain System ) :
I never carried a weapon , nor did I allow my staff or surveyors to be armed .
When working in areas of high conflict , having weapons or armed guards can increase the level of risk to myself and those with whom I work .
It sets up a power imbalance in the wrong direction when doing fieldwork .
In Afghanistan where tribal and or extended family relationships matter , using a weapon to protect oneself can lead to a situation of subsequent retaliation .
The only person a gun protects in this kind of situation is the person with the most guns or the person who can garner the greater support from others .
It also creates a question among the beneficiaries of trust .
( p. 4 )
Militarized anthropology puts both anthropology , and the anthropological researcher , at great risk :
Militarized anthropology subverts our work and puts us on an ethical slippery slope .
It also increases the danger to us as the local people with whom we work find it difficult to distinguish between combatants and non-combatants , the soldiers and the civilian aid workers — jeopardizing personal safety and development work , while increasing the likelihood of future violence .
( p. 4 )
As head of the American Friends Service Committee ( AFSC ) office in Kabul , Omidian did not allow any guns on the premises .
This occasionally led to problems , for example , once a consultant from the US , funded by US State Department , wanted to visit our office .
I was looking forward to seeing her but the regulations for her safety as a US contractor demanded that she be in sight of her armed guards when traveling anywhere outside of her office compound ( which was actually on one of the US military bases in Kabul ) .
Unfortunately we were at an impasse .
No guns or soldiers were allowed in our compound and she was not allowed to enter if her guards did not come with her .
We held the meeting elsewhere .
( p. 7 )
Militarizing Aid Work : No Boundary Between Foreign Combatants and Foreign Aid Workers
Patricia Omidian notes that as aid work in Afghanistan became more dangerous , the US and NATO increased their use of Provincial Reconstruction Teams ( PRTs ) , “ military groups that tried to engage in reconstruction activities , including the building of schools , clinics or water systems . ”
She tells us that most NGOs worked hard to distance themselves from military actors , including the PRTs .
Some NGOs even tried very hard to discourage the US / NATO from expanding the PRT system , and failed .
Although the idea of using the military to provide aid sounds like a good idea , it is removing the symbolic boundary that aid workers ( and anthropologists ) need to stay safe and which allows us to be seen by local communities as neutral .
That boundary no longer exists in Afghanistan .
( p. 7 ) The military bid for Afghan “ hearts and minds ” means that there is no longer a distinction between armed and non-armed actors .
Afghanistan has since become one of the most dangerous countries for aid workers .
( p. 7 )
Indeed , Omidian , and others like her , were at risk on occasions when militants would search neighbourhoods looking for any foreigners , or in cases where riots erupted in Kabul that targeted international non-governmental organizations .
Militarized Anthropology : The Worst of All Applied Anthropology
Omidian speaks of the introduction of the Human Terrain System ( HTS ) , and specifically addresses the use of anthropologists to purportedly help the military understand local communities and reduce deaths .
She compares it unfavorably with applied and action anthropology :
Yet , if action anthropology is fraught with problems and has been criticized for an arrogance in failing to recognize the horrors of unintended consequences that result from our interventions , how much more so will this critique sit on those militarized anthropologists ….
Trust is hard to establish but critical to any field endeavor .
As an applied anthropologist I work for the people I “ study ” not for those who pay my way .
To do otherwise hurts more than myself , it also damages the profession and the anthropological position to “ do no harm . ” ( p. 9 )
Speaking to the question of power imbalances between the researcher and local community , Omidian asks “ How does the militarized anthropologist deal with the imbalance of power ? ”
When I enter a village , it is by local transport , whatever that might be , possibly by foot , donkey , horseback , jeep , car or van .
But I come with a group of Afghan aid workers , by invitation of the local community or by a representative .
I am not naïve and I know that there is a clear imbalance of power in any relationship I establish but those lines of power actually work both ways .
The local community may or may not protect me , while I can leave when I want .
The community can also ask me to leave , refuse to speak to me or invite me to stay a while .
Based on what is happening around me , I can usually respond appropriately .
The HTS of the military works by different rules .
( p. 10 )
What Kind of Anthropology is Militarized Anthropology ?
Omidian also asks : “ If our task is to understand the day - to - day lives of people and we are to ‘ do no harm ’ , how does a militarized anthropology fit our definition of anthropology ? ” ( p. 10 ) .
To enter a community as a member of the military , a person with power and the weight of the US army behind her / him brings about a level of power that the local person cannot act against — since any reaction can get them arrested or killed .
( p. 10 )
As she reminds us , whatever we do as anthropologists can be used against the people we study :
We have to do the best we can to protect those whom we study , with whom we share lives and to whom we owe our profession .
Militarized anthropology is about a gross imbalance of power , as well as the subversion of a discipline that has an ethical challenge to do no harm as we work among those who may lack power in the global setting .
( p. 10 )
Indeed , militarized anthropology is nothing less than abuse :
In the declared “ war against terror ” many ethical standards ( including human rights and freedom from torture ) have been set aside .
Militarized anthropology is just one more in the long list .
( p. 11 )
And what is being done now in returning anthropology the colonial fold by means of imperial military employment , will come back to bite the discipline :
This is a slippery slope that reminds me that the damage may not show right away .
Yet , I have not doubt it will come back to haunt us .
I was speaking at a seminar in Karachi in December 2008 when I was asked to explain why anthropologists helped the British subjugate the Sub - Continent and then worked against the Muslims .
This man was referring to the way social anthropology was introduced and used in the first half of the twentieth century , but his question was fair .
Just as those who were perceived to support colonialism in British India , the militarized anthropologists will be seen to act on behalf of the army they serve and not for the good of the local community they study .
( p. 11 )
My Conclusions
We frequently hear , from the side of the militarized anthropologists , their distress and concern about the “ tone ” of debate , emphasizing their ( suddenly rediscovered when expedient ) concern for “ collegiality , ” as if tonality and amiability mattered more than anything else in these debates .
Well , here is Patricia Omidian , writing in the politest tone , without a hint of acrimony — will she be duly ignored or dismissed ?
Here is a person with unrivaled experience and insights as an American anthropologist in Afghanistan , topping and besting the best of whatever personnel HTS has promoted in its propaganda .
Will they listen to her , and respond with the respect her arguments deserve ?
Anthropologists who wish to serve the military , in word and / or in deed , are entirely free to do so .
Nobody is stopping them , and all those who count , those with money and power , are encouraging them to join .
Their freedom to do so , however , does not come at the expense of our freedom to criticize , rebuke , and reject .
Nor do they get to set the terms of the debate , nor are they automatically entitled to be accepted .
If there is one thing that the militarized anthropologists should not arrogate as their right , is the right to speak in all of our names , and to darken us with their cloudy endeavours and their compromises .
How unsurprising that the white people should side with the Cowboys as the “ good guys ” , against the Indians .
Anthropology recapitalutes imperialism like phylogeny recapitulates ontogeny .
Correction Appended
SHANGHAI , Oct. 16 - Move over , New York .
This year alone , Shanghai will complete towers with more space for living and working than there is in all the office buildings in New York City .
That is in a city that already has 4,000 skyscrapers , almost double the number in New York .
And there are designs to build 1,000 more by the end of this decade .
China 's real estate market is so hot that miniature cities are being created with artificial lakes , and the country 's nouveau riche suddenly seem eager to put down as much as $ 5.3 million for a luxury apartment in skyscrapers with names like the Skyline Mansion .
For decades after the Communists took over in 1949 , there was relatively little housing construction or office building under central planning .
But since the early 1990's , Shanghai and other cities have been making up for lost time .
And this year the building boom is at a frenzy , with the nation expected to lay down the finishing blocks on 4.7 billion square feet or more of construction , a record , up from 2 billion in 1998 .
