A Tampa grandmother spent a night behind bars after she used some old - school discipline on her dirty - mouthed granddaughter .
Theresa Collier , 73 , spent the night in jail with other inmates after she slapped her 18 - year - old granddaughter in the face for using foul language .
When Collier 's granddaughter Felicia used the f-word several times during an argument over doing homework , Collier had had enough .
" She uses the F - word like " the " and I know the kids that age use it all the time but it 's not my language , " Collier told WFLA .
" So I got up and slapped her across the face , just as simple as that . "
Felicia called the cops , and grandma was hauled away in handcuffs .
" So scary , just so scary , " said Collier of her night in the big house .
" They all came up to me , every one of them , wanting to know ' what are you in here for ? ' "
The charges were later dropped , but now Grandma Collier has a criminal arrest record .
She swears she 'd do it again anyway .
The most exciting new idea for tackling poverty and feeding billions around the world has got nothing to do with hydroelectric dams or back - slapping summitry .
Instead , this one begins with a story about kung - fu movies .
In the mid-90s , Claire Melamed was working in a village in the far north of Mozambique .
Nacuca had no electricity , nor running water , and precious few distractions .
As the development economist recalls : " Villagers would ask , ' We have to live here , but how come you 've chosen to stay ? "
Then one day visitors came , bearing entertainment .
They were former soldiers from Mozambique 's long civil war and , like the other 90,000 or so demobbed men , they were getting $ 15 a month from donors , along with some funding to start businesses .
This lot had pooled the hand - outs to buy a TV , a video recorder and a generator .
Oh , and a few old Bruce Lee tapes .
The former soldiers toured villages across Mozambique showing copies of Enter the Dragon and Fist of Fury for cash or , failing that , maize and cassava .
And they went down a storm in the remote rural yawn of Nacuca , staying for days and playing the same films over and over .
What Melamed saw in Mozambique was one of the first major exercises in what is now among the most talked - about new ideas in aid , called cash transfers – or , as a new book title puts it , " Just give money to the poor " , as those donors did to the former soldiers .
The authors , Joseph Hanlon , Armando Barrientos and David Hulme , count 45 countries that hand cash to more than 110 m families .
In Brazil , poor families can collect money from lottery shops .
Pick - up trucks drive across Namibia , bearing safes with cash machines welded on the front , used by old ladies to take out their monthly pensions .
It sounds forehead - smackingly obvious : is n't giving cash to the poor what we do every time we shovel change into an envelope , or pledge a donation to Comic Relief ?
But when that money – whether from individuals or governments or big international institutions like the World Bank – gets to Africa or Asia , it 's typically turned into new roads , schools , even community radio stations .
The idea is to give poor people the infrastructure and training they need to lift themselves out of destitution .
Or perhaps I should say that was the idea .
Looking back over the last few years , we see in retrospect a brief golden period for aid .
It was marked in Britain by turning Clare Short into the new secretary of state for international development , and defined internationally by the 2005 pledge at Gleneagles of the G8 richest countries to give more money to Africa .
And it appears to be drawing to a close .
Academics and writers such as Bill Easterly and Dambisa Moyo now gain plaudits for books with titles such as Dead Aid .
Recession - hit politicians at events such as last weekend 's G20 summit in Toronto avoid even mentioning the Gleneagles promises .
And when official money is handed over , it often ends up on the most useless projects .
In 2008 , Berlin spent half a million dollars on what it called a " basic nutrition project " but which turned out to be a scheme to reduce unpleasant smells from food - processing factories in China and ( naturally enough ) Germany .
That would be called a joke , if it was only remotely funny .
Against all that , the idea of just handing over a hefty chunk of the world 's $ 100bn aid money directly to the 1.4bn people living on less than $ 1.25 a day is pretty attractive .
Less funny business from donors , and far less waste .
And what makes this most remarkable of all is that while the rich countries squabble over how much money to give and in what form , this initiative has sprung largely from the poor nations – usually under pressure from some of their poorest people .
This is the world of aid turned upside down .
A couple of years ago , Oxfam tried the idea out in a few villages in Vietnam .
Charity workers gave the equivalent of three years ' wages in one go to more than 400 families .
When they returned they found that poverty had dropped through the floor , with most of the money spent sensibly on food or fertilisers , seeds and cows .
But older people had put some cash towards coffins , explaining that funerals were a major expense .
And one group had built a communal house , to practise yoga .
It takes a village to raise a child , Hillary Clinton once wrote ; on this showing , it takes just a few million Vietnamese dong to raise a village into a bijou Notting Hill .
Findings such as these have led the author Joe Hanlon to call for most of the Gleneagles millions to be shovelled into poor people 's pockets .
That 's going too far : individual donations cannot replace schools or hospitals .
It may be that giving cash works best when there are amenities and opportunities – and people who can use both .
As Richard Dowden at the Royal African Society points out : " Village communities are often tightly controlled by elders , chiefs and kings .
Just handing over dollars to a rural community – even to the supposedly poorest people – risks reinforcing that hierarchy . "
But , qualifications aside , the concept is only going to get more popular .
Indeed , New York recently tried the idea with its poor citizens , handing over money if they successfully sent their kids to school .
Cash transfers may first have been made in a poor country , but the idea travels well .
A bit like those Bruce Lee films .
Teenager Lindsay Binegar Buys House with 4 - H Prize Pig Savings
After saving up more than $ 40,000 , Lindsay Binegar from Greenfield , Ohio was able to buy a house at age 18 .
Lindsay Binegar of Greenfield , Ohio made her first $ 100 at the age of four , when she won a prize for showing a pig from her family ’s farm to the local 4 - H Club .
Most kids would be thrilled to spend that money on a shopping spree at Toys ‘R Us .
But not Lindsay .
“ I did n’t get the money ; it went to the bank , ” she told The Columbus Dispatch .
Over the years , Lindsay kept on raising and showing pigs , and kept on winning prizes .
Some were $ 100 for small wins ; champion prizes from the county fair paid in the thousands .
Before long , she had raked up an impressive amount of cash — but , aside from a purse when she was 14 , Lindsay had never spent a dime of her savings .
By the time she was 18 , she had amassed more than $ 40,000 , which she planned to put towards her college education at nearby Ohio University .
But her parents proposed another alternative : if she continued living at home while attending school , they would n’t have to pay for her dorm housing , and would be willing to cover the entire cost of her education .
It sounded like a good deal to Lindsay .
But what should she do with her savings ?
Her father had an idea : buy a house , just as he ’d done when he was younger .
He used the house ’s sale to help him purchase the family farm where Lindsay had grown up and raised all those lucrative hogs .
Lindsay was able to afford a modest fixer - upper in Greenfield , paying for the entire purchase in cash .
She did a bit of painting and added new carpets , and then rented it out to some relatives for $ 450 a month .
After finishing college , Lindsay plans to marry her fiancé , Heath McNeal , and use the income from her house to help them buy a block of land and build a new house .
But she ’ll never move too far from home .
“ I would never move out of Greenfield , ” she said .
“ I just love everybody here . ”
At her current rate , she ’ll probably be the town ’s biggest real estate tycoon by 25 .
Image caption
The law has provoked protests by civil rights and religious groups
Mexico has waded into a legal challenge to a new immigration law in the US state of Arizona .
In papers submitted to a US federal court , the Mexican government argues that the law is unconstitutional and would damage bilateral relations .
It says it is concerned that it could lead to unlawful discrimination against Mexican citizens .
The law - which comes into force on 29 July - makes it a state crime to be in Arizona without immigration papers .
It also requires police to question people about their immigration status , if officers suspect the person is in the US illegally , and if they have stopped them for a legitimate reason .
The Mexican government submitted arguments as a " friend of the court " , or amicus curiae , meaning it is not a party to the case , but is offering a legal opinion which it believes has bearing on it .
It is in support of a case brought by a group of civil rights organisations , including the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund , the National Immigration Law Center , and the American Civil Liberties Union .
' Discriminatory acts '
It urges the federal court in Arizona to declare the law unconstitutional and stop it coming into effect .
" Mexico has a duty to protect its citizens and ensure that their ethnic origin is not used as a basis for committing discriminatory acts , " the Mexican foreign ministry said in a statement .
Image caption Arizona 's governor says the border is not secure
It said it would respond forcefully to any violation of the fundamental human rights of all Mexicans in Arizona , independent of their immigration status .
The action is one of five separate challenges to the Arizona immigration law .
The measure has widespread support in Arizona , where there is growing concern at the flow of illegal migrants across the border from Mexico .
Arizona governor Jan Brewer has said she was forced to act because the federal government had failed to tackle illegal immigration .
Other states are considering similar moves .
President Barack Obama has called the law misguided .
He has made immigration reform a priority , amid pressure from US border states for action to help curb illegal immigration and drug violence .
Last month , he said he would seek more funding and deploy up to 1,200 extra troops to help secure the US - Mexico border .
BERLIN  President Horst Köhler of Germany resigned Monday amid a barrage of criticism for remarks he made during a visit to Afghanistan .
It was the first time in four decades that a German president has quit the post , the nation ’s highest even though it is largely ceremonial .
Mr. Köhler set off the criticism when he said in an interview with Deutschland Radio , the public broadcasting station , that German soldiers serving in Afghanistan or with other peacekeeping missions were deployed to protect German economic interests .
His resignation was another blow for Chancellor Angela Merkel , a close friend and an important conservative ally .
She had lobbied hard for him to become president , first in 2004 and again in May 2009 , and his departure came just a week after another leading conservative politician , Roland Koch , resigned as premier of the state of Hesse , saying he had had enough of politics .
Desktop applications for ' Information Management ' that go beyond conventional card - index style databases are hard to find .
The ideas behind such software are perhaps not that well known , so a prototype program , Knowledge , has been developed to put them firmly into the public domain .
Fields in any record can be arbitrarily changed .
Fields in any record can be arbitrarily changed .
The why
' Idealist ' - a long - discontinued program developed for Windows by the publishers Blackwell - was taken as a source of inspiration .
This type of software indexes text as it is entered and allows rapid text searching , making it useful for storing notes and observations as well as archival information .
Users of Idealist included museums , medical practices for storing patient records , academics for bibliographic databases , and even by the police for use in investigations .
Nowadays there is specialist commercial software for many of these purposes , but for individuals who want a straightforward desktop application for building up databases of the things that interest them there is little to choose from .
This is despite the fact that libraries for text searching , such as Xapian and Lucene , are now freely available .
The how
Knowledge was coded in Python to save development time and , while incomplete , allows the ideas behind Information Management software to be explored .
Knowledge goes beyond existing KDE applications for storing textual information in a searchable format ( Knotes etc. ) because the data is stored in a highly structured way , which provides many possibilities for both the GUI display of data , and for searches .
The data is stored in records , but unlike most other databases these are flexible as fields within each can be arbitrarily added , removed or re-ordered .
Dialogue for defining field types .
Each type has associated style information ( colour etc. ) .
Field and record type definitions are saved with the database .
Dialogue for defining field types .
Each type has associated style information ( colour etc . ) .
Field and record type definitions are saved with the database .
Each field contains data of a certain type , such as text , an image , a web address , or a number .
Most field types allow a caption to be stored with the data .
Search operations for integers , floats and dates have been implemented ; text searches are not yet available .
The user must define the fields that are needed , for example Year ( integer ) , Cost ( float ) , Author ( text ) , Title ( text ) etc .
These definitions are stored with the database .
Each field type has its own style settings , so for example Author fields can be declared to be green with italic text .
The user must also define Record types , and a default combination of fields for each .
These are used in search operations , for example it is possible to search the entire database for Records that contain a Year field that contains a value between 1989 and 1996 , or the search can be restricted to Records of a particular type , ' bookType ' perhaps .
It is possible to have Records of many different types within a database .
Search operations produce a hit - list of records , which can be stepped through with the keypad + and - keys .
Every Knowledge database has a ' Home ' Record - and there is button to set the hit - list to this record .
The Home Record typically contains navigation information to help the user .
' Macro ' fields can be included in any record , but are especially useful in the home Record .
In a Macro field , a button is displayed , which the user may click to execute some commands which the user has defined for that field .
Using the search dialogue to perform a search for an integer .
In this example , records of type ' bookType ' that contain a
' Year ' field will be searched .
Those records
for which the Year field contains a value between 1992
and 2003 will be placed in the hit list .
Float and integer searches
are fully implemented in the current release .
Using the search dialogue to perform a search for an integer .
In this example , records of type ' bookType ' that contain a ' Year ' field will be searched .
Those recordsfor which the Year field contains a value between 1992 and 2003 will be placed in the hit list .
Float and integer searchesare fully implemented in the current release .
Typically these are search commands to create a new hit - list ( perhaps all Records of type ' bookType ' ) , or perhaps just to display a record that contains hints for using that database .
This feature ( also borrowed from Idealist ) helps the user to structure their data , and helps to aid navigation for large databases .
The Macro language is not implemented as yet - but the power of the idea should be evident .
Using the search dialogue to perform word or phrase searching .
In this example , all text fields in records of type ' bookType ' will
be searched .
Records that contain a text field that contains
the word or phrase will be placed in the hit list .
NB : The text
indexing system is not yet implemented so text searches
do not yet work .
Using the search dialogue to perform word or phrase searching .
In this example , all text fields in records of type ' bookType ' willbe searched .
Records that contain a text field that containsthe word or phrase will be placed in the hit list .
NB : The textindexing system is not yet implemented so text searchesdo not yet work .
Status
Writing the prototype database has taken one year ( including the time to get to grips with Qt and SQL ) .
The project is too large for a part - time project , and now that the prototype is far enough advanced to allow the ideas to be readily understood it is time to try to attract the attention of some experienced KDE developers .
The prototype program uses the Qt libraries , but the desire is to switch it to KDE libs to make full use of KDE facilities .
The author can be contacted via kde - apps ( user agkdb ) but currently a cool project webpage is lacking .
So besides developers interested in working on Knowledge , anyone who wants to set up such a page is more than welcome !
The U.S. Congress will acknowledge the role of slave labor in building the U.S. Capitol Building in a ceremony scheduled for Wednesday , June 16 , reports the Afro American .
Slaves helped build the Capitol and were also involved in the construction of the White House , working as carpenters , masons and manual laborers .
The event is scheduled to take place in the Rayburn Room and will be attended by the leadership of the Democratic and Republican parties .
Black historians have long known of the involvement of slaves in the construction of federal buildings , however efforts to acknowledge and honor the role of slave labor began in earnest after a Washington TV journalist reported new evidence while doing research for the Capitol ’s bicentennial celebrations .
“ A USA Today story filed by Melanie Eversley on February 27 , 2006 , entitled ‘ Memorial Eyed for Slaves Who Helped Build Capitol ’ reports that Ed Hotaling , a retired Washington TV reporter , was among the first to bring widespread attention to the fact that slaves were an integral part of the construction of the U.S. Capitol , building and grounds , after he discovered historical information about it back in 2000 . ”
A task force was established by Congress in 2005 to study the issue and later recommended that the great hall in the Capitol Visitor Center be named Emancipation Hall .
“ The name change became official on December 22 , 2007 by Public Law 110 - 139 . ”
The House of Representatives attempted to address the issue in 2009 with a resolution that was opposed by only one vote , Rep. Stephen King ( R - Iowa ) .
In 2008 , the House of Representatives passed a non-binding resolution apologizing for slavery and the era of Jim Crow .
The resolution acknowledged that vestiges of Jim Crow remain .
The Congressional Black Caucus is currently urging the federal government to address some of these problems by passing summer jobs legislation particularly for Black and Latino youth .
Slaves involved in the construction were “ rented ” from area plantations .
Over 400 were involved in the construction .
The slaves were paid $ 5 a month which was turned over to their owners .
Both Maryland and Virginia , which abut the federal enclave , were slave states .
Several U.S. presidents were slave owners and brought their slaves to work in the White House .
The White House and the U.S. Department of Justice is currently stepping up efforts to enforce civil rights laws .
Photo : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , left , and First Lady Michelle Obama will help dedicate the plaque honoring slave labor that built the U.S. Capitol .
( CC )
Image caption Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was found dead in a hotel room in Dubai
The Irish Republic is to expel an Israeli diplomat over the use of fake passports in the killing of a Hamas official in Dubai .
Foreign Minister Micheal Martin said an investigation had proved that eight Irish passports used in the operation were forgeries .
Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was found dead in a Dubai hotel in January .
Dubai police have said they are 99 % sure Israeli agents were involved , though Israel says there is no proof .
Mr Martin said in a statement that Israel had been " requested to withdraw a designated member of staff of its embassy " and that he expected the request would " be quickly acceded to " .
" The misuse of Irish passports by a state with which Ireland enjoys friendly , if sometimes frank , bilateral relations is clearly unacceptable and requires a firm response , " he said .
In Jerusalem , foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said the Israeli government regretted the Irish decision , which he said was " not in line with the importance of our relationship with the Irish government " .
' No denial '
Forged British , French , Australian , and German passports were also used in the Dubai operation .
The UK and Australia have already expelled Israeli nationals over the forgeries .
Mr Martin said the Irish had co-operated closely with British and Australian authorities in their investigation of the killing .
He cited " the inescapable conclusion that an Israeli government agency was responsible for the misuse and , most likely , the manufacture of the forged Irish passports associated with the murder of Mr Mabhouh " .
Irish authorities had asked for Israeli help in their investigation , he said , but such efforts had " yielded no response and no denial of Israeli involvement " .
Six of the eight fake passports used the numbers of existing Irish passport holders , while the other two contained invented numbers conforming to the Irish format , the foreign ministry said .
Mr Martin said those whose passport numbers had been used had been issued with new passports and that he was confident this would allow them " to travel free from any suspicion " .
" As I have stated from the outset , my priority throughout this affair has been to ensure the security of the innocent Irish citizens affected and to protect the integrity of the Irish passport , " he said .
Last week it emerged that authorities in Poland arrested a suspected Israeli agent in connection with Mr Mabhouh 's death .
Germany is seeking his extradition over a forged German passport used by one of the killers .
Too big to be nailed
( Fortune ) --
The news that Hewlett - Packard is the target of a German - Russian bribery investigation spotlights a seldom mentioned reason for the U.S. government 's recently stepped - up enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act : other countries are finally starting to crack down on corruption cases .
U.S. firms have their own government to thank for closing the pinchers : the Justice Department has been leaning on foreign governments for years to enact , and enforce legislation that backs up long - standing OECD anti-bribery conventions .
Now that they are , Uncle Sam has also stepped - up enforcement of the FCPA law , which has been on the books since 1977 .
The prior laxity in enforcement could well have come about because the US government was loathe to put U.S. firms at a disadvantage to overseas competition .
But with the international investigation into HP , the rules seem to have changed .
" Candidly , the level of enforcement outside the U.S. is not where we'd like it to be , " Mark Mendelsohn , Justice 's top FCPA enforcer , acknowledged in a recent interview .
( Mendelsohn recently announced he 'll be leaving for the private sector , spinning once again the revolving door between regulators and industry . )
But , " there are pockets of progress . "
International Corruption Enforcement : Possible Tit- for- tat
Yet even stepped up enforcement by the world 's major developed economies seems dwarfed by both the crimes and the punishments that could have been doled out .
Germany targeted , as its first prey , a high - profile American firm -- for allegedly paying an 8 million euro bribe to secure a 35 million euro contract with the Russian prosecutor general 's office , seven years ago .
Observers believe that the move may have been a way of returning the favor to the U.S. for bagging and fining two of Germany 's most prominent companies , Siemens and Daimler .
The speculation is just that though -- and may be off the mark .
After all , it was German officials who first raided Siemens .
The Americans piled in later , splitting the $ 1.6 billion in fines with Germany .
However , an examination of the Justice Department 's three most recent high - profile corruption cases involving foreign firms seems to give weight to the theory that geo-political and " too big too be nailed " calculations and are being weighed from the moment an FCPA investigation gets underway .
BAE , Siemens and Daimler
Take the BAE case .
Although snagged in the FCPA net , the firm was merely charged with making false statements -- claiming it had enacted FCPA compliance reforms after earlier alleged violations -- not for actual bribery charges .
This softer settlement allowed the company to avoid debarment from government contracts , which would have been mandatory under EU directives , and possibly ruinous to the British firm .
BAE recently added former Homeland Security czar Michael Chertoff to its board , a savvy move for the sixth largest U.S. defense contractor and burgeoning homeland security player .
Meanwhile , the settlement reached with German firm Siemens in December allows it to continue doing business with the U.S. government , enabling it to win a new contract from the Justice Department .
So much for taking a damaging reputational hit ; some firms , it seems , are simply too big to do without .
Daimler also dodged potentially lethal bullets by virtue of corruption investigations , in a deal blessed by a U.S. judge this month that focused criminal charges on two of its subsidiaries , rather than the German parent company , which the Justice department said " saw foreign bribery as a way of doing business . "
The complaint said Daimler engaged in " a brazen scheme that lasted at least a decade and involved ten of millions of dollars of " improper payments " to " foreign officials in at least 22 countries ... to assist in securing contracts with government customers for the purchase of Daimler vehicles valued at hundreds of millions of dollars "
It stretches credulity that senior executives at HQ did not know this was going on .
That , or their financial controls were a shambles .
Did the fines fit the crimes ?
The fines exacted by Justice and the SEC in these cases were all reached by settlement rather than potentially embarrassing trials , and were all far higher than anything seen in the past - $ 185 million from Daimler , $ 400 million from BAE and $ 800 million from Siemens .
Yet they were also significantly below minimum sentencing guidelines , and far less than the hundreds of millions in revenue the firms earned during the time their criminal activity took place -- typically over many years .
That means all the firms charged emerged with a net bottom - line gain .
That hardly seems to fulfill the Justice Department 's aim of instilling maximum deterrence , and could , cynically and expensively , be seen by big firms as just another cost of doing business .
All that troubles some observers , probably none more than Michael Koehler , who after ten years at a law firm working on such cases , now teaches at Butler University , and blogs with brio on the subject .
" There are individuals sitting in jail this morning eating their breakfast for violating the FCPA anti-bribery provisions , " says Koehler .
" What do you say to those people who are in jail for conduct that those other companies [ e.g. , BAE , Siemens , Daimler ] and those companies ' employees were essentially immune from ?
It just rubs me the wrong way . "
One answer is that legal principles may have hit real world constraints : these behemoth companies have benefited from being " too big " to be hit by the full punch of the statute .
They did deservedly get credit for cooperation -- thus lowering their culpability score , in the sentencing guideline formula .
On the other hand , that cooperation came after -- not before -- the firms were busted .
If the book were thrown at them , the firms could possibly suffer fatal wounds .
Indeed , the specter of the Arthur Anderson , which imploded in 2002 after a criminal conviction , may give prosecutors pause .
Essentially driven out of business due to its connection to Enron , the Supreme Court vacated the convictions against it in 2005 , long after the damage was done .
These are early days in the new FCPA arena , but the Department of Justice already has some 140 cases under investigation , and defense lawyers and compliance consultants are ramping up to match them .
Justice and SEC will now work up their own investigations into HP , and exact a pound of flesh , if they can .
Shareholders too , might follow with a lawsuit of their own .
Under the stepped - up FCPA enforcement , which began under Bush but has been ramped - up by the Obama Administration , executives are also being targeted for personal criminally liability .
If prosecutions start reaching into boardrooms , as U.K. authorities already have in a case involving ALSTOM , the French power company , anti-corruption enforcement could finally turn serious .
The Save Lucy Committee is proud to announce that Lucy the Elephant & Gift Shop is still open 7 days a week and operating under its Fall Business Hours until the end of October !
MONDAY – FRIDAY
11:00 AM – 4:00 PM
( Tours at 11 am , 11:45 am , 12:30 pm , 1:15 pm , 2 pm , 2:45 pm , and 3:30 pm )
SATURDAY & SUNDAY
10:00 AM – 5:00 PM
( Tours at 10:15 am , 11 am , 11:45 am , 12:30 pm , 1:15 pm , 2 pm , 2:45 pm , 3:30 pm , and 4:15 pm )
We ca n’t wait for you to come visit us ; however , there are a few things you should know before your visit .
We have taken certain preventative measures to ensure the health and safety of our staff , volunteers , and guests .
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with the important information below :
1 ) . FACE MASKS or other suitable face coverings MUST BE WORN before entering Lucy ’s Gift Shop or inside Lucy the Elephant on our Guided Tour .
Scarves , bandannas , or other similar coverings are acceptable .
2 ) . We are asking all visitors to PRACTICE SOCIAL / PHYSICAL DISTANCING by leaving 6 feet between you and other guests while visiting .
This includes inside Lucy ’s Gift Shop , inside Lucy the Elephant while on tour , and outside on the grounds surrounding Lucy the Elephant .
3 ) . BUSINESS HOURS & GUIDED TOURS– Guided Tours are approximately 20 - 25 minutes long and are conducted every 45 MINUTES , allowing time for high - contact surfaces such as handrails and exhibit windows to be disinfected between each tour .
In this ever - changing health crisis , be advised that our business hours may change without notice at any time to comply with local , state , and federal guidelines .
4 ) . REDUCED CAPACITY —
We will be operating our Guided Tours at reduced capacity with a maximum of 24 people per tour .
Lucy ’s Gift Shop will also be limited to 8 people at a time .
We recommend each group wishing to tour the elephant send ONE person into the Gift Shop to purchase tickets for your entire group so that people wishing to purchase merchandise can do so .
A little over six weeks ago , the political internet tool Tweetminster was predicting that Labour was set to win the general election .
It was a prediction based on its analysis of activity by and about political candidates in most UK constituencies - 433 out of 650 .
To be fair , Tweetminster regularly revised its predictions throughout the campaign and as it gathered more data from Twitter , ultimately processing more than 2 m tweets by election day , it became more and more accurate .
So how did Tweetminster do on the final result ?
The results
The study found the results proved as accurate as traditional opinion polls , with a definite correlation between the visibility of a candidate on twitter and their performance at the polls .
Predictions for national results were more accurate ( 90.5 % ) than predictions for regional results ( 87.5 % ) , which in turn were more accurate than results for individual candidates ( 69 % ) ; this was down to the volume of tweets at each level , so national vote share predictions were more accurate because they were based on more data .
National share of the vote
Vote share fluctuated by a few percentage points over the six weeks but the final Tweetminster prediction was :
Conservatives 35 %
Labour 30 %
Liberal Democrats 27 %
Others 8 %
The actual results were :
Conservatives 37 %
Labour 30 %
Liberal Democrats 24 %
Others 10 %
The results were less accurate than ICM but as accurate as Ipsos Mori and more accurate than YouGov , ComRes , Opinium and Angus Reid .
It was a YouGov / Sun poll on the night of the first election TV debate that caused disbelief on Twitter ; the prediction that David Cameron had won that round was very different to public sentiment .
Tweetminster results had an average error margin of 1.75 % - compared to 2.25 % for YouGov .
Regional party results
Of eight predictions , Tweetminster was right on all but one , which was that the Tories would gain seats in Scotland .
They predicted the SNO would not gain seats in Scotland , which it did n't , that Labour would perform better than predicted in London - the Labour to Tory swing was 2.5 % compared to 6.1 % nationally - and the Conservatives did perform well in the East Midlands , where they gained 12 seats .
Constituency results
Though this data proved less reliable in terms of predicting the winner , 69 % of the time in seats where all major parties had a candidate on Twitter , it was the candidate most mentioned on Twitter that won .
The Green Party 's win with Caroline Lucas in Brighton Pavilion was predicted by Twitter 's ' buzz ' but disproportionate media coverage of Esther Rantzen in Luton skewed the results there and she did not win the seat .
Tweetminster says these results prove " the wisdom of the clouds " and supports the case that " measurements made through data mining in social media channels can be as reliable as traditional opinion polling techniques " when the sample size is sufficiently large " .
So it seems there is a point to all this Twittering , after all : " Twitter users ... are the insightful and indicators of public opinion and behaviour . "
A long time ago , I had an idea .
I was working a regular job , but I realized that what I wanted to do was be a writer .
I figured that I could make some money writing , but not necessarily enough to support myself .
So , I came up with a naive plan .
It started with living more frugally .
I did all the ordinary frugal stuff .
I ate out less .
I bought fewer gadgets .
I moved into a cheap apartment .
I drove less .
Living more frugally did two things .
First , it narrowed the gap between what I figured I could earn as a writer and what I was spending .
Second , it freed up cash for saving and investing — and investing let me fill the gap from the other side , augmenting my potential writing income with interest and dividends .
You 'll have already seen why I call it a naive plan .
When I first started , I figured all I had to do was build my investments to the point where my investment income filled the gap between my writing income and my spending .
But in the United States , that did n't work — because of health insurance .
Now , I was prepared to include the cost of health insurance in my plan , just like I was willing to include rent , groceries , and my internet connection .
But there 's no way to budget for the cost of health insurance : it 's cheap enough if you 're healthy , but spikes up toward infinity if you get sick .
Worse , there 's every reason to worry that getting sick will prompt your insurance company to go over your medical history with a fine - tooth comb , and then use any omission or error in your insurance application as an excuse to rescind your policy .
The upshot , as I wrote a while back in an article called Not Free to Be Poor , was that health insurance in the U.S. was n't really insurance at all .
That is , it did n't protect your finances from the huge contingent expenses that would hit if you got sick .
Health care reform is fixing that .
The first big change is that in just six months , insurance companies can no longer rescind policies just because you made some mistake on your application .
To people like me , that 's a really important part .
Right now ( for the next six months ) my whole financial future is riding on a bet : I 'm betting that I 'll only get seriously ill or badly injured one time in my whole life .
Since I 'm healthy , I 've been able to get a good health insurance policy .
And , since I 'm healthy , and could get a good policy from a different insurance company , I 'm in a position to shop around for a better rate .
But getting sick would mean losing the bet .
I would n't be able to get a new policy , so I 'd be stuck with the old policy — which would immediately start getting more expensive , a process that would accelerate as healthy people shopped around and found cheaper policies to switch to , leaving only sick people behind , paying ever higher premiums .
There 'll be future good things , too .
In four years insurance companies wo n't be able to deny coverage just because you 're sick .
The health insurance exchanges will make it a lot easier to shop around for a policy .
People who are really poor ( earning less than 133 % of the poverty level ) will get free insurance through Medicaid , and people who are a bit less poor ( up to 400 % of the poverty level ) will get a subsidy for the cost of their insurance .
So , health care reform is good for people like me .
And there are a lot of us :
How many potential entrepreneurs would be willing to take the risk of starting a small business , but not the risk of going without insurance ?
How many workers at big companies would be happier at a small company , but have a sick spouse or sick child and need the big company 's insurance plan ?
How many creative types ( writers , artists , musicians , actors , dancers , filmmakers ) would be willing to eke out a meager existence on what they can earn from their art , but are n't willing to bet their entire financial future that they wo n't get sick ?
How many people just want to try something different , but have been sticking to their old job because it 's got good insurance ?
I look forward to the unleashing of all that talent and energy , once all the people like me are able to do what they 're called to do , without worrying that one serious illness would bankrupt them .
I think there 's a lot of us .
I think we 'll do great things .
Dit domein is vast gelegd door een klant van SANDER
Uw eigen hosting en domein registeren ?
Surf naar http://s4nder.nl/.
zoekwoorden : web hosting , vps , domein , eenvoudig , goedkoop
Als u op zoek bent naar een mirror van sysinternals , deze is nog beschikbaar via torrent download |
If you are looking for the mirror of sysinternals , this is still accessable by torrent download |
Note :
To celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope , for ten days , Universe Today will feature highlights from two year slices of the life of the Hubble , focusing on its achievements as an astronomical observatory .
Today ’s article looks at the period April 1996 to April 1998 .
The ability of the Hubble Space Telescope to be serviced by astronauts , using a space shuttle as a platform , is one of its design features .
This proved its worth very early , with the first servicing mission installing COSTAR .
The second such mission – a ten day effort with Discovery as the workhorse – took place in February 1997 ; two new instruments were installed ( and two removed ) , the Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) and the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) , and many other , smaller , upgrades and repairs made .
Yesterday ’s article featured the Pillars of Creation ; today ’s captures the beauty of a star ’s death .
[ / caption ]
How does the Hubble work ?
Who runs it ?
The Space Telescope Science Institute ( STScI ) is responsible for the scientific operation of Hubble as an international observatory ; it has a combined staff of approximately 500 , of whom approximately 100 are PhDs .
Among the prime tasks of the STScI are the selection of the Hubble observing proposals , their execution , the scientific monitoring of the telescope and its instruments and the archiving and distribution of the Hubble observations .
The Space Telescope - European Coordinating Facility ( ST - ECF ) offers support for the preparation of Hubble observing proposals and the scientific analysis of observations .
It also operates the Hubble Science Archive , which makes data available to the astronomical community via the Internet .
With the exception of observations like the Hubble Deep Field – which are available for immediate release – the data from Hubble observations are the exclusive property of the observers for one year , after which all scientific data are made available to anyone and everyone , via the internet .
And guess what ?
Thousands of papers have been published , using such freely available data !
One example of the tremendous value of the Hubble archive is all the asteroids it inadvertently images ; because of the Hubble ’s sensitivity , motion , and resolution , the orbits of many of these can be determined from just the serendipitous images ( discoveries made by ground - based telescopes usually require follow - up images days apart ) .
And yes , many papers have been written , based on these images , “ Asteroid Trails in Hubble Space Telescope ” for example .
Sometimes something happens in the sky and you want to point powerful telescopes at it , quickly , before it disappears .
By far the most interesting yet fleeting ‘ something ’ is gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) .
Although known for decades , none had been seen in any other electromagnetic waveband … until February 28 , 1997 .
Right after its servicing mission , Hubble caught the afterglow of GRB 970228 , located in very distant galaxy .
A milestone in astronomy .
Volcanoes , active ones , were discovered on Io , by accident , in 1979 , as volcanic plumes rising above the limb .
Who could have imagined that such plumes would be imaged not twenty years later , from low - Earth orbit , with Jupiter as the backdrop ?
In 1920 Betelgeuse ’s diameter was estimated , using a 6 meter interferometer mounted on the front of the 100 - inch Mount Wilson telescope .
In 1996 , the Hubble made a direct observation of Betelgeuse , resolving it ; only the second star to have ever been seen as anything but a point of light ( what was the first ? ) .
The Antennae galaxies , NGC 4038 / NGC 4039 , are not only highly photogenic ( how many amateurs count their snaps of these among their most prized ? ) , but great natural laboratories for studying galaxy collisions , star formation , etc. Hubble ’s 1997 images provided the basis for hundreds of papers .
Tomorrow : 1998 and 1999 .
Previous articles :
Hubble ’s 20 Years : Now We Are Six
Hubble ’s 20 Years : Time for 20 /20 Vision
Hubble : It Was Twenty Years Ago Today
Sources : HubbleSite , European Homepage for the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope , The SAO / NASA Astrophysics Data System
Ebay 's automated bidding system can pit bidders against themselves , a class action suit claims .
As a result of its improper bidding arrangement , eBay buyers pay inflated prices for their goods , eBay receives larger transaction fees and eBay 's financial subsidiary PayPal gets extra revenues , according to the suit filed in California Superior Court in Santa Clara , Calif . , on behalf of lead plaintiff Glenn Block .
This week a classified video of a US air crew killing unarmed Iraqis was seen by millions on the internet .
But for some , the whistleblowing website itself needs closer scrutiny
It has proclaimed itself the " intelligence service of the people " , and plans to have more agents than the CIA .
They will be you and me .
WikiLeaks is a long way from that goal , but this week it staked its claim to be the dead drop of choice for whistleblowers after releasing video the Pentagon claimed to have lost of US helicopter crews excitedly killing Iraqis on a Baghdad street in 2007 .
The dead included two Reuters news agency staff .
The release of the shocking footage prompted an unusual degree of hand - wringing in a country weary of the Iraq war , and garnered WikiLeaks more than $ 150,000 in donations to keep its cash - starved operation on the road .
It also drew fresh attention to a largely anonymous group that has outpaced the competition in just a few short years by releasing to the world more than a million confidential documents from highly classified military secrets to Sarah Palin 's hacked emails .
WikiLeaks has posted the controversial correspondence between researchers at East Anglia University 's Climatic Research Unit and text messages of those killed in the 9/11 attacks .
WikiLeaks has promised to change the world by abolishing official secrecy .
In Britain it is helping to erode the use of the courts to suppress information .
Its softly spoken Australian director , Julian Assange , was recently in Iceland , offering advice to legislators on new laws to protect whistleblowers .
Assange , who describes what he does as a mix of hi-tech investigative journalism and advocacy , foresees a day when any confidential document , from secret orders that allow our own governments to spy on us down to the bossy letters from your children 's school , will be posted on WikiLeaks for the whole world to see .
And that , Assange believes , will change everything .
But there are those who fear that WikiLeaks is more like an intelligence service than it would care to admit – a shadowy , unaccountable organisation that tramples on individual privacy and other rights .
And like so many others who have claimed to be acting in the name of the people , there are those who fear it risks oppressing them .
Assange has a shock of white hair and an air of conspiracy about him .
He does n't discuss his age or background , although it is known that he was raised in Melbourne and convicted as a teenager of hacking in to official and corporate websites .
He appears to be perpetually on the move but when he stops for any length of time it is in Kenya .
Almost nothing is said about anyone else involved with the project .
WikiLeaks was born in late 2006 .
Its founders , who WikiLeaks says comprised mostly Chinese dissidents , hackers , computer programmers and journalists , laid out their ambitions in emails inviting an array of figures with experience dealing with secret documents to join WikiLeak 's board of advisers .
Among those approached was the inspiration for the project , Daniel Ellsberg , the US military analyst who leaked the Pentagon papers about the Vietnam war to the New York Times four decades ago .
" We believe that injustice is answered by good governance and for there to be good governance there must be open governance , " the email said .
" New technology and cryptographic ideas permit us to not only encourage document leaking , but to facilitate it directly on a mass scale .
We intend to place a new star in the political firmament of man . "
The email appealed to Ellsberg to be part of the " political - legal defences " the organisers recognised they would need once they started to get under the skin of governments , militaries and corporations : " We 'd like … you to form part of our political armour .
The more armour we have , particularly in the form of men and women sanctified by age , history and class , the more we can act like brazen young men and get away with it . "
Others were approached with a similar message .
WikiLeaks organisers suggested that it " may become the most powerful intelligence agency on earth " .
Its primary targets would be " highly oppressive regimes in China , Russia and central Eurasia , but we also expect to be of assistance to those in the west who wish to reveal illegal or immoral behaviour in their own governments and corporations . "
But the group ran in to problems even before WikiLeaks was launched .
The organisers approached John Young , who ran another website that posted leaked documents , Cryptome , and asked him to register the WikiLeaks website in his name .
Young obliged and was initially an enthusiastic supporter but when the organisers announced their intention to try and raise $ 5 m he questioned their motives , saying that kind of money could only come from the CIA or George Soros .
Then he walked away .
" WikiLeaks is a fraud , " he wrote in an email when he quit .
" Fuck your cute hustle and disinformation campaign against legitimate dissent .
Same old shit , working for the enemy . "
Young then leaked all of his email correspondence with WikiLeak 's founders , including the messages to Ellsberg .
Despite this sticky start , WikiLeaks soon began making a name for itself with a swathe of documents and establishments started kicking back .
Two years ago , a Swiss bank persuaded a US judge to temporarily shut down the WikiLeaks site after it published documents implicating the Julius Baer bank in money laundering and tax evasion .
That revealed WikiLeaks ' vulnerability to legal action and it sought to put itself beyond the reach of any government and court by moving its primary server to Sweden which has strong laws to protect whistleblowers .
Since then the Australian government has tried to go after WikiLeaks after it posted a secret list of websites the authorities planned to ban , and members of the US Congress demanded to know what legal action could be taken after the site revealed US airport security manuals .
Both discovered there was nothing they could do .
It 's been the same for everyone from the Chinese government to the Scientologists .
Yet WikiLeaks worries more than just those with an instinctive desire for secrecy .
Steven Aftergood , who has published thousands of leaked documents on the Secrecy News blog he runs for the Federation of American Scientists , turned down an invitation to join WikiLeaks board of advisers .
" They have acquired and published documents of extraordinary significance .
I would say also that WikiLeaks is a response to a genuine problem , namely the over control of information of public policy significance , " he says .
Yet he also regards WikiLeaks as a threat to individual liberties .
" Their response to indiscriminate secrecy has been to adopt a policy of indiscriminate disclosure .
They tend to disregard considerations of personal privacy , intellectual property as well as security , " he says .
" One of the things I find offensive about their operations is their willingness to disclose confidential records of religious and social organisations .
If you are a Mormon or a Mason or a college girl who is a member of a sorority with a secret initiation ritual then WikiLeaks is not your friend .
They will violate your privacy and your freedom of association without a second thought .
That has nothing to do with whistleblowing or accountability .
It 's simply disclosure for disclosure 's sake . "
Aftergood 's criticism has angered WikiLeaks .
The site 's legal advisor , Jay Lim , wrote to Aftergood two years ago warning him to stop .
" Who 's side are you on here Stephen ?
It is time this constant harping stopped , " Lim said .
" We are very disappointed in your lack of support and suggest you cool it .
If you do n't , we will , with great reluctance , be forced to respond . "
WikiLeaks has also infuriated the author , Michela Wrong , who was horrified to discover her book exposing the depths of official corruption in Kenya , It 's Our Turn To Eat , was pirated and posted on WikiLeaks in its entirety on the grounds that Nairobi booksellers were reluctant to sell it for fear of being sued under Kenya 's draconian libel laws .
Wrong was angry because , while she supports what WikiLeaks is about , the book is not a government document and is freely available across the rest of the world .
From email distribution lists she could see that the pirated version was being emailed among Kenyans at home and abroad .
" I was beside myself because I thought my entire African market is vanishing , " says Wrong .
" I wrote to WikiLeaks and said , please , you 're going to damage your own cause because if people like me can't make any money from royalties then publishers are not going to commission people writing about corruption in Africa . "
She is not sure who she was communicating with because the WikiLeaks emails carried no identification but she assumes it was Assange because of the depth of knowledge about Kenya in the replies .
" He was enormously pompous , saying that in the interests of raising public awareness of the issues involved I had a duty to allow it to be pirated .
He said : ' This book may have been your baby , but it is now Kenya 's son . '
That really stuck in my mind because it was so arrogant , " she says .
" On the whole I approve of WikiLeaks but these guys are infuriatingly self - righteous . "
WikiLeaks does apparently expect others to respect its claims to ownership .
It has placed a copyright symbol at the beginning of its film about the Iraq shootings .
Assange has countered criticism over some of the material on the site by saying that WikiLeak 's central philosophy is " no censorship " .
He argues that the organisation has to be opaque to protect it from legal attack or something more sinister .
But that has also meant that awkward questions – such as a revelation in Mother Jones that some of those it claims to have recruited , including a former representative of the Dalai Lama , and Noam Chomsky , deny any relationship with WikiLeaks – are sidestepped .
Despite repeated requests for a response to the issues raised by Aftergood , Wrong and others , WikiLeaks ' only response was an email suggesting to call a number that went to a recording saying it was not in service .
• This article was amended on 13 April 2010 .
The original referred to Julius Bare bank .
This has been corrected .
More than a lingua franca , the rapid adoption of ' decaffeinated English ' , according to the man who coined the term ' Globish ' , makes it the world 's most widely spoken language .
Update : 26th May
I 've spoken to ABC and they have confirmed that this person did use to work for ABC as an Intern but were released 3 years ago .
This was originally posted in the Forums but the load crashed our servers lol .
Thanks to empire for the following .
This is making the rounds , not sure how true it is ... but a worthwhile read if so
Good stuff on here !
I can finally throw in my two cents !
I 've had to bite my tongue for far too long .
Also , hopefully I can answer some of John 's questions about Dharma and the " pointless breadcrumbs " that really , were n't so pointless ...
First ...
The Island :
It was real .
Everything that happened on the island that we saw throughout the 6 seasons was real .
Forget the final image of the plane crash , it was put in purposely to f*&k with people 's heads and show how far the show had come .
They really crashed .
They really survived .
They really discovered Dharma and the Others .
The Island keeps the balance of good and evil in the world .
It always has and always will perform that role .
And the Island will always need a " Protector " .
Jacob was n't the first , Hurley wo n't be the last .
However , Jacob had to deal with a malevolent force ( MIB ) that his mother , nor Hurley had to deal with .
He created the devil and had to find a way to kill him -- even though the rules prevented him from actually doing so .
Thus began Jacob 's plan to bring candidates to the Island to do the one thing he could n't do .
Kill the MIB .
He had a huge list of candidates that spanned generations .
Yet everytime he brought people there , the MIB corrupted them and caused them to kill one another .
That was until Richard came along and helped Jacob understand that if he did n't take a more active role , then his plan would never work .
Enter Dharma -- which I 'm not sure why John is having such a hard time grasping .
Dharma , like the countless scores of people that were brought to the island before , were brought there by Jacob as part of his plan to kill the MIB .
However , the MIB was aware of this plan and interferred by " corrupting " Ben .
Making
Ben believe he was doing the work of Jacob when in reality he was doing the work of the MIB .
This carried over into all of Ben's " off- island " activities .
He was the leader .
He spoke for Jacob as far as they were concerned .
So the " Others " killed Dharma and later were actively trying to kill Jack , Kate , Sawyer , Hurley and all the candidates because that 's what the MIB wanted .
And what he could n't do for himself .
Dharma was originally brought in to be good .
But was turned bad by MIB 's corruption and eventually destroyed by his pawn Ben .
Now , was Dharma only brought there to help Jack and the other Canditates on their overall quest to kill Smokey ?
Or did Jacob have another list of Canidates from the Dharma group that we were never aware of ?
That 's a question that is purposley not answered because whatever answer the writers came up with would be worse than the one you come up with for yourself .
Still ... Dharma 's purpose is not " pointless " or even vague .
Hell , it 's pretty blantent .
Still , despite his grand plan , Jacob wanted to give his " candidates " ( our Lostaways ) the one thing he , nor his brother , were ever afforded : free will .
Hence him bringing a host of " candidates " through the decades and letting them " choose " which one would actually do the job in the end .
Maybe he knew Jack would be the one to kill Flocke and that Hurley would be the protector in the end .
Maybe he did n't .
But that was always the key question of the show : Fate vs Free - will .
Science vs Faith .
Personally I think Jacob knew from the beginning what was going to happen and that everyone played a part over 6 seasons in helping Jack get to the point where he needed to be to kill Smokey and make Hurley the protector -- I know that 's how a lot of the writers viewed it .
But again , they wo n't answer that ( nor should they ) because that ruins the fun .
In the end , Jack got to do what he always wanted to do from the very first episode of the show : Save his fellow Lostaways .
He got Kate and Sawyer off the island and he gave Hurley the purpose in life he 'd always been missing .
And , in Sideways world ( which we 'll get to next ) he in fact saved everyone by helping them all move on ...
Now ...
Sideways World :
Sideways world is where it gets really cool in terms of theology and metaphysical discussion ( for me at least -- because I love history / religion theories and loved all the talks in the writer 's room about it ) .
Basically what the show is proposing is that we 're all linked to certain people during our lives .
Call them soulmates ( though it 's not exactly the best word ) .
But these people we 're linked to are with us duing " the most important moments of our lives " as Christian said .
These are the people we move through the universe with from lifetime to lifetime .
It 's loosely based in Hinduisim with large doses of western religion thrown into the mix .
The conceit that the writers created , basing it off these religious philosophies , was that as a group , the Lostaways subconsciously created this " sideways " world where they exist in purgatory until they are " awakened " and find one another .
Once they all find one another , they can then move on and move forward .
In essence , this is the show 's concept of the afterlife .
According to the show , everyone creates their own " Sideways " purgatory with their " soulmates " throughout their lives and exist there until they all move on together .
That 's a beautiful notion .
Even if you are n't religious or even spirtual , the idea that we live AND die together is deeply profound and moving .
It 's a really cool and spirtual concept that fits the whole tone and subtext the show has had from the beginning .
These people were SUPPOSED to be together on that plane .
They were supposed to live through these events -- not JUST because of Jacob .
But because that 's what the universe or God ( depending on how religious you wish to get ) wanted to happen .
The show was always about science vs faith -- and it ultimately came down on the side of faith .
It answered THE core question of the series .
The one question that has been at the root of every island mystery , every character backstory , every plot twist .
That , by itself , is quite an accomplishment .
How much you want to extrapolate from that is up to you as the viewer .
Think about season 1 when we first found the Hatch .
Everyone thought that 's THE answer !
Whatever is down there is the answer !
Then , as we discovered it was just one station of many .
One link in a very long chain that kept revealing more , and more of a larger mosiac .
But the writer 's took it even further this season by contrasting this Sideways " purgatory " with the Island itself .
Remember when Michael appeared to Hurley , he said he was not allowed to leave the Island .
Just like the MIB .
He was n't allowed into this sideways world and thus , was not afforded the opportunity to move on .
Why ?
Because he had proven himself to be unworthy with his actions on the Island .
He failed the test .
The others , passed .
They made it into Sideways world when they died -- some before Jack , some years later .
In Hurley 's case , maybe centuries later .
They exist in this sideways world until they are " awakened " and they can only move on TOGETHER because they are linked .
They are destined to be together for eternity .
That was their destiny .
They were NOT linked to Anna Lucia , Daniel , Roussou , Alex , Miles , Lupidis , ( and all the rest who were n't in the chuch -- basically everyone who was n't in season 1 ) .
Yet those people exist in Sideways world .
Why ?
Well again , here 's where they leave it up to you to decide .
The way I like to think about it , is that those people who were left behind in Sideways world have to find their own soulmates before they can wake up .
It 's possible that those links are n't people from the island but from their other life ( Anna 's parnter , the guy she shot --- Roussou's husband , etc etc ) .
A lot of people have been talking about Ben and why he did n't go into the Church .
And if you think of Sideways world in this way , then it gives you the answer to that very question .
Ben can't move on yet because he has n't connected with the people he needs to .
It 's going to be his job to awaken Roussou , Alex , Anna Lucia ( maybe ) , Ethan , Goodspeed , his father and the rest .
He has to attone for his sins more than he did by being Hurley 's number two .
He has to do what Hurley and Desmond did for our Lostaways with his own people .
He has to help them connect .
And he can only move on when all the links in his chain are ready to .
Same can be said for Faraday , Charlotte , Whidmore , Hawkins etc .
It 's really a neat , and cool concept .
At least to me .
But , from a more " behind the scenes " note : the reason Ben 's not in the church , and the reason no one is in the church but for Season 1 people is because they wrote the ending to the show after writing the pilot .
And never changed it .
The writers always said ( and many did n't believe them ) that they knew their ending from the very first episode .
I applaud them for that .
It 's pretty fantastic .
Originally Ben was supposed to have a 3 episode arc and be done .
But he became a big part of the show .
They could have easily changed their ending and put him in the church -- but instead they problem solved it .
Gave him a BRILLIANT moment with Locke outside the church ... and then that was it .
I loved that .
For those that wonder -- the original ending started the moment Jack walked into the church and touches the casket to Jack closing his eyes as the other plane flies away .
That was always JJ 's ending .
And they kept it .
For me the ending of this show means a lot .
Not only because I worked on it , but because as a writer it inspired me in a way the medium had never done before .
I 've been inspired to write by great films .
Maybe too many to count .
And there have been amazing TV shows that I 've loved ( X - Files , 24 , Sopranos , countless 1/ 2 hour shows ) .
But none did what LOST did for me .
None showed me that you could take huge risks ( writing a show about faith for network TV ) and stick to your creative guns and STILL please the audience .
I learned a lot from the show as a writer .
I learned even more from being around the incredible writers , producers , PAs , interns and everyone else who slaved on the show for 6 years .
In the end , for me , LOST was a touchstone show that dealt with faith , the afterlife , and all these big , spirtual questions that most shows do n't touch .
And to me , they never once waivered from their core story -- even with all the sci - fi elements they mixed in .
To walk that long and daunting of a creative tightrope and survive is simply astounding .
Source : SpoilerTV
Scientists have assembled the first synthetic virus .
The US researchers built the infectious agent from scratch using the genome sequence for polio .
It was just a matter of time before it was done
Dr CJ Peters , University of Texas
Scientists are divided about whether a virus is alive .
For those that think it is , then this synthetic artefact would constitute a simple form of life .
Responding to criticisms that such research could lead to bioterrorists engineering new lethal viruses , the scientists behind the experiment said that only a few people had the knowledge to make it happen .
' New reality '
To construct the virus , the researchers say they followed a recipe they downloaded from the internet and used gene sequences from a mail - order supplier .
Having constructed the virus , which appears to be identical to its natural counterpart , the researchers , from the University of New York at Stony Brook , injected it into mice to demonstrate that it was active .
The animals were paralysed and then died .
" The reason we did it was to prove that it can be done and it now is a reality , " said Dr Eckard Wimmer , leader of the biomedical research team and co-author of the study published in the journal Science .
" This approach has been talked about , but people did n't take it seriously , " said Dr Wimmer .
" Now people have to take it seriously .
Progress in biomedical research has its benefits and it has its down side .
There is a danger inherent to progress in sciences .
This is a new reality , a new consideration . "
' Very easy to do '
According to researcher Jeronimo Cello , the polio virus assembled in the laboratory is one of the simplest known viruses .
" It was very easy to do , " he said .
The more dangerous smallpox virus would be complex and difficult to assemble , but Cello says , " it would probably in the future be possible " .
Dr Wimmer added : " The world had better be prepared . "
Smallpox has been eradicated in the wild , but specimens are stored in the United States and in Russia .
Dr Wimmer said assembling the polio virus showed that eradicating a virus in the wild might not mean it was gone forever because biochemists could now reconstruct those viruses from blueprints .
Following last year 's terrorist and anthrax - by - mail attacks , US officials became concerned about the threat of smallpox and arranged for the manufacture of enough vaccine to protect the US population .
Matter of time
Dr CJ Peters , director for the Center for Biodefense at the University of Texas Medical Center at Galveston , said experts had known for years that it was theoretically possible to assemble a virus in the lab .
This is a new reality
Dr Eckard Wimmer
" We 've known this could be done .
We 've known it was just a matter of time before it was done , " he said .
Dr Peters said he was concerned that publicity about a synthesized virus might lead some people to believe " that there is nothing that can be done about bioterrorism - which is not the case " .
He added that it was possible that viruses like Ebola could be assembled in laboratories , but there were only a few people in the world with that skill .
Polio is on the brink of being eradicated worldwide and there are plans to stop inoculations against the disease after it disappears from nature .
Dr Wimmer said that this policy should be reconsidered .
Stopping vaccination could lead to a generation of people highly susceptible to polio , enhancing its appeal as a weapon .
The World Health Organization is planning to stockpile vaccines against a return of polio and Dr Wimmer said that policy should be followed everywhere .
Reddit points to Marc Faber ’s prediction of 2009 that we should be experiencing hyperinflation by now .
From talking with Shostak , Salerno , Murphy , and others , I think the answer is summed up in these charts .
That is to say , it does n’t matter how much the Fed fills the bank coffers if the banks are n’t lending money .
The bitter irony is that economic “ recovery ” will mark the beginning of the inflationary disaster .
UPDATE 3 : Apple 's market cap closed the day at $ 222.12 billion .
Microsoft 's closed at $ 219.18 billion .
UPDATE 2 : And now it really is official ...
As of early afternoon , Apple 's market cap is now bigger than Microsoft's ( see graphic below ) .
UPDATE : As of 11:52 ET , Apple and Microsoft 's market caps are within $ 1 billion of each other .
So by mid-afternoon , you may be able to ignore the fancy calculations below .
EARLIER : Apple 's stock market capitalization ( AAPL ) has not yet quite surpassed Microsoft 's ( MSFT ) , but the value of its actual business is now higher .
Specifically , Apple 's business is now worth $ 200 billion , while Microsoft 's is only worth $ 197 billion -- at least by one simple calculation of enterprise value . *
What 's the difference between a company 's stock market capitalization and the value of its actual business ( which is referred to as " enterprise value " ) ?
A company 's stock market capitalization includes the net value of the cash and debt on the company 's books .
To figure out the imputed value of the company 's actual business , therefore , you have to adjust for the value of those other things .
As an example , consider a company with a market capitalization of $ 1 billion that has $ 500 million of cash and no debt .
If you were to buy all of the stock in this company , you would spend $ 1 billion .
When you bought the company , however , you would also acquire the $ 500 million of cash that came with it , so your net purchase price would only be $ 500 million .
So the company 's actual business , in this case , would have been worth only $ 500 million .
If the same company had a $ 1 billion market capitalization , $ 500 million of cash , and $ 500 million of debt , meanwhile , the company 's business ( " enterprise value " ) would be $ 1 billion .
You would get the $ 500 million of cash , but you 'd also have to pay off the $ 500 million of debt , so the net cost to buy the company would be $ 1 billion .
As of yesterday 's stock market close , Apple had a market capitalization of $ 223 billion .
Apple has $ 23 billion of cash and no debt * .
Apple 's enterprise value , therefore , is $ 200 billion ( per Yahoo Finance - - see clarifying note below * ) .
Microsoft , meanwhile , had a market capitalization of $ 228 billion .
Microsoft has $ 37 billion of cash and $ 6 billion of debt ( per Yahoo Finance ) .
Microsoft 's enterprise value , therefore , is $ 197 billion .
So , it 's official : Apple is now worth more than Microsoft .
( And if you do n't consider this an absolutely remarkable turn of events , read this >.
It really puts the changing of the guard over the past decade in perspective . )
* As several sharp - eyed readers immediately noted ( and we forgot ) , Apple has an unusual method of accounting for some of its cash on hand , which is that it classifies $ 18 billion of cash as a long - term investment .
( This is because the cash is invested in Treasuries with maturities of more than a year ) .
When this cash is included in the company 's cash balance , Apple has $ 42 billion of cash , not $ 23 billion .
This reduces its enterprise value by $ 18 billion or so , which still puts it below Microsoft's , at least for a few more days .
Yahoo
Finance 's simple calculation of enterprise value is standard , but a more detailed analysis of Apple 's liquid assets shows that the market still values Microsoft 's business more highly than Apple's .
We apologize for jumping the gun !
You may remember when The Burger Lab attempted , skeptically , to create a turkey burger that did n't suck last year .
And there was success !
( Thanks to the wonders of umami . )
This week , our Grilling man Josh Bousel also tried his hand at an un-sucky turkey burger ... — The Mgmt .
Turkey burgers , why ?
That 's the question I always ask myself when someone rolls up to a cookout with a whole mess of them .
All too often turkey burgers end up being dry , tasteless patties that pale in comparison to their beef counterpart .
So if you 're an all - purpose meat eater , why bother ?
While pondering the question further , I came to a clear and concise answer that got my mind whirling with the excitement of possibilities — they 're a blank slate just waiting to take on any flavor .
Turkey itself is somewhat tasteless , so it takes on flavors introduced to it quite well , like when flavor brining a Thanksgiving bird .
Solving the taste portion in this recipe by adding a slew of Asian ingredients in with the meat , there was still the pesky dryness — a result of using a lean meat containing less than 20 % fat .
A good solution would be to grind your own turkey thighs , possibly with the skins still on , to get the fat content to around the 20 % mark that keeps the meat moist while cooking .
However , on the day I went shopping , no thighs were available , but a 85 % lean ground turkey was , so I went with that , adding some breadcrumbs to help retain moisture from the added liquids and act as a binder .
All mixed together into what felt like one giant meatball , I formed patties , grilled them until cooked through , then placed them on a bun with some Bibb lettuce , tomato , and Sriracha mayo .
The whole thing was like taking a journey deep into flavor country .
Everything mixed with the burgers was coming through , and they remained incredibly juicy .
In the end , it changed my question from " Why turkey burger ? " to " What burger 's next ! "
I thought that it might be useful to explain where and how at least part of the problem with the Transocean Deepwater Horizon fire and sinking spreading oil across the Gulf of Mexico might have started .
I am going to start by repeating one of my previous technical posts , where I explain what a blow - out preventer is , then I will add some comments in an update relating to the current leak .
This post is going to deal with some of the problems that a driller encounters as he reaches the layer of rock ( the reservoir ) in which the oil or gas is being held .
And what I want to talk about is something called Differential Pressure , but to explain that , I need to drag you back to High School for just a minute .
Let 's , in fact , go back to Newton 's Three Laws .
And , for those who slept through that part of the Physics class in school , do n't be too ashamed - I have seen the desk where Newton whittled his name , being similarly bored .
Let 's start with the first law , which is probably the most relevant .
Every object in a state of ( rest or ) uniform motion tends to remain in that state of ( rest or ) motion unless an external force is applied to it .
Except that I want to change external force into pressure ( which is force divided by area ) since it is the way we normally think of it .
( Note : I added rest which is a special case of uniform motion since that is specific to the oil we want to talk about ) .
In other words , nothing is going to move unless something pushes it .
It is what does the pushing and what does the moving that this is all about .
And now our drill , is down through the casing , drilling the well open hole and using the circulating mud to carry away the cuttings as it continues to go deeper .
I had stopped progress last week just before we went down to total depth ( TD ) of the well , or into the pay .
And the reason I did has to do with this differential pressure .
But first , the bit about how you calculate pressure .
As you go deeper into the earth , the rock at any layer is carrying the weight of all the rock vertically above it .
For rough calculations we generally consider that this rock weighs 144 lb a cubic foot .
So that 10 ft down the weight of the overlying column on a square foot would be 144 x 10 = 1,440 lb/sq ft .
But through convention we reduce the area that we talk about to a square inch ( 144 sq in= 1 sq ft ) so with this division the weight on a square inch would be 10 lb .
A remarkable resemblance to the depth number ( grin ) .
This means that we can assume , as we go deeper into the earth , that the pressure on the rock increases by 1 lb / sq. inch ( psi ) for every foot we go deeper .
This means that at 6,000 ft , the rock is under a pressure , from the rock above it , of 6,000 psi .
Now water does not weigh as much as rock , but can be approximated to roughly half the weight .
So that , by the same argument , under water , for every foot of depth the pressure goes up roughly half - a- psi .
So that at 6,000 ft under water the pressure is 3,000 psi ( roughly twice the water pressure in the wand you use at a car wash ) .
Now because we have increased the density of the fluid in the well ( the mud ) to help lift the cuttings out of the hole it weighs a bit more than water , but for the sake of working the example I 'm going to use the half - psi measure for now .
We are now at the point where the actual amount that it weighs becomes important .
Simplified sketch of an oil bearing layer in the ground .
I have made a very simple sketch of the layer of rock that we are going to drill into .
In order to trap the oil it is shaped into a dome , and the sketch shows a vertical slice through that dome , viewed from the side .
It has a layer of oil in it ( the reddish layer ) , but above that is a layer of gas that has diffused from the oil ( brownish ) , and below it is water ( bluish ) which may have been there when the algae died and which has stayed with the remains as they turned into oil under the temperatures and pressures deep in the rock .
Oil floats on water , and gas is lighter than oil , so we have the three layers .
At the moment the well has not arrived and all three fluids are sensibly in equilibrium at the same pressure .
Now why do we need to know this before we reach our layer of oil - bearing rock ?
Well first let 's go and interpret that first law a little more .
If a person on either side of you pushed you with equal force at the same time , you do n't move , because the two forces balance out .
It is only if there is one force , or if one of the two pushes harder , that you move .
In other words , where there are a number of forces acting on a body , it is the size of the difference in pressures , and the direction of that difference , that controls the movement .
Consider , here we are drilling merrily away ( and have cased the well near the surface , and hit no more fluids on the way down ) and at 6,000 ft.
we penetrate the rock that is capping the well , and enter the rock with the oil in it .
The oil ( in the rock ) is at some fraction of the overburden pressure , since it is trapped in the rock , and for the sake of this example I am going to say that it is at 5,000 psi , the fluid in the well is at 3,000 psi , the height of the mud column .
There is a difference of 2,000 psi .
We are drilling a hole some 6 - 5/8th inches in diameter .
That has an area of about 34.5 square inches .
The total force we have suddenly applied to the bottom of the well ( bit and fluid ) is thus ( area x pressure difference ) 34.5 x 2,000 = 69,000 lb ( or 35 tons ) .
Oops !
Oil rig blowout in Turkmenistan ( Energy Industry Photos )
Sadly most catch fire and the rig is destroyed ( there are more pictures of such damage at the EIP site ) .
It 's called a blow - out , and they still happen .
This is why we approach the oil / gas producing zone of the rock with caution .
And bear in mind that the driller that is controlling the progress of this well is at the surface , trying to guide the bit at the bottom of the hole , with , historically , little immediate information to help .
Based on the surveys that brought the crew to the site in the first place he knows roughly how thick the layers of rock are , and probably what rock they are , but the only real information on where the bit is in that sequence , is from the returns ( cuttings ) that come out of the well , and there is the lag , we mentioned before , while those chips make their way up the 6,000 ft pipe .
( This is why Measurement While Drilling [ MWD ] has been such a relatively recent boon to the industry ( though not all rigs have it ) ) .
By monitoring a number of pressure gages the driller can gain a sense of what is happening at the bottom of the well .
If he senses that there is going to be a problem , then he can do one of several things , based on the way the well is set up .
The first thing is to increase the density of the mud .
By making the fluid in the well weigh more , the difference in the pressure across that face is reduced , and the change in conditions is easier to handle .
However weighting up the hole has the disadvantage that it becomes much slower to drill with a heavier mud ( it is a poor bottom - hole cleaner among other things ) .
And , if done during drilling , bear in mind that once the heavier mud is added to the well it wo n't be fully effective until it has had time to get down to the bit and then fill back up the annulus between the drill string and the casing all the way to the surface .
So that is an expensive and slow option .
Let us take the game a little more interesting and say that there is a gas pocket above the oil , and that the hole is going to go into the layer at A .
Gas will enter the well at the down - hole pressure , but as the bubble rises , that pressure is reduced , and the gas expands , pushing the mud above it out ahead of itself .
Another potential source for big - time trouble .
And this one ( which is known as a kick in the well ) happens much faster , so there is less time to react .
How do we handle this ?
The answer is to invert the problem .
Gas or oil flows into the well because the well is at a lower pressure than the fluid in the rock .
The fluid in the well is , initially at the pressure created by the depth , and by the weight ( density ) of the mud in the hole .
However , if we put a restriction on the flow of fluid out of the well ( such as when you put your finger over the end of a garden hose so that the stream becomes smaller and shoots out further ) we can increase the pressure in the well .
For those who want to know why , if the same volume has to go through a smaller hole in the same amount of time it has to go faster .
This means it has to be pushed harder .
Bernoulli explained it , and there is an animation available that helps explain it .
What it means is that by adjusting the flow out of the hole , the driller can adjust the internal pressure , and thus " kill the kick , " or if gets to be too much of a problem , “ kill the well ” .
But it is not completely that simple .
Bear in mind that there is all the drilling and rotating equipment on the rig floor connected to the drill pipe at the top of the well .
None of this can stand much pressure .
So we need to place another piece of equipment between the drilling rig , and the top of the well .
Blow - out preventer ( Schlumberger )
This is the Blow - out Preventer ( BOP ) , which is essentially a ram that very rapidly shuts off fluid flow at the top of the well .
These have to be well designed , since they are generally the line of last defense against a blowout , and when they fail as the pictures show , serious problems arise .
They also form the basis for the well - known structures , often referred to as Christmas Trees that sit at the top of producing wells .
By themselves , however , these are n't enough , since their main function is just to slam the door shut , before all the oil gets out and we have a gusher .
The more critical tools are the chokes on the well .
( Below the rams in the picture above ) .
There are generally several , both hydraulically operated and manual ( in case the power dies ) which are simply large valves that can be turned to increase or reduce the size of the flow path out of the well over to the mud pits .
By adjusting these , in real time , the driller can control the well pressure , and thus the dynamics of the behavior at the bottom of the well .
And after the rig leaves , an operator can adjust well pressure , and thereby the production from the well and its long - term performance .
If the operator is well trained ( and you find drilling simulator equipment in Petroleum Engineering Departments so that students can understand how to do this ( I last tried some decades ago ) the well pressure will be controlled , so that any kicks can be handled , and the drill can now penetrate safely into the rock containing the oil / gas , which we call the reservoir , or the pay .
Update
The oil spill is continuing to get worse , and there are growing questions that have been raised on what could have gone wrong , and how it can be fixed .
I am in the same position as most , in regard to getting information – it comes from news reports , in the main .
But there are some points that can be picked out as the focus of those reports switch to the impact that the oil is going to have on the coast and businesses that are going to be severely damaged .
An early story noted that the BOP had recently been tested .
Mr. Hayward said the blowout preventer was tested 10 days ago and worked .
He said a valve must be partly closed , otherwise the spillage would be worse .
There are a number of things that can go wrong with a blowout preventer , said Greg McCormack , director of the Petroleum Extension Service at the University of Texas , which provides training for the industry .
The pressure of the oil coming from below might be so great that the valves cannot make an adequate seal .
Or in the case of a shear ram , which is designed to cut through the drill pipe itself and seal it off , it might have encountered a tool joint , the thicker , threaded area where two lengths of drilling pipe are joined .
Still , Mr. McCormack said , “ something is working there because you would n’t have such a relatively small flow of oil . ”
If the blowout preventer were completely inoperable , he said , the flow would be “ orders of magnitude ” greater .
However oil is now flowing through the BOP and out into the water immediately above the well site on the sea bed .
When the site was visited by a small remotely operated vehicle with cameras they showed that the riser , the pipe that normally carries the oil from the sea bed to the surface , had kinked over when the rig sank , and oil was coming from three places :
The Coast Guard said it had not detected oil coming from the well Friday and assumed post - accident efforts to activate the blowout preventer “ a huge stack of valves sitting atop the wellhead on the sea floor ” had been successful .
But later trips by the remotely operated vehicles ( ROV’s ) , discovered oil shooting from the end of the pipe - like riser that had connected the rig to the blowout preventer .
A second , smaller leak was found in a section of drill pipe near the wellhead .
That 21 - inch - diameter riser had become detached from the rig when it sank .
In the process , it was folded over at a 90 - degree angle just above the wellhead , which had the effect of kinking it like a garden hose and constraining the flow of oil from the well .
It now sits in a long , meandering mess on the ocean bottom .
This helps explains why oil was not initially thought to be seeping . , . .
The preferred option , he said , is still to find a way to engage the blowout preventer .
That fix , if it works , could be handled in a matter of days , he said .
But if that does n't work , the other option is to drill a deep “ relief ” well into the damaged well and stem the flow of oil , though that option could take several months , Suttles acknowledged .
He said his team would spend the next several days trying to determine the best method .
The problem lies , in part , with the capabilities of the ROVs and their ability to get access to the well site on the sea-bed .
There is a report from a survivor ( h/t Fractional Flow ) that says that the well was shut in and they were going through the process of separating the rig from the well , and moving it off .
They began by cleaning out the drilling mud from the riser , replacing it with sea water .
However , when they re-opened the valves at the top of the well , the pipe in the well had become filled with gas from the well , under considerable pressure , and this “ Kicked ” the well as the valve opened .
Gas , as the pressure gets less as it moves up the pipe , expands much more than oil .
And unfortunately in the process of disconnection , the pressure to hold the gas , which comes from the density of the drilling mud in the riser initially , had been removed as part of the disconnection process .
So the high pressure gas was able to blow all the sea water in the riser out onto the deck of the rig .
( This happens extremely quickly , well below a minute )
The gas then followed , and as it flowed out of the pipe at the top of the well there was some hot source that caused it to ignite .
( This could even be from a static electricity spark ) .
Because of the depth of the well , the pressure in the bottom of the well was in the 30 - 40,000 psi range .
Part of the problem that arises with flows at that pressure is that any abrasive particles ( such as small pieces of rock ) will cut through metal at the speeds at which it is carried .
( Such jets were used to remove the damaged tops of the wells in Kuwait after the Gulf War , for example ) .
So that it is possible that as the BOP started to function the high - velocity flow may have eroded part of the system to allow some fluid to bypass the plug that the BOP inserted .
If that happened then the continued flow would just enlarge the passage again fairly quickly , so that the BOP will become ineffective .
However there are pictures of the leaks available .
Pictures of the oil flows ( Drillingahead )
At this stage there does not appear to be that great a driving pressure for the oil coming out of the well .
( If there were , the flow would be more directed horizontally )
This suggests that the BOP did at least partially function , and that the passage may have been eroded by the particles in the gas and oil now escaping .
There is a recent report that the accident may have been caused by a poor cementing job by Haliburton :
After an exploration well is drilled , cement slurry is pumped through a steel pipe or casing and out through a check valve at the bottom of the casing .
It then travels up the outside of the pipe , sheathing the part of the pipe surrounded by the oil and gas zone .
When the cement hardens , it is supposed to prevent oil or gas from leaking into adjacent zones along the pipe .
As the cement sets , the check valve at the end of the casing prevents any material from flowing back up the pipe .
The zone is thus isolated until the company is ready to start production .
The process is tricky .
A 2007 study by the U.S. Minerals Management Service found that cementing was the single most - important factor in 18 of 39 well blowouts in the Gulf of Mexico over a 14 - year period .
But at the time of the accident , " well operations had not yet reached the point requiring the placement of the final cement plug , which would enable the planned temporary abandonment of the well , " the Halliburton statement said .
However it is hard to see from what is known , that this was a cause in this case .
Some other earlier Tech Talk posts that might be of interest in following the ongoing discussion about the problems encountered include :
Casing a Well
The Drilling Part of Creating an Oil Well
Completing and Perforating a Well
( I am shelving DVDs in a library when a man comes in with a boy who appears to be autistic .
The boy sees a movie about Thanksgiving . )
Boy : “ Thanksgiving !
I love Thanksgiving !
I ’m thankful … I ’m thankful for …
I ’m thankful for my friends at school ! ”
Caregiver : “ You ’re thankful for your friends at school ? ”
Boy : “ Yeah !
Yeah and … and … what are you thankful for ?
Are you thankful for your friends ? ”
Caregiver : * no response *
Boy : “ Are you thankful for me ? ”
Caregiver : “ I ’m thankful for you , kid .
I ’m more thankful for you than all my friends in the world . ”
Boy : * smiles *
After nearly four decades on radio , Dr. Demento will be spinning his discs in the future only on the web .
But he promises a new episode every Saturday .
" This was a very painful decision for the Doctor ... but he has come to agree with his manager and his family that it 's necessary .
The broadcast has been losing money for some time . "
Demento , aka Barret Hansen , was a former roadie for Canned Heat and Spirit who had a blues and country show on KPFK , then while at KPPC came up with the Dr. Demento mix of obscure tunes and comedy .
From his website bio :
Those who 've listened carefully to the Doctor 's show have undoubtedly realized that somewhere between his lively larynx and elegant top hat there resides the mind of a seasoned musicologist and dedicated scholar ... a world - renowned record collector and music historian , whose lifelong passion for music of all kinds is reflected in his weekly selection of " rare records and outrageous tapes " for the Dr. Demento Show .
Demento , who has a masters in ethnomusicology from UCLA , introduced Weird Al Yankovic to the world and played early Frank Zappa and Tom Lehrer .
He " was a staple on the old KMET for years , as well as KPPC , KSCA , and KLSX , " says Gary Lycan at the OC Register .
Below , a rendition of the Dr. Demento theme song , " Pico and Sepulveda . "
Eric Austin is a videographer located at Texas .
Eric is also a talented RC helicopter pilot .
With the emergence of Video DSLR Eric combined his two loves .
Eric rigged an RC helicopter with a Canon 7D and is now providing an RC Heli mounted Canon 7D video service .
Video and a short interview after the jump .
Eric Austin was kind enough to answer a few of DIYP ’e questions via a mail interview we did .
DIYP : The web is sizzling with your helicam video .
Can you explain what exactly you do with it ?
EA : I use the helicam to film HD video with the Canon DSLR , mostly I concentrate on broadcast TV and film as my main business target .
The helicam gives a producer a very flexible way to get a very unique shot at an affordable price .
DIYP : In the video you say “ crashing is not an option ” , nevertheless , do you have any crash protection gear ?
EA : It may not look like I have crash protection gear , but I do .
The landing gear is built so that in case of a hard landing it will flex and mostly likely break in order to soften the crash on the camera .
However , I always do my best not to crash .
DIYP : OK , I know this is not a politically correct question , but curiosity is killing me , did you ever crash ?
EA : I have yet to crash a helicopter while shooting video , however I have crashed several helicopters while I was in the learning phase .
Just like anything that is hard to learn , crashing taught me a lot about , how to avoid the crash next time and how to quickly replace the parts that broke .
DIYP : What was the weirdest / technically challenging shoot you did with the helicam
EA : The most technical or challenging shoot I have done just happened a few weeks ago and if you look closely there is a clip of it in the video .
I was asked to fly out over a cliff that was about 300 ′ high with a river below .
On top of the cliff there was very little room for vision of the helicopter or room to come in for an emergency landing due to thick trees everywhere .
It did make my heart pump faster when I was out over this long drop to the river below in a strong wind .
I was thinking ” One mistake and this helicopter is completely gone for good ” .
This thought did not help the situation either , however just taking my time and remember never to panic while flying made the job go smooth and I got the shot for the client .
DIYP : Can you go a bit into the details of hooking the helicopter up with the camera ?
EA : The camera actually hooks up to the heli with just a simple tripod style camera screw .
I made it this way also in case of a hard crash the camera might absorb a little less impact if it broke free of the mount .
That might sound crazy , but this is my thinking , I hope not to find out this theory anytime soon .
DIYP : I hope so too , are there any electrical or control connections to the camera , how do you control the camera from distance ?
EA : Right now I adjust all the camera settings on the ground and then press record right below take off .
For still images , I use an external timer to activate the shutter to take 1 picture per second .
Soon , I will add capability for a second person to control pan and tilt from the ground while I fly the helicopter .
DIYP : Eric , I am sure you have some more stuff planned . , care to share ?
EA : I have many new advancements in technology that I am going to be adding to the helicopter to make it even more of a filming machine .
I have already installed a 5.8 ghz video downlink feed that is working awesome .
This allows the DP to monitor what the camera is shooting live in the air and relay comments or instructions back to me .
I have an autonomous auto - pilot with GPS currently on my test helicopter .
This electronic sensor package will allow precision flying and other features such as , position / hover hold , altitude hold , ect .
DIYP : What is your advice for anyone trying to build a similar rig for a small point and soot ?
EA : My advice to someone who would like to build a helicopter for a small point and shoot camera would be to make sure to balance everything that spins .
This is one of the most important steps in order to get a good video or picture , other than that just have fun with it .
DIYP : If one want to use your service , how can you be contacted ?
EA : I can be contacted directly through my website helivideo.com .
I am also happy to answer more in depth questions about the technical aspects of the helicopter at any time .
DIYP : Thanks Eric , looking forward to seeing more of your stuff on the web .
EA : Thanks .
SpaceAvalanche is one of our favorite comics on the web , and we 're thrilled to have them on the site .
They update every Monday and cover topics like Batman , Star Trek and the world - ending almost as frequently as we do .
This week , we see the untold story of Spider - Man .
Some forms of tragedy have their own rituals of grief .
None more so poignantly , perhaps , than that of an Appalachian coal mine disaster .
It is an area of America much akin to the old valleys of South Wales .
It is mountainous , materially poor but rich in local culture , and the coal mines have dominated life there for many decades .
So when news broke last week of a dreadful explosion that killed at least 25 miners and trapped others , the story felt as familiar as it did sad .
Families and communities mourned together .
Congregations prayed , vigils were held and the dead were buried .
Rescuers tried to reach the missing .
An equally familiar piece of this mournful tableaux was the emergence of distressing details surrounding the Massey corporation that owns the mine .
It would be nice one day to have the media examine a coal company and find that it operated safely , professionally and ethically in all its dealings .
But , as usual , that was not the case .
The Upper Big Branch Mine had been either fully or partly closed 61 times in 2009 and 2010 , mostly for health and safety violations , according to the local Charleston Gazette newspaper which got hold of Labour Department documents .
In fact , more than 1,300 citations had been issued against the mine in the last five years .
Indeed , Massey got two citations for safety violations on the very day of the disaster .
That sounds shocking .
But no one familiar with the history of coal mining in West Virginia could be surprised .
The mining corporations that dominate the state 's economy have a huge say in what happens there .
Just look at Don Blankenship , Massey 's chief executive .
He once spent three million dollars to help get a judge elected to a West Virginia court ruling on a Massey - related case .
He also told an ABC news reporter : " If you 're going to start taking pictures of me you 're liable to get shot . "
He is a famous union - buster and proudly sceptical of environmentalists .
He can afford to pretty much do as he pleases .
West Virginia , and the rest of Appalachian coal country , is dreadfully poor and has a virtual industrial monoculture .
The mines are a rare source of good , well - paid jobs .
Few can afford to turn them down or lobby to get them improved .
As Lorelei Scarbro , a daughter , granddaughter and wife of coal miners , told CNN : " We are all being used by an outlaw industry and corrupt politicians and we are all driven by fear . "
Those sentiments are as old as the industry itself .
Nor do they appear likely to change , no matter how many disasters lie in the future .
British Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised for what he said were the ' unjustified and unjustifiable ' events of Bloody Sunday .
The Saville Report | Overall Assessment | Report Reaction
A Timeline of Events | Watch David Cameron's Speech
He was speaking following the publication of Lord Saville 's inquiry into the killing of 14 civilians in Derry in 1972 .
In a statement , he said the 5,000 - page report found that ' on balance '
British troops fired the first shots during the ' tragic events ' of 30 January 1972 without issuing a warning .
He told MPs : ' The conclusions of this report are absolutely clear .
There is no doubt , there is nothing equivocal , there are no ambiguities .
' What happened on Bloody Sunday was both unjustified and unjustifiable .
It was wrong . '
Mr Cameron told a hushed House of Commons : ' Some members of our armed forces acted wrongly .
The Government is ultimately responsible for the conduct of our armed forces and for that , on behalf of the Government - and indeed our country - I am deeply sorry . '
The lengthy and massively costly inquiry also concluded that Northern Ireland 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness was present at the time of the violence and ' probably armed with a submachine gun ' but did not engage in ' any activity that provided any of the soldiers with any justification for opening fire ' .
The soldiers of Support Company who entered the Bogside area of Derry ' did so as a result of an order ... which should have not been given ' by their commander , the report said .
The civilians died after troops opened fire on a civil rights march .
Mr Cameron said Lord Saville ' finds that on balance the first shot in the vicinity of the march was fired by the British Army .
' He finds that none of the casualties shot by the soldiers of Support Company was armed with a firearm . '
While shots were fired by republican paramilitaries ' none of this firing provided any justification for the shooting of civilian casualties ' .
Lord Saville found that ' in no case was any warning given before soldiers opened fire ' .
There was a ' serious and widespread loss of fire discipline ' among the troops and that none of the soldiers ' fired in response to attacks or threatened attacks by nail or petrol bombs ' .
Many of the soldiers ' knowingly put forward false accounts in order to seek to justify their firing ' .
Lord Saville 's findings disclosed that many of those shot were fleeing the troops or assisting the wounded .
While the report concluded that ' immediate responsibility ' lay with those members of Support Company who engaged in ' unjustifiable firing ' , Mr Cameron said that the use of terms such as ' murder and unlawful killing ' was not a judgment the Saville tribunal - or politicians - could make .
But he acknowledged : ' These are shocking conclusions to read and shocking words to have to say .
' We do not honour all those who served with such distinction by keeping the peace and upholding the rule of law in Northern Ireland by hiding from the truth . '
Families of the Bloody Sunday victims gave a triumphant thumbs - up as the report into the deaths was published .
They waved a copy of Lord Saville 's report at the Guildhall in Derry as they prepared to listen to Mr Cameron ’s assessment .
Crowds watched on a big outdoor screen as the British leader said he could not defend the British army by defending the indefensible .
Criminal charges considered
The North 's Chief Constable Matt Baggott and Alasdair Fraser , head of the Public Prosecution Service are to have talks to consider whether any of the paratroopers who opened fire on Bloody Sunday will face criminal charges .
Any decision is solely a matter for the PPS , acting independently in accordance with the Test for Prosecution , according to a statement from Alasdair Fraser 's office in Belfast .
It added : ' The Director of Public Prosecutions , together with the Chief Constable , will consider the report to determine the nature and extent of any police inquiries and investigations which may be required to enable informed decisions as to prosecution to be taken . '
Tossing out a few more muscle girl cuties at you to clear up any lingering debris from that Photon Torpedo .
Are two delectable buff beauties are Jamie Eason and Rikki Rife .
So very sweet they ’ll make your teeth hurt .
Pan Dulce !
What else could it be ?
It 's us .
I mean , what else could it be ?
How else can you explain the logic involved in presenting the kind of excellent coverage MSNBC has been doing on Do n't Ask , Don't Tell and the virtually absolute silence from the network on its " Big Sister " bill , the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ?
Bilerico Project contributor Rebecca Juro asked a very good question on Friday 's post Insightful Yet Still Blind : MSNBC Just Does n't Get the LGBT Civil Rights Movement
Our own community failed to deliver clear messaging for ENDA .
The repeal of Do n't Ask Don't Tell has been supported by an amazing team of messengers , particularly SLDN who provided the press with enough information to turn out a story in 30 minutes or less .
They did so every single day for the last several months .
I 'm on lots of press lists , and I have not heard peep about ENDA from any of the LGBT orgs in a similarly organized way .
When Bil was in Seattle he asked a very good question to a group of up and coming leaders , " Who is the face of ENDA ?
We know who the faces of Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell are thanks to SLDN , Servicemembers United and HRC . "
If we want the big dogs to cover ENDA , we need leadership to drive a concise message and deliver it to big media and the bloggers .
If we can fix that , we will see more coverage , and eventually the passage of ENDA .
Like it or not , we can't expect our big media to do the work for us .
A satellite image of western Greenland from NASA 's MODIS satellite .
The narrow grey band in the centre of the image is melting ice , between the rocky coast to the left ( west ) and thicker , non-melting , higher altitude ice to the right ( east ) .
( ( NASA ) )
Greenland 's ice is melting at such a rapid pace that the land beneath it is rising up , say U.S. researchers .
The dense , two - kilometre thick icecap that covers Greenland suppresses the land , keeping its elevation in check , researchers at the University of Miami write in a new study .
However , it is melting so quickly that the island 's coastal areas are rising at a rate of one inch per year .
The scientists predict that by 2025 , that rate could be two inches a year .
" What 's surprising , and a bit worrisome , is that the ice is melting so fast that we can actually see the land uplift in response , " said the study 's principal investigator , Tim Dixon , professor of geophysics at the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science ( RSMAS ) , in a news release .
" Even more surprising , the rise seems to be accelerating , implying that melting is accelerating . "
To determine the rise of the land , the researchers used a global positioning system ( GPS ) on the shores of Greenland to determine the precise increases in the rise of a variety of coastal areas since 1995 .
The GPS determined that the increases in land elevation began in the mid-1990s .
" Greenland 's ice melt is very important because it has a big impact on global sea level rise , " said study co-author Yan Jiang , a PhD candidate at RSMAS .
Yiang said that Greenland could soon become the biggest factor in a rise in sea levels around the world .
The study is published in the May 16 issue of Nature Geoscience .
Hardware makers will unite behind Google 's Android as the primary operating system for tablet computers , according to Nvidia 's CEO .
Tablets are shaping up to be one of the highlights of the annual Computex show in Taipei , where hardware makers are showing off their latest products and prototypes .
Most manufacturers are expected to show off tablets , with some designed to run Android and others Windows .
But Windows is n't the best choice for a tablet , said Jen -Hsun Huang , president and CEO at Nvidia .
" Windows is too big and it's too full featured for smartbooks and tablets , " Huang said , speaking with reporters in Taipei on Monday .
Smartbook is a term used to describe low - cost laptops containing processors designed by Arm instead of x86 chips from Intel or Advanced Micro Devices .
" The good news is that we finally have an operating system to unite behind .
Android is an operating system that has gained a tremendous amount of momentum all over the world , " Huang said .
Android was originally developed with cell phones in mind but computer makers wasted no time putting it to use in other devices .
Several hardware makers showed off netbooks running the OS at Computex last year .
In addition , Acer shipped a version of its Aspire One netbook that came with Windows XP and Android installed .
" Android has become the fastest growing mobile operating system in the world and , in fact , it has surpassed the iPhone in terms of growth and in terms of users , " he said .
The iPad 's success proved there is widespread demand for tablets and set the bar high for rivals .
Apple sold 1 million iPads during the first four weeks it was on sale , winning praise from users for its sleek and intuitive user interface , as well as its long battery life .
Matching Apple 's success wo n't be easy and will require modifications to optimize Android for tablets .
" Andy Rubin and his team [ at Google ] know exactly where the industry needs to go .
Android started out as a phone but it's not lost on them that the tablet is going to be very important and that the Android operating system has to evolve , and be enhanced in certain capabilities , in order to be a good tablet operating system , " Huang said , citing graphics performance as one area where Android needs to be improved to match the iPad .
Nvidia has a vested interest in seeing the tablet market take off .
The company is selling its own Arm - based processor , called Tegra 2 , that 's designed for tablets .
The chip combines a dual - core Arm processor , a graphics processor , and other components on a single piece of silicon .
While tablets based on Tegra 2 have yet to hit the market , they will go on sale before the end of this year .
" I think we 'll have to wait until this fall .
The operating systems are coming together , the devices are coming together , " Huang said .
Bomb disposal squad officers are continuing an investigation into an explosion in a home near Grafton .
A teenager remains in a serious condition in hospital after losing one hand and badly injuring the other in an explosion in his Grafton home on Friday .
Police say it seems the 16 - year - old was making fireworks from sparklers when something went wrong .
Specialist rescue and bomb disposal squad officers have examined the teenager 's bedroom .
They are still waiting to speak with the boy to find out what caused the explosion .
Sarah Palin , the former Republican vice presidential candidate who helped popularize “ Drill , baby , drill ” as a slogan , suggested Sunday that President Obama ’s campaign ties to the oil industry were impeding cleanup of the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs responded that Palin should better inform herself about oil politics and policy .
Speaking on " Fox News Sunday , ” the former Alaska governor said she remained a “ big supporter ” of oil drilling but believed “ these oil companies have got to be held accountable . ”
Pointing to what she termed the White House ’s relationship with “ the oil companies who have so supported President Obama in his campaign and are supportive of him now , ” Palin questioned whether “ there ’s any connection there to President Obama taking so doggone long to get in there , to dive in there , and grasp the complexity and the potential tragedy that we are seeing here in the Gulf of Mexico . ”
Gibbs , on CBS News ’ “ Face the Nation , ” suggested Palin do some homework .
“ I ’m almost sure that the oil companies do n’t consider the Obama administration a huge ally , ” Gibbs said .
“ We proposed a windfall profits tax when they jacked their oil prices up to charge more for gasoline . ”
Gibbs said , “ My suggestion to Sarah Palin would be to get slightly more informed as to what ’s going on in and around oil drilling in this country . ”
The oil and gas industry donated $ 2.4 million to Palin ’s running mate , Republican John McCain , in the 2008 election cycle , and nearly $ 900,000 to Obama , according to the Center for Responsive Politics ’ opensecrets.org website .
One month after the BP rig exploded and sank in the gulf , thousands of barrels of oil a day continue spilling as experts struggle to devise a way to cap the break and contain the crude .
A live webcam shows the oil spewing underwater in graphic detail .
Criticism has been mounting over the inability of the White House and BP to stem the flow that is threatening the economic livelihood of gulf coast communities and wreaking environmental destruction .
Gibbs said the government “ is doing everything humanly and technologically possible to plug the hole . ”
“ Every bit of government has been activated , ” Gibbs said .
“ The president has told the team to spare nothing in trying to cap this well . ”
Asked whether there would be a criminal investigation of the spill , Gibbs said Justice Department lawyers have been to the gulf “ to gather information on this . ”
Republicans popularized “ Drill , baby , drill ” as a campaign slogan in 2008 as gasoline prices were on the rise and Democrats promoted alternative energy sources .
The slogan gained prominence during the Republican National Convention , and Palin often was greeted by chanting supporters on the campaign trail .
Palin said Sunday that she remained “ a strong supporter of domestic energy supplies being extracted , ” and she said onshore drilling can be safer than in ocean waters .
“ Maybe this is a lesson too for those who oppose safe , domestic supplies being extracted on our shores and on the land , ” she said , citing regions in Alaska .
“ Let us drill there where it is even safer than way offshore . ”
Palin has been a longtime advocate of drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , which environmentalists say should remain protected .
lmascaro@tribune.com
NOTE : This article has been edited from a previous version that incorrectly stated the non-partisan Canadian Constitution Foundation is a Christian advocacy group .
From the moment I began this book , I was confronted by skeptics who insist that a truly influential religious right could never take root in Canada .
For some , that denial seemed like an exercise in wishful thinking , a refusal to face the possibility that the idea of the country they cherish — liberal , tolerant , and not given to extremes of action or belief — might not be in sync with the changing reality .
Others argued that if a Christian right did exist here it would have burst fully formed on to the political scene , a carbon copy of that in the U.S. — raucous and confrontational , openly pulling the strings of the Conservative party and captained by outspoken television preachers with millions of viewers ready to respond to their bidding .
But the American movement has had more than three decades to take shape and flourish ; by the time scholars and the mainstream media noticed , it had already infiltrated nearly every level of government from school boards to the Senate , often by stealth .
In this country , where the CRTC has kept the reins on religious broadcasting and Catholics make up a larger proportion of the faith community , the emergent Christian right may look and sound different than its American counterpart , but in the five years since the prospect of same - sex marriage propelled evangelicals into political action , it has spawned a coalition of advocacy groups , think tanks and youth lobbies that have changed the national debate .
The “ sleeping giant ” that Capital Xtra !
magazine had warned against in 2005 is now up and about , organizing with a vengeance that will not be easily reversed .
As Faytene Kryskow , leader of Christian youth lobby called 4MYCanada , told a parliamentary reception , “ We are here , and we are here to stay . ”
With funding from a handful of conservative Christian philanthropists and a web of grassroots believers accustomed to tithing in the service of their faith , those organizations have built sophisticated databases and online networks capable of mobilizing their forces behind specific legislation with instant e-mail alerts and updates .
Setting up an array of internship programs , they are also training a new generation of activists to be savvier than their secular peers in navigating the corridors of power .
Already , their alumni have landed top jobs in the public service , MPs ’ offices and the PMO , prompting one official from the National House of Prayer to boast in an unguarded moment , “ If the media knew how many Christians there are in the government , they ’d go crazy . ”
In fact , as the movement focuses on taking over the “ gateways of influence , ” one of the portals within its sights is the mainstream media itself .
Where once social conservatives regarded the fourth estate as hostile territory from which they had been sidelined , now the heads of religious - right think tanks , such as Dave Quist and Joseph Ben - Ami , have become regular spinmeisters for the social conservative point of view , their numbers on the speed - dial of Ottawa reporters seeking an instant quip or a quote .
At the same time , Faytene Kryskow is training her young activists in the art of getting letters to the editor and opinion pieces published — furnishing online examples to copy and a daily index of articles demanding commentary — none of them betraying their links to 4MYCanada .
As she crowed to a gathering of MPs , “ You are likely reading our words much more often than you realize . ”
Numerically , the Canadian religious right may still be a fraction of that in the U.S. , but as Ottawa communications consultant Dennis Gruending points out , “ Groups that are well organized can punch above their weight — particularly in an era of fractured parliaments and minority governments . ”
A former New Democratic Party MP , Gruending laments that “ there is little in progressive Ottawa to rival the networks that have been created by the religious and political right . ”
Moreover , pundits who predicted those networks would vanish in the wake of the same - sex marriage defeat have instead seen them proliferate .
Amid the stormy U.S. health - care debate of 2009 , most Canadians were stunned to discover that one of their own was the star of a $ 2 million television campaign warning Americans about the perils of this country ’s publicly funded medical system .
Shona Holmes , the poster girl for that attack , turned out to be fronting a lawsuit against Ontario ’s health ministry spearheaded by a Calgary - based advocacy group named the Canadian Constitution Foundation .
And new battle fronts are emerging at a time when the old conflicts have by no means lost their power to inflame .
On university campuses across the country , clashes between pro-life clubs and student governments have become more frequent and explosive .
Many have been sparked by the Canadian branch of the Center for Bio-Ethical Reform , an American anti-abortion lobby founded by a former member of the Reagan administration , whose “ Genocide Awareness ” billboards feature montages of mangled fetuses next to photos from Nazi concentration camps .
That blatant attempt to raise the emotional temperature in an already volatile debate comes as two U.S. polls show that , for the first time since 1995 , opposition to abortion is on the rise while support for it is slipping even more sharply .
Some pro-life activists credit advances in medical technology with boosting their cause in a way that picket lines outside abortion clinics never could — an argument with which Dave Quist of Ottawa ’s Institute of Marriage and Family Canada concurs .
“ As we see ultrasounds and microscopic pictures of what goes on in the womb , ” he told an evangelical conference , “ I think science is going to help us a great deal on that issue . ”
The persistence of these moral disputes means that Christian - right organizations such as Quist ’s will remain players in the political arena for years to come .
Asked when he would consider his mission accomplished in Ottawa , he admits he cannot imagine such a time : “ There ’s always going to be a social issue to deal with , ” he says .
At a New Brunswick press conference in the midst of the 2008 election campaign , Stephen Harper staked out his political legacy , arguing that under his government , the Canadian public had already become more conservative .
Although he seemed to be referring to fiscal attitudes , social conservatives like Joseph Ben - Ami did not disagree .
“ In the real world , you measure success not so much on whether you won or lost but where the centre of gravity is , ” Ben - Ami says .
“ And I think in this country , it has shifted somewhat to the right . ”
When Harper came to office , he adopted an electoral script crafted by his ideological soulmates in the Republican Party , nurturing a religious - right constituency that had never before enjoyed such attention or access to government .
But unlike George W. Bush ’s evangelical base , Harper ’s theo - conservative constituency is not large enough to guarantee him a clear majority .
He cannot win without it , but he cannot win with theo - cons alone .
That conundrum leaves him , in some ways , a prisoner of his own electoral calculations , consigned to tread an uneasy tightrope between the social - and economic - conservative wings of his party .
In scrambling to present policies that appeal to both camps , he has often ended up pleasing neither .
For those hard - core believers who expected him to roll back same - sex marriage and enshrine fetal rights , he has been a major disappointment .
Even the Evangelical Fellowship has noted the “ lack of policy gains ” on his watch .
More importantly , because those measures he did proffer seemed born of calculation , not conviction , many came across as awkward and opportunistic , executed under a veil of secrecy and withdrawn at the first sign they might exact too high a price at the voting booth .
What he has accomplished , however , may be less obvious and more lasting .
Without putting forth a single piece of provocative legislation , he has used the enormous patronage powers of his office to shift the ideological leanings of key institutions , from the federal courts to federal regulatory agencies , toward a more socially conservative worldview .
At the same time , he has eliminated many of the forces that opposed such a policy drift .
With the stroke of a budgetary pen , he has defunded agencies such as the Status of Women Canada and the Court Challenges Program , leaving both feminists and gay activists without resources to take on hostile government policies , while his cutbacks to scholarly granting bodies have helped silence environmental critics in academia and science .
Even arm ’s - length agencies have not been safe from his reach .
At Montreal ’s Rights and Democracy organization , which had okayed three grants to the Palestinian cause , two Harper appointees — chairman Aurel Braun , a militantly pro-Israel political science professor , and vice - chairman Jacques Gauthier , the lawyer for the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem — engineered a coup that has been blamed for driving out respected international board members .
In a 2003 speech to the secretive conservative organization Civitas , Harper called for a foreign policy based on morality — a criterion that he equated with unflinching support for Israel , the only democracy in the Middle East .
That shift not only altered the nation ’s image as an even - handed power - broker on the world stage , it tied Canadian diplomacy to a less idealistic objective : sewing up both the Jewish and Christian Zionist vote for the Conservatives .
Those same domestic considerations appear to have guided Harper ’s belated trips to two emerging economic superpowers to which he had offered a cold shoulder , India and China , a vivid reminder that morality itself can be an elastic concept .
On a visit to India aimed at selling nuclear reactors and uranium to a country that has already used Candu technology to build its own bomb — and still refuses to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty —
Harper took pains to tour two sites representing only tiny fractions of the Indian population .
Those sites , however , are sacred to key elements in his theo - conservative constituency back home : the Golden Temple in Amritsar , the holiest of shrines to Canada ’s nearly three hundred thousand Sikhs , and the Chabad - Lubavitch outreach centre in Mumbai , a symbol of Judaism attacked by Islamic terrorists .
For years , Harper and the Conservative Party had refused to consort with China , lambasting its human rights record .
To social conservatives like Stockwell Day , who became the leading cheerleader for its island rival Taiwan , the mainland republic of Mao represented a twofold cause for concern : like the former Soviet Union , it was officially godless , and it had viciously persecuted Christians .
That strategy left Canada at a marked disadvantage as China became a global powerhouse that controlled America ’s financial fate in the wake of the 2008 economic meltdown .
When free - trade treaties with the U.S. proved no bulwark against congressional Buy America bills , a parade of Conservative heavyweights , led by Day — by then Harper ’s minister of international trade — began shuttling to Beijing in search of new markets .
In 2009 alone , seven ministerial missions visited China , almost as many as in all of the previous four years .
Some in the Christian right have also been agitating for another , more contentious shift in foreign policy , which has already found a champion in a Conservative backbencher .
Only a few months after Obama ended George Bush ’s ban on congressional funding for overseas aid groups that counsel abortion , Saskatchewan MP Brad Trost circulated a petition among religious - right groups to drum up support for a move in the opposite direction — one that may be a sign of things to come .
In the letter , signed by thirty like - minded MPs , Trost demanded that the Canadian International Development Agency ( CIDA ) end its $ 18 million in annual grants to overseas programs run by the International Planned Parenthood Federation .
That initiative may be useful to keep in mind in the wake of Harper ’s proposal to the Group of Eight to focus on maternal health care .
Even Harper ’s supporters fault him for producing few social Conservative policy victories , but he has changed the nation in far more profound ways , aligning it increasingly with the United States .
A population that once basked in its image as an international peacekeeper now glories in a more muscular militarism , and Harper has been happy to trade the diplomatic independence of a middle power to walk in loyal lockstep with Washington on almost all matters of national security .
But in keeping with that increasing Americanization , Harper has also altered the terms and tone of the debate , thrusting God into the centre of the national conversation .
Whether signing off his throne speeches with a blessing or lavishing invitations on the leaders of the Christian right , he has brought religion out of the closet and into the public square for the first time in recent memory .
“ We ’re talking about things in a different way than we did three years ago , ” says Brian Rushfeldt , Harper ’s old ally from the Canada Family Action Coalition .
Much of that new spiritual consciousness comes from the increasing presence of conservative Christians in the capital .
As Harper has gradually unmuzzled his evangelical Christian MPs , allowing them a higher profile and letting them test public sentiments with private members ’ bills , he has emboldened the religious right as a whole .
“ They ’re more brazen and confident , ” says Joyce Arthur , director of the Abortion Rights Coalition .
“ That ’s the big change .
Being in power has given them legitimacy . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
On talk radio and in the pages of the National Post , the best source of news on the religious right , a new stridency has emerged : critics of the government ’s efforts to pander to its theo - conservative constituency are dismissed as god-hating secular zealots and opponents of its pro-Israel policy are routinely branded anti-Semites .
In the blogosphere , the rhetoric has become even more shrill , fuelling an angry strain of faith - based intolerance .
Scarcely three decades after Brian Stiller , of the Evangelical Fellowship , recoiled at the mix of religiosity and righteous patriotism spouted by Falwell and his fellow televangelists in the U.S. , the Prime Minister now sends his public blessings to prayer rallies where Christian nationalists brandishing Canadian flags are calling for a Bible - based theocracy .
However delighted they might seem by Harper ’s attentions and Governance — part of their credo is to honour those in authority — they are not likely to be mollified by his plodding incrementalism or cautious tweaks of the bureaucracy .
Aggressive and insistent , they are driven by a fierce imperative to reconstruct Canada in a biblical mould .
Waving their bright flags on the lawns of the Parliament Buildings , extolling the country ’s Christian roots to a compelling soft - rock beat , they might seem to offer a refreshing recipe for morality and national pride , but their agenda — while outwardly inclusive and multi-racial — is ultimately exclusionary .
In their idealized Christian nation , non-believers — atheists , non-Christians and even Christian secularists — have no place , and those in violation of biblical law , notably homosexuals and adulterers , would merit severe punishment and the sort of shunning that once characterized a society where suspected witches were burned .
Theirs is a dark and dangerous vision , one that brooks no dissent and requires the dismantling of key democratic institutions .
A preview is on display south of the border , where decades of religious - right triumphs have left a nation bitterly splintered along lines of faith and ideology , trapped in the hysteria of overcharged rhetoric and resentment .
For this new wave of Christian nationalists , united across the continent by the charismatic renewal movement , the signs and portents of the end - times are unmistakable , apparent in each new earthquake report or tremor of the global financial system , and they feel they have no time to waste .
Their mission is to prepare God ’s dominion on Earth , and they are unlikely to rest until they see their perceived scriptural prophecies fulfilled in Ottawa and Jerusalem alike .
As Faytene Kryskow underlines in her book , Marked , she and her fellow revivalists are no longer content to agitate for policy crumbs .
They have “ a take - over mentality , ” she writes : “ They are convinced that God has called them to take over the world ! ”
Read more about :
The Times Square street vendors who alerted the police to a smoking Nissan Pathfinder on May 1 seemed to be acting on a combination of their streetwise instincts , their sense of civic duty , their military training and the advice of Allen Kay .
They did not know Mr. Kay personally .
But they were familiar with his work .
As chairman and chief executive of the Manhattan advertising agency Korey Kay & Partners , Mr. Kay has written about half of more than 80 slogans that the company has created since its founding in 1982 .
The tagline for EmigrantDirect , an online banking division of Emigrant Bank — “ More Money for Your Money ” — was his .
The one for Stuart Weitzman , the women ’s shoe maker — “ A Little Obsessed With Shoes ” — was his , too .
Of course , the vendors who noticed the smoking Pathfinder had a different one in mind : “ If You See Something , Say Something . ”
Fighting PC game piracy with restrictive copy protection is " a losing battle " , Blizzard has said .
In recent months some publishers have begun using digital rights management ( DRM ) that requires players have an active internet connection at all times .
Ubisoft 's new DRM system forces PCs to be connected to the internet in order for games to work - even single - player games .
Earlier this year gamers reacted angrily to the strict DRM used by Ubisoft in the PC version of Assassin 's Creed 2 and Silent Hunter 5 .
Attacks on verification servers made it impossible for some gamers to play their new purchases .
StarCraft II developer Blizzard is taking a different approach .
StarCraft II , due out on July 27 , requires a one - off activation and a registered Battle .
net account .
Once completed , players will be able to get started with the game 's single - player campaign in offline mode .
Blizzard hopes the new and improved Battle .
net service , which connects players from across Blizzard 's stable of games , will be attractive enough to convince would - be pirates to buy the game .
" If we 've done our job right and implemented Battle .
net in a great way people will want to be connected while they 're playing the single player campaign so they can stay connected to their friends on Battle.
net and earn the achievements on Battle.net , " Frank Pearce , Blizzard co-founder and executive producer on StarCraft II told VideoGamer.com .
" The best approach from our perspective is to make sure that you 've got a full - featured platform that people want to play on , where their friends are , where the community is , " he added .
" That 's a battle that we have a chance in .
If you start talking about DRM and different technologies to try to manage it , it 's really a losing battle for us , because the community is always so much larger , and the number of people out there that want to try to counteract that technology , whether it 's because they want to pirate the game or just because it's a curiosity for them , is much larger than our development teams .
" We need our development teams focused on content and cool features , not anti-piracy technology . "
Last year it emerged that StarCraft II will lack LAN support , a move that angered some veteran fans of the series .
Blizzard said the decision was taken to " safeguard " against piracy .
Head over to our hands - on preview of the game 's single - player campaign to get the skinny on StarCraft II .
For the rest of our interview with Frank Pearce , head here .
Source :
" LOST " IS EXTENDED AN EXTRA HALF - HOUR IN ORDER TO FULLY REVEAL THE EXCITING SERIES FINALE , SUNDAY , MAY 23 ON ABC" Lost " Series Finale to Air on Sunday , May 23 from 9:00 - 11:30 p.m. , ET , Retrospective Special , " Lost : The Final Journey , " Precedes the Finale from 7:00 - 9:00 p.m. , ETJimmy Kimmel Bids the Show Farewell in " Jimmy Kimmel Live : Aloha to Lost " from 12:05 - 1:05 a.m. , ETThe " Lost " series finale event just got bigger with a half - hour extension of the finale episode , SUNDAY , MAY 23 from 9:00 - 11:30 , p.m. , ET , on the ABC Television Network .
With so much story to tell , the timeslot needed to be expanded .
Preceding the finale will be the retrospective special , " Lost : The Final Journey , " from 7:00 - 9:00 p.m. , ET , which takes a look back over the past six seasons of this groundbreaking show .
Additionally , Jimmy Kimmel bids farewell to " Lost " in his own indelible manner on " Jimmy Kimmel Live : Aloha to Lost , " airing from 12:05 - 1:05 a.m. , ET .
The critically acclaimed , hit drama " Lost " premiered on September 22 , 2004 .
The series was nominated for numerous awards and was a 2008 recipient of the prestigious Peabody Award , and awarded the 2005 Emmy and 2006 Golden Globe for Best Drama Series .
At the end of its sixth and final season , " Lost " will have aired 114 episodes ( 121 episodic hours ) .
Oceanic
Air flight 815 tore apart in mid-air and crashed on a Pacific island , leaving 48 passengers alive and stranded on a remote island in the South Pacific .
The survivors include a diverse group of people from different walks of life -- a doctor , an escaped fugitive , a con man , an Iraqi interrogator , a married Korean couple and a man formerly confined to a wheelchair who is now inexplicably healed .
As the castaways attempt to get home , flashbacks ( and forwards ) illuminate their troubled lives before and after the crash , as the island that they find themselves stranded on begins to slowly reveal its mysterious nature .
Faith , reason , destiny and free will all clash as the island offers opportunities for both corruption and redemption ... but as to its true purpose ?
That 's the greatest mystery of all .
" Lost " stars Naveen Andrews as Sayid , Nestor Carbonell as Richard Alpert , Emilie de Ravin as Claire , Michael Emerson as Ben , Jeff Fahey as Frank Lapidus , Matthew Fox as Jack , Jorge Garcia as Hurley , Josh Holloway as Sawyer , Daniel Dae Kim as Jin , Yunjin Kim as Sun , Ken Leung as Miles , Evangeline Lilly as Kate , Terry O'Quinn as Locke and Zuleikha Robinson as Ilana . " Lost " was created by Jeffrey Lieber and J.J. Abrams & Damon Lindelof .
Abrams , Lindelof , Bryan Burk , Jean Higgins , Elizabeth Sarnoff , Edward Kitsis , Adam Horowitz , Jack Bender and Carlton Cuse serve as executive producers .
" Lost , " which is filmed entirely on location in Hawaii and premiered on September 22 , 2004 , is from ABC Studios .
For more information on " Lost , " visit ABC.com
Apparently , the wheels on the lawsuit also go round and round .
Nokia announced on Friday that it was suing Apple for intellectual property infringement .
If you think you ’ve just seen a glitch in the Matrix , do n’t worry : this is n’t the first time the Finland - based company has taken legal action against Cupertino .
This most recent lawsuit , filed in the U.S. Federal court of the Western District of Wisconsin , sees Nokia targeting the iPhone and iPad 3G for infringement of five Nokia patents .
The mobile phone maker has been kind enough to detail them in a press release :
The patents in question relate to technologies for enhanced speech and data transmission , using positioning data in applications and innovations in antenna configurations that improve performance and save space , allowing smaller and more compact devices .
Well , those all certainly sound like they describe aspects of the iPhone and 3G - enabled iPad .
But could n’t Nokia have included these allegations in one of its previous suits ?
After all , everybody likes a bundle deal .
If you ’re having trouble following the whole tortured legal web , we do n’t blame you .
Allow us to present this condensed timeline of the legal machinations between the two companies .
In October 2009 , Nokia sued Apple in the U.S. Federal District Court in Delaware over ten different violations ;
Apple responded with its own countersuit in December of last year , raising the stakes to 13 patents .
The two sides also each filed respective complaints with the U.S. International Trade Commission to block the other company from importing its goods into the country .
In March , the Delaware judge suspended the infringement suit until the ITC investigations were resolved .
It ’s certainly clear we have n’t heard the last of this ongoing legal battle over who invented what and when .
As to why Nokia would file suit in Wisconsin , it ’s not immediately clear — though we imagine it is not ( merely ) out of a fondness for the state ’s legendary cheese prowess .
SINGAPORE / KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters ) -
An oil tanker and a bulk carrier collided in waters between Malaysia and Singapore on Tuesday morning , spilling an estimated 2,500 tonnes of oil , but traffic in Asia ’s busiest shipping lane was not affected .
A close up view shows the damage on the Malaysian flagged MT Bunga Kelana 3 after a collision with a bulk carrier in the waters between Malaysia and Singapore May 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency / Handout
The Malaysian flagged MT Bunga Kelana 3 was carrying about 62,000 tonnes of light crude oil , the country ’s coast guard said .
Singapore port authorities said the spill measured about 4 kilometers by 1 kilometer and was located 6 kilometers south of Singapore ’s southeastern tip at 2:20 p.m. local time .
Singapore and Malaysia activated oil - spill response companies and a clean - up operation involving 20 craft was under way .
There were no reports of injuries among the 50 crew members .
The incident happened in the Traffic Separation Scheme ( TSS ) of the Singapore Strait , 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) from the tip of the island nation , the city - state ’s Maritime and Port Authority ( MPA ) said .
The spill , equivalent to about 18,000 barrels , is dwarfed by the approximately 175,000 barrels of oil that has poured into the Gulf of Mexico since the deadly April 20 offshore explosion that sank the Deepwater Horizon rig .
It was less than a tenth the size of Singapore ’s worst such oil spill since the MPA was created .
As much as 29,000 tonnes of heavy marine fuel oil leaked into Singapore waters from the tanker Evoikos in 1997 after it collided with the Orapin Global tanker .
“ This is a relatively small amount in the general scheme of things , and it is not like the Gulf of Mexico , which is continuing to leak , ” said Victor Shum from oil consultancy Purvin & Gertz in Singapore .
“ If it is contained within an oil retaining booms , it may not disrupt shipping traffic .
There is no comparison .
That one has really no limit at this stage . ”
In terms of the impact of Singapore ’s spill on the environment , Shum said : “ I think certainly the concerns are there .
Even if it is contained , it will take some time to clean up . ”
The 1997 Evoikos spill took three weeks to clean up .
Singapore and Malaysia were applying oil dispersants and containment booms for the clean up , MPA said .
About 40 percent of global trade passes through the Malacca Strait between Malaysia and Indonesia ’s Sumatra .
Singapore , the world ’s largest bunkering port and Asia ’s top oil - trading hub , lies at the southeastern end of the waterway .
The collision was between the tanker and the MV Waily , a bulk carrier registered in St Vincent and the Grenadines , which suffered minor damage , the Malaysian coast guard said .
Both vessels are anchored away from the incident ’s site .
10 - METER GASH
The collision caused a 10 - meter gash on the left side of the tanker , the coast guard said .
The vessel was carrying Bintulu condensate and light crude , said Paul Lovell , head of corporate communications at AET Tanker Holdings Sdn Bhd .
AET , which owns and manages the vessel , is a wholly owned subsidiary of transport and energy company MISC Bhd , a unit of Malaysian national oil firm Petronas .
“ She was carrying two types of cargo , some condensate and some very light crude , it was about 40 percent condensate and about 60 percent light crude on the vessel at the time of the incident , ” Lovell said .
“ It looks as though the spill would have been from the very light crude , the exact amount I ca n’t tell you . ”
The spokesman could not say who owned the oil .
MISC on its website lists the Bunga Kelana 3 as an Aframax class tanker built in 1998 with a dead weight tonnage of 105,784 . ( www.misc.com.my).
Deep inside the ear , specialized cells called hair cells detect vibrations in the air and translate them into sound .
Ten years ago , Stefan Heller , PhD , professor of otolaryngology at the Stanford University School of Medicine , came up with the idea that if you could create these cells in the laboratory from stem cells , it would go a long way toward helping scientists understand the molecular basis of hearing in order to develop better treatments for deafness .
After years of lab work , researchers in Heller 's lab will report in the May 14 issue of Cell that they have found a way to develop mouse cells that look and act just like the animal 's inner-ear hair cells -- the linchpin to our sense of hearing and balance -- in a petri dish .
If they can further perfect the recipe to generate hair cells in the millions , it could lead to significant scientific and clinical advances along the path to curing deafness in the future , they said .
" This gives us real hope that there might be some kind of therapy for regenerating hair cells , " said David Corey , PhD , professor of neurobiology at Harvard University who was not involved in the study .
" It could take a decade or more , but it 's a possibility . "
Using both embryonic stem cells from mice as well as reprogrammed mouse fibroblasts ( a type of relatively undifferentiated cell found in many parts of the body ) , the researchers present a step - by - step guide on how to coax these cells into the sensory cells that normally reside in the inner ear .
" We knew it was really working when we saw them in the electron microscope , " Heller said .
" They really looked like they were more or less taken out of the ear . "
Humans are born with 30,000 cochlear and vestibular hair cells per ear .
( By contrast , one retina harbors about 120 million photoreceptors . )
When a significant number of these cells are lost or damaged , hearing loss occurs .
The major reason for hearing loss and certain balance disorders is that -- unlike other species such as birds -- humans and other mammals are unable to spontaneously regenerate these hearing cells .
advertisement
As the population has aged and noise pollution has grown more severe , health experts now estimate that one in three adults over the age of 65 has developed a handicapping hearing loss due to the destruction of these limited number of hair cells .
One of the roadblocks to understanding the molecular basis of hearing is the paucity of hair cells available for study , Heller said .
While researchers will ultimately need human hair cells , the mouse version is a good model for the initial phases of experimentation , he said .
In addition to using mouse embryonic stem cells , the researchers used fibroblasts that had been reprogrammed to behave like stem cells :
These are known as induced pluripotent stem cells , or iPS cells .
" Our study offers a protocol to generate millions of functional hair cells from a renewable source , " Heller said .
" We can now generate these cells and do n't have to go through dozens of mice for a single experiment .
This allows us to do molecular studies with much higher efficiency . "
The study details how the researchers succeeded in coaxing the mouse embryonic stem cells and the iPS cells through different phases of development that occur in the womb .
According to lead author Kazuo Oshima , MD , PhD , a research instructor at Stanford who works in Heller 's lab , they started by turning the stem and iPS cells into the type of cells that form a young embryo's ectoderm -- the embryo's outer layer of cells that eventually differentiate into many tissues and structures , such as skin and nerve cells .
Next they used specific growth factors to transform them into " otic - progenitor " cells ( otic means ear ) .
And after that , they varied the chemical soup in the dish , so that the cells clustered in a manner similar to hair cells and developed stereociliary bundles , which are also characteristic of hair cells .
" We looked at how the ear develops in an embryo , at the developmental steps , and mimicked these steps in a culture dish , " Heller said .
advertisement
Hair cells in the inner ear contain tiny clumps of hair - like projections , known as stereocilia .
Sound vibrations cause the stereocilia to bend slightly , causing mechanical vibrations that are then converted into an electrochemical signal that the brain interprets as sound .
The cells in the petri dish , under close examination , had this same structure .
" These cells have a very intriguing structure , " Heller said .
" They look like they have hair tufts of stereocilia . "
More importantly , further study showed that the cells also responded to mechanical stimulation by producing currents just like hair cells .
Using a probe , researchers stimulated the bundles and recorded the currents that were evoked .
Co-author Anthony Ricci , PhD , associate professor of otolaryngology , was responsible for this step of the work .
Heller , a leader in stem - cell based research on the inner ear , has recently been focused on two paths for possible cures for deafness : drug therapy -- which could be as simple as an application of ear drops -- and stem cell transplantation into the inner ear .
Both paths could be further advanced by the ability to develop hair - cell - like cells , he said .
" We could now test thousands of drugs in a culture dish , " he explained .
" It is impossible to achieve such a scale in animals .
Within a decade or so we could reap the benefits of this type of screening . "
The lab 's research into the regeneration of hair cells for transplantation into the inner ear to cure deafness will also continue .
" We made hair - cell - like cells in a petri dish , " said Oshima .
" This is an important step toward development of future therapies . "
The study was funded by grants from the National Institute of Health , the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine and by a Neuroscience of Brain Disorders Award from the McKnight Endowment Fund for Neuroscience .
Other Stanford co-authors include postdoctoral scholars Kunyoo Shin , PhD ; Mark Diensthuber , MD ; and Anthony Peng , PhD .
MONROE , Ohio --
A six - story - tall statue of Jesus Christ with his arms raised along a highway was struck by lightning in a thunderstorm Monday night and burned to the ground , police said .
The " King of Kings " statue , one of southwest Ohio's most familiar landmarks , had stood since 2004 at the evangelical Solid Rock Church along Interstate 75 in Monroe , just north of Cincinnati .
The lightning strike set the statue ablaze around 11:15 p.m. , Monroe police dispatchers said .
The sculpture , 62 feet tall and 40 feet wide at the base , showed Jesus from the torso up and was nicknamed Touchdown Jesus because of the way his arms were raised , as though reaching out to catch a football .
It was made of plastic foam and fiberglass over a steel frame , which is all that remained early today .
The fire spread from the statue to an adjacent amphitheater but was confined to the attic area , and no one was injured , police Chief Mark Neu said .
The fire department would release a monetary damage estimate Tuesday , he said .
Travelers on Interstate 75 often were startled to come upon the huge statue by the roadside , but many said America needs more symbols like it .
So many people stopped at the church campus that church officials had to build a walkway to accommodate them .
The 4,000 - member , nondenominational church was founded by former horse trader Lawrence Bishop and his wife .
Bishop said in 2004 he was trying to help people , not impress them , with the statue .
He said his wife proposed the Jesus figure as a beacon of hope and salvation and they spent about $ 250,000 to finance it .
Ooooohhh .
Aaaahhhhh .
Yes , it 's only Tuesday , but we 're already thinking about the 4th of July weekend .
And those thoughts sent us searching for the local fireworks displays .
After the jump is a list of what we found .
If we missed one that you like to check out , let us know .
July 2nd
Scotia
Freedom Park fireworks display starts at dusk on Friday in Collins Park .
July 3rd
Saratoga
The Saratoga Gaming and Raceway ( The Racino ) has a display on July 3rd at 9:15 .
You can watch from inside , or line up with all the other cars along the fence .
Troy
The Valley Cats have a post game fireworks display at " The Joe . "
Waterford
There 's a fireworks display at dusk at the Waterford Visitors Center as part of the Waterford Steamboat meet .
Averill Park
There 's a display in Butler Park on July 3rd at 9 .
July 4th
Albany
Price Chopper 's Fabulous 4th & Fireworks Festival at Empire State Plaza is part of the day long festival at the plaza .
The festival goes from 3 - 10 .
Fireworks are at dusk .
Clifton Park
Clifton Commons -- part of its 4th of July festival , which runs from noon to 10 .
Saratoga
Fireworks wrap up a All - American Celebration in Congress Park on July 4th
Troy
Another post Valley Cats game fireworks display at " The Joe . "
July 5th
Troy
A third Valley Cats fireworks display after the game at " The Joe . "
Photo : Sebastien Barre
[ Editor 's Note : During the last nine months , Money Morning has repeatedly warned readers that so - called ' high - frequency trading , ' or HFT , was trouble waiting to happen for U.S. investors .
On Thursday , events proved us right .
Experts say HFT was responsible for a plunge that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down nearly 1,000 points late in the trading day . ]
Back on April 14 , U.S. stocks advanced for the fifth day in a row , causing the U.S. Standard & Poor 's 500 Index to close above the 1,200 level for the first time in more than 18 months .
Traders said that a growing confidence in the strength of the U.S. rebound was a key rally catalyst .
But Money Morning 's Shah Gilani was worried .
In fact , in a column published in Money Morning the next day , the retired hedge - fund manager and Money Morning contributing editor warned that traders were overlooking a key point .
According to Gilani , so - called " high - frequency trading " was responsible for much of the stock - market volume that investors have been seeing of late – meaning " real " volume was actually much lower .
The bottom line : Gilani believed that U.S. stocks were highly vulnerable to a deep downdraft .
That vulnerability introduced itself to investors in a big way on Thursday , playing a huge role in a whipsaw - trading day that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average screaming into a near - 1,000 - point nosedive at one point late in the day .
" I warned that high - frequency traders ( HFT ) were responsible for too much of the volume we 've been seeing .
I noted that , if they exited ( turned their program - driven automated trading systems ) the market , liquidity would dry up and exacerbate any downdraft , " Gilani said in an interview today ( Friday ) .
" I also warned that HFT – by the very nature of the complexities of how it works , could misfire and muck up some or all of the major exchanges .
Guess what :
That 's exactly what happened to cause the big spike down yesterday . "
Anatomy of a Downdraft
The U.S. stock market went on a wild ride Thursday , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunging nearly 1,000 points late in the afternoon .
That plunge sent the Dow down to 9,869.62 at about 2:40 p.m. EDT – its first time below the 10,000 level since November 2009 .
The Dow retraced some of its steps and ended up closing at 10,517 – down 350.97 points , or 3.2 % on the day .
The Nasdaq Composite Index closed at 2,319 , down 82.65 points , or 3.4 % , and the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index closed at 1,127 , down 37.85 points , or 3.2 % .
The Dow lost another 141 points today ( Friday ) , to close at 10,379.60 .
For the week , the Dow dropped 772 points , or 5.7 % , its worst one - week showing since October 2008 .
The downdraft started because of concerns that the Greek debt situation was making the leap from crisis to contagion , and might be infecting the finances of other European countries .
But stocks soon were down much more than was warranted by the now - well - known crisis among the " PIGS " ( Portugal , Ireland ( and / or Italy ) , Greece and Spain ) in euro land .
Just before 3 p.m. Thursday , the Dow was down bout 180 points .
Then the index literally fell right off a cliff .
It dropped more than 900 points , then retraced its steps by several hundred points – in a mere 20 minutes .
Volume skyrocketed to its highest levels in more than a year , and some stocks underwent a nightmarish plunge .
According to a Newsweek.com report , shares of Accenture PLC ( NYSE : ACN ) dived from $ 41 all the way down to a penny a share , and then back to $ 35 – in a less than five minutes .
Shares of The Proctor & Gamble Co. ( NYSE : PG ) crashed from about $ 60 down to $ 48 – only to then zoom up past the $ 60 level , again in just a few minutes .
That 's more than can be logically explained by today 's news that the Consumer Product Safety Commission is investigating reports of severe rashes caused by two new lines of Pampers diapers – which are made by P&G .
In the postmortems that started Thursday night , HFT is being identified as the chief suspect behind the near tragedy .
Computer - driven trading algorithms now account for nearly 70 % of all U.S. stock market volume .
A Chicago - based market observer and HFT expert told Newsweek that rumors are circling about a computer glitch hitting one of the automated trading systems operated by a Citigroup Inc. ( NYSE : C ) unit .
The system is said to have essentially gone " haywire . "
" This is why quality control is so essential on these automated systems , " the market observer , who asked to remain anonymous , told Newsweek .
Other rumors – including the story of the now - fabled " fat - finger discount " – are making the rounds , too .
In this particular rumor , human error is said to have been the culprit .
In this scenario , a trader or trader 's assistant allegedly typed " billion " instead of " million " into a sell order .
" When you tell a computer to do something – no matter how irrational – it does n't ask : ' Are you sure ? '
It does n't say : ' That 's insane . '
It simply executes the order , " the Newsweek account states .
An Earlier Warning
Gilani's warning about the perils of high - frequency trading was n't the only time Money Morning has cautioned readers about the potential pitfalls of this high - tech trading strategy .
Back in mid-August , Money Morning 's Martin Hutchinson , a former U.K. and U.S. merchant banker , characterized HFT as " Wall Street 's new rent - seeking trick . "
" When the U.S. economy is facing collapse and merger and acquisition volume is way down , it seems odd that investment banks like Goldman had record quarters , " Hutchinson said .
" Well , here 's the secret : [ Wall Street investment banks ] have found a new way to skim more of the cream off the top of U.S. economic activity .
It 's called " High - Frequency Trading . "
According to the Newsweek report , institutional traders " load complex trading algorithms into supercomputers , hook them up to stock exchanges , and then trade vast amounts of stocks at warp speeds , literally millions of shares in a matter of milliseconds .
With each trade , the codes gobble up about one tenth of a penny .
Eventually , a few billion pennies add up to serious money . "
That gives institutions a massive – even insurmountable – advantage over other investors , experts such as Money Morning 's Hutchinson says .
" HFT computer servers are able to beat other computers because they are located at the exchanges .
They take crucial advantage of the finite speed of light and switching systems to front - run the market , " he explained .
" They also gain information on orders and market movements more quickly than the market as a whole .
They operate not only on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) , but also on the electronic trading exchanges such as the NYSE hybrid market . "
Hutchinson described the cast of characters that make up the population of high - frequency traders .
They include :
The " liquidity - rebate traders , " who take advantage of volume rebates of about 0.25 cents per share offered by exchanges to brokers who post orders , which is supposed to provide liquidity to the market .
When they spot a large order they fill parts of it , then re-offer the shares at the same price , collecting the exchange fee for providing liquidity to the market .
The " predatory - algorithmic traders " – also known as " predatory - algo players , " who take advantage of the institutional computers that chop up large orders into many small ones .
They go to the institutional trader who wants to buy and make him bid up the price of shares by fooling its computer , placing small buy orders that they withdraw .
Eventually the " predatory - algo " shorts the stock at the higher price it has reached , making the institution pay up for its shares .
The " automated - market makers , " who " ping " stocks to identify large reserve - book orders by issuing an order very quickly , then withdrawing it .
By doing this , they obtain information on a large buyer 's limits .
They use this to buy shares elsewhere and on - sell them to the institution .
And the " program traders , " who buy large numbers of stocks at the same time to fool institutional computers into triggering large orders .
By doing this , they trigger sharp market moves .
Possible Solutions to HFT - Induced Fallout
Money Morning 's Hutchinson says that " this toxic trading has caused volume to explode , especially in NYSE - listed stocks .
The number of quote changes has also exploded and short - term volatility has shot up .
NYSE specialists now account for only around 25 % of trading volume , instead of 80 % as in the past . "
This has major ramifications for all investors , Hutchinson says .
" The bottom line for us ordinary market participants is that insiders are using computers to game the system , extracting billions of dollars from the rest of the market , " he said .
" While it is illegal to trade on insider knowledge about company financials , these people are trading on insider knowledge about market order flow .
That 's how Goldman Sachs and the other biggest houses make so much from trading .
By doing so they are rent - seeking , not providing value to the market . "
According to Hutchinson , there are two solid solutions – ideally , the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) would employ both .
First , the SEC could introduce a rule that all orders must be exposed for a full second .
That will reduce the volume of HFT , but still would n't truly protect non-computerized outsiders , he said .
The second , and better , solution would be to introduce a small " Tobin tax " on all share transactions .
It could be tiny ; maybe 0.1 cents per share .
( The SEC would also need to ban " exchange rebates " to traders ) .
" Such a tax would make the worst HFT types unprofitable , without imposing significant costs on retail investors , " Hutchinson says .
" It would also provide funds to help run the vast apparatus of regulation and control that seems to be necessary to run a modern financial system .
Goldman Sachs and other financial institutions of its ilk have imposed huge costs on the U.S. public with their ' too - big - to - fail ' status .
Now they are adding to the problem by scooping out money from the stock market through HFT .
It 's about time the government imposed some taxes to stop the worst of these scams and recover the public some of its money . "
News and Related Story Links :
Instruments can fail mechanically and when they do fail , it is important to recognize the signs .
For NMR data , any irregularities in the baseline can indicate an instrument issue .
The best strategy to minimize instrument failures is to perform regular maintenance and collect data for standards with well documented results prior to any data collection .
The legs used to support the NMR magnet are cushioned by lifts to reduce excessive floor vibrations .
If one of the lifts is not performing as it should , then the acquired data will exhibit some vibrational noise .
The noise can affect the analysis of the data .
Below are two 1H NMR spectra for the same sample magnified by a factor of ten .
The spiky baseline ( somewhat symmetrical too ) in the top spectrum is a result of a malfunctioning lift on one of the legs .
The bottom spectrum does not exhibit these spikes ; it was collected from the same NMR instrument with the same sample under identical conditions but the lift was repaired .
For the case where all the legs ’ lifts are disabled , Glenn Facey ’s blog shows the resulting spectrum .
I would like to give a special thanks to Kent for proposing the idea .
Fábio Aurélio has turned down the offer of a pay - as - you - play deal with Liverpool and will leave the club next week .
The Brazilian 's full - back 's career at Anfield has been littered with injuries and his final year was indicative of that .
He missed the start of the campaign after sustaining a knee problem while playing football with his children .
A thigh problem at the end of February prematurely ended his season .
Because of Aurélio's fitness record , Liverpool offered the 30 - year - old a flexible deal based on the matches he played , but he wanted the security of a more permanent arrangement and has chosen to end his four - year stay in Merseyside .
" Fábio 's contract is nearly finished and he is going to leave us , " Rafael Benítez , the Liverpool manager , said .
" We had been trying to work something out with regards an extension but it was a pity that we could n't .
" He has given us absolutely fantastic service .
The one problem we had with Fábio was that he suffered too many injuries and it was such a pity because he has great quality .
You are talking about an amazing person who gave 100 % all the time .
We wish him all the best . "
Aurélio's absence placed additional pressure on the 21 - year - old left - back Emiliano Insúa , as there were times when Benítez wanted to rest the Argentina international but had no back - up .
Insúa played 44 matches before he too succumbed to injury late in the season .
Intel is n't the only chipmaker to have a record first quarter — AMD 's Q1 revenue of $ 1.57 billion set a first - quarter record for the company .
Like Intel , AMD saw a huge boost in year - over - year processor shipments , and an average sales price jump as well .
But the CPU unit 's 23 percent year - over - year jump was nothing compared to the GPU division 's 88 percent year - over - year increase .
Average sales prices jumped as well , as did shipments of mobile GPUs .
Clearly , it 's good to have the top GPU on the block .
In addition to the general PC market rebound and the strength of its smaller , more focused product mix , AMD also benefited from the fact that this was the company 's first quarter to fully reflect the deconsolidation of the Globalfoundries spinoff , and it's the first full quarter after the chipmaker 's settlement with Intel .
Free from its fab burden , its legal battles , and the effects of some of the practices that Intel agreed not to engage in , the company looks to have turned itself around , at least initially .
It remains to be seen how far AMD's Fusion strategy will take it — this is partly because certain elements of the strategy are unclear , and partly because some of the elements that are clear are new and risky enough that they may not work .
The company 's upcoming high - end Bulldozer core is a departure from anything else that 's out there , and its Llano mobile part is a bit of a gamble that this level of GPU / CPU integration at this early of a stage will really pay off .
Still , if the IT rebound holds together , things look better now for AMD than they have in quite a few years .
MAY 28 -- Not every arrestee can pull off the Rainbow Coalition of rubber bands seen in the hairdo of the 20 - year - old Idahoan who starts off this week 's mug shot roundup ( he was nabbed yesterday for obstructing law enforcement ) .
A few notes about the balance of bustees : 1 ) Amazingly , the 19 - year - old Pennsylvanian on page # 3 was not collared for pot possession .
He was popped Monday for terroristic threats , among other charges ; 2 ) The Florida gentleman , 49 , on page # 7 was jailed for driving without a license .
His first name is actually Jasmin ; and 3 ) Yes , that is a tattoo of a chimpanzee peeking out from underneath the t- shirt of the 33 - year - old Minnesota man on page # 11 .
The identity of the primate ( as well as that of the adjacent woman ) is unknown .
( 16 pages )
This vintage jacket was made in Kansas City , Missouri , as a civilian version of the US army B - 2 Flight jacket , issued in the early 1930s , and replaced by the B - 3 in 1934 .
The army version was made of horsehide , with a single breast pocket , attached belt zippered cuffs on the inside of the wrist , and a full alpaca lining and mouton collar .
This jacket was produced with a civilian label and a few alterations to the pattern .
This jacket is made from capeskin , and with handwarmer pockets instead the large breast patch pocket that was universally removed from the army production version .
This jacket has an off - center Talon main zipper , with bell - shaped slider and unmarked diagonal - stripe sunburst stopbox .
The sleeves have zipper cuffs , with early pattern United Carr snaps and bell shaped talon zippers .
The jacket has heavy wear , and the label has been partially worn away .
The remaining text reads " aviation " and " Kansas City Mo " .
There is a remnant of what looks t…
Insurgent US Republican voters in Kentucky routed their party ’s establishment candidate and selected iconoclastic political outsider Rand Paul on Tuesday night , a clear show of anger at Washington ahead of November elections to decide control of the US Congress .
Similarly , Democrats in Pennsylvania appeared to have ended the political career of Sen.
Arlen Specter , one of the state ’s best known politicians who became a Democrat after Obama ’s election in an effort to prolong his time in Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats also managed to hold onto the Pennsylvania congressional seat formerly held by deceased Rep. John Murtha with the victory of Mark Critz .
The race was heavily watched and hyped as a predictor of voter mood in the lead - up to November ’s elections .
Meanwhile , Arkansas Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln was leading in polls for nomination to her third term at time of this writing , but was projected by wire services to be headed for a runoff against Bill Halter , the state ’s more left - leaning lieutenant governor .
Libertarian - styled eye doctor and tea party darling Rand Paul , son of the popular Texas conservative Rep. Ron Paul , trounced Kentucky secretary of state Trey Grayson , Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s handpicked candidate , in the party ’s Senate primary .
McConnell was quick to pledge the party ’s full support for Paul , who will challenge Democrats for McConnell ’s seat in November .
US media was quick to projected Paul ’s victory as early results poured in from a set of key primaries .
It was called a victory for the tea parties , clamoring for a more conservative federal government and greater resistance to the Obama administration .
Specter ’s loss to former Navy man and two - term Congressman Joe Sestak was also called an affront to establishment politicians , many of whom face increased political resistance due to a widespread anti-incumbent sentiment prevalent among voters .
Sestak will face former GOP Rep .
Pat Toomey , who won the Republican nomination on Tuesday , as was widely predicted .
ADVERTISEMENT
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs had attempted to play down the importance of the primaries , which select each party ’s candidate for November , saying Obama had followed those races “ not that closely ” despite helping both campaigns .
Many in the mainstream press had played up the races , especially in Arkansas and Pennsylvania , as a real test of how influential President Obama and the tea parties really are .
President Obama did not stump for Sen. Specter .
The GOP ’s defeat in Pennsylvania spells trouble for the party , which has crowed over a series of recent polls that show their voters are more energized about the November battle for all 435 House seats , 36 of 100 Senate seats , and 37 of 50 governorships .
Recent national opinion polls have found the US public split on which party should control Congress , but just one in three respondents wants to send their lawmaker back to Washington — the worst climate for incumbents since 1994 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Paul — whose father , Republican Representative Ron Paul , ran for president in 2008 — has openly capitalized on disaffection with Washington , repeatedly urging voters to “ send some different Republicans ” to the capital .
In Arkansas , Lincoln enjoyed establishment support , an edge in polls , and a vast money advantage over Lieutenant Governor Bill Halter , whom the party ’s labor union allies support .
Lincoln had hitched her political fortunes in part to a sweeping bill to reform the rules on Wall Street , pushing for tight curbs on trades in derivatives markets , which are blamed for fueling the 2008 global economic meltdown .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
Transcript :
Poncho :
You want to " christen " that freshly - washed car ?
Bob :
It 'll be my first time !
In the eyes of pigeons , I will become a man .
But I do n't know how to fly yet , Mr. Poncho .
Will you help me ?
Poncho : Look kid , your father trusted me with your care .
I 'm responsible for you .
Bob :
And what greater responsibility could there be than helping me become a man ?
Poncho : Aim at the balloons carefully .
The gun is low on BB's .
HOUSTON — At 53 feet tall and 325 tons , the blowout preventer that occupies center stage in the worst American oil spill in two decades is a huge stack of equipment .
But it is also a jumble of contradictions .
It ’s simple : a brute monster capable of strangling a pipe , or in more desperate circumstances beheading it , to block the flow of oil and gas at enormous pressures from a formation deep underground .
But it is also complex , controlled by an elegant brain of elaborate circuits custom built from pipes , not wires , and using hydraulic fluid instead of electrons .
Most of the time the device , commonly called a B.O.P. , does little but sit on the seabed as drilling pipe and liquids travel through its main bore , which is usually about a foot and a half wide .
But in the occasional frenetic moments when the B.O.P. is called into action it must work .
Ordinarily no one ever hears about blowout preventers .
Now the world has .
Blowout preventers are essential for drilling on land or underwater , and the rig accident has prompted talk of improvements , like use of modular parts or better materials .
And the broader application of different drilling techniques may help operators become less reliant on the devices .
Haitian farmers reject Monsanto ’s seeds of destruction
Published Jun 17 , 2010 8:23 PM
Agribusiness giant Monsanto ’s profits have been slipping recently , so it saw the recent earthquake in Haiti as a chance to expand its market for the seed - fertilizer - herbicide package it sells .
Hundreds of thousands of people — no precise figures are available — fled the Haitian capital , Port - au - Prince , after the Jan. 12 earthquake to take shelter with friends and family , mainly small farmers and peasants , in rural areas of Haiti .
Farmers had a hard choice — feed their families the grain they had saved for the next planting , or see their families starve .
Now , when the time has come to plant for the next harvest , they are short of seeds .
Monsanto offered to donate 475 tons of corn seed and two tons of seeds from a variety of vegetables .
This “ gift ” was made under the framework of the WINNER project ( Watershed Initiative for National Natural Environmental Resources ) , an operation the United States Agency for International Development set up after the hurricanes in 2009 to “ improve ” the productivity of Haitian agriculture .
Monsanto denied that its corn seeds were genetically modified , claiming that they were just a hybrid produced for tropical climates .
Haiti ’s minister of agriculture said genetically modified organisms are not against the law in Haiti because the country has no laws concerning them .
Jean - Yves Urfié , a former professor of chemistry at the Collège Saint Martial in Port - au - Prince , claims that Monsanto has already distributed seeds in the Haitian areas of Gonaïves , Kenscoff , Pétionville , Cabaret , Arcahaie and Croix - des - Bouquets et Mirebalais .
He and others have pointed out that the Monsanto seeds require Monsanto herbicides and fertilizers as well as well - prepared fields .
( www.labreche.ch)
Chavannes Jean -Baptiste , the leader of the Peasant Movement of Papay ( MPP ) , told Via Campesina , “ It is a new earthquake , more dangerous in the long term than the one that took place Jan. 12 . ...
It is a strong attack against our agriculture , peasants , biodiversity and Creole seeds , which we are defending and which must remain our environment . ”
Jean - Baptiste accused the Haitian government of profiting from the earthquake to sell the country to imperialism and transnational companies .
On June 4 more than 10,000 peasants gathered in Hinche , a small city in central Haiti , and burned Monsanto seeds at a rally called by the MPP .
The Haitian Times reported that demonstrators chanted , “ Down with [ Haitian President René ] Préval ! ” “ Keep Monsanto out of Haiti ! ” and occasionally “ Down with the occupation ! ”
Monsanto made its reputation producing Agent Orange , which poisoned hundreds of thousands of people in Vietnam .
According to the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , 4.8 million Vietnamese people were exposed to Agent Orange , resulting in 400,000 deaths and disabilities and birth defects among 500,000 children .
Monsanto ’s representative in Haiti is Jean - Robert Estimé , who is also the in-country director of the WINNER project .
He was Haiti ’s foreign minister under Jean - Claude Duvalier in the 1980s , when USAID “ convinced ” the Haitian government to wipe out the Creole pigs indigenous to Haiti because they might be infected with the swine flu virus , which could spread to the U.S .
The replacement pigs from Iowa were ecologically and economically unviable — they got sunburned and required expensive feed and clean water .
According to exiled Haitian President Jean - Bertrand Aristide ’s book , “ Eyes of the Heart , ” the campaign cost Haitian peasants $ 600 million and led to a 30 percent drop in enrollment in rural schools , since parents could no longer sell pigs to pay school fees .
May 12 , 2010 --
At least 30 people in four states have been sickened by a rare , virulent strain of E. coli in pre-shredded Romaine lettuce .
Twelve of the victims have been hospitalized , three with kidney failure .
There have been no deaths to date .
Some cases may have gone unreported because many labs do not test for the E. coli strain causing the outbreak .
Michigan , Ohio , New York , and Tennessee have reported cases .
The contaminated Romaine lettuce was sold by restaurants and by grocery / deli salad bars and processed by Freshway Foods in Sidney , Ohio .
An unopened bag of Freshway shredded Romaine lettuce was found to carry the E. coli with the same genetic fingerprints as E. coli isolated from patients .
Freshway has recalled all Romaine lettuce with a use - by date of May 12 or earlier .
Freshway got the lettuce from a farm in Yuma , Ariz .
Another lettuce distributor , Vaughan Foods , has also recalled lettuce from the same farm .
However , no illnesses have yet been traced to lettuce distributed by Vaughan .
Lettuce harvested from other areas does not appear to be associated with the outbreak , the FDA investigation suggests .
The illnesses occurred between April 10 and April 26 .
Because of a lag time between the last reported illness and testing , it 's possible new illnesses may still be occurring .
People with E. coli infection usually get diarrhea and abdominal cramps for two to eight days after eating a contaminated food .
Most people recover within a week , but some cases are much more severe and last much longer .
Some people may develop a form of kidney failure called hemolytic uremic syndrome or HUS .
HUS tends to appear just as the diarrhea is getting better .
Symptoms may include fever , abdominal pain , pale skin , fatigue , irritability , decreased urine output , unexplained bruises or bleeding from the nose and mouth , and swelling of the face , hands , feet , or body .
Seek immediate medical care if these symptoms appear after several days of diarrhea .
UPDATE : IT ’S OFFICIAL , TOP KILL FAILED
The top kill effort to plug the well at the Deepwater Horizon disaster site has failed .
Never mind what BP says or the question mark on the following story .
Fact is :
Hope is dimming for the attempt by BP ( NYSE : BP ) to quickly plug the oil leak at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico through Top Kill , as BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles confirms they have n’t been able to stop the oil spill yet .
( read more )
Robert L. Cavnar says :
I ’m now hearing that BP determined the top kill failure sometime in the last 24 hours , but rather than announce it , have decided to just keep pumping until the next alternative is decided , either the LMRP ( lower marine riser cap ) cap to bring flow to the surface , or removing the LMRP and landing a new BOP on top of the failed one .
( read more )
There is something more he says :
As a side note , I do find it interesting that the BP feed no longer includes the bent riser view of the last couple of days , and now looks like the end of the riser where the riser insertion tool had been used previously .
Interesting indeed .
What ’s more , to me it looks as if the leak they are showing now is in a cavity that keeps getting deeper .
I fear there are significant geological shifts going on , too .
It can be the angle of the camera , but those pictures scare me silly .
If the ground ruptures some more there , Heaven help us .
So after the top kill the top hat is back in the equation .
That has failed already .
The only sure fire way , according to BP , is the relief drill , but that can take until August and happens to be the one solution that would keep the well available for exploitation .
I was very reluctant to believe that buying time was the real driving force behind all the “ failures ” .
I thought that was too cynical .
Not anymore .
whatever you do , do n’t call them denialists ?
Michael Fitzpatrick 's bold new idea for combatting denialism and attacks on scientific fact : pretend denialists always argue in good faith and do n't call them out on their denialism .
Last week I mentioned a special report in New Scientist magazine on science denialism featuring essays on the roots of various denialist movements and what scientists and skeptics can do to counter them .
Other than carefully omitting the media ’s role in spreading misinformation with its careless attitude towards science , it was a very reasonable set of articles which pulled few punches , with the notable exception of a short essay by Michael Fitzpatrick which balks at the very notion of using the term “ denialist ” under the red herring that a few questions about scientific findings should n’t be treated as blasphemy .
Using his logic , we could say that someone who thinks he can fly because gravity does n’t apply to him is just asking questions about the theory of gravity and that it ’s perfectly normal to ignore the advice of every competent physicist and walk off cliffs to try one ’s hand at flight .
Unlike philosophy , scientific questions often have a very clear right or wrong answer …
We ’ve been over this before with with “ science v. religion ” reporting , but even though the problem with saying that every opinion is always equal has been pointed out time and time again , the media still does it .
I have very few doubts that Fitzpatrick was trying to score points with those who equate a recitation of claims without any empirical evaluation with open - mindedness , and he probably achieved his goal .
But at the same time , he also demonstrated that he does n’t know the difference between a scientific debate and an exchange of opinions .
When debating politics , personal beliefs , and things like one ’s taste ( or lack of taste ) in art and music , there ’s usually no right or wrong answer .
But in the scientific world , what matters are the facts , not how passionately someone feels about a particular issue .
The intensity of a scientific debate is just a tiny part of what ’s really going on because the real battles take place in scientific journals , with math , experiments , and peer reviewed papers in which today ’s bleeding edge theories are dissected , tested and refined over the years .
To say that someone who has no real evidence on his side has just as valid of an opinion as a person who ’s done the research and has the facts at hand is intellectually lazy at best and irresponsible at worst .
I really do n’t care about Fitzpatrick ’s defenses of Wakefield and Duesberg and his plea for us to consider the idea that they might actually be on to something and treat them as scientists rather than cranks .
That ’s plainly ridiculous .
Duesber ’s HIV denialism is wrong and cost countless lives .
Wakefield ’s conduct was dishonest , unethical , and lead to a hysterical anti-vaccine movement that has n’t the slightest clue about medicine and tortures kids with quack cures while he and his cronies get rich off pushing junk science to scared parents .
And while countless peer - reviewed papers show that they were wrong and there really is nothing to what they have to say from a scientific standpoint , Wakefield and Duesberg wail in fake agony , continue to spread what was shown to be false for years on end , and fervently deny that anyone has proven them wrong , desperately trying to portray themselves as martyrs laid at the altar of Big Science .
How else would you call this behavior but denialism ?
When you ’re outnumbered a thousand to one by experts who put your ideas to the test again and again , and found zero evidence to support your assertions , you ca n’t just carry on as usual or pretend that you ’re infallible .
If you do , you ’re not “ asking questions about science . ”
You ’re being an obstinate , and possibly very dangerous crank who places his self - esteem above scientific facts .
Likewise , if you ’re a reporter who thinks you ’re just so amazing , fair , and insightful because you fell for the old crank charm of the Galileo gambit , you may want to get your head out of the clouds and take a good long look in the mirror because you ’re being used by someone who ’s trying sell you the equivalent of a self - published math book which says that 2 + 2 = 5 and Big Math agents are trying to keep this fact secret with their 2 + 2 = 4 dogma your interviewee just wanted to question .
And not only are you saying that there might be something to all this , but you ’re going up to bat for someone who thinks he ’s smarter than the rest of the world and breaks out the martyr act should you dare question his proclamations .
Still feeling smart and insightful Mr. Reporter , or should we start breaking out the science books and calling up real experts to comment on the subject ?
Whether you ’re an active or aspiring iPhone or iPad developer , you ’ll really appreciate these nice PSD files from design agency Teehan + Lax .
They contain well organized layered images of essential GUI elements of the iPhone OS , sized accordingly to the iPad and iPhone ( depending on which PSD file you get , of course ) .
Using these documents with Photoshop you can just open one of the PSD ’s and arrange elements around to make a quick GUI mockup for your app idea .
There ’s also an Adobe Illustrator sketch file for iPhone elements if Photoshop is n’t your thing .
I ’d highly recommend downloading all three of these files , they really help to quickly create layouts and mockups for iPhone and iPad app GUI ’s .
The SDK ’s Interface Builder app may be foreign to you or your GUI designer , but these files will be a lot closer to the typical Adobe comfort zone .
Download iPad GUI PSD now
Download iPhone GUI PSD now
Download iPhone Sketch Elements AI now
And if you ’re a iPhone OS developer , do n’t forget to check out Apple ’s official Human Interface Guidelines and Teehan +
Lax ’s blog either .
Image caption Hurricane
Ike left a trail of destruction in the Carribean in 2008
As many as 14 hurricanes could hit the Atlantic basin this year , the top US climate agency says .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) forecasts 14 to 23 named storms .
Eight to 14 of these could develop into hurricanes , it says .
The season could be one of the most active on record , with between three to seven major hurricanes , the NOAA said .
" In short , we urge everyone to be prepared , " added a spokesperson for the agency said .
Major hurricanes can reach category three or higher , which means they bring sustained winds of at least 111mph ( 178 km / h ) .
The NOAA says the seasonal forecasts have a 70 % probability .
The hurricane season begins on 1 June and runs until the end of November .
BP is using a " top kill " procedure to stop the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
But what exactly is " top kill " ?
One way to think about " top kill " is to imagine something sitting on a spring .
Put a heavy enough weight down on the spring and it will be squashed down .
But put something on that 's too light and the object will be thrown off .
In this case , the " spring " is oil and gas coming out of the reservoir , beneath the sea , at the site of the well drilled by the Deepwater Horizon and at pressures exceeding 5,000 lb ( 2,268kg ) per square inch .
THE PROCEDURE
Drilling mud pumped from surface
Goes into blowout preventer
If pressure and density sufficient , oil and gas flow stopped
Well then filled with cement
The " top kill " operation involves pumping " heavyweight drilling mud " from a number of ships through the command vessel on the surface , the Q4000 .
The mud has been pumped down a " drill pipe " from the Q4000 and into a manifold - a unit with converging pipes - on the sea bed .
From there it has been primarily pumped into the kill and choke pipes that connect to the blowout preventer - the unit that sits on top of the oil well .
If the density of the mud - and the pressure of the pumping - is right , it will pass through the blowout preventer and then inside the top of the well and with its downward pressure will stop the flow of oil and gas gushing from the reservoir beneath .
Permanent seal
" It is like two forces fighting with each other .
If the force downwards exceeds the force upwards , you are going to succeed , " said Iraj Ershaghi , director of the petroleum engineering programme at the University of Southern California .
If this has happened , the well is " killed " .
The leak will be completely stopped , but this will only be a prelude to a permanent seal using cement .
When you have 5,000 barrels of fluid coming , the camera cannot see Prof Iraj Ershaghi , University of Southern California
The procedure has been carried out many times around the world but , as BP admits , never at anything approaching this depth .
In 50ft of water , divers would be doing much of the complicated work of checking pipes and connections .
But all the work on the Deepwater Horizon 's well is being carried out by Remote - operated Vehicles ( ROVs ) , making everything much more difficult .
And there could be a major difficulty , said Prof Ershaghi .
The assumption behind the " top kill " plan is that the leakage is all coming out of the riser connected to the top of the blowout preventer .
" If this was not the case , such as if there are leaks around the conductor casing , or if the intermediate casing strings are not cemented in place adequately , a burst of a certain portion of the casing could occur and the ' top kill ' may fail , " said Prof Ershaghi , who spent the early years of his career as an engineer in the Bahregansar oil field in the Middle East .
" Some of us suspect that the problem is more serious than simply a kill operation . "
Further danger
The well itself has been drilled into a geological formation .
Inside the " hole " there is a steel casing , and the gap between the casing and the formation - the annulus - is filled with cement .
If the cement job is not adequate , leaks can occur behind the casing and oil and gas can find their way to the sea floor , or can also cause a collapse of unprotected parts of the casing at shallower depths .
If that cement has leaks , then oil and gas could be escaping into the water to the side of the blowout preventer , said Prof Ershaghi .
GLOSSARY Barrel : 42 US gallons or 159 litres
Drilling mud : Dense liquid used in drilling
Riser : Steel pipe coming out of blowout preventer
Blowout preventer : Device that sits on top of well with valves to stop flow
Casing : Steel sheath inside drilled well
It would not be easy to see if this was happening , he explained .
" When you have 5,000 barrels ( 795,000 litres ) of fluid coming per day , you need better ROV camera shots otherwise you cannot pinpoint the sources of leaks . "
Even if BP 's experts are right and all of the oil is coming through the blowout preventer , the " top kill " could still fail .
It could even start increasing the leakage of oil , by as much as 5 - 15 % , if the high density mud ends up bursting segments of the casing .
For some engineers , it is simply impossible to speculate on the chances of success .
" I would hate to venture a guess , " said Lloyd Heinze , professor of petroleum engineering at Texas Tech University .
" [ It is ] a procedure described in training scenarios … [ an ] established procedure , not well - known , not the ideal way of trying to kill a well because it is not an easy way to do it . "
But he said only BP would know the chances of success , as engineers around the world would not know the calculations the firm 's experts had undertaken .
If the " top kill " fails , BP will then move on to other plans .
It has prepared something called a lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) .
This device would sit on top of the blowout preventer .
But every engineer involved will be crossing their fingers that the " top kill " works , and makes engineering history
Several weeks ago the redoubtable Charles Schumer of New York announced the Yahweh himself had anointed him Israel ’s defender in the US Senate .
In a radio interview Schumer explained " You know , my name …. comes from the word shomer , guardian , watcher .
My ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in Chortkov .
And I believe Hashem ( God ) actually gave me that name .
One of my roles , very important in the United States senate , is to be a shomer — to be the shomer Yisrael .
And I will continue to be that with every bone in my body … "
Schumer ’s very interesting comments , suggesting that he has a rather narrow view of his responsibility to represent all the people of New York State , were not reported anywhere in the mainstream media .
It was apparently not considered newsworthy that a Senator from the Empire State had pledged love and loyalty to a foreign country .
Schumer ’s affections are particularly noteworthy as he is being spoken of as the next Senate Majority leader if Harry Reid takes a well deserved fall in the midterm elections .
Schumer is , of course , not alone in his sentiments .
His colleague from New Jersey Frank Lautenberg , who has traveled to Israel more than 80 times , has also been called Israel ’s Senator , though perhaps it should be one of Israel ’s Senators as there are clearly multiple candidates .
Who could exclude Joe Lieberman of Connecticut ?
If one includes only Schumer , Lieberman , and Lautenberg Israel still has more senators representing its interests than any state in the union .
Both Joe Biden and Sarah Palin effused about their love for Israel during their vice presidential debate in 2008 .
Many lower house federal legislators could rightly be termed Congressmen from Israel , including Howard Berman , Eric Cantor , Jerrold Nadler , Anthony Weiner , Shelley Berkley , and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen .
Eliot Engel recently described Israel as the " best ally the United States has in the Middle East , but I would argue the best ally in the world " … adding that if the US pressures Israel " you ’re going to hear it from me . "
Congresswoman Jane Harman actually agreed to help an Israeli intelligence officer by using her influence to derail the trial of two American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) officials .
Harman is still sitting in her plush office on Capitol Hill instead of in jail , where she belongs .
But there is another category of Israel firster that differs from the homegrown variety .
Has anyone wondered at the large number of foreigners who have somehow made their way into Washington ’s think tank and media punditry industry ?
They are found most commonly at places like the Foundation for the Defense of Democracy , the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , the Hudson Institute , the Heritage Foundation , the Saban Center at Brookings , and , of course at the AIPAC - founded Washington Institute for Near Eastern Policy ( WINEP ) .
They come from Australia , Europe , and Israel itself but the one thing they all have in common is that they , like Schumer , love and protect Israel .
If one were suspicious , it might be possible to wonder whether there is some kind of mechanism operating whereby advocates of Israel are hand - picked and godfathered through the system .
With unusual persistence and a high level of resiliency , many of them eventually become the dominant voices at the various think tanks so that eventually no dissenting opinions are allowed .
Hollywood billionaire Haim Saban ’s money has turned the once moderate Brookings into an Israeli mouthpiece while AEI and Heritage , which used to be traditionally conservative bastions , have now become home bases for the neocon foreign policy .
A list of the prominent foreigners who attempt to shape opinion in the United States ought to begin with one of the better known , Martin Indyk .
Indyk ’s trajectory would appear to be fiction , but it is , alas , true .
He was born in London and educated in Australia .
After a stint working for the Likud Party in Tel Aviv , he came to the United States in 1982 and settled in as a lobbyist for Israel .
He became head of WINEP in 1985 and was increasingly identified advising leading Democratic politicians .
The payback came when George H. W. Bush refused Israeli loan guarantees in 1992 and lost the presidential election .
Bill Clinton ’s narrow victory was by many attributed to the help he received from the Israel Lobby and its media friends .
When the new administration moved in it was time to reward Indyk .
Clinton agreed to place him on the National Security Council with the Middle East portfolio with the understanding he would be fast tracked as US Ambassador to Israel .
But there was only one problem : Indyk was not an American citizen .
The White House had Indyk nationalized by act of Congress in 1993 so the appointment could be made .
While in Israel as US Ambassador , Indyk was regarded as extremely close to the Israeli government .
So close that he apparently forgot whom he worked for .
In September 2000 he was detected sharing classified information with Israeli government officials and his clearance was suspended , very unusual for an ambassador .
Indyk is now Director of the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at Brookings and appears frequently in the media discussing the Middle East .
Ilan Berman is another media fixture who is promoted as an expert on Iran and , per his official bio , " an expert on regional security in the Middle East . "
Berman is a Vice President of the American Foreign Policy Council , a neocon affiliated group that has run television ads promoting taking a hard line with Iran .
Berman ’s has written Tehran Rising : Iran ’s Challenge to the United States and his latest work is Winning the Long War : Retaking the Offensive Against Radical Islam .
Berman ’s bio does not indicate where he was born or provide details of his education , but he would appear to be an Israeli and his actual knowledge of either Iran or of " Radical Islam " might well be derivative .
He is a member of the Ariel Center , a Likud - oriented think tank in Israel , which is partially funded by California bingo magnate Irving Moskowitz .
Danielle Pletka , born in Australia , is Vice President for Foreign and Defense Policies at the neocon American Enterprise Institute .
Andrew Sullivan , who once worked for her , has described the integrity of her scholarship in an article she wrote urging Washington to tighten the screws on Iran : " The form is set by the neoconservative agenda and she mobilizes a narrative that fills in the blanks to serve that agenda .
Unwilling if not incapable of producing an article any other way , she is more than content to reverse engineer her position …
Her final statement is telling .
‘… Iran neither needs nor wants accommodation with the West , ’ and it is clear to me this would have been her conclusion regardless of what the preceding 800 words had been . "
Pletka supported the Iraq war , was a leading cheerleader for Ahmed Chalabi , believes in torture , and wants to go to war with Iran .
And then there is Itamar Marcus of Palestinian Media Watch .
Itamar resides in Israel but is frequently in the United States advising Americans on what they should think about Palestinians .
Wikipedia reports this concerning him : " In February 2007 together with Sen. Hillary Clinton he released a report on the newest PA schoolbooks at a press conference in Washington .
Marcus testified before the Education Subcommittee of the US Senate Committee on Allocations , documenting the Palestinian Authority ’s indoctrination of children to seek death as Shahids – Martyrs – for public relations purposes . "
Marcus is a featured source for the documentary Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West .
Some might recall that Obsession was a neocon DVD production mailed free to millions of Americans shortly before the 2008 election by an organization calling itself the Endowment for Middle East Truth .
Good things can sometimes come in pairs as in the case of the Wurmsers .
Meyrav was born in Israel and her husband David was born in Switzerland .
David was most recently the Middle East adviser to Dick Cheney and he also worked for John Bolton and Doug Feith .
He was one of the authors of " A Clean Break , " a strategy document provided in 1996 to then and current Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu .
Wurmser advocated preemptive strikes against Iran and Syria and abandonment of land for peace deals with the Palestinians .
He also supports US military action against Tehran and Damascus .
In 2004 he was interviewed by the FBI regarding the passage of classified intelligence to Ahmed Chalabi and also to AIPAC .
David ’s wife Meyrav was a co-author of " A Clean Break " and founder of Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) , which assiduously translates all of the " particularly virulent and anti-US and anti-Israel articles " that it can find in the Arabic press .
MEMRI is widely regarded as a front for Israeli intelligence .
Meyrav is currently Director of the Center for Middle East Policy for the Hudson Institute and is a contributing expert at the Ariel Center .
The list goes on and on .
There are the Canadians Anne Bayefsky of the Hudson Institute , who called US protests over the decision to announce 1600 new Jewish homes on the West Bank during Vice - President ’s Biden ’s visit " hysterical " , and David Frum , who allegedly coined the phrase " axis of evil " and is now advancing the new Israeli argument that peace talks with the Palestinians are irrelevant .
Other prominent Israelis include Yossef Bodansky , author of The High Cost of Peace : How Washington ’s Middle East Policy Left America Vulnerable to Terrorism ; Yigal Carmon , a colonel in Israeli intelligence and a co-founder of MEMRI ; and Rachel Ehrenfeld , author of Funding Evil , who has testified in Europe and the US that the Palestinian Authority uses its money to subsidize terrorism .
Peruvian - born Eleana Benador has been referred to as a " theatrical agent " for a long string of neocons , arranging their generously remunerated speeches and public appearances .
Iraqi - born Rita Katz of SITE has turned monitoring of what she describes as Jihadi websites into a big business , though some believe she has hyped the threat .
And there are many more foreign - born neoconservatives at American universities , institutes , and even in government , all helping each other to obtain positions , favorably review each others books , and assiduously move up the ladder .
Most of them connect through associations like the Ariel Center , JINSA , AIPAC , WINEP , the Committee on the Present Danger , Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , the Hudson Institute , and AEI .
An astonishing number of them wind up at the National Defense University .
Curiously , for many of them it is not altogether clear what their qualifications are to discuss the Middle East as " experts . "
How many actually speak Arabic and Farsi or have lived in the countries or among the people that they regularly excoriate ?
Are these people dangerous ?
Well , maybe .
Many foreigners have come to the United States to make their fortunes and there is nothing wrong with that .
But , in this case , there would appear to be a certain unanimity of viewpoint and a marching in lock step that is just a tad disconcerting , particularly as it has helped shape the foreign policy narrative .
There is no deviation from hard right Likud positions , never any criticism of Israel , and always complete agreement on the need to confront Iran militarily .
One might reasonably ask to what extent it is a coordinated effort to steer Washington in a certain direction , not unlike the neocons in the Pentagon under President George W. Bush .
In any event , the presence of so many self - styled agenda - driven " experts " possessing regular media access raises questions about the objectivity of the policy - making process in Washington .
If you seed enough partisans into the system and they are all singing the same tune that is then played and replayed in the media even a whole parcel of lies can eventually seem to be the truth .
I have just published a report by three statistics wizards showing , quite convincingly , that the weekly Research 2000 State of the Nation poll we ran the past year and a half was likely bunk .
Since the moment Mark Grebner , Michael Weissman , and Jonathan Weissman approached me , I took their concerns seriously and cooperated fully with their investigation .
I also offered to run the results on Daily Kos provided that they 1 ) fully documented each claim in detail , 2 ) got that documentation peer reviewed by disinterested third parties , and 3 ) gave Research 2000 an opportunity to respond .
By the end of last week , they had accomplished the first two items on that list .
I held publication of the report until today , because I did n't want to partake in a cliche Friday Bad News Dump .
This is serious business , and I was n't going to bury it over a weekend .
We contracted with Research 2000 to conduct polling and to provide us with the results of their surveys .
Based on the report of the statisticians , it 's clear that we did not get what we paid for .
We were defrauded by Research 2000 , and while we do n't know if some or all of the data was fabricated or manipulated beyond recognition , we know we can't trust it .
Meanwhile , Research 2000 has refused to offer any explanation .
Early in this process , I asked for and they offered to provide us with their raw data for independent analysis -- which could potentially exculpate them .
That was two weeks ago , and despite repeated promises to provide us that data , Research 2000 ultimately refused to do so .
At one point , they claimed they could n't deliver them because their computers were down and they had to work out of a Kinkos office .
Research 2000 was delivered a copy of the report early Monday morning , and though they quickly responded and promised a full response , once again the authors of the report heard nothing more .
While the investigation did n't look at all of Research 2000 polling conducted for us , fact is I no longer have any confidence in any of it , and neither should anyone else .
I ask that all poll tracking sites remove any Research 2000 polls commissioned by us from their databases .
I hereby renounce any post we 've written based exclusively on Research 2000 polling .
I want to feel stupid for being defrauded , but fact is Research 2000 had a good reputation in political circles .
Among its clients the last two years have been KCCI - TV in Iowa , WCAX - TV in Vermont , WISC - TV in Wisconsin , WKYT - TV in Kentucky , Lee Enterprises , the Concord Monitor , The Florida Times - Union , WSBT -TV / WISH -TV / WANE - TV in Indiana , the St. Louis Post - Dispatch , the Bergen Record , and the Reno Gazette - Journal .
In fact , just last week , in an email debate about robo- pollsters , I had a senior editor at a top DC - based political publication tell me that he'd " obviously " trust Research 2000 more than any automated pollsters , such as SurveyUSA .
I did n't trust Research 2000 more than I trusted SUSA ( given their solid track record ) , but I did trust them .
I got burned , and got burned bad .
I can't express enough my gratitude to Mark , Michael , and Jonathan for helping bring this to light .
Sure , our friends on the Right will get to take some cheap shots , and they should take advantage of the opportunity .
But ultimately , this episode validates the reason why we released the internal numbers from Research 2000 -- and why every media outlet should do the same from their pollster ; without full transparency of results , this fraud would not have been uncovered .
As difficult as it has been to learn that we were victims of that fraud , our commitment to accuracy and the truth is far more important than shielding ourselves from cheap shots from the Right .
Soon , we 'll have a new pollster ( or pollsters ) to work with , helping us to fulfill our vision of surveying races and issues that are often overlooked by the traditional media and polling outfits .
As for Research 2000 , the lawyers will soon take over , as Daily Kos will be filing suit within the next day or two .
When it came to filing systems , I was a complete newbie !
I decided to do something about it and realized I did n’t even know what to look for if I had to shop for my filing needs !
If you are like me , this primer will be of great help .
There are so many options out there , it is easy to pick the wrong accessory .
I ’m not going to cover everything , just the basics to get you started .
This primer is more about filing hardware rather than a filing methodology .
A Filing System In A Nutshell
I always like to get an overall picture before I drill down to individual components .
So what does a filing system contain ?
Documents that need to be filed are first separated according to some classification .
They are then placed in what ’s called as Manila folders .
A bunch of these Manila folders are placed in a hanging folder and a filing container like a filing cabinet holds these hanging folders .
This forms the basis of a filing system .
Within these , there are a whole bunch of options for you to choose from .
Let ’s look at the most common ones .
1. Document File Sizes
There are two standard file sizes you should know about – Legal and Letter .
Letter is the most common one and that ’s what you should be looking for .
Most of your mail is of this type .
Most office supplies stores will have different sections for Legal and Letter types .
They are not compatible , so pick carefully .
Letter size is : 8 ½ x 11 inches .
Legal Size is : 8 ½ × 14 inches .
2. File Holder
You can store your files in various containers .
The width is always the same size ( letter or legal ) , the depth could vary depending upon the number of files it can hold .
A filing container has rails or grooves on the sides to hold hanging folders .
The most common ones are :
1. Filing Boxes
2. Filing Safes
3. Desktop File Holders
4. Filing Cabinets
Filing Boxes
These are plain cardboard or plastic boxes with a lid that can hold folders .
These are for the most frugal !
Filing Safes
Safes are strong and sturdy and come with a regular or combination lock .
Not all are fire safe , check before purchasing .
This is a overkill for a house filing system , but maybe useful in a home office scenario .
Desktop File Holders
These are convenient and great space savers .
Obviously do n’t use these to file ‘ forever ’ documents like titles or house deeds .
Great to file away everyday mail .
Filing Cabinets
You could either purchase these separately or this could be a part of a workstation .
These come with grooves or metal bars on the inside to hold hanging folders .
3. Hanging Folders
Hanging Folders are basically a stiff card folded in half with hooks on each of the 4 edges .
The hooks go on the railings in a file holder .
File folders containing your documents are placed within hanging folders .
Each hanging folder can contain one or more file folders .
4. Manila File Folders
File Folders , also known as manila folders , is a open sleeve to hold your documents .
You club these folders based on some classification ( alphabetic , by day of month or subject ) and place it into the hanging folder .
5. Hanging File Folder Tabs And Inserts
Each hanging folder can be labeled for easy retrieval of documents .
Labels can be attached at different points along the length of the hanging folder for easy access .
You use the blank insert to label your folder , place it in the insert and attach it to the hanging folder .
This pretty much forms the basis of a simple filing system .
There are clever variations within these – for example , you can get file folders with hooks , eliminating the need for hanging folders !
Or an accordian style hanging file folder which is quite useful since very often one tends to shove Manila folders between hanging folders !
In my next post I ’ll share with you how I went from this — –> to — –> this
Happy filing !
Feature Overview
LittleSis features interlinked profiles of powerful individuals and organizations in the public and private sectors .
Profiles detail a wealth of information vital to any investigation of the ways power and money guide the formulation of public policy , from board memberships to campaign contributions , old school ties to government contracts .
The site currently offers profiles of over 185,000 people and 67,000 organizations in varying stages of completion .
These include , but are not limited to :
Politicians : members of Congress since 1979 , governors since 1974 , Bush and Obama administration officials .
Business people : Fortune 1000 executives and directors , members of the Forbes 400 .
Lobbyists who have lobbied on behalf of Fortune 1000 companies .
Government bodies : US House & Senate ; agencies ranging from the Department of Defense to the IRS .
Businesses : Fortune 1000 companies , lobbying firms , top law firms , and other private companies .
Non-profits such as foundations , think tanks , and political organizations .
Relationships
LittleSis offers some data about these people and organizations themselves , but it 's focus is on the relationships between them .
There are currently 1174041 relationships linking entities profiled in the database .
The word " relationship " is broadly defined , and can include :
Organizational affiliations : employment , directorships , memberships .
Donations : political contributions , grants .
Social : family ties , mentorships , friendships .
Professional : partnerships , supervisory relationships .
Services / contracts : legal representation , government contracts , lobbying services .
Our focus on relationships distinguishes LittleSis from other important research websites that emphasize biographical narrative and history of abuses in their profiles of powerful people , making it a more powerful and flexible platform for exploring and analyzing social networks .
For example , Exxon Mobil 's Wikipedia page can offer a strong narrative account of the company , but is n't well - equipped to track historical information on the executives and directors of the corporation , the boards they sit on , and the politicians they support .
Moreover , LittleSis 's data model minimizes bias and maximizes its reusability by other projects like mashups and network visualizations .
Moreover , relationships can be easily aggregated to reveal patterns , saving users the manual tabulation .
For example , LittleSis automatically shows which organizations are linked through common personnel , and which people donate to the same set of political candidates .
Wiki Features
Our data derives from government filings , news articles , and other reputable sources .
Some data sets are updated automatically ; the rest is filled in by our user community .
Making edits on LittleSis is more like adding friends on Facebook than modifying a Wikipedia page .
The editing process mostly consists of adding relationships between people and groups .
Users do n't have to be great writers or learn a special formatting language in order to contribute quality information to LittleSis .
We have made accuracy a major priority for LittleSis ; LittleSis implements stricter editing controls than typical wikis .
Editors – called " analysts " on LittleSis – must provide a reference link for every update they make , and links must point to authoritative sources .
This requirement not only ensures credible data , but also provides researchers with valuable links to further information .
Unlike Wikipedia , editors have to sign in to make edits .
Registered users can choose to keep their real name hidden , but are still accountable to the community : all modifications to data are logged , so users that make inaccurate or malicious edits can lose editing privileges .
Currently , LittleSis staff members enforce these standards , though the user community will eventually be self - policing .
Data Sources
Much of our data derives from government records and other free services that collect them .
Today , EPIC and 14 privacy and consumer protection organizations filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission , charging that Facebook has engaged in unfair and deceptive trade practices in violation of consumer protection law .
The complaint states that changes to user profile information and the disclosure of user data to third parties without consent " violate user expectations , diminish user privacy , and contradict Facebook ’s own representations . "
The complaint also cites widespread opposition from Facebook users , Senators , bloggers , and news organizations .
In a letter to Congress , EPIC urged the Senate and House Committees with jurisdiction over the FTC to monitor closely the Commission 's investigation .
The letter noted the FTC 's failure to act on several pending consumer privacy complaints .
For more information , see EPIC : Facebook Privacy .
New York ’s billionaire mayor Michael Bloomberg threw down the gauntlet to Silicon Valley on Tuesday in a bid to attract the next generation of technology startups to the Big Apple , listing a number of ways in which New York ranks superior — everything from IT and advertising to fashion and culture .
His message , delivered in a surprise address at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in Manhattan , was clear : Technologists , entrepreneurs and software developers should navigate to New York rather than Silicon Valley or Boston if they want to be where the action is in the years to come , because this is where “ the best and brightest … exchange and cross- pollinate ideas ” in a culturally and intellectually fertile environment where “ intellectual capital is important , ” big business thrives , and startups are on the rise .
“ In media , advertising and information technology , I really do think that New York is No. 1 , ” said Bloomberg :
“ We already have more information and media jobs in New York City — 315,000 and counting — than any other metropolitan area in the nation .
And during the first quarter of this year , venture capital funding in New York increased by 19 percent , even as it went down in Silicon Valley and the rest of the nation .
That ’s true .
This is where it ’s happening . ”
Indeed , New York tech startups have bloomed in this burg over the past year or so , possibly to some small extent because software developers who may have devised financial formulas in years past are looking for something else to do with their number - crunching , algorithm - cranking abilities .
In addition , people themselves move from city to city , and ideas born in Silicon Valley have spread over the internet itself .
Some of the hottest startups are now in New York City , including location - aware startup Foursquare , ( even if its prospects of being snapped up by Yahoo seem to have fallen through in light of Yahoo ’s recent acquisition of Koprol . )
Still , many of the last start - ups to make it big — Facebook , Twitter and Salesforce , to name a few — did so out west .
“ While I do n’t know who ’s going to create the next big thing in technology , we do know where Bloomberg LP or the next Twitter needs to be headquartered , and that is here , ” he counters .
“ If you want to compete in the big pond , if you want to have a breadth of cultural opportunities and be able to interface with others of the best and the brightest , this is the place to come . ”
Alongside most other cities facing a changing worldwide economy , New York is desperate to attract startups that have traditionally been founded in Silicon Valley .
Startups are the future now , just as they were back when today ’s behemoths were just ideas in a garage .
Microsoft , Google , Reuters each have thousands of employees here , but the Big Apple needs more entrepreneurs and geeks , said the mayor , considering Wall Street ’s tailspin 20 months ago .
New York is “ where it ’s happening ” in information technology and bio-science , said Bloomberg .
To help firms sprout and flourish in New York ’s crowded environment , the city offers loans ( especially helpful given today ’s banking landscape ) and has launched incubators for technologists and freelancers , 10 of whom have since received more than $ 8 million in venture capital funding , according to the mayor .
And in an unusual move , the City invested $ 3 million over a year ago in an early - stage investment fund — “ the first of its kind outside Silicon Valley ” — that snared an additional $ 19 million from First Mark Capital .
Bloomberg rattled off a few more achievements , like the city ’s first investment in a mobile app : city guide MyCityWay , winner of a $ 300,000 NYC Big Apps contest that encouraged startups to use public data from 30 local - government data feeds .
That firm ’s NYCWay app in turn houses a wide array of other apps for finding show tickets , jobs , traffic cameras , hotels , citizen reporting , real estate and so on .
News also surfaced that New York plans to partner with “ a major university ” for a media lab set to launch later this year , along the same lines of those already in place at Stanford and MIT .
Finally , the city itself has 3,000 employees and a $ 64 billion budget , which the mayor hopes “ the best and the brightest ” see as another employment option .
On a couple of occasions , he recalled his own past — founding Bloomberg LP after being fired from a Wall Street job — as a model for others .
Between that and his list of superlatives about the city , he also showed that the city might have the country ’s proudest or most boastful mayor , regardless of whatever advantages might exist here for startups .
Local business and real estate are up , boasted the mayor , and New York is the safest big city in the country , “ where it ’s happening ” in information technology and bioscience , the country ’s new top tourist destination , and “ the capital of the world ” in fashion , finance and media .
It also has one heck of a salesman in charge .
Or as they call them in the Valley , evangelist .
Top photo : New York City skyline
hyunlab</ flickr / Creative Commons
Front page photo : Flickr / Kyle McDane
See Also :
Drill ban could rattle Fla .
Senate race
A group of Florida Democratic legislators are expected to ask Gov. Charlie Crist to call a special session to take up a constitutional amendment banning drilling near the state ’s shoreline , POLITICO has learned .
Details of the proposed amendment are still being worked out , but press conferences are scheduled in Miami and St. Petersburg Thursday to kick off what ’s expected to be a high - profile anti-drilling campaign in the wake of a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Advertisement
The issue will immediately place Crist and his two Senate race rivals — likely Republican nominee Marco Rubio and front - running Democratic Rep. Kendrick Meek — in the middle of a contentious debate over the environmental risks and economic rewards of offshore drilling .
State Sen. Dan Gelber of Miami Beach , who is helping spearhead the effort , has already asked Crist to bring lawmakers back to Tallahassee — Florida ’s regular 60 - day legislative session ended Friday — to address the issue of public corruption .
But in the wake of the devastating oil spill that ’s stained nearly 2,000 square miles of Gulf waters , he said the pitfalls of drilling have never been clearer .
“ There has been an unconstrained desire to deliver near - shore drilling to Florida , and it ’s happened now for the last two legislative sessions , ” Gelber said , explaining the need for an amendment .
“ Near - shore drilling should be in our rearview mirror . ”
Tom Eldon , a Democratic pollster who has been helping to craft the amendment , said the first step is to ask lawmakers to vote to place a proposed constitutional amendment on the November ballot .
If that effort fails , a coalition is prepared to attempt to acquire the necessary signatures to put the question directly to voters .
“ We want to see the legislature stand up and cast votes .
We will get the signatures , so they ’re going to have to face it one way or the other , ” Eldon said .
The proposed amendment is expected to focus on banning drilling between three and 10 miles off Florida ’s shoreline .
Eldon said he ’s hopeful Crist , who abandoned the Republican Party last week to run as an independent , will be receptive to the measure .
“ I think Crist will be very responsive to it .
I know people close to the issue have been talking to him about it .
Given his situation , I do n’t think he ’s going to obstruct out of party loyalty , ” said Eldon .
Gelber said the ballot push will put every politician running for office on the hot seat .
“ Anyone who ’s running for office in Florida is going to have to explain their previous position and their new position .
I suspect after viewing the swath of the spill , that [ Crist ] will be against near - shore drilling , and my hope is he becomes inalterably against offshore drilling , ” he said .
“ You ’re already seeing people moderate their language a bit . ”
Rubio has been measured in his response to the oil spill , pinning the blame on oil giant BP and sidestepping questions about the Obama administration ’s performance .
In Washington Tuesday , Rubio said while the spill raised questions about overall U.S. energy policy , “ there is going to be drilling off the coast of the United States . ”
Meek , joined Sen. Bill Nelson , to introduce legislation Wednesday that would place a moratorium on new drilling along the Gulf Coast and Atlantic seaboard .
“ It ’s time to put an end to any and every misguided attempt to drill offshore and put Florida ’s coasts and economy at risk .
Any effort to revive offshore drilling needs to be stopped dead in its tracks , ” Meek said in a statement .
The bill would not shut down current platforms producing oil but would ban testing in new areas and additional drilling in existing areas .
A spokesman for the governor said Wednesday Crist has n’t committed to a special session .
“ We have not had any discussions with legislative leadership about calling a special session to ban oil drilling , and the governor has not indicated he would call for one , ” said Sterling Ivey .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - World governments have failed to meet a 2010 target to halt biodiversity loss and action must be taken to preserve the species and ecosystems upon which human life depends , a United Nations report said on Monday .
In a move endorsed by the U.N. General Assembly , more than 190 countries committed in 2002 to achieve a significant reduction in the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 .
But the report said : “ There are multiple indications of continuing decline in biodiversity in all three of its main components -- genes , species and ecosystems . ”
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said : “ The consequences of this collective failure , if it is not quickly corrected , will be severe for us all . ”
Natural habitats in most parts of the world are shrinking and nearly a quarter of plant species are estimated to be threatened with extinction , said the Global Biodiversity Outlook - 3 report .
The abundance of vertebrate species fell by nearly a third between 1970 and 2006 and crop and livestock genetic diversity is declining in farming .
“ Biodiversity underpins the functioning of the ecosystems on which we depend for food and fresh water ... Current trends are bringing us closer to a number of potential tipping points that would catastrophically reduce the capacity of ecosystems to provide these essential services , ” said Ban .
The report said there had been significant progress in slowing the rate of loss for tropical forests and mangroves in some regions .
But freshwater wetlands , sea ice habitats , salt marshes and coral reefs all show serious decline .
FOOD , WATER , MEDICINE
“ Business as usual is no longer an option if we are to avoid irreversible damage to the life - support systems of our planet , ” said Ahmed Djoghlaf , Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity .
The report said climate change , pollution , habitat change , overexploitation and invasive alien species were the five main drivers of biodiversity loss and warned the provision of food , medicine , fresh water and crop pollination could be at risk .
The report , based on the work of 110 national reports , also highlighted areas where the 2010 target had prompted action .
It said more protected areas on land and in coastal waters had been created and conservation efforts had targeted some species .
At least 31 bird species would have become extinct in the past century without them .
Some 170 countries now had national action plans .
“ This suggests that with adequate resources and political will , the tools exist for loss of biodiversity to be reduced at wider scales , ” it said .
An international meeting in Nagoya , Japan , in October will consider goals for the next decade .
The U.N. Environment Programme said a lack of economic value attached to the multi-trillion - dollar benefits provided by ecosystems had contributed to the loss of biodiversity .
It said restructuring of the global economy after the financial crisis provided an opportunity to introduce regulation and market incentives to help stem the losses .
( Editing by Angus MacSwan )
Who says Jewish humor has disappeared from Israel ?
Who says that even the state 's shadowiest organizations do n't enjoy occasional moments of levity , in between carrying out assassinations and foiling conspiracies ?
Israel 's ongoing fascistization , isolation , nationalism and militarism do n't make for much comic relief .
So listen to what Barak Ravid reported in Haaretz on Thursday .
A Spanish clown - it sounds like the start of a joke - lands in Israel .
Not just any clown , but Spain 's greatest , Ivan Prado .
He expected to sail through passport control - a Spanish citizen , even a clown , needs no security authorization to enter the democratic State of Israel - claim his bags of tricks and continue to Ramallah .
He had planned , this joker , to establish an international clown festival in Ramallah , of all places .
It was the mistake of a lifetime , a truly mad idea .
First , what use do the Palestinians have for clowns from other countries ?
They have quite enough of their own , thank you .
Anyway , what do they have to laugh about in Ramallah ?
In the blink of an eye one of the Shin Bet 's finest appeared , a true guardian of Israel , to take this jester in for questioning about his links to " terror groups . "
Prado , silly clown that he is , refused to answer .
The Shin Bet agent ( a clown of lesser renown ) apparently believed he had been chosen to save the day .
To make a long story short , after six hours of waiting miserably at Ben-Gurion International Airport Prado was informed by an Interior Ministry official , " You 're being expelled .
Get on the first flight to Madrid , where there 's room for jokers like you . "
With that , Prado transmogrified into a prophet of the apocalypse .
After landing in Spain he began denouncing Israel to the local press , comparing the Palestinians ' plight with that of the Jews in wartime Poland .
Just what we need , more Polish jokes .
The Israeli embassy in Madrid sent an urgent communique to Jerusalem : asking " What did you do ? "
The Foreign Ministry replied curtly , " security reasons . "
Rage spread through the embassy , which sought a more substantive response with which to counter questions from the Spanish media , sure that a clown 's deportation for " security reasons " must be some kind of joke .
But the Shin Bet security service and the Defense Ministry did not bother to reply .
" The man declined to provide complete information to the security people , especially in regard to his links with Palestinian terror organizations , " the Shin Bet told Haaretz in response to a request .
A textual interpretation : Prado , as understood by the omniscient Shin Bet , clearly has links with terror groups , otherwise he would n't want to establish a clown festival in Ramallah .
Worse , he refused to speak about those links .
Which " terror groups " ?
Islamic Jihad or the Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades perhaps ?
Al - Qaida ?
Iran 's Quds Force ?
What links ?
Was the clown considering transferring Spain 's vast stockpiles of laughter to hostile elements ?
Joke bombs to the jihadists ?
A devastating punch line to Hamas ?
" You can laugh , " a Foreign Ministry official said afterward , " but the incident has already caused serious damage to Israel 's image abroad , which only increased when Israel failed to provide a serious explanation . "
Prado is not alone .
Were the story not so inane , grotesque and infuriating we might hurt ourselves laughing .
But dozens of foreign visitors have been similarly expelled in the past few months because they were suspected of sympathizing with the Palestinians - a grave offense indeed .
These are people of conscience who came to express support for the Palestinians but were foiled by the airport 's thought police .
The Jewish - American historian Norman Finkelstein was expelled for supporting a one - state solution to the Mideast conflict and believing that Israel has turned the Holocaust into an industry .
But had he requested a new immigrant document he would have to receive one immediately , in accordance with the Law of Return .
But to come to visit and dare to criticize ?
Send him back to America .
Likewise , three Swedish activists for a Jewish - Palestinian educational group were recently expelled , as was an American journalist who had worked for years for the Palestinian news agency Ma'an .
Has anyone ever heard of a supporter or benefactor of the most extremist of settlers being deported ?
Please - do n't make the Shin Bet and the Interior Ministry laugh .
of space imaging prowess — the success of the Hubble and Kepler telescopes in capturing the farthest reaches of space proves this .
The problem ?
Hubble alone has cost about $ 9.6 billion to taxpayers since its launch in 1990 .
In short , telescopes are expensive .
So how can NASA deliver the same high - quality galactic images and information for less ?
Chuck Hailey , a professor of physics at Columbia University , has one answer — cheaper lenses .
Hailey has developed a method of glass assembly that allows scopes to focus more intensely at a tenth of the cost .
The method is cheap and proven for ground - based telescopes , but the real test remains : surviving the intense cold , heat and tumult of a space mission launch .
" It 's so easy to be clever in experimental astrophysics if you have a lot of money .
But the real question is : can you constrain the money and build a bigger , better instrument ? "
Hailey says .
An abuse test in late April proved his scope 's durability — the prototype handled simulated rocket liftoff at 25 g - forces without a hitch , with crisp and clear images both before and after the shake test .
NASA is using Hailey 's unconventional , cheap optics in a new array of black hole seekers .
These telescopes , part of NuStar ( Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array ) , will launch in the spring of 2012 and employ optics 1000 times more sensitive than any used before by orbiting telescopes : capturing high - energy X - ray images to reveal black holes of all shapes and sizes as well as supernova remnants around the center of the Milky Way .
Conducting a detailed census of collapsed stars and the extragalactic sky requires thousands of glass segments and 133 glass layers for each of the telescope 's two optics , something not economically feasible with the conventional approach to building telescopes , which calls for an expensive grinding , polishing and mounting process , Hailey says .
Coated glass lenses for NuStar being assembled at Columbia University .
The first step in cutting costs is finding the right glass and production process for the job .
In optics , scientists look for atomically smooth and wave - free surfaces .
Hailey looked at computer - screen glass for inspiration and invented his own glass - shaping process for X - ray optics called thermal slumping .
Beginning with the overflow process , similar to allowing a cup to fill and overflow with water in the sink , researchers craft atomically smooth glass , free of ripples and never touched by human hands .
From there , they slump the glass over a mold that can then be fitted together to form an optic .
The work took Hailey and his colleagues three to four months of tinkering before they perfected the glass - shaping system , and it has only gotten better over the last two to three years , he says .
" There are three key challenges , " he says , " finding the right glass , thermally shaping the glass and finding an unusual way to mount the glass . "
Instead of mounting components the traditional way — aligning glass pieces one by one — Hailey developed a process to machine them using graphite and epoxy materials as spacers , forcing the glass pieces into a perfect conical shape with just the right amount of space between the 133 glass layers .
If a glass layer 's shape is off so much as a fraction of a micron , the scope 's precision takes a mighty blow .
The team is midway through constructing the mission 's first flight optic in Irvington , N.Y. , and , so far , has not encountered precision problems .
With its main two scopes still to be constructed , and adding one glass layer to an optic per day , the team aims to be finished with optic building by next spring , to begin conducting calibration tests .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
OK , so I literally finished writing the ‘ Megan Fox dropped from Transformers 3 ‘ story about an hour ago and already , The Wrap are reporting that Gemma Arterton is going to be replacing Fox in the movie .
Now , I my well be wrong but I am thinking that this is complete rubbish .
Last week , I got to interview Arterton while she was promoting Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time .
During the interview , she told me that in her next role , she ’d be putting on a lot of weight and did n’t have to worry about her appearance as much as she did when playing Princess Tamina in the Disney / Bruckheimer production .
Unfortunately I could n’t find out the name of the movie .
I ’m pretty sure that they ’d want Arterton looking her finest if she was going to play against Shia LaBeouf and especially if she ’s replacing Megan Fox .
The Wrap also mentions that others in the running include Bar Rafaeli , Miranda Kerr and Brooklyn Decker .
I ’m still new to the business so I maybe talking complete rubish but those are my thoughts .
Discuss in the coments below .
My interview with Gemma Arterton will be going live tomorrow at 10am .
For almost three decades , oceanographers have been puzzled by the ability of microscopic algae to grow in mid-ocean areas where there is very little nitrate , an essential algal nutrient .
In a study appearing in Nature , MBARI chemical oceanographer Ken Johnson , along with coauthors Stephen Riser at the University of Washington and David Karl at the University of Hawaii , show that mid-ocean algae obtain nitrate from deep water , as much as 250 meters below the surface .
This finding will help scientists predict how open - ocean ecosystems could respond to global warming .
The sea around Hawaii may be clear and blue , but it hides an enduring oceanographic mystery .
Surface waters in this and other mid-ocean areas contain almost no nitrate or other plant nutrients .
Yet each year , microscopic algae ( phytoplankton ) flourish in these vast , open - ocean areas .
Although miniscule in size , these mid-ocean algae consume about one fifth of all the carbon dioxide taken up by plants and algae worldwide .
To solve this mystery , Johnson and his fellow researchers used a robotic drifter called an Apex float , which automatically moves from the sea surface down to 1,000 meters and then back again , collecting data as it goes .
Researchers at the University of Washington outfitted this drifter with an oxygen sensor and a custom version of Johnson 's In Situ Ultraviolet Spectrophotometer ( ISUS ) , which measures nitrate concentrations in seawater .
The design and deployment of this custom drifter was funded by grants from the National Science Foundation , the Office of Naval Research , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation , and the David and Lucile Packard Foundation .
In December 2007 , researchers from University of Hawaii placed the drifter in the ocean northeast of Oahu , where it collected ocean profiles once every five days for almost two years .
From January through October of each year , the instruments on the drifter showed a gradual increase in oxygen concentrations in the upper 100 meters of the ocean .
At the same time , the float detected a gradual decrease in concentrations of nitrate in deeper waters , from 100 to 250 meters below the surface .
advertisement
Johnson and his coauthors found that the amount of oxygen being produced near the surface through photosynthesis was directly proportional to the amount of nitrate that was being consumed in deeper water .
Based on the decline in nitrate concentrations at depth , the researchers estimated how much algal growth could have taken place during the year .
They found that their estimates of algal growth were very similar to algal growth rates measured during the University of Hawaii 's oceanographic cruises in that part of the Pacific .
Because there is not enough sunlight for algae to grow below 100 meters , the researchers conclude that algae growing near the surface somehow obtain nitrate from deeper water , and use this nitrate to grow and reproduce .
But exactly how the algae obtain these deep nutrients is still unclear .
One possible mechanism is ocean eddies .
Satellite and drifter data suggest that slow , swirling eddies occasionally form hundreds of meters below the surface of the Pacific .
The ISUS data demonstrate that some of these eddies can carry nitrate up to about 70 meters below the ocean surface .
Yet these pulses of nitrate do not appear to reach the upper 50 meters of the water column , where most of the algae grow .
Johnson and his coauthors speculate that dormant microalgae may inhabit the waters below 100 meters .
Open - ocean eddies occasionally carry these algae upward , to depths of perhaps 70 meters .
At this point , the algae may consume any available nitrate and then migrate farther up into the sunlit surface waters .
Johnson suggests that testing this hypothesis will provide an interesting challenge for marine biologists .
Scientists already know that some algae can swim , using tiny , whip - like flagella .
Other algae can actively change their buoyancy , just like the Apex float , and either sink or float upwards .
Over the next year or two , Johnson and his fellow researchers will outfit several groups of drifters with nitrate and oxygen sensors .
Some of these drifters will be deployed around Hawaii .
Others will be deployed near Bermuda in the mid-Atlantic .
Still other groups of drifters will be deployed in the far North Pacific and in the Southern Ocean , where nitrate supplies and algal growth are typically much higher than in mid-ocean areas .
Such studies of tiny algae in the open ocean may seem remote from human activities on land .
Yet the oxygen produced by mid-ocean algae is essential for the survival of life on earth .
Furthermore , these algae move huge amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere into the ocean , and thus play a significant role in controlling the earth 's climate .
As Johnson says , " The bugs you can't see with a microscope are doing all the work . "
BEIJING : Computer giants Dell and Hewlett - Packard said Thursday they were looking into conditions at a Chinese factory owned by a Taiwanese supplier following the deaths of 11 workers in apparent suicides .
The statements came a day after Apple said it was investigating the situation at Foxconn 's vast plant in the southern city of Shenzhen , which has raised concerns over how workers are treated there and in factories nationwide .
Foxconn - under pressure to respond , with the latest suicide coming after a visit by the group 's chairman to Shenzhen to show his concern - reportedly plans to relocate staff to western China , where they would be closer to home .
"
We 're investigating the reports .
Any reports of poor working conditions in Dell 's supply chain are investigated and , if warranted , appropriate action is taken , " Dell spokeswoman Sharon Zhang told .
"
We expect our suppliers to employ the same high standards we do in our own facilities .
" An HP spokesperson said : " As with all concerns that are raised about our suppliers , HP is investigating the Foxconn practices that may be associated with these tragic events .
" Activists and employees have said the estimated 300,000 - 400,000 workers at the plant , which assembles Apple 's top - selling iPhone , face long hours , low pay and heavy pressure .
On Wednesday , an Apple spokeswoman said the company was " deeply committed to ensuring that conditions throughout our supply chain are safe and workers are treated with respect and dignity .
" China 's official Xinhua news agency , quoting a witness , said a man jumped to his death at the giant Shenzhen complex late Wednesday , and that police had confirmed it was a suicide .
The death brought the toll of apparent suicides at the Shenzhen site this year to 10 , with another death reported at a Foxconn plant in northern China .
Two other employees sustained serious injuries in similar falls .
Officials at Foxconn , which is owned by Taiwan 's Hon Hai Precision , were not immediately available to comment Thursday about the latest suicide .
During a trip to Shenzhen on Wednesday , Hon Hai 's chairman Terry Gou publicly apologised for the deaths but defended the company 's labour practices , saying some of the suicides may have been linked to personal problems .
The factory complex , which is a virtual city - within - a- city , boasts banks , bakeries , a 24 - hour market , gurgling fountains and even an acupuncturist .
Foxconn is urging workers to sign contracts promising not to kill themselves , according to media reports which also said employees must agree to go to psychiatric institutions if their mental health turns " abnormal .
"
The company was also said to be hanging safety nets around buildings at its sprawling factory .
In Taiwan , media outlets reported that Foxconn was planning to move some facilities to the west of China so that workers - many of them migrants in their teens and 20s - could remain closer to their families .
" We will let young people return to their hometowns to work so they can feel the warmth of home , " Gou said after meeting a visiting delegation from southwest China 's Sichuan province , the Economic Daily News reported .
Hon Hai plans to invest tens of billions of Taiwan dollars ( hundreds of million US ) in northwest China and transfer around 80,000 workers back to Sichuan , said the Commercial Times , citing unnamed sources .
This week , I spent longer inside the mind of media minister Stephen Conroy than I would necessarily recommend .
The reason was as we ’ve written in various posts his performance at the Senate Estimates Committee .
Reading the transcript has , I must admit , made me change my mind about him .
You see , when he was saying some of the more extreme stuff about his proposed internet filter over the last few months , I assumed it was just politics .
I thought he was grandstanding on family values while of course knowing that it would n’t fly .
ADVERTISEMENT
But when you read his thoughts ( you can find the 131 page trasncript here if you like ) , it ’s enough to make you think again about him both as a person and as a minister .
( A slight declaration of interest at this point – unlike Rupert Murdoch , I ’ve sat next to Conroy at dinner , within a few days of him being appointed .
At that stage he seemed throughouly affable , if more interested in talking about soccer than media policy . )
But the person who comes across in the transcript is a sneering , sarcastic grudge - bearing point scorer .
And one who wo n’t give a straight answer to a straight question , at that .
Even for a politician , his refusal to define the word “ soon ” in respect to the mysterious ( wind - the - clock - down - til - after - the - election ? ) delays in the anti-siphoning review was laughable .
And he ’s got his patronise setting firmly at “ kill ” .
Reading his words when asked about plans to help remote homes receive TV signals , suggested a minister with something to hide .
“ The answer is that all SBS channels will be available on a satellite to every Australian , across the entire landmass of Australia .
That is what a satellite does .
It is a remarkable invention .
They have been around a few years . ”
Or :
“ The remarkable thing about satellites is that they are a relatively new invention of about 50 years ago and they provide a pretty good service around the rest of the world . ”
And :
“ The signal will be provided and miraculously , when signals were turned on with terrestrial , they also needed a receiving piece of equipment otherwise usually referred to as a TV . ”
But most of all , it ’s the grudge bearing .
He took a right kicking from the Murdoch press when he gave a giant rebate to the TV networks on what sounded at the time a very flimsy excuse – that it was to help them achieve local content targets they already legally have to attain anyway .
So his suggestion ( several times – not as a single aside ) that this was because of the wisdom of Rupert Murdoch appeared very much like he was choosing the words most likely to infuriate the News Ltd camp .
Which seems like an amazingly risky strategy for any politician .
It certainly suggests that relations have broken down .
One ca n’t help wonder if the fact that he ’s never met Murdoch there might be an element of pique .
Again , the transcript seems to imply it .
One even comes to admire his bravery a little as one continues to read and discover Conroy picking fights not just with Murdoch but with Facebook and Google too .
He seems to have a lot of enemies at present .
Indeed , the free TV bosses may be his only powerful friends .
At best he comes across as testy and defensive .
While I never thought Australia had a brilliant media minister , I thought he was probably okay .
For those who have reached the conclusion ahead of me , forgive me for being slow on the uptake .
Conroy is no good at his job .
Related :
Tim Burrowes
Man , I am so freakn bad at answering email .
I think I need to make a goal to catch up on all unanswered emails , no matter how long its been .
If you ’ve been waiting for a response , ooooooops sorry .
Really though , I just plain ai n’t good at talking via email .
Ain’t good none .
Despite opposition from the left and the right , House Democratic leaders are cautiously optimistic they have enough votes to pass a new campaign finance bill .
The White House - backed legislation would change the landscape of the 2010 elections and beyond , but it is still a long way from reaching President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE ’s desk .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yet , in the last week alone , the bill aimed at suppressing the Supreme Court ’s Citizen United ruling has picked up 14 co-sponsors ,
The measure now has 114 backers , including 11 members of the business - friendly Blue Dog Democrat Coalition .
The number of supporters has continued to grow despite vehement protests from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups that the bill , known as the Disclose Act , would have a chilling effect on free speech .
The AFL - CIO and NAACP have also expressed reservations about the bill .
Campaign finance watchdog groups and the legislation ’s main sponsors , Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) and Sen. Charles Schumer Chuck SchumerFirst woman sentenced for her role in Nxivm sex cult Ocasio - Cortez calls Trump a ' white supremacist ' after debate Democrats rip Trump for not condemning white supremacists , Proud Boys at debate MORE ( D - N.Y. ) , are still wary about last - minute lobbying blitzes .
Van Hollen sat down with officials from the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) on Tuesday to try to address their concerns about language that would force groups to reveal the identities of their top donors in political advertisements , among other things .
Earlier this week , Democrats had tentatively planned to hold a floor vote on the bill on Thursday or Friday , but that vote could slip until after the Memorial Day recess , aides said .
Democratic staffers note that House leaders have spent much of this week working on a massive tax / healthcare / jobs bill .
But some proponents of the bill are nervous that the NRA ’s opposition could peel off conservative Democrats .
Van Hollen and Schumer want to send the bill to the president ’s desk by the July 4 recess in order for it to go into effect before the midterm elections .
Van Hollen has convinced two Republicans ( Reps. Mike Castle , Del. , and Walter Jones , N.C. ) to co-sponsor his bill , while Schumer is still seeking GOP support in the upper chamber .
Several vulnerable Democrats are standing firmly behind the bill , as is Rep. John Dingell ( Mich . ) , the dean of the Democratic delegation and a strong advocate of gun rights .
In addition , Rep. Walt Minnick ( Idaho ) , the only Democrat to win backing from the Tea Party movement and a major GOP target this cycle , said he planned to vote in favor of the measure .
On Tuesday , voters in the Idaho primary chose Tea Party - backed state Rep. Raul Labrador as their candidate in the general election over Vaughn Ward , who was seen as a rising star among the Republican establishment .
Minnick , who voted against the stimulus , healthcare reform and climate change legislation , has taken political donations from the U.S. Chamber in the past and last year won a “ Spirit of Enterprise ” award for his record in Congress .
“ If this is what they want to target me for instead of real votes that would hurt business , then so be it , ” Minnick said .
“ I think voters in my district realize the truth about campaign finance — that there should be less money in politics , not more . ”
The high court ’s decision earlier this year lifted limits on corporate , trade association and union funding of political advertisements .
Critics of the ruling , including Obama , have argued that it will open the floodgates for funding of political ads by shadow groups taking money from corporations and unions .
The Disclose Act attempts to force the groups to disclose exactly where the money for the ads is coming from by forcing corporate and union officials , as well as their top donors , to stand by their ads and disclose their identities in the ads , just as federal politicians must do .
Rep. Jim Himes , a freshman Democrat from Connecticut who faces a challenging reelection in a district previously held by veteran GOP Rep.
Christopher Shays , is a former banker at Goldman Sachs .
He says he considers himself an ally of the business community , but does not take kindly to threats by the U.S. Chamber against supporting the Disclose bill .
Himes , who signed on as a co-sponsor , said he ’s willing to lose his seat over the issue of campaign finance reform .
“ It ’s just that important for the integrity of our political system , ” he said .
John Wren is CEO of the massive , ominously named advertising and PR conglomerate Omnicom .
As part of his contract , whenever he dies , the ( publicly traded ) company pays his heirs $ 41 million .
This benefits the shareholders by ....????
Omnicom is one of the handful of massive " holding companies " in its industry , meaning it owns dozens and dozens of actual firms that do actual work .
So John
Wren 's job is primarily to wear a nice suit , and have people give him reports .
( He can delegate the second part of that , if he likes ) .
He made eight million dollars last year .
Aaron Elstein reports that a shareholder tried to get this " golden coffin " benefit for Wren ( and a bunch of other Omnicom executives ! ) eliminated , because it is clearly fucking asinine and borderline criminal .
Of course they failed .
Omnicom , which owns BBDO Worldwide , PR company Fleishman - Hillard and other marketing - communications firms , opposed the [ proposal to eliminate the death benefit ] .
It argued that it needs to offer death benefits in order " to attract and retain top talent " and added that " such benefits are common in our industry . "
Now now , Omnicom executives — if others in your industry robbed a bank , would you do it too ?
Ha , of course you would .
You already are .
[ Ad Age ]
In light of Verizon 's recent decision ( or was that Google 's decision ? ) to say goodnight to the Nexus One in favor of the Droid Incredible , we thought it might be wise to reach out to Sprint and get a comment on its own version -- the EVO 4G is just around the corner , of course , and it 's lying in wait to cast a long , long shadow over any other Android device in Sprint 's lineup .
Sure enough , the carrier says that it's now taking a pass on Google 's first " superphone , " seeing how the EVO 4G is basically better in every respect : WiMAX support , larger screen , better camera , and so on .
Of course , this might peeve a few folks who'd prefer stock Android over HTC's Sense UI -- if for no other reason than the fact that Sense - powered devices tend to have wildly longer firmware upgrade lag times than stock ones do -- but otherwise , the move seems to be a perfectly logical one .
Oh , and as for that EVO ?
No update on a launch window , but Sprint says that it 's still targeting Summer , thank goodness .
Huge vents covering the sea - floor – among the strangest and most spectacular sights in nature – pour carbon dioxide and other gases into the deep waters of the oceans .
Last week , as researchers reported that they had now discovered more than 50,000 underwater volcanic springs , they also revealed a new use for them – as laboratories for measuring the impact of ocean acidification on marine life .
The seas are slowly being made more acidic by the increasing amounts of carbon dioxide from factories and cars being pumped into the atmosphere and then dissolved in the sea .
The likely impact of this acidification worries scientists , because they have found that predicting the exact course of future damage is a tricky process .
That is where the undersea vents come in , says Dr Jason Hall - Spencer of the University of Plymouth .
" Seawater around these vents becomes much more acidic than normal sea­water because of the carbon dioxide that is being bubbled into it , " he told a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in San Diego , California , last week .
" Indeed , it reaches a level that we believe will be matched by the acidity of oceans in three or four decades .
That is why they are so important . "
As part of his research , Hall - Spencer has scuba - dived into waters around vents and used submersibles to study those in deeper waters .
In both cases the impact was dramatic , he told the conference .
" The sea floor is often very colourful .
There are corals , pink algae and sea urchins .
But I have found that these are wiped out when the water becomes more acidic and are replaced by sea grasses and foreign , invasive algae .
" There is a complete ecological flip .
The seabed loses all its richness and variety .
And that is what is likely to happen in the next few decades across the world 's oceans . "
Hall - Spencer also noted that in acidic seawater a type of algae known as coralline algae – which act as the glue holding coral reefs together – are destroyed .
" When coralline algae are destroyed , coral reefs fall apart , " he said .
" So we can see that coral islands like the ­Maldives face a particularly worrying future .
­Rising sea levels threaten to drown them , while acidic waters will cause them to disintegrate .
" It is a very worrying combination . "
Yes I know what you ’re thinking , Metal Gear Solid ??
EVERYONE KNOWS ABOUT THAT GAME .
But I ’m not referring to the Playstation game at all .
No what I ’m referring to is the Gameboy color game .
In Japan it was released under the title Metal Gear : Ghost Babel .
The story is not continuous with any of the Metal Gear Solid story lines , but it is an alternate timeline that takes place 8 years after the events of Outer Heaven .
The actual gameplay is what you would expect from a Metal Gear game .
Stealth action .
It also controls surprisingly well for a Gameboy game .
Snap necks , duck under cars , knock on walls , it ’s all there .
The game looks pretty good too for a Gameboy game .
You receive codec calls from Campbell and Meryl through out .
Its like a mix of Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear 2 ( BLUEMSX version , not NES ) .
The game is n’t as free - roaming as the predecessors however .
It plays sort - of like Virtual Missions in that there are stages .
Unlike Virtual Missions you can do whatever you need to reach the goal .
The dialog is decent and the game is pretty solid .
( No pun intended ) .
Give it a check out if you can find it .
- Damon
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
By Michael Voss
BBC News , Havana
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Cuba is turning over hundreds of state - run barber shops and beauty salons to employees in what may be the start of a long - expected privatisation drive .
All barbers and hairdressers in shops with three seats or fewer will be allowed to rent the space and pay taxes instead of getting a monthly wage .
The retail sector has long been derided for poor service and rampant theft .
The country 's former President , Fidel Castro , nationalised all small businesses in 1968 .
' Slow and cautious '
Now his younger brother and successor Raul Castro is trying to modernise the system without jumping to full - scale capitalism .
Other communist countries such as China and Vietnam have long since pushed through market reforms while maintaining political control .
President Castro's first economic reforms involved giving unproductive state - owned land to private farmers .
Some taxi drivers are allowed to work for themselves .
This is his first attempt to deal with shops in the retail and service sector .
It is likely to be a gradual process , though .
These beauty salon changes have not been officially announced or mentioned in the state - controlled press .
In a recent speech to the Young Communist League , Raul Castro acknowledged that people were impatient for change but warned that he planned to move slowly and cautiously .
It must have seemed like a good idea at the time .
But for two mates , it led only to trouble with the law - and a massive pain in the butt .
On Sunday evening , the 34 - year - old men were sharing a few beers when they thought it would be interesting to shoot each other with an air rifle to see if it would hurt , or if the slugs would penetrate their skin .
Sergeant Brendan Khan from Horsham Police said the the two men took it in turns to shoot one another in the buttocks and leg .
Other than experiencing a bit of pain , the two men , who live at the base of the Grampians , thought they were fine .
The CEPR Deficit Calculator
There is considerable concern that the debt burden that United States will face by the end of the next decade will place serious strains on the government and the economy .
It is not clear how high the debt can go before it begins to hamper economic growth or raise questions about the creditworthiness of the U.S. government .
As is shown on the calculator below , the debt burden has been much higher for the United States in the past and is currently far higher for many countries than it is projected to be in the baseline scenario for the United States in 2020 .
This calculator allows users to see how various policies will affect the debt burden in 2020 .
These options have appeared in public debates ( or should ) and would have a substantial impact on the deficit .
The calculator allows users to select whatever target they consider appropriate given the various reference points shown .
Note : Requires latest version of Flash to play .
The measure of the debt used in this analysis is the commonly used measure of " publicly held " debt minus the portion of the debt held by the Federal Reserve Board .
Publicly held debt refers to all the debt held by individuals , corporations , mutual funds , pension funds , foreign investors or foreign central banks .
Interest is paid on these holdings from the government to the owners of the debt .
The Federal Reserve Board owns hundreds of billions of dollars of government debt that is included in publicly held debt .
However , the interest on the debt held by the Federal Reserve Board is paid to the Federal Reserve Board .
Most of this interest is then rebated back to the Treasury ( some money is kept to cover the Fed 's operating costs ) , so it is not a net drain on the Treasury .
Therefore , insofar as we are interested in the burden that the debt will pose on taxpayers , we should exclude the portion of the debt held by the Fed .
He once wielded a knife on the deck of a Japanese whaling ship , slicing apart the behemoths of the ocean in the name of " scientific research " , while much of the rest of the world looked on in horror .
Now , as Japan pushes to overturn the 24 - year ban on commercial whaling , the former whaler has come forward with allegations of widespread criminality among the men with whom he spent months in the freezing waters of the Antarctic .
Sent every winter to slaughter the mammals for research that Japan says is vital to our understanding of whale populations , the crewmen are instead seizing and selling prized cuts of meat to earn extra cash and , in at least one case , earn many more times their annual salary , says the whaler - turned - whistleblower .
He refers to himself only as " Kujira - san " ( Mr Whale ) , a precaution necessitated by a genuine fear for his safety .
But the personal risks will be worthwhile , he says , if it means the world learns the truth about the dark side of Japan 's whaling industry .
" Even before we arrived in the Antarctic Ocean , " he says of a recent expedition , " the more experienced whalers would talk about taking whale meat home to sell .
It was an open secret .
Even officials from the Institute of Cetacean Research [ a quasi - governmental body that organises Japan 's whaling programme ] on the ship knew what was happening , but they turned a blind eye to it . "
Kujira , who worked aboard the Nisshin Maru mother ship , saw crew members helping themselves to prime cuts of whale meat and packing them into boxes they would mark with doodles or pseudonyms so they could identify them when the vessel reached port .
" They never wrote their real names on the boxes , " he said .
Some whalers would take home between five and 10 boxes , he said , while one secured as many as 40 boxes of prime meat that fetches ¥ 20,000 ( about £ 148 ) a kilo when sold legally .
One crew member built a house with the profits from illicitly sold whale meat , he said .
" Another used the money he earned to buy a car , " he said .
" They were careful to select only the best cuts , like the meat near the tail fin .
I never dared challenge them . "
Kujira paints an unpleasant picture of life at sea , although he is reluctant to divulge details for fear of revealing his identity .
Newcomers are badly treated by more experienced whalers , fuelled by a machismo culture that is disappearing from other parts of the fishing industry .
" The treatment of junior crew has improved a lot elsewhere over the last 40 years , " he said .
" But the industry seems to be trapped in time . "
He contradicted Japan 's claims that the industry , which reportedly required government subsidies of almost $ 12 m in 2008 - 09 , is highly efficient .
The fleet would sometimes catch more whales than necessary , he said , strip them of their most expensive parts and throw what was left overboard .
" I did n't think of the embezzlement at first .
I just could n't stand the waste .
A lot of meat was being thrown away because we kept catching whales even after we 'd reached our daily quota .
I decided I had to tell someone what was happening . "
Oddly , perhaps , for someone with his professional background , he sought help from Greenpeace .
In 2008 , the organisation launched a secret investigation into embezzlement by the crew of the Nisshin Maru , during which two activists , Junichi Sato and Toru Suzuki , intercepted a box containing 23kg of whale meat – worth about ¥ 350,000 – at a warehouse in Japan that they later presented as evidence .
After initially agreeing to act on their claims , prosecutors dropped the case and instead , Sato and Suzuki were arrested and charged with theft and trespassing .
Last week , prosecutors demanded an 18 - month prison sentence for the " Tokyo Two " , who were held without charge for 23 days and interrogated while strapped to chairs without their lawyers present .
A ruling is expected in the next few months .
Kujira 's allegations come as the International Whaling Commission [ IWC ] prepares to meet next week in Morocco to discuss a proposal that could end the moratorium on commercial whaling in return for whaling nations agreeing to smaller quotas .
In the run up to the meeting , Japan has reverted to its preferred tactic of using aid to sway small islands and even landlocked nations to vote with it in the 88 - member body .
Under the IWC moratorium , Japan is permitted to catch just under 1,000 whales – mainly minke – in the name of scientific research .
Meat from the cull is sold on the open market and the profits used to fund future whaling expeditions .
Japan denies allegations of vote - buying , but has acknowledged that it invests heavily in the fishing industries of some IWC allies , and pays the expenses of delegates from poorer countries .
Kujira says Greenpeace 's investigation has forced whaling crews to change their ways .
" I heard from my sources that the theft of whale meat has stopped because of the media attention .
But dozens of younger crewmen have left the fleet because they can no longer steal whale meat .
They only joined the fleet because they knew they could make lots of money at the end of each trip .
It was the only perk of a very tough job .
The older whalers are just hanging on for their pensions . "
The Institute of Cetacean Research has insisted that crew members take home only small quantities of whale meat as a reward for spending months working in some of the world 's most inhospitable waters .
Kujira is trying to generate interest among Japan 's media , which are reluctant to criticise the country 's research culls while it defends itself against mounting international criticism of the annual slaughter .
Although he no longer works for the fleet , Kujira adds that he will continue to campaign behind the scenes , at great risk to his own safety , until the Japanese public learn the truth about the industry : " I dread to think what the other whalers would do to me if they knew who I was .
They could do anything they wanted to me .
I would be living in fear of my life . "
A whale tale
The International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) is bitterly divided over Japan 's research whaling programme .
The country slaughters about 950 mainly minke whales every year in the name of scientific research , but critics say the culls are commercial whaling in disguise , since the meat is sold on the open market .
Under a proposal submitted by IWC chairman Cristian Maquieira , Japan would be permitted to resume commercial whaling for 10 years , but would have to adhere to strict quotas " significantly lower " than current ones .
One estimate says the move could spare more than 5,000 whales over the next decade .
Two other whaling nations , Iceland and Norway , would also be able to take part in the experiment .
The three nations have killed 35,000 whales since the IWC ban went into effect in 1986 .
They would have to agree to other conditions , such as the presence of observers on ships , DNA registers of slaughtered whales and market sampling to detect illegal whaling .
Campaigners fear the proposal could lead to a return to large - scale commercial whaling and say the IWC should be forcing whaling nations to end the culls altogether .
There are large numbers of minke whales in the north Atlantic and western north Pacific , but the proposal would also permit limited catches of fin and sei whales , both listed as endangered .
The move is under discussion and would require the support by 75 % of the IWC 's 88 members to pass .
Despite allegations of vote buying , Japan is currently some way short of acquiring the votes it needs .
Online Content
The following articles and book reviews from this issue are available online .
Articles
No articles are available online for this edition .
Book Reviews
No book reviews are available online for this edition .
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in neutral zone
Ryane Clowe credited with hit on Niklas Kronwall in neutral zone
Devin Setoguchi shot blocked by Brad Stuart
Giveaway by Devin Setoguchi in defensive zone
Dany Heatley shot blocked by Brian Rafalski
Shot on goal by Rob Blake saved by Jimmy Howard ( Slapshot 59 ft )
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Darren
Helm in defensive zone
Manny Malhotra credited with hit on Daniel Cleary in neutral zone
Takeaway by Manny Malhotra in neutral zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Joe Thornton credited with hit on Niklas Kronwall in offensive zone
Dany Heatley shot blocked by Brad Stuart
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Slapshot 76 ft )
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Kris Draper in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Torrey Mitchell saved by Jimmy Howard ( Tip - In 21 ft )
Jason Demers credited with hit on Valtteri Filppula in offensive zone
Shot missed by Torrey Mitchell , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 39 ft )
Jason Demers shot blocked by Nicklas Lidstrom
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Valtteri Filppula in neutral zone
Ryane Clowe credited with hit on Brad Stuart in offensive zone
Shot missed by Joe Pavelski , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 36 ft )
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 15 ft )
Shot on goal by Ryane Clowe saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 29 ft )
Rob Blake shot blocked by Daniel Cleary
Takeaway by Jamie McGinn in neutral zone
Giveaway by Ryane Clowe in neutral zone
Scott Nichol credited with hit on Darren Helm in offensive zone
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Marc -Edouard Vlasic credited with hit on Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Giveaway by Dany Heatley in neutral zone
Jamie McGinn credited with hit on Andreas Lilja in neutral zone
Giveaway by Logan Couture in neutral zone
Shot missed by Joe Thornton , Goalpost ( Backhand 13 ft )
Torrey Mitchell shot blocked by Brad Stuart
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Slapshot 46 ft )
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 18 ft )
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in offensive zone
Joe Pavelski shot blocked by Pavel Datsyuk
Giveaway by Patrick Marleau in offensive zone
Shot missed by Rob Blake , Wide of Net ( Deflection 20 ft )
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Rob Blake saved by Jimmy Howard ( Slapshot 68 ft )
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Valtteri Filppula in offensive zone
Scott Nichol credited with hit on Johan Franzen in offensive zone
Scott Nichol credited with hit on Brian Rafalski in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Dan Boyle saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 53 ft )
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Darren
Helm in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Torrey Mitchell saved by Jimmy Howard ( Tip - In 10 ft )
Logan Couture credited with hit on Niklas Kronwall in offensive zone
Torrey Mitchell shot blocked by Niklas Kronwall
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 46 ft )
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Backhand 26 ft )
Shot on goal by Devin Setoguchi saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 35 ft )
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Johan Franzen in defensive zone
Patrick Marleau credited with hit on Brad Stuart in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Dany Heatley saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 31 ft )
Joe Thornton credited with hit on Brad Stuart in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Dan Boyle saved by Jimmy Howard ( Slapshot 49 ft )
Shot missed by Manny Malhotra , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 34 ft )
Ryane Clowe credited with hit on Brian Rafalski in offensive zone
Takeaway by Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Brad Stuart in neutral zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Todd Bertuzzi in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Backhand 8 ft )
Douglas Murray shot blocked by Brian Rafalski
Shot missed by Dany Heatley , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 35 ft )
Shot missed by Logan Couture , Wide of Net ( Tip - In 20 ft )
Takeaway by Patrick Marleau in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Devin Setoguchi saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 51 ft )
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in offensive zone
Power Play Goal Scored by Joe Thornton ( Wristshot 10 ft ) assisted by Dany Heatley and Jason Demers
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Jonathan Ericsson in neutral zone
Penalty to Joe Pavelski 2 minutes for Hooking Henrik Zetterberg
Scott Nichol won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Scott Nichol won faceoff against Valtteri Filppula in defensive zone
Giveaway by Evgeni Nabokov in defensive zone
Scott Nichol won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Shot missed by Manny Malhotra , Wide of Net ( Backhand 32 ft )
Penalty to Dan Boyle 2 minutes for Tripping Johan Franzen
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in defensive zone
Patrick Marleau credited with hit on Brian Rafalski in offensive zone
Giveaway by Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Ryane Clowe credited with hit on Daniel Cleary in offensive zone
Giveaway by Marc - Edouard Vlasic in neutral zone
Penalty to Marc - Edouard Vlasic 2 minutes for Kneeing Valtteri Filppula
Patrick Marleau won faceoff against Todd Bertuzzi in defensive zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Marc -Edouard Vlasic credited with hit on Brad Stuart in defensive zone
Shot missed by Patrick Marleau , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 44 ft )
Shot missed by Devin Setoguchi , Over Net ( Wristshot 26 ft )
Devin Setoguchi credited with hit on Henrik Zetterberg in neutral zone
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Darren
Helm in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Devin Setoguchi saved by Jimmy Howard ( Backhand 30 ft )
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Johan Franzen in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 22 ft )
Takeaway by Dany Heatley in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Logan Couture saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 70 ft )
Shot missed by Logan Couture , Wide of Net ( Backhand 20 ft )
Giveaway by Logan Couture in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Scott Nichol saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 63 ft )
Shot on goal by Scott Nichol saved by Jimmy Howard ( Tip - In 8 ft )
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Backhand 15 ft )
Shot missed by Joe Pavelski , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 21 ft )
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Backhand 20 ft )
Giveaway by Ryane Clowe in offensive zone
Douglas Murray credited with hit on Johan Franzen in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Dany Heatley saved by Jimmy Howard ( Deflection 6 ft )
Dany Heatley shot blocked by Nicklas Lidstrom
Goal scored by Patrick Marleau ( Wristshot 16 ft ) assisted by Joe Thornton
Niclas Wallin credited with hit on Daniel Cleary in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 22 ft )
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in neutral zone
Niclas Wallin credited with hit on Daniel Cleary in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Joe Pavelski saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 60 ft )
Joe Thornton credited with hit on Niklas Kronwall in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Snapshot 14 ft )
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Scott Nichol saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 11 ft )
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Darren Helm in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Patrick Marleau saved by Jimmy Howard ( Wristshot 28 ft )
Joe Pavelski won faceoff against Henrik Zetterberg in offensive zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Joe Thornton won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Scott Nichol won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Manny Malhotra won faceoff against Pavel Datsyuk in defensive zone
Penalty to Dan Boyle 2 minutes for Holding Henrik Zetterberg
Giveaway by Todd Bertuzzi in offensive zone
Giveaway by Jimmy Howard in defensive zone
Takeaway by Pavel Datsyuk in neutral zone
Tomas Holmstrom shot blocked by Rob Blake
Shot on goal by Brian Rafalski saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 56 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Darren
Helm credited with hit on Niclas Wallin in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Snapshot 54 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Shot on goal by Tomas Holmstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 36 ft )
Shot on goal by Valtteri Filppula saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 43 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Nicklas Lidstrom credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Justin Abdelkader credited with hit on Marc - Edouard Vlasic in neutral zone
Shot missed by Henrik Zetterberg , Wide of Net ( Backhand 36 ft )
Shot on goal by Brett Lebda saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 32 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped ; TV timeout
Darren
Helm won faceoff against Scott Nichol in offensive zone
Giveaway by Drew Miller in defensive zone
Andreas Lilja credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Stoppage - Icing
Shot missed by Pavel Datsyuk , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 38 ft )
Niklas Kronwall credited with hit on Devin Setoguchi in offensive zone
Johan Franzen credited with hit on Douglas Murray in neutral zone
Andreas Lilja shot blocked by Logan Couture
Giveaway by Brian Rafalski in defensive zone
Darren
Helm shot blocked by Rob Blake
Daniel Cleary shot blocked by Marc - Edouard Vlasic
Todd Bertuzzi credited with hit on Douglas Murray in offensive zone
Penalty to Johan Franzen 2 minutes for Interference Scott Nichol
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Giveaway by Darren
Helm in defensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Andreas Lilja credited with hit on Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Stoppage - Puck in Netting
Andreas Lilja credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Stoppage - Icing
Valtteri Filppula won faceoff against Scott Nichol in defensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped ; TV timeout
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Justin Abdelkader won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Henrik Zetterberg won faceoff against Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Giveaway by Brad Stuart in defensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Darren
Helm won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Daniel Cleary credited with hit on Marc - Edouard Vlasic in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Nicklas Lidstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 48 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Penalty to Johan Franzen 2 minutes for Hooking Joe Thornton
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in defensive zone
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Giveaway by Nicklas Lidstrom in defensive zone
Giveaway by Nicklas Lidstrom in defensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Joe Thornton in defensive zone
Darren
Helm shot blocked by Douglas Murray
Stoppage - Net Off
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Shot missed by Tomas Holmstrom , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 68 ft )
Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
Takeaway by Brian Rafalski in neutral zone
Goal scored by Brian Rafalski ( Slapshot 29 ft ) assisted by Johan Franzen and Todd Bertuzzi
Daniel Cleary credited with hit on Kent Huskins in offensive zone
Justin Abdelkader credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
Kris Draper credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
Penalty to Brad Stuart 2 minutes for Elbowing Joe Pavelski
Todd Bertuzzi credited with hit on Douglas Murray in offensive zone
Giveaway by Valtteri Filppula in offensive zone
Penalty to Todd Bertuzzi 2 minutes for Holding Rob Blake
Darren
Helm won faceoff against Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Darren
Helm shot blocked by Dan Boyle
Takeaway by Henrik Zetterberg in defensive zone
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Shot missed by Todd Bertuzzi , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 41 ft )
Todd Bertuzzi shot blocked by Devin Setoguchi
Shot on goal by Todd Bertuzzi saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 24 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped ; TV timeout
Stoppage - Net Off
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Joe Thornton in neutral zone
Takeaway by Pavel Datsyuk in offensive zone
Pavel Datsyuk shot blocked by Rob Blake
Shot on goal by Valtteri Filppula saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 42 ft )
Pavel Datsyuk shot blocked by Marc - Edouard Vlasic
Shot on goal by Nicklas Lidstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 56 ft )
Giveaway by Jonathan Ericsson in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Deflection 20 ft )
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
Shot missed by Brian Rafalski , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 52 ft )
Shot on goal by Pavel Datsyuk saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 31 ft )
Shot on goal by Nicklas Lidstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 51 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Shot on goal by Henrik Zetterberg saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 37 ft )
Jonathan Ericsson shot blocked by Rob Blake
Takeaway by Niklas Kronwall in defensive zone
Henrik Zetterberg shot blocked by Kent Huskins
Shot missed by Andreas Lilja , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 65 ft )
Giveaway by Valtteri Filppula in offensive zone
Takeaway by Pavel Datsyuk in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Drew Miller saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 33 ft )
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Tip - In 15 ft )
Shot on goal by Tomas Holmstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 16 ft )
Shot missed by Nicklas Lidstrom , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 40 ft )
Shot on goal by Henrik Zetterberg saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 34 ft )
Shot missed by Tomas Holmstrom , Wide of Net ( Tip - In 15 ft )
Shot on goal by Henrik Zetterberg saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 27 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Shot on goal by Daniel Cleary saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Tip - In 15 ft )
Valtteri Filppula shot blocked by Dan Boyle
Stoppage - Icing ; Visitor Timeout
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Stoppage - Puck in Netting
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
Drew Miller credited with hit on Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
Shot missed by Niklas Kronwall , Wide of Net ( Slapshot 57 ft )
Giveaway by Niklas Kronwall in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Valtteri Filppula saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 29 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Kris Draper won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Shot on goal by Brad Stuart saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 45 ft )
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Pavel Datsyuk saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 48 ft )
Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
Shot on goal by Daniel Cleary saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Backhand 23 ft )
Drew Miller credited with hit on Logan Couture in neutral zone
Justin Abdelkader credited with hit on Rob Blake in offensive zone
Takeaway by Henrik Zetterberg in neutral zone
Shot on goal by Henrik Zetterberg saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 42 ft )
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Joe Thornton in defensive zone
Giveaway by Brian Rafalski in defensive zone
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Ryane Clowe in defensive zone
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Joe Pavelski in defensive zone
Shot on goal by Valtteri Filppula saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 29 ft )
Giveaway by Pavel Datsyuk in neutral zone
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Logan Couture in defensive zone
Shot missed by Pavel Datsyuk , Wide of Net ( Wristshot 36 ft )
Stoppage - Puck in Crowd ; TV timeout
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Douglas Murray in neutral zone
Todd Bertuzzi credited with hit on Douglas Murray in defensive zone
Giveaway by Pavel Datsyuk in offensive zone
Shot missed by Darren Helm , Wide of Net ( Tip - In 18 ft )
Shot on goal by Daniel Cleary saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Slapshot 36 ft )
Shot on goal by Daniel Cleary saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Backhand 21 ft )
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 39 ft )
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Tip - In 13 ft )
Stoppage - Icing
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Patrick Marleau in offensive zone
Pavel Datsyuk shot blocked by Rob Blake
Stoppage - Puck in Netting ; TV timeout
Brad Stuart credited with hit on Ryane Clowe in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 46 ft )
Giveaway by Brian Rafalski in offensive zone
Shot on goal by Nicklas Lidstrom saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 38 ft )
Shot on goal by Valtteri Filppula saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 49 ft )
Daniel Cleary credited with hit on Marc - Edouard Vlasic in offensive zone
Stoppage - Puck in Crowd
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Shot on goal by Johan Franzen saved by Evgeni Nabokov ( Wristshot 46 ft )
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Stoppage - Puck Frozen
Stoppage - Puck Frozen
Stoppage - Goalie Stopped
Nicklas Lidstrom shot blocked by Manny Malhotra
Johan Franzen shot blocked by Douglas Murray
Pavel Datsyuk won faceoff against Manny Malhotra in offensive zone
ALGIERS / RABAT ( Reuters ) - A French proposal to ban full face veils has stoked debate in Europe and also provoked strong reactions across the Mediterranean in North Africa , where many of France ’s Muslims trace their origins .
Anne , an assumed name , a 31 - year old French woman who has been fined for wearing a niqab while driving , speaks to the media during a news conference with her husband Lies Hebbadj in Nantes , western France , April 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Stephane Mahe / Files
Former French colonies Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia are still tied to France by history , language and migration , so their views on the “ burqa ” issue could have a direct influence on how Muslims inside France react to a ban .
People in North Africa are split between those who see the proposed ban -- a version of which has already been approved by Belgium ’s lower house of parliament -- as an attack on Islam , and those who applaud Europe for defending secular values .
What is shared though by at least some people on each side of the argument is a concern that talk of a ban could be exploited by unscrupulous politicians and ratchet up tension between the authorities in Europe and Muslim communities .
“ I am against this form of dress ... but we should not enact laws against it , ” Khadija Riyadi , president of Morocco ’s leading independent human rights group , AMDH , told Reuters .
“ The right wing in France will take advantage of this law during elections when they should be addressing the situation of Muslims in France and trying to help them shrug off joblessness , poverty and racism , ” she said .
The “ burqa ” issue has , in France and other countries , become the focus for a debate about Islam and European society .
Belgium ’s lower house of parliament last month approved a bill to ban wearing the full Islamic face veil in public , though it still needs to pass the upper house .
France , home to the European Union ’s largest Muslim minority , is planning to debate a draft law to ban all face veils in public .
Influential politicians in Austria and the Netherlands have also advocated a ban .
“ WAR AGAINST MUSLIMS ”
For some people in North Africa , those discussions are evidence of a racist push to evict Muslims from Europe .
“ It is not just a campaign but a war against our people in Europe , ” said Sheikh Abdelfetah Zeraoui , a cleric in Algeria who belongs to the traditionalist Salafist strain of Islam .
“ We will urge our decision makers to apply reciprocity for European women entering into Algeria .
They should be wearing the Muslim veil .
Otherwise we wo n’t let them come to Algeria . ”
Just as in Europe , women in North Africa who wear full face veils -- known as the niqab or burqa -- are a small minority .
Many women wear the hijab , which covers the head but leaves the face exposed , while a sizeable minority go uncovered .
Fatima Bougttaya , 32 , comes from the working class neighbourhood of Sale , near Rabat , and wears a full burqa that covers her from head to toe , with only her hands exposed .
“ It is just a racist decision to destroy Islam , ” she said , when asked about the proposed French ban .
“ Why do they not make a law against women who exhibit their bodies in public and in front of cameras ? ”
SECULAR VALUES
North Africa plays a role in helping form Muslim opinion in Europe because many people of North African origin regularly travel back to the region and the mosques they attend abroad are often run by clerics trained in Algeria , Morocco or Tunisia .
Secular - minded people in North Africa sympathise with European moves to ban the face veil , seeing an echo of their own concerns that hardline Islamists in their countries are becoming too powerful .
“ The West has the right to preserve its secularism , ” said Abdelrhani Moundib , a professor of sociology and anthropology at Mohammed V University in the Moroccan capital , Rabat .
“ As a Moroccan Muslim , I am against the burqa .
I see nothing in it that relates to Islam or chastity , ” he said .
Radhia Nasraoui is a lawyer and opposition activist in the Tunisian capital who does not cover her head .
“ I am against any kind of limits on personal freedom , but in this case I think the Western explanations ( for banning the face veil ) are logical , ” she said .
“ How can you know who the person is who is wearing a niqab ? ”
Hey !
Click Here to go to EQComics ’ Facebook page !
Win a free trip to Ukraine when it reaches 1,000,000 Likes !
Much more at MPL Studio
Photo Archive , June 2010
Broad Street Hockey Staff Writers Geoff Detweiler and Ben Rothenberg teamed up for this piece .
And an update , HE TOUCHED IT .
As much as it may seem presumptive to be discussing this topic before the series is over , there 's no other sensible time to have this debate .
Ben :
So I was watching the final game of the Western Conference Final , which like the previous three was won by the Blackhawks , giving the team its first conference championship since 1992 , way back before the " Western Conference " even existed .
But when they wheeled out the Clarence Campbell Cup to present to Chicago captain Jonathan Toews , he acted like there was nothing else in the world he'd rather be doing .
Barely even looked at the trophy .
Why has it become so commonplace for players to reject the prize for winning their conference ?
Geoff : Why ?
I wish I could answer that , but I do n't know the origins of it .
But I imagine the reason it 's become so common place is tradition .
When something is done for so long , it tends to stick .
That 's a pretty lame answer , so let me try these two .
( Way more debate after the jump , click on )
First , it 's not just the NHL .
Last year , when the Lakers won the West , they did n't touch the trophy or seem too excited about it .
Why the NBA and NHL does this and the NFL and MLB do n't is a good question .
But hockey players are extremely superstitious .
They wo n't touch the Stanley Cup until they 've won it , they grow playoff beards ( or mullets ) , and eat grilled cheese before every game .
And when one thing is n't working , they change it .
Like Brodeur shaving his beard or Crosby picking up the trophy in 2009 after not touching it and losing the Cup in 2008 .
But the real answer ?
Why celebrate when you have n't done what you set out to do ?
Yeah , it 's an accomplishment to win the East , but it 's also an accomplishment to get to the final four .
That 's not the goal .
There 's still more work to do and there 's no time to celebrate .
Ben :
I understand that the Stanley Cup is forever the ultimate goal in the NHL , and that to a degree anything short of that goal is considered failure .
It would be one thing to ignore a conference championship if there was n't an entire ceremony built around it , but there is .
Toews was wearing a " Western Conference Champions " cap , and the screens around the arena read " Chicago Blackhawks 2010 Western Conference Champions . "
Regardless of what happens in the finals , the Blackhawks will hang a " Western Conference Champions 2009 - 10 " banner at the beginning of next season , which is a pretty undeniable expression that what they accomplished yesterday is worthy of commemorating .
If Mike Richards is fortunate enough to be presented the Prince of Wales trophy tonight ( or Wednesday or Friday ) , as a fan I do n't want to see him take that moment for granted .
Sure there 's a greater goal in mind , but there 's also the ( depressing ) possibility that it could be the most important piece of hardware he is handed this year , or ( more depressingly ) maybe even in his entire career .
Take this photo of Eric Lindros from 1997 ( right ) .
He did n't touch the Prince of Wales trophy , and then his team was swept in the finals .
Lindros was never on a team that won its conference again , so in some ways that photo represents the pinnacle of his achievement in the sport .
And yet he 's not smiling , not seeming to embrace the moment at all , and is even doing that same hand - on - hip thing that Toews did .
That 1997 team was the most successful in terms of playoff achievement of any Flyers team in the last 22 years , and yet Lindros seemed to think that his # 3 - seeded Flyers making the finals was nothing worth relishing for even a moment .
You know who deserves to relish that moment if they achieve it ?
Veterans Daniel Briere and Simon Gagne , each of whom is in his fourth Eastern Conference final and neither of whom has ever won one before .
And so do the rest of the 2009 - 10 Flyers , if only because of the improbability of their run .
That a team with the 18th - best record in the league during the regular season who made it into the playoffs in Game 82 through a shootout could win their conference is an absolutely remarkable achievement , and its not something anyone should scoff at , much less the team itself .
Touching a trophy is not tantamount to hanging a " Mission Accomplished " banner across the Wachovia Center .
But it would create a moment that could be looked back at fondly for the rest of the team 's history .
And if the Flyers go on to hoist a more famous trophy in a couple weeks , the moment of winning the East could very quickly be sent into the archives .
Geoff :
Well , those are all excellent points .
But there are some flaws .
The ceremony built around the trophy presentation is n't exactly awesome .
All of the players are stiff and they 're forced to wear hats and t- shirts .
The celebration occurred after the game was over when everyone surrounds either a ) the goalie or b ) the overtime hero .
The players celebrate their feat in much the same way as MLB and the NFL does , they just do n't care about the trophy .
There 's something to be said for players who walk past their conference / league championship trophy and just pat it , but I do n't think the ceremony demands that players do something .
They can celebrate their win how they choose .
And if the players choose they want the pinnacle of their careers up to this point - as in Briere or Gagne - to be cherished , I 'm pretty sure they can do that in ways other than touching a trophy .
They can enjoy it in the post - game scrum , the post - game locker room , the ride home , when they spend the evening with their wives , when the season is over and they get their Eastern Conference memorabilia , or when they see the banner raised the next year .
But this is getting away from the act of touching the trophy .
It is the Captain who shuns the hardware publicly , but I 'm sure you 're not advocating for the entire team to touch it , carry it around the ice , or even pose for a photo with it .
So really , this is a hypothetical argument involving only Mike Richards .
Truthfully , I bet Richards could care less about the Eastern Conference Trophy .
I mean , the guy has won a Memorial Cup , a Calder Cup , a World Juniors Silver Medal , World Juniors Gold Medal , and Olympic Gold .
The only thing left for him to win is a Stanley Cup .
If he never wins one , I 'm pretty sure he's not going to look back at the time he won a Wales Trophy and did n't touch it as a mistake .
Maybe players should smile when the accept the trophy .
I mean , it 's not like they 're standing next to Gary Bettman .
But touching it ?
Being happy that they won a trophy only about 500 people know the name of ?
Nah .
The players can be proud of their accomplishment - as they should be - but wait another 2 weeks before they giggle like school girls over a trophy .
The Modern Carrot Today
Navigation of this page : Main types - Typologies - Varieties - Visits and Events - Carrot Colours
HOT NEWS - The World Carrot Museum has the honour of having an article published in the renowned academic journal Chronica Horticulturae .
Co-authored with Jules Janick the James Troop Distinguished Professor in Horticulture , Department of Horticulture & Landscape Architecture , Purdue University .
The item is called Carrot History and Iconography a fascinating journey through the Carrot 's development from Wild to Orange and beyond .
Full copy here ( page 13 onwards ) .
Extract here .- Commercial Processing - News - Around the World - Botanical Description
The Carrot is an economically important horticultural crop that has gained popularity since world War Two ( ended 1945 ) due to increased awareness of its nutritional value .
Orange carrots are highly revered as good for the eyes due to their high content of hydrocarbon carotenoids , a class of phytochemicals that are often precursors to vitamin A. α- and β- Carotene predominate in orange carrots .
Types of Carrots - there are two distinct categories of carrot in the modern world , the Cultivated Carrot ( domesticated ) , which is detailed below , and the Wild Carrot which now has its own page .
Click here to go there .
The cultivated carrot is the second most popular vegetable in the world after the potato .
When you read the nutrition pages you will see and agree why it should be number one .
The health benefits of carrots are well established and cover a wide range in human health conditions .
In general , carrots are important for healthy eyes , skin , hair , growth , and immune systems .
They can lower cholesterol , prevent heart attacks , and help reduce the risk of certain types of cancers .
Carrots are packed with nutrients .
Botanical Description here .
In fact in England the carrot is Number One according to a survey carried out by the National Trust in 2002 .
Overall , 17 % of the 2 , 031 people in the survey opted for the carrot .
It came ahead of the potato ( 15 % ) and broccoli ( 13 % ) in a battle of the vegetable patch .
Least favourites by those questioned were Brussels Sprouts , Parsnip , Swede and Turnip .
Although , there are many different carrot varieties available , British farmers tend to grow the Nairobi variety , a berlicum - antes cross , which is reliable , damage resistant and produces a good yield .
The carrot plant is cultivated across the world for its prized taproot .
The plant is biennial and bears flowers during the second year of its life .
However , in general , the whole plant is harvested prematurely when the root reaches about an inch in diameter , tender and juicy .
Carrots vary widely in colour and shape depending on the cultivar types .
The colours are shown in the photo below and shapes and typologies lower down , with more detail on a separate page in the museum here .
Daucus is a worldwide genus of herbaceous plants of the family Apiaceae of which the best - known species is the cultivated carrot .
Daucus genus of Umbelliferae Apiaceae , has about 25 species .
The cultivated carrot , hybridised from the wild carrot , can be either an annual ( mainly in tropical areas ) or a biennial ( mainly in temperate areas ) .
It is an erect herb of 20 - 50 cm tall when mature , and 120 - 150 cm when flowering .
The taproot is fleshy , straight , conical to cylindrical , 5 - 50 cm long and 2 - 5 cm in diameter at the top , and usually orange ( other colours include : purple , yellow , or white ) .
Daucus Carota is a complex species , botanically comprising both wild and cultivated carrots .
All information within these pages refers to Daucus carota sativus , some of the varieties of which are described below .
Other members of the carrot family include : Chervil , Celery .
Celeriac , Arracacha , Fennel , Parsnip and Parsley .
Modern Market Needs
Carrots are specifically grown for particular market segments .
Nunhems , a world leading seed supply company , has a passion for carrots and has kindly produced this summary of how they use their vast knowledge of carrots to ensure customers demands are catered for .
.
Read about the British Carrot Growers Association trade field trials here .
Every year the British Carrot Association organise the Variety Demonstration and Exhibition - a trade event to show off the latest varieties and yields in the way of field trials .
Most growers and seed producers pay a visit to learn about developments and and see fro themselves to end product pulled direct from the field trial sites .
This gives an indication of potential yield , flavour and colour for next years crop planting .
Carrots are also used extensively in the food co louring industry for which the orange ( and also the black ) carrot is one of the 20 + raw materials used by GNT .
The main colour made out of carrot is red and orange .
However these are usually mixed these raw materials together with others to make all kind of variations to this colour .
GNT is the global market leader in Colouring Foods and a trusted partner to the food and beverage industry .
They provide vibrant colour shades with their EXBERRY ®
Colouring Foods , which can be used in a wide range of applications including beverages , confectionery and dairy products , to name just a few .
The possibilities are almost limitless .
Nutrifood® products , providing the concentrated goodness from fruit and vegetables , can be used to enhance product characteristics such as taste , appearance and nutritional value in many applications .
Founded in 1978 GNT is an independent , family - owned company based in the Netherlands .
( Photo Source ; GNT International B.V. ) .
Website here
As developer of colouring foods , used in the food industry by major manufacturers , they deliver 7 out of 10 major manufacturers worldwide in 70 countries .
They are proud to help the industry to deliver clean labels as they do not use any chemicals in the production process .
There are two main types of cultivated carrots :
1. Eastern / Asiatic carrots -
These are often called anthocyanin carrots because of their purple roots , although some have yellow roots .
They have pubescent leaves giving them a grey - green colour and bolt easily .
They have slightly dissected leaves , with branched roots and are an annual plant .
The greatest diversity of these carrots is found in Afghanistan , Russia , Iran and India .
These are the possible centres of domestication which took place around the 10th century .
These types of carrot are still under cultivation in Asia , but are being rapidly replaced by orange rooted Western varieties .
( Purple carrots are making a comeback click here for details ) .
2. Western or Carotene Carrots -
These have orange , red or white roots .
It is most likely these carrots derived from the first group by selection among hybrid progenies of yellow Eastern carrots , white carrots and wild subspecies grown in the Mediterranean .
the first two originated by mutation .
These have strongly dissected leaves , the roots are un - branched and they have a bright green , sparsely hairy foliage and are biennial .
These carrots may have originated in Turkey .
The western carrot is the by far the most popular carrot and can in turn be sub - divided into three groups :
1. Short - rooted varieties :
These types mature more quickly and the first to be sown .
e.g. : Amsterdam Forcing , Tiana , Early French Frame , Early Nantes , Champion Scarlet Horn .
2. Medium - rooted varieties :
The most common type of commercially grown carrots .
e.g. : Mokum ; Flakkee ; Autumn King ; Chantenay Red Cored ; Royal Chantenay .
3. Long -rooted varieties :
These are usually grown in well - prepared and deep soils : e.g. : New Red Intermediate , Saint Valery .
Photo compliments of USDA Agricultural Research Service , where researchers have selectively bred carrots with pigments that reflect almost all colours of the rainbow .
More importantly , though , they 're very good for your health .
Photo by Stephen Ausmus .
Different Typologies -
The current World production is around 25 million tonnes for an area of about one million hectares .
The main producers are China ( 1/3 of the world area ) , followed by Russia and North America .
Today there are several hundred varieties in very typologies .
( classification according to characteristics )
The Nantes type is the most widely cultivated in the world ( about 50 % of volume ) ; it has been adopted by markets demanding optimum quality roots , and its cultivation is increasing on the five continents .
Chantenay are popular in South America , Flakee in Eastern Europe and Kurodo mainly produced in Asia .
Imperator and longer carrot types are preferred in North America .
( Source for facts and graphic - Vilmorin )
Common Varieties
Details of common varieties with links to photos are now on a separate page - click here .
Many types of carrots are available , varying according to the area and climate , and every year new varieties are brought out on the market by the multi-national seed companies .
These companies try to find the perfect carrot for every market and climate .
Golf ball - type carrots ( Thumbelina ) and the slightly longer Chantenays are good for containers and heavy soils .
Short carrots also mature faster , shaving two weeks off the time it takes to put them on the table .
Nantes , Imperator and Danvers ( and Danvers Half Long ) grow up to 7 inches long and are suitable for most other soils .
If colour is an issue , Danvers Half Long and Royal Chantenay are bright orange , while Scarlet Nantes and Blaze ( an Imperator ) are deep orange , almost red .
Believe it or not -
There is a carrot variety for every letter of the alphabet and just to prove it click here to see the full list .
The maroon Carrot has been re-discovered by Dr L Pike from Texas .
Check out the full story here .
Some modern varieties from Nunhems Indigo Sunlite Creme de lite Inca Navajo Sirkana Top cut Black Knight
Here are some more examples Japanese imperial long
Thin , 9 - 12 inch roots have exceptionally fine flavour .
Noted for extreme length .
Dark orange , close to red at times .
Little Finger
A baby gourmet carrot that is tender and sweet .
A Nantes - type carrot that was developed in France for canning and pickling .
Nantes Coreless
Almost coreless cylindrical carrot with a brilliant orange colour even through the soft core .
An excellent juicer and fine freezer type .
Red Core Chantenay
The best tasting carrot .
It is a versatile , good winter keeper , in the cellar or the ground , that is tasty raw or cooked .
Becomes sweeter in storage .
Scarlet Nantes
A sweet juicer , this bright red-orange , finely - flavoured carrot contains the highest number of amino acids found in nutritional research .
Organic St Valery
Vilmorin's 1856 edition of The Vegetable Garden refers to this French heirloom as , " A large handsome variety , with great productiveness , and at the same time a fine , regular shape , and thick , sweet , tender flesh . "
Orange coloured carrots are the most popular but the vegetable is also commonly available in White , Yellow , Red and Maroon varieties .
The Maroon / purple coloured varieties are making a big comeback in English stores .
Read more here .
Carrot colours pages start here .
Commercial Carrot Processing - the ultimate aim for the commercial growers is to achieve a final product which fits the market standards .
Most large commercial carrot producers have a highly sophisticated sorting system completed by machines and men / women !
At the point of delivery from the fields the biggest rocks and waste are eliminated .
( Numbers refer to photo below ) 1 .
At all points in the process every attempt is made to avoid shocks to the roots which could cause damage to their appearance , stability and potential storage length .
High falls between the chain of events are minimised to limit breakage .
2 . Brushing is done by polishers to bring out the colours and the smoothness of the roots which do not show any more traces of dirt .
3 . Hydrocooling is the decisive step .
Roots are cooled down to the core in a few minutes .
4 . Manual sorting is still necessary to enable the human eye to spot items which are split , spotted , broken , forked , rotten or sprouted .
5 . Grading is an essential step and has become progressively more mechanised .
Grading machines facilitate packaging of identical diameter roots .
6 . Packaging is the final step before the carrots travel to market .
Again more mechanised .
The producers chance to include a marketing message to promote the products advantages , or to identify the respect of a protocol or seal of approval .
Important Note : A significant proportion of carrots are rejected during the washing and packing processes because of stringent quality requirements of supermarkets .
For example the British Carrot Growers Association estimates that around 40 % of carrot production is wasted between harvest and production , which makes it worthy of new research which is currently being undertaken by the Horticultural Development company , in the UK .
See Grimmway 's massive carrot harvester in action here .
( Youtube video )
How a typical carrot is processed to maximise use for human consumption
If you were to divide up a typical 8 and ½ inch carrot it would typically be processed in such a manner that only about the very top half inch goes to animal feed .
This is at the crown end .
The point end quarter of the remaining carrot goes to making those tiny , baby carrots .
The central portions are processed either to make standard  cut or peel baby carrots or sent for juice making .
The thickest part goes off to be processed into juice concentrate to be further sliced or diced into fresh pre-packs .
Diagrammatical Representation
How they hand weed organic carrots - A farming method pioneered in the UK , affectionately called the NUTS ( Non-Umbelliferous Targeting Sabre ) machine .
Every season an 80 strong workforce helps to hand weed our organic carrot fields .
Literally lying down on the job and facing the field , tractors pull these specially designed trailers slowly along the field beds , giving the workers adequate time to pick all the weeds .
Part of the Carrot Museum 2008 crop ( note very rare Spanish Black variety )
The shape varies from short stumps to tapering cones .
Leaves are finely dissected , twice or thrice - pinnate , segments are linear to lanceolate , 0.53 cm long .
Upper leaves are reduced , with a sheathing petiole .
Stem is striate or ridged , glabrous to hispid , up to 1 m tall .
Flowers are borne in compound , more or less globose , to 7 - cmin- diameter umbels .
Rays are numerous , bracts 1  2 pinnated , lobes linear , 710 bracteoles similar to bracts .
Flowers are white or yellowish ; the outer are usually the largest .
Sepals are minute or absent , there are five petals and stamens , ovary inferior with two cells and one ovule per cell , two styles .
Fruits are oblong , with bristly hairs along ribs , 24 mm long .
The carrot is a member of the parsley family which includes about 2,500 species such as dill , caraway , cumin , chervil , coriander , fennel , anise , parsley , parsnip , and celery .
It also includes poisonous species such a poison hemlock , water hemlock and fools parsley .
The family includes ornamentals such as sea holly , masterwort and blue lace flower .
The cultivated carrot belongs to the genus Daucus L. which contains many wild forms .
The carrot plant is indigenous to the maritime chalky soils of southern Europe but has spread widely , partly through reversion from cultivated plants .
It still prefers the sea coast climate but is strong enough to be found almost anywhere .
Carrots belong to the family Apiaceae which is characterised by having dissected leaves , umbellate inflorescences , and fruits that are schizocarps ( which split into two mericarps ) .
Several hundred varieties of carrot exist with well over 50 different seeds generally available .
The orange colour is due to a very high level of the yellow - orange plant pigment known ( reasonably enough ) as carotene .
Although almost all plants contain this yellow pigment , the more conspicuous chlorophyll pigment ( green ) usually obscures it from view .
When chlorophyll breaks down in autumn , or when a plant is suffering from poor nutrition , the underlying yellow carotene pigments of leaves become obvious .
A significant portion of fresh carrot production is used to produce fresh - cut products such as baby carrots ,  carrot coins , shreds , and sticks .
Carrots directed or consigned to fresh - cut processing are typically harvested at an immature stage for optimal texture and taste .
Fresh - cut carrots typically have a shelf - life of 3 to 4 weeks at 0 °C ( 32 °F ) and 2 to 3 weeks at 3 to 5 ºC ( 37 to 41 °F ) .
 White blush  has remained a problem for processors and shippers of fresh - cut carrots .
The superficial whiteness is caused by dehydration of the cut surface ( Cisneros - Zevallos et al. , 1995 ) .
Low storage temperature and the presence of residual surface moisture significantly delays development of this disorder .
Using sharp knives is important to reduce tissue damage and extend shelf - life ( Barry - Ryan and OBeirne , 1998 ) .
PLANT CHARACTERISTICS
Overview D. carota var sativus is a herbaceous biennial plant grown as an annual .
In the first year , seedlings emerge with two strap - like leaves which are the cotyledons , followed by rosettes of doubly compound leaves arising from the crown .
From the hypocotyl , a tap root develops .
Initially , the plant produces top growth , which supplies carbohydrates to the swelling hypocotyl .
High temperatures increase respiration in the leaves which reduces color development and sugar accumulation .
Low temperature initiates flower development and reduces carbohydrate accumulation in the hypocotyl .
Most often , the plant will not initiate a flower head until the second year of growth and a chilling period .
The inflorescence is an umbel , with individual flowers maturing at staggering intervals .
Cross-pollination is essential for seed development .
The Apiaceae family derives its name from its affinity for attracting bees , which are the primary pollinator .
D. carota seeds are tiny , and are covered with a fleshy mericarp that must be removed prior to seeding .
Due to cross-pollination , variability is great in plants .
Root System
A tap root system develops from the hypocotyl with secondary lateral roots branching from the xylem .
Together , the hypocotyl and the tap root form the  Carrot Root ' .
At the center of the root is the light colored and more woody xylem surrounded by the deep orange and sugar loaded phloem .
The periderm skin is composed of suberin and other waxy substances .
Optimum root growth occurs at 60 - 70 °F .
Temperatures into the 50s will affect the color development and favor longer , more slender roots .
Temperatures above 70 °F will cause shorter , thicker roots with a stronger flavor , but less sugar .
During flower initiation , the hypocotyl crown shrinks as carbohydrates and water content is shifted to support flower development and the overall root diameter becomes slender .
Leaves
A tight rosette of leaves arises from the crown after the emergence of the characteristic cotyledonary leaves .
Two kinds of leaves are formed .
The lower leaves are pinnate and linear or lanceolet , and are fine and lacy in appearance .
The upper leaves are smaller and less divided .
Leaves in the second year of growth arise from the crown and along the elongated stem .
Flower Vernalization of the plant or seed induces formation of the inflorescence .
Vernalization period is up to 6 to 8 weeks at temperatures below 50 °F .
Several cycles of flowering occur , producing umbel shaped inflorescence .
The first inflorescence is the largest , and is termed the king umbel , followed by the queen and other secondary umbels .
The white flowers are perfect , and require cross-pollination for seed set .
Male sterile hybrids are often used as a seed source to decrease variability .
Seed Seeds are formed from carpels .
They are tiny and covered with a spiny , hooked , and slightly curved mericarp .
The mericarp contains a characteristic oil which inhibits seed germination , requiring the removal of the mericarp before planting .
Seeds are highly variable due to cross-pollination and have undergone extensive breeding programs to increase uniformity .
Hybridization , however , has not produced consistent results .
Seed development and vigor are determined by the conditions under which they are formed .
A larger seed ( embryo ) will have a more rapid emergence and produce a stronger seedling .
This is important in that the seed is slow to germinate and the young seedling is slow in the initial growth phase .
There are approximately 23,000 seeds per ounce .
See more photos of common varieties supplied by Thompson and Morgan the leading seed suppliers in the US and UK .
Click here .
BUY YOUR SEEDS HERE :
Visits and Events
John 's visits to UK carrot producers / packers and growers profiles : ( click on title to see photos and more information )
Huntapac - John also took a personal guided tour of Huntapac one of the leading carrot packers in England and suppliers to the major supermarkets in the UK .
Poskitts , one of the leading supermarket suppliers .
Hobsons , growing carrots for the food processing industry .
Cooks carrots in Lancashire supply many wholesale market , processing plants and local shops with their top quality produce - .
Another well respected carrot grower in Britain is P Caunce & Son at Brow Farm. at Brow Farm ( yet to be visited ! ) .
Potts Master Bakers - John had the privilege of having a personal guided tour of the leading baker of organic carrot cake , supplied to major supermarkets in the UK .
It is , naturally , based in Yorkshire !
Not only does it supply the trade , but also larger shops , restaurants and hotels .
Quite an operation !
This is Organics
Tio ( This is organics )
Ltd is one of the leading organic food producers and suppliers in the UK and one of the largest growers of organic carrots in the UK and Europe .
Organic carrots are their core product which are supplied year round .
For approximately 10 months of the year carrots are grown in Scotland .
A farming method pioneered by this company is affectionately known as the NUTS ( Non-Umbelliferous Targeting Sabre ) machine ( shown right ) .
Every season an 80 strong workforce helps to hand weed our organic carrot fields .
Literally lying down on the job and facing the field , the tractors pull these specially designed trailers slowly along the field beds , giving the workers adequate time to pick all the weeds .
Grimmways - the largest carrot producer in the USA ( visited in February 2015 - photos here )
Grimmway Farms is dedicated to providing good value , consistent quality and dependable service to fulfill customers  needs - those guiding principles have enabled our company to conduct business with integrity for more than 40 years ..
The story of Grimmway began in 1968 , when brothers Rod and Bob Grimm set up a roadside produce stand and planted the seed that would blossom into todays Grimmway Farms .
Ten years later , the brothers moved north to Kern County , where the family business took root and prospered from their dedication to product quality and customer service .
For more than 45 years , our commitment to that promise continues to be upheld as a top priority .
Grimmway Farms  dedication to consistent quality and dependable service has made them the global leader in our industry .
Grimmway Farms has grown to become not only one of the largest growers , producers and shippers of carrots in the world but also a leading supplier of organic produce , potatoes and carrot juice concentrate .
Beginning with our founders  farm stand in 1968 , At Grimmway Farms , their commitment to customers is to continue to offer unsurpassed quality , innovative products and packaging ; and to employ strict safety standards and extensive sustainability programs and practices .
-
See more at : http://www.grimmway.com/carrots/about-grimmway/#sthash.Jv2Dby28.dpuf
In 1985 Grimmways moved the carrot processing plant to Bakersfield , CA wherethe climate enables two annual carrot crops .
Grimmways grow carrots in a variety of regions in California to ensure ideal growing conditions year round .
Carrots thrive in the sandy , loamy soils of California .
These soils , combined with the ideal California climate ( 75° to 85 °days and cool nights 50° to 60° ) , provide the optimal growing conditions .
As a result , they transition growing areas throughout Central and Southern California to ensure just - picked carrots are delivered to their customers for every season .
-
See more at : http://www.grimmway.com/carrots/our-process/where-we-grow/#sthash.KkFgthOL.dpuf
Grimmways website here .
Bolthouse Farms - the second largest producer in the USA ( visited in February 2015 - photos here )
Rooted in Quality , thanks to nearly 100 years of working the land , Bolthouse have a hard - won wisdom and passionate commitment to providing superior , fresher products .
Motivated by the Greater Good Community is their top priority and are driven as much by the health of their families as they are the health of the country and the world .
For that reason , they never stop learning and partnering with others who share their cause and passions .
Bolthouse believe in the power of innovation to connect people with fresher food .
That 's why they add a punch of creativity to everything they do  from farming to product development to marketing conversation .
95 years experience of farming with creativity and innovation .
The results : high - quality products made as much of fresh thinking as fresh ingredients .
We are partners on a journey to change the way people think about and use fresh fruits and veggies .
We will help inspire people to lead healthier , more vibrant lives .
People know they should make healthier food choices , but it 's not always easy .
We believe everyone deserves healthy food that 's more accessible , available and affordable .
Bolthouse website here - The Bolthouse Q and A section is here .
Events Countryside Days at the Yorkshire Showground .
- every June gthe Museum puts on a show to teach kids about all aspects of carrots .
They get to plant their own carrot seed and have the unique experience of a tour of Museum exhibits .
2 days +240 kids= GREAT FUN !!
The Museum has now taken part in Countryside Days for the past 5 years .
Springtime Live is another Yorkshire Show ground event , in the Spring ( duh ! ) which gives families an opportunity to learn about what happens in the countryside early in the year and take part in various craft and art activities .
Some photos of the Carrot Museum stand here .
The Carrot Museum Road Show has had exhibitions at the Royal Horticultural Society , Harlow Carr Gardens for the past two years .
Visit the dedicated pages here .
Talks to schools , local societies and institutions are given on a regular basis , please e-mail the Museum if you would like a show or talk about carrots .
History Wild Carrot Today Nutrition Cultivation Recipes Trivia Links Home Contact - SITE SEARCH
Things to consider for a beginner when buying computer graphics card is to assess the facts surrounding what you want from a computer graphics card .
What is your desire is it the quality or the price or what kinds of games which you would like to play ?
The high - end Specs much better prioritized and these things need to be sorted out .
What About the Computer Graphics C ard That Came In Your PC ?
The cost on a computer card can range between $ 100 - $ 500 , depending on caliber and the kind .
1 question that you may have is whether or not is adequate .
For Higher Gaming –
The reply to that is that if you ’re interested in quality gaming that is higher is not adequate .
Bear in mind that if your settings demonstrate 128MB , this might not be the case , because of the fact that because of how ram may shares it .
Your Initial Task At Hand – The Bottom Line – A basic guideline is that when the games that you ’re interested in playing are old , real - time strategy or multi- purpose online games , your card might , in reality , be more than adequate .
However ; then you will require a pc graphics card if your curious lie in for instance shooter games , Action - adventure , Sports , Simulation , Strategy , Racing , Action RPG and much more .
Your first order is to ascertain the MB level your computer graphics card has .
Your next step is to ascertain how many MB after that task was completed .
Keep in mind that most of the computer games that are better do require a capacity for memory .
For naive watch video below about Graphic Card .
http://spidergl.org
The major oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has taken a huge toll on BP ’s sharevalue – almost halving it since the spill began in mid-April .
It is of great importance to the FTSE index of 100 leading companies and the country ’s pension funds – but what impact will the decline in value have in practice ?
What has happened to my BP shares ?
Financially speaking , the most direct impact has been on BP shareholders who have seen the value of their shares halve since the spill on 20 April .
The impact on BP ’s share price has two main drivers .
Firstly , concerns over the eventual cost of the spill , which is far from clear .
The amount is rising by the day and no - one knows how big or how long the clean - up operation itself will be .
Even harder to quantify is the eventual bill for compensation to businesses and workers affected by the spill and fines that the US government has said BP will have to pay .
Secondly , there are fears that the company could cut its dividend ( the quarterly payment it makes to shareholders ) .
It is under intense pressure in the US not to pay the next one until the full extent of the spill is known .
You can add a third , too , and that is the usual nervousness investors display when any company suffers adverse publicity or uncertainty surrounds its future .
What about the dividend ?
The first thing to point out is that BP has not yet changed its dividend policy .
Current BP shareholders will get the latest dividend ( about 9.5 pence per share ) on 21 June .
But BP has said it is considering what to do about the next dividend , which it is due to announce on 27 July .
If it does decide to not pay it or to defer it , this will clearly affect BP shareholders , some of whom may have chosen BP because it has in the past been a regular dividend payer .
I ’m saving into a pension .
Will this affect me ?
Many BP shareholders will be pension funds .
So the fall in the value of its shares and any cut in the dividend will have an impact .
The question is how big .
Pension funds nowadays only have about 25 % of their money invested in UK shares ( most of which is in the FTSE 100 index ) .
The rest is in the likes of overseas shares and bonds .
So the National Association of Pension Funds ( NAPF ) , which represents a large part of the UK pension industry , estimates that 1.5 % of members ’ money is invested in BP .
You could use the same sort of rough arithmetic on dividend income , too .
£ 1 in every £ 7 of dividend income from FTSE 100 companies comes from BP .
But , as described above , pension funds have many more sources of income than the FTSE 100 .
And that ’s one pound in every seven paid to all investors – many of which will be outside the UK .
BP ’s own research says it accounts for 8 % of UK pension fund income .
The NAPF is not trying to say there is minimal impact on pension funds , but to put it in some kind of perspective .
I have already retired .
Could my pension be affected , too ?
If you are already receiving your pension after saving hard for years , recent falls in BP shares or any cut in the dividend will not affect the income you receive .
That ’s the same whether you are in your former employer ’s final - salary scheme , which guarantees to pay a percentage of your last salary , or if you have already bought an annuity with a private pension pot .
It wo n’t , of course , affect the state pension either .
And if you are nearing retirement , do n’t forget that most funds switch out of shares as retirement draws near .
What about other investments ?
BP is likely to feature in a wide range of popular investments , from FTSE 100 index tracker funds , which are far and away the most popular type of share investment , to unit trusts and Child Trust Funds .
You may well have exposure without knowing it .
So is it time to sell my BP shares or get out of related investments ?
A decision for you , I ’m afraid , and not something we can advise on .
Bear in mind some investments may incur penalties if you want to get your money out early .
Can it not afford to pay a dividend anymore ?
If BP decides not to pay the next dividend , it probably wo n’t be because it ca n’t afford it .
BP ’s latest assessment of the costs to date are $ 1.43 bn ( £ 1 bn ) .
Chief executive Tony Hayward said in an interview a couple of weeks ago the total cost would be $ 2 - 3 bn .
Most experts agree the long - term costs will probably be a lot higher .
BP has a strong balance sheet with relatively low levels of borrowing – it can afford to borrow a lot more if it needs to .
And the current oil price is well above BP ’s cautious long - term assumptions so plenty of cash is being generated .
As direct action goes , it was pretty simple and low - tech but Tony Fuller 's campaign against lorries steaming through his Dorset village has drawn attention to his cause .
Fed up with lorry drivers – not to mention the commuters – zooming past , Fuller and his supporters have taken to repeatedly pressing the button at a pedestrian crossing , causing the lights to turn red and the traffic to rumble to a halt .
The protest on Friday caused a four - mile tailback on the A35 , the situation exacerbated by bank holiday traffic .
Fuller said he and a further 20 protesters were warned by police .
But the 77 - year - old insisted he would go to jail rather than stop the protest , and today he headed back to the crossing in Chideock , near Bridport , to repeat the exercise .
" It 's fair to say we 've had a mixed response from drivers , " he said .
" Some beep in support , but then there are some who generally give us the one - finger salute and shout aggressively .
" There has been a very angry reaction from some of the businesses along the road , but we are going to do it again .
" I have had a warning from police , who told me I was inadvertently causing an obstruction .
They say we are blocking the roadway but we are letting traffic through between each individual crossing .
" We did it for two half - hour stints last Friday at 10 am and 2 pm , so commuters should have already passed through . "
Fuller said that even if he had to continue the protest alone he would do so : " If it came to it I would go to jail .
I have to make this protest .
" The traffic is horrendous and causing older buildings to subside .
Lorries pass within 6ft of my window , and I have seen as many as 12 in convoy .
We are in a valley , too , so the pollution just sits here .
I can feel it in my lungs when I walk down to the shops . "
Fuller , a retired Rolls - Royce fitter , said his " hand was forced " after he wrote 50 protest letters to the council , police and his MP .
He said : " I understand this may not be making us very popular , but this really is the last resort for us . "
South Australian police are continuing their search for the leaders of an international doomsday cult after they uncovered a stockpile of weapons and explosives during raids of the group 's compounds yesterday .
About 90 police searched 12 properties in Adelaide used by Agape Ministries , finding guns , fuses , detonators , detonator cords and 20,000 rounds of ammunition - some of which were hidden in the steel frames of bed - heads .
But Superintendent Jim Jeffery of South Australian Police 's Commercial and Electronic Crime Branch said it was not yet known why the group was amassing weapons .
" The reason for stockpiling and hiding this ammunition clearly needs to be ascertained , " Superintendent Jeffrey told reporters yesterday .
Four men were arrested and charged with firearms offences , but police are still hunting for the leader of the sect , Rocco Leo , and two other senior members .
May 19 , 2010
The Tea Partiers claim to be " grassroots " -- but there 's no grass or roots about them .
YESTERDAY'S PRIMARY elections across the country were another occasion for one of the media 's favorite pastimes :
Spend hours of airtime and acres of newsprint drawing attention to every person or event remotely connected to the right - wing Tea Partiers -- and then devote hours more to speculating about how the " remarkable prominence " of the Tea Party " movement " shows that we live in a " Tea Party nation . "
The spotlight election on Tuesday for Republicans was the primary to select the GOP nominee for a U.S. Senate seat in Kentucky .
Rand Paul , the son of Texas libertarian Republican Ron Paul , ran against a candidate handpicked by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and supported by figures from the GOP establishment like Dick Cheney .
Paul 's Tea Party - fueled campaign won by a comfortable margin .
Paul had his sound bite ready for media commentators waiting to pontificate about how the Tea Partiers were shaking up the national political scene .
" We 've come to take our government back , " Paul said .
" This Tea Party movement is a message to Washington that we 're unhappy and that we want things done differently . "
Rand Paul speaks to supporters in Northern Kentucky during the campaign ( Greg Skidmore )
Another obvious explanation for Paul 's decisive win is the fact that incumbents and establishment - backed candidates are having a tough time everywhere in Election 2010 .
That was clear from the marquee race on the Democratic side , where Pennsylvania Sen.
Arlen Spector -- the 80 - year - old ( more than a third of those 80 years spent in the Senate ) Republican - turned - Democrat , with national Democratic Party leaders like Bill Clinton shilling for votes for him -- got beaten by challenger Joe Sestak , who defied the party machinery .
Even when they acknowledged the anti-incumbent trend , though , the media still let Paul and his supporters get away with claiming to be right - wing rebels , challenging the powers that be in Washington in the name of ordinary Americans .
During the campaign , Paul told a crowd of supporters : " [ S ] ome people say , ' When you win the primary , you 'll have to run away from the Tea Party . '
I think the Tea Party represents a very mainstream message . "
" Mainstream " is n't the word we 'd use .
Taking much of his platform from the Tea Party 's " Contract from America , " Paul favors raising the age for retirees to receive Social Security and getting rid of the U.S. Department of Education so state governments can decide how to spend education funds .
But there 's no doubt that the Tea Party crackpots are making their presence felt within the Republican Party .
At a state GOP convention in Utah earlier this month , incumbent Sen. Bob Bennett -- a conservative stalwart , anti-abortion , pro-oil drilling , anti-immigrant , anti-civil liberties -- all but pleaded for the nomination to run again , but came in third to two Tea Partiers .
Also this month in Maine , state Republicans adopted a new platform that includes abolishing the Federal Reserve , denouncing global warming as a " myth , " sealing the U.S. border and fighting " efforts to create a one - world government . "
The Republican Party establishment is caught between opposing the Tea Partiers in places like Kentucky , but appeasing them elsewhere to build electoral support .
For example , in Arizona , Sen .
John McCain , known as a mainstream figure within the GOP and long at odds with the right wing , is begging for Tea Party votes by beating the drums about immigrants causing crime as part of his re-election campaign .
Here 's what the former coauthor , with Sen .
Ted Kennedy , of immigration reform legislation had to say in a campaign ad where he strolls the U.S. - Mexico border with Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu :
McCain : Drug and human smuggling , home invasions , murder ...
Babeu :
We 're outmanned .
Of all the illegals that come to America , almost half come through Arizona .
McCain :
Have we got the right plan ?
Babeu :
The plan 's perfect , you bring troops , state , county and local law enforcement together .
McCain : And complete the danged fence .
Babeu :
It 'll work this time .
Senator , you 're one of us .
Yeah , " one of us " -- and " us " includes Babeu 's friend , Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , the anti-immigrant fanatic who Babeu worked with last summer conducting raids throughout the area , with hundreds of detainees held in tent cities .
" I 'm proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with Sheriff Joe , " Babeu told a local newspaper at the time .
" It 's much more complex , and we have to talk about this without being called racist . "
Of course , McCain 's former running mate , Sarah Palin , is also making hay out of the Tea Party phenomenon .
Freed from the drudgery of her former job of Alaska governor , Palin spent recent weeks traveling the country in support of hard - right Republican candidates -- right before she collected her exorbitant speaking fees , of course .
PALIN AND the other Tea Partiers claim that they are at the front of growing movement swelling up from the " grassroots . "
But the plain truth is that the Tea Party activists do n't speak for the majority of the American public .
First , there 's very little grass or roots about the Tea Partiers .
The movement has plenty of veteran Republican operatives pulling the strings -- because they see in the Tea Party an effective way of tapping into the Republican base that was discouraged by the 2008 election .
As a recent article at Pollster.com about the Indiana Tea Party concluded :
The Tea Party is popular because it has provided aggrieved Republicans with a " reset " button unconnected to the past .
Rather than voicing their frustrations by placing " Do n't Blame Me! I Voted for McCain ! " bumper stickers on their cars ( which we do not expect to see soon in Indiana or elsewhere ) , the development of the Tea Party has operated as a convenient vehicle for Republican grievances that is unconnected to the unpopular end of the Bush era .
The media may allow the Tea Partiers to get away with claiming to be " mainstream , " but they are n't .
To start with , polls show that a majority of people in the U.S. support Social Security , public education and unemployment insurance -- a stark contrast with the positions of the Tea Party right .
If the Tea Partiers ' hardened right - wing ideas get any hearing outside the base of the Republican Party , it 's because the Democratic Party has failed to offer an alternative that could marginalize the Tea Partiers .
Instead of confronting the right 's racist and anti-working class positions , the Democrats have conceded the ideological ground on one issue after another .
The Republican Party may be the first choice of Corporate America , but the Obama administration 's fronting for the bailout of Wall Street has made it clear that the Democrats are every bit the defenders of Corporate America .
Arlen Specter was n't the only candidate of the Democratic establishment to feel the heat yesterday .
In Arkansas , Sen. Blanche Lincoln was forced into a runoff election for the Democratic nomination to run for another term .
One of the chief issues of the campaign was Lincoln 's flip - flop on the issue of the public option during the health care debate and reneging on support for the pro-labor Employee Free Choice Act .
LINCOLN AND Specter are hardly the only Democrats who are out of touch with voters .
Dissatisfaction with the status quo across the U.S. is peeling away support from the " party of the people . "
According to a Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll released last week , more than a third of Democrats feel their party members in Congress are " more concerned about the interests of large corporations " than those of average Americans .
That sentiment is a recipe for demoralization among the Democrats ' liberal base -- and for supporters on the right - wing end of the party 's spectrum to be pulled toward even more conservative ideas .
Thus , the right 's scaremongering and scapegoating about immigration -- unanswered by the Democrats and sometimes even echoed by them - - can get a hearing .
As a result , a Pew Research Center poll on support for Arizona 's anti-immigrant law SB 1070 found that 59 percent of people say they approve of the law , and 32 percent disapprove .
But this sentiment is n't a foregone conclusion .
The same Pew poll also showed that fewer than half of people under the age of 30 approved of the Arizona law , and 47 percent disapproved .
The way to challenge and push back the right is n't to concede and be more moderate , but to stand up to the bigotry and show that there is an alternative to the Tea Partiers that has an answer for the desperate concerns of working people in the U.S.
That answer wo n't come from the Democratic Party , but from struggles and movements throughout U.S. society .
Thus , the protests , calls for boycotts and other actions against Arizona 's SB 1070 will do much more than any election in giving voice to the sentiment to oppose racism and discrimination .
History is full of examples that show a similar dynamic .
The efforts of activists during the civil right movement of the 1960s moved mountains with respect to Americans ' views abut race and discrimination .
It was the mass movement that turned the tide on Jim Crow segregation , not the politicians .
The same kind of struggle today can reverse anti-immigrant sentiment .
Similar action is needed on many other issues , from demanding jobs to defending abortion rights .
A bold response to Arizona 's apartheid - style anti-immigrant laws can provide a fighting example for all of them .
That 's why it 's so important to build the national Day of Action on May 29 to protest SB 1070 .
By taking a stand for the rights of immigrants , we can help build the kind of movement that can push back the right .
You could write off this sort of thing as the invention of drunken frat boys , but trust us :
The weirdest rituals go way beyond that .
We 've always been a little confused by the concept of the initiation ritual .
There are organizations all over the world where somehow proving your worth as a new member involves some kind of arbitrary , ridiculous and humiliating ceremony .
They 're often disgusting , vaguely sexual and never have anything to do with your qualifications as a prospective member .
5 Bohemian Grove
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Let 's play a game .
You jot down your top 10 list of secretive Californian encampments which cater exclusively to the most influential men in the world .
If the hush - hush Bohemian Grove campground is at the tippy top of your list , congratulations , you win a vial of newborn baby monkey blood .
We 've got sooo much of it laying around .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And if your paper is empty , you still win , because that just means you do n't spend your days cramming conspiracy theories or their derivative porn into your foil - covered head .
Good for you .
The Bohemian Club is a San Francisco based gentlemen 's club , but not the kind you think of when you read " San Francisco based gentlemen 's club . "
This gentlemen's club fills its rolls with the world 's most influential and powerful men-- including every Republican president since 1923 , and some of the Democratic ones , along with prominent captains of industry .
Even after the Bohemians are invited , they often have to wait a solid 15 years to get in the door .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But once they get in , Bohemian Club members are asked to participate in a three week encampment at a rustic bit of woods called Bohemian Grove , where they spend their days learning how to fly cast , singing in campfire hootenannies and forging bonds of friendship with other world leaders , businessmen and the ghost of Charlton Heston .
Richard Nixon was once heard calling the whole experience -- no joke - -" faggy . "
Gaaaaaaaaaaay .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Despite the Meatballs - esque itinerary , serious stuff has happened because of these friendships .
Most famously , the initial plans for the Manhattan Project were allegedly hashed out in between all the kumbaya - ing and fly fishing .
So , to reiterate :
The blueprint for the 20th century 's most horrifying weapon , the monstrosity which made the Cold War possible and killed over 200,000 Japanese people , was likely begun on Bohemian Grove grounds .
Keep that in mind when you read about ...
TheStreet.com
With tens of thousands of airline sector jobs potentially at risk as of today , lawmakers in Washington could be inching closer to a coronavirus relief bill that could be worth more than $ 1.5 trillion .
Back in 1990 it was pretty easy to cross the border .
We crossed right next to where the immigration officer was checking passports .
Right next to it was like a big hole in the fence .
It was so funny because he just stared at the side and said , “ No , no , no , go back . ”
And then people just waited until he would get distracted so they could cross .
But we were stopped within like 10 minutes .
So we had to go back home , and I was excited because I really did n’t want to come , because I had a girlfriend .
And then two weeks later we tried again and we made it that time .
The second time we did n’t cross through the hole ; we had to jump over the fence .
And then when we got into the city , I was like , “ Oh , my God . ” I was in the United States , you know , looking at all the buildings and everything .
And then we got into the apartment .
I was expecting a big house with nice furniture , but it was totally different .
It was my dad , my mom , my older brother , a family friend , my other older brother , myself and my little sister living in this studio .
Because when I was a little kid and I used to read the letters my dad used to send to my mom , I mean you dream and imagine things .
I imagined like they were living in this big house .
We were little kids and we were dreaming about having the family all together finally .
In fact , my dad abandoned us for another woman months after he brought us here .
Even though he left , he continued helping us with our documents .
He submitted the applications for legal status and when he married that other woman that sped up the process because she is a U.S. citizen .
Roxana Bacon , lawyer , Phoenix ( now chief counsel for United States Citizenship and Immigration Services , in Washington )
When you think about the sort of rhetoric of hate — it assumes that everybody ’s packing their bags and racing north .
It ’s just not the case , and the kind of people who choose to immigrate are really people who look a lot like the American ideals .
They ’re ambitious .
They ’re fairly self - confident .
They ’re risk - takers .
They ’re kind of strong , hearty people .
They ’re usually driven because they want to protect their families , which are on the borderline of really falling apart because there ’s actually no way to make any money in the country they ’re sitting in .
That ’s the majority and then there ’s a new stratum globally — very successful , capable professionals who move around mostly in the science and engineering fields .
Image Credit ... Eduardo Sarmiento
Our housing industry , our service industry , our gardening , landscape industry , you name it — it ’s been dependent for decades on Mexican labor .
None of those people qualify for an employment - based visa .
So when the hate mongers say , “ Why ca n’t they wait in line ?
Why ca n’t they get a visa ? ” — there are n’t any visas to get !
There ’s no line to wait in !
And that ’s why everyone who knows this area of law says without comprehensive immigration reform you really are n’t going to solve any of these pop-up issues .
The cobra is an example of " evolutionary remodelling " Scientists have uncovered the mechanism behind the menacing " hood flare " which cobras use as a defensive display .
By measuring the electrical activity from the snakes ' muscles , they found the precise group of muscles used by cobras to raise their hoods .
The researchers say that the cobra's hood evolved as its ribs were " co-opted " to be used in this visual display .
They report their findings in the Journal of Experimental Biology Kenneth Kardong , professor of zoology from Washington State University in the US , was one of the authors of the study .
He explained that the cobra's hood was " an intriguing problem in evolutionary biology " .
Snake ribs
" In the cobra , both the [ rib bones ] and the muscles that work them are deployed to erect this visual display , " he explained to BBC News .
" We wanted to examine the way in which the ribs were ' freed up ' to rotate into this presentation position , and to understand how the muscles were able to accomplish that and return them to a relaxed position . "
To do this , the researchers took measurements of electrical activity from all of the muscles in the cobra 's neck .
The cobra 's skeleton reveals how its ribs have been " co-opted " for display
They had to embark on some very tricky surgery to implant tiny electrodes into the snake 's neck muscles , with the animal very carefully anaesthetised .
Bruce Young from the University of Massachusetts Lowell , who also took part in the study , said that doing the surgery was " the riskiest part of the study " .
" You have to work around the head but the snakes are prone to waking , which can be disconcerting , " he explained .
Once the electrodes were in place , the scientists waited for the snake to recover before filming and recording the muscle activity as the animal flared its neck .
They found that just eight muscles were involved in " hooding " and that they were muscles that were also present in non-hooding snakes .
" This is an example of evolution 's remodelling [ as ] derived species emerge , " said Dr Kardong .
" There 's been a change in the nervous system 's control over these muscles . "
Professor
Young explained that cobras were not the only snakes to hood .
" Several groups of unrelated snakes show almost identical defensive behaviour , " he said .
He now hopes to study how these other snakes raise their hoods .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Portal Sportske Kladionice
Da li bi voleli da na jednom sajtu možete pročitati veliki broj raznovrsnih informacija vezano za sportsko klađenje ?
Na pravom ste mestu !
Dobrodošli na portal Sportske kladionice .
Tim ljudi iza ovog portala se trudi da vam približi sportsko klađenje i da vas edukuje o važnim stvarima vezano za ovu atraktivnu zanimaciju .
Počev od osnovnih stvari koje možete pronaći u našem rečniku kladioničarskih termina , pa do nekih vrlo naprednih strategija sportskog klađenja kao što je matched betting .
Celokupan portal Sportske kladionice je zamišljen kao sigurno mesto , gde sportski kladioničari mogu da dođu i da se opuste , pročitaju zanimljive sadržaje i da usput nauče nešto novo .
Mi pratimo svetske trendove vezano za sportske kladionice i pored klasičnih edukativnih članaka , nudimo vam i tekstove vezano za strategije klađenja i sisteme klađenja , kao i tekstove o stvarima koje potencijalno mogu biti opasne za neiskusne sportske kladioničare .
Osim edukativnog sadržaja , na našem sajtu možete pročitati apsolutno iskrene i krajnje objektivne recenzije sportskih kladionica iz regiona i sveta , te na taj način možete videti koje su prednosti , a koje mane određenih brendova iz industrije sportskog klađenja .
Naš tim nikada neće dati pozitivnu ocenu sportskoj kladionici koja to ne zaslužuje , zarad jeftinih poena i to je nešto čime se tim portala Sportske kladionice ponosi .
Na kraju , ali ne i najmanje važno , na portalu Sportske kladionice možete apsolutno besplatno pročitati analize sportskih utakmica sa predlozima za klađenje .
Svi naši tipovi su informativnog karaktera , ali ako ste naš redovan čitalac , onda znate da su naši eksperti više nego uspešni i da do sada nakon nekoliko meseci imamo konstantan procenat pogodaka od preko 65 % .
Osim dnevnih tipova , ponekad na našem sajtu možete pronaći i kombinovane tikete , kojima pokušavamo da ostvarimo dodatni profit i zaradu na sportskoj kladionici .
NAPOMENA : vaše mišljenje nam je izuzetno važno , te ukoliko imate bilo kakvo pitanje , sugestiju ili kritiku , molimo vas da nas kontaktirate putem komentara ili e-maila .
Najnoviji postovi
First Preference Count Reported Votes Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 9438 24.5 - 24.2 GRN 4678 12.1 +6.6 - 766 2.0 +2.0 LIB 19856 51.5 +18.9 ORP 721 1.9 +1.9 DEM 358 0.9 ..
CDP 1692 4.4 - 1.8 IND 1047 2.7 +2.7 OTH 0 0.0 -6.1 38556 1282 3.2 39838 86.0
2- Candidate Preferred Count Reported Votes Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 11009 33.5 - 25.7 LIB 21831 66.5 +25.7
Primary votes for all 24 booths have been reported .
2CP votes for all 24 booths have been reported .
Labor Results and Swing by Booth First Preferences After Preferences 2007 2010 Swing 2007 2010 Swing 35.1 14.1 - 21.0 51.1 24.0 - 27.1 44.5 20.4 - 24.1 59.3 35.6 - 23.7 55.6 29.4 - 26.2 66.5 39.8 - 26.7 46.8 23.0 -23.9 57.3 31.7 - 25.5 44.7 23.5 - 21.1 53.3 30.5 - 22.8 35.1 15.9 - 19.2 52.2 29.5 - 22.7 52.5 25.7 -26.8 60.3 33.6 - 26.7 52.5 22.9 - 29.6 60.7 31.1 - 29.6 47.1 25.8 - 21.2 54.6 34.7 - 19.9 54.5 30.9 - 23.6 67.0 40.3 - 26.7 55.1 27.4 -27.8 67.1 39.8 - 27.3 55.5 29.3 - 26.2 65.0 39.8 - 25.2 34.8 16.0 - 18.8 49.6 27.5 - 22.1 37.0 17.0 - 20.0 44.7 22.4 -22.3 47.9 22.4 -25.5 57.0 30.2 - 26.8 63.7 33.2 -30.5 74.3 42.0 -32.3 52.1 27.8 - 24.3 64.4 38.4 - 26.0 52.1 28.2 -23.9 64.3 36.6 - 27.7 51.1 27.8 - 23.2 59.1 36.2 - 22.9 52.2 24.3 -27.9 62.7 32.5 -30.2 52.5 26.3 - 26.2 63.0 36.1 - 26.9 49.8 24.6 - 25.2 58.1 30.9 - 27.2 48.1 24.8 -23.3 57.0 33.2 - 23.9 53.2 24.7 -28.5 62.9 36.7 - 26.2
Results by Polling Place
Blaxland East Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 124 14.1 - 21.0 GRN 191 21.7 +10.5 - 4 0.5 +0.5 LIB 454 51.6 +15.9 ORP 20 2.3 +2.3 DEM 7 0.8 - 0.4 CDP 65 7.4 - 2.3 IND 15 1.7 +1.7 OTH 0 0.0 - 7.0 880 33 3.6 913
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 172 24.0 - 27.1 LIB 545 76.0 +27.1
Blaxland High Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 126 20.4 - 24.1 GRN 137 22.2 +12.2 - 9 1.5 +1.5 LIB 282 45.7 +16.3 ORP 4 0.6 +0.6 DEM 6 1.0 - 0.5 CDP 32 5.2 - 4.4 IND 21 3.4 +3.4 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.0 617 19 3.0 636
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 180 35.6 - 23.7 LIB 326 64.4 +23.7
Braddock Public Cranebrook Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 828 29.4 - 26.2 GRN 337 12.0 +7.8 - 100 3.6 +3.6 LIB 1293 45.9 +19.3 ORP 56 2.0 +2.0 DEM 21 0.7 +0.2 CDP 104 3.7 - 1.2 IND 77 2.7 +2.7 OTH 0 0.0 - 8.1 2816 133 4.5 2949
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 938 39.8 - 26.7 LIB
1419 60.2 +26.7
Emu Heights Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 376 23.0 - 23.9 GRN 183 11.2 +5.6 - 29 1.8 +1.8 LIB 855 52.2 +19.6 ORP 37 2.3 +2.3 DEM 16 1.0 +0.3 CDP 108 6.6 - 2.2 IND 34 2.1 +2.1 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.6 1638 49 2.9 1687
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 445 31.7 - 25.5 LIB 957 68.3 +25.5
Emu Plains Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 619 23.5 - 21.1 GRN 269 10.2 +6.1 - 56 2.1 +2.1 LIB 1464 55.7 +17.7 ORP 36 1.4 +1.4 DEM 20 0.8 +0.1 CDP 119 4.5 - 2.3 IND 47 1.8 +1.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.8 2630 69 2.6 2699
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 702 30.5 - 22.8 LIB
1603 69.5 +22.8
Glenbrook Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 333 15.9 - 19.2 GRN 505 24.2 +10.7 - 31 1.5 +1.5 LIB 1010 48.4 +13.1 ORP 24 1.1 +1.1 DEM 29 1.4 - 0.5 CDP 118 5.7 - 2.7 IND 38 1.8 +1.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.8 2088 43 2.0 2131
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 491 29.5 - 22.7 LIB
1171 70.5 +22.7
Jamison High Penrith Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 1027 25.7 - 26.8 GRN 362 9.1 +5.8 - 74 1.9 +1.8 LIB
2120 53.0 +19.6 ORP 93 2.3 +2.3 DEM 34 0.9 +0.3 CDP 150 3.8 - 1.2 IND 140 3.5 +3.5 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.4 4000 170 4.1 4170
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 1159 33.6 - 26.7 LIB 2294 66.4 +26.7
Jamisontown Public Penrith Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 356 22.9 - 29.6 GRN 168 10.8 +7.5 - 30 1.9 +1.9 LIB 821 52.8 +20.4 ORP 35 2.3 +2.3 DEM 16 1.0 +0.1 CDP 55 3.5 - 1.8 IND 74 4.8 +4.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.6 1555 57 3.5 1612
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 411 31.1 - 29.6 LIB 911 68.9 +29.6
Jamisontown Uniting Church Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 240 25.8 - 21.2 GRN 88 9.5 +5.4 - 18 1.9 +1.9 LIB 477 51.3 +14.8 ORP 29 3.1 +3.1 DEM 6 0.6 - 0.5 CDP 38 4.1 - 1.5 IND 33 3.6 +3.6 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.7 929 31 3.2 960
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 279 34.7 - 19.9 LIB 524 65.3 +19.9
Kingswood Park Public , Penrith Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 408 30.9 - 23.6 GRN 157 11.9 +7.2 - 21 1.6 +1.6 LIB 616 46.6 +20.0 ORP 17 1.3 +1.3 DEM 6 0.5 - 0.2 CDP 67 5.1 - 0.8 IND 30 2.3 +2.3 OTH 0 0.0 - 7.6 1322 69 5.0 1391
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 459 40.3 - 26.7 LIB 679 59.7 +26.7
Kingswood Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 412 27.4 - 27.8 GRN 201 13.4 +9.1 - 63 4.2 +4.2 LIB 660 43.9 +18.2 ORP 32 2.1 +2.1 DEM 9 0.6 - 0.5 CDP 72 4.8 - 0.9 IND 56 3.7 +3.7 OTH 0 0.0 - 8.3 1505 63 4.0 1568
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 492 39.8 - 27.3 LIB 743 60.2 +27.3
Kingswood South Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 396 29.3 - 26.2 GRN 151 11.2 +7.6 - 36 2.7 +2.7 LIB 616 45.6 +17.8 ORP 25 1.8 +1.8 DEM 9 0.7 .. CDP 77 5.7 - 0.8 IND 42 3.1 +3.1 OTH 0 0.0 -6.0 1352 45 3.2 1397
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 454 39.8 - 25.2 LIB
687 60.2 +25.2
Lapstone Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 197 16.0 - 18.8 GRN 306 24.8 +12.8 - 6 0.5 +0.5 LIB 627 50.9 +12.7 ORP 13 1.1 +1.1 DEM 10 0.8 - 0.5 CDP 51 4.1 - 2.5 IND 22 1.8 +1.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 7.1 1232 24 1.9 1256
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 274 27.5 - 22.1 LIB 722 72.5 +22.1
Leonay Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 243 17.0 - 20.0 GRN 151 10.6 +5.8 - 5 0.4 +0.4 LIB 930 65.2 +18.9 ORP 27 1.9 +1.9 DEM 7 0.5 - 0.2 CDP 38 2.7 - 2.5 IND 25 1.8 +1.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 6.0 1426 42 2.9 1468
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 285 22.4 - 22.3 LIB 990 77.6 +22.3
Melrose Hall Emu Plains Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 397 22.4 - 25.5 GRN 181 10.2 +5.5 - 43 2.4 +2.4 LIB 984 55.5 +20.8 ORP 33 1.9 +1.9 DEM 14 0.8 - 0.2 CDP 86 4.8 - 2.2 IND 36 2.0 +2.0 OTH 0 0.0 - 4.7 1774 54 3.0 1828
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 465 30.2 - 26.8 LIB
1073 69.8 +26.8
Nepean Hospital , Kingswood Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 89 33.2 - 30.5 GRN 19 7.1 +3.6 - 1 0.4 +0.4 LIB 128 47.8 +27.6 ORP 8 3.0 +3.0 DEM 4 1.5 +0.2 CDP 15 5.6 - 2.9 IND 4 1.5 +1.5 OTH 0 0.0 - 2.8 268 8 2.9 276
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 100 42.0 - 32.3 LIB
138 58.0 +32.3
Penrith High Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 466 27.8 - 24.3 GRN 198 11.8 +4.5 - 56 3.3 +3.3 LIB 774 46.2 +18.2 ORP 27 1.6 +1.6 DEM 32 1.9 +1.1 CDP 81 4.8 - 1.6 IND 41 2.4 +2.4 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.3 1675 80 4.6 1755
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 549 38.4 - 26.0 LIB
881 61.6 +26.0
Penrith PCYC Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 198 28.2 - 23.9 GRN 81 11.5 +4.2 - 13 1.9 +1.9 LIB 362 51.6 +23.5 ORP 10 1.4 +1.4 DEM 4 0.6 - 0.2 CDP 16 2.3 - 4.2 IND 18 2.6 +2.6 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.2 702 26 3.6 728
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 219 36.6 - 27.7 LIB 379 63.4 +27.7
Penrith South Public Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 800 27.8 - 23.2 GRN 276 9.6 +6.1 - 92 3.2 +3.2 LIB 1434 49.9 +16.1 ORP 42 1.5 +1.5 DEM 27 0.9 +0.4 CDP 120 4.2 - 1.4 IND 82 2.9 +2.9 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.6 2873 111 3.7 2984
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 894 36.2 - 22.9 LIB
1578 63.8 +22.9
Samuel Terry Public , Cranebrook Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 384 24.3 - 27.9 GRN 170 10.8 +7.3 - 31 2.0 +2.0 LIB 825 52.2 +22.0 ORP 56 3.5 +3.5 DEM 11 0.7 - 0.1 CDP 67 4.2 - 2.2 IND 36 2.3 +2.3 OTH 0 0.0 - 6.8 1580 82 4.9 1662
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 435 32.5 - 30.2 LIB 903 67.5 +30.2
St Dominic 's College Kingswood Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 182 26.3 - 26.2 GRN 87 12.6 +9.6 - 8 1.2 +1.2 LIB 338 48.8 +21.9 ORP 16 2.3 +2.3 DEM 8 1.2 - 0.4 CDP 37 5.3 - 3.8 IND 16 2.3 +2.3 OTH 0 0.0 - 6.8 692 27 3.8 719
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 212 36.1 - 26.9 LIB 376 63.9 +26.9
Postal Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 524 24.6 - 25.2 GRN 162 7.6 +3.2 - 20 0.9 +0.9 LIB 1241 58.2 +22.8 ORP 31 1.5 +1.5 DEM 21 1.0 +0.4 CDP 52 2.4 - 2.4 IND 81 3.8 +3.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 5.0 2132 10 0.5 2142
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 585 30.9 - 27.2 LIB
1307 69.1 +27.2
Pre-Poll / Declared Institutions Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 695 24.8 - 23.3 GRN 288 10.3 +6.1 - 19 0.7 +0.7 LIB 1509 54.0 +18.1 ORP 50 1.8 +1.8 DEM 40 1.4 +0.6 CDP 118 4.2 - 2.2 IND 78 2.8 +2.8 OTH 0 0.0 - 4.6 2797 35 1.2 2832
2- Candidate Preferred Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 787 33.2 - 23.9 LIB
1587 66.8 +23.9
Section / Silent Primary Vote Party Votes % Vote Swing ALP 18 24.7 - 28.5 GRN 10 13.7 + 11.2 - 1 1.4 +1.4 LIB 36 49.3 +18.9 ORP 0 0.0 ..
DEM 1 1.4 - 1.2 CDP 6 8.2 +3.2 IND 1 1.4 +1.4 OTH 0 0.0 - 6.3 73 2 2.7 75
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
In another story from Arizona , but one that ’s attracting less attention than that state ’s check your documents anti-immigration law , a nun in Phoenix has been ex-communicated after approving a live - saving abortion .
Sister Margaret McBride was excommunicated for approving an abortion without which , doctors say , both the woman and her 11 - week - old fetus would have died .
According to Thomas Olmsted , the Bishop of Phoenix , approving an abortion is an excommunicating offense - period .
Ad Policy
" If a Catholic formally cooperates in the procurement of an abortion , they are automatically excommunicated by that action , " said Bishop Olmstead .
Funny how that automatic excommunication clause does n’t kick in when it comes to the sexual abuse of children and rape .
As the Church abuse scandal is revealed , for decade upon decade , the Church not only cooperated with child rapists but has protected them from prosecution , even promoting them to the very top of the Church hierarchy .
This Church , which flexed every once of its political muscle to strangle hard - won reproductive rights out of this country ’s health insurance laws , is subsidized by US Taxpayers — not only through public funding of Catholic Churches — but also through blanket tax exemptions .
Perhaps its time we checked their documents .
Are priests in this country legally ?
Have they read the Constitution ?
Do they grasp the basics of our — legal system ?
Or do they not ?
And how long are we going to keep allowing , not to mention funding these creeps ?
The F Word is a regular commentary by Laura Flanders , the host of GRITtv which broadcasts weekdays on satellite TV ( Dish Network Ch. 9415 Free Speech TV ) on cable , and online at GRITtv.org and TheNation.com .
Support us by signing up for our podcast , and follow GRITtv or GRITlaura on Twitter.com .
Pope Benedict has described the abuse as shameful and hateful Pope Benedict XVI has apologised to victims of child sex abuse by Catholic priests in Ireland .
In a pastoral letter to Irish Catholics , he acknowledged the sense of betrayal in the Church felt by victims and their families .
The Pope said there had been " serious mistakes " among bishops in responding to allegations of paedophilia .
The pastoral letter is the first statement of its kind by the Vatican on the sexual abuse of children .
It follows revelations of paedophilia within the Irish Catholic Church , which have rocked the institution .
I openly express the shame and remorse that we all feel
Pope Benedict
Pope 's letter : Key excerpts
Pope 's letter breaks Vatican taboo
Have your say Scandals involving Catholic priests have been reported in other countries , including the Pope 's native Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands , Austria and the US .
Addressing the victims of abuse , the Pope wrote : " You have suffered grievously and I am truly sorry . "
He continued : " Your trust has been betrayed and your dignity has been violated ...
I openly express the shame and remorse that we all feel . "
He said those guilty of abuse must " answer before God and properly constituted tribunals for the sinful and criminal actions they have committed " .
ANALYSIS David Willey , BBC News , Rome
The pope calls for healing , reparation and renewal in the Irish Church but essentially his remedy is more prayer .
He does however criticise inadequate procedures in selecting candidates for the priesthood , and the misplaced concern of some bishops to avoid scandal at all costs , even failing to report cases of paedophile priests to the police .
Victims of sexual abuse by priests in the Pope 's own country , Germany , and other parts of the world are likely to be disappointed that he concentrates entirely upon the sexual scandals which occurred in Ireland without referring to the fact that this is openly acknowledged by church officials to be a worldwide problem .
However , the Pope 's statement may fall short of demands by victims ' groups for an admission that abuse was systematically covered up , says BBC Religious Affairs correspondent Robert Pigott .
The only direct reference to cover-ups is a reference to " a misplaced concern for the reputation of the Church and the avoidance of scandal " .
The leader of one Irish victims ' group said she was disappointed the Pope 's letter did not recognise any responsibility of the Vatican in the crisis .
" We are really disappointed that there is no acknowledgement that the cover - up and the policy of cover - up in the church went right to the the Vatican , " said Maeve Lewis , executive director of One in Four .
She said victims had also hoped for acknowledgement of the " scurrilous ways " in which they were treated as they tried to alert Church authorities to their abuse .
However , Patrick Walsh of Irish Survivors of Abuse said the letter was " unprecedented " and " encouraging " .
Vatican visits
The Pope also criticised inadequate procedures in selecting candidates for the priesthood and " insufficient human , moral , intellectual and spiritual formation in seminaries and novitiates " as factors contributing to the crisis .
He said : " Urgent action is needed to address these factors , which have had such tragic consequences in the lives of victims and their families , and have obscured the light of the Gospel to a degree that not even centuries of persecution succeeded in doing .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Although the Pope said Vatican officials would visit Ireland to inspect some dioceses , he did not call for any restructuring of the Church in Ireland .
He also did not call for the resignation of any bishops , although a few have already volunteered to leave their posts .
The head of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , has resisted calls to resign over his handling of abuse allegations in the 1970s that saw victims sign confidentiality agreements .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WARNING : The following design may inspire self loathing , resentment and / or simple jealousy that you did not think of this first .
Deal with it .
From the Yanko Obvious Files comes this latest creation from designer Sam Drury .
The “ Self Supporting Shelf ” is a masterfully simple idea .
It is a telescopic shelf that extends between two flat surfaces for a perfect fit every time .
No screws , no nails no messy clean - up .
The shelf can be moved at whim with zero damage to your walls .
With its cam and cantilever mechanism , the more pulp fiction you pile on , the sturdier the shelf becomes .
I can almost hear the late night TV commercials now .
Designer : Sam Drury
Code :
sqlite > . schema CREATE TABLE Attendees ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER , attendeeName TEXT , attendeeEmail TEXT , attendeeStatus INTEGER,attendeeRelationship INTEGER ,attendeeType INTEGER ) ; CREATE TABLE CalendarAlerts ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER , begin INTEGER NOT NULL , end INTEGER NOT NULL , alarmTime INTEGER NOT NULL , creationTime INTEGER NOT NULL , receivedTime INTEGER NOT NULL , notifyTime INTEGER NOT NULL , state INTEGER NOT NULL , minutes INTEGER , UNIQUE ( alarmTime , begin , event_id ) ) ; CREATE TABLE CalendarCache ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , key TEXT NOT NULL , value TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE CalendarMetaData ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, localTimezone TEXT , minInstance INTEGER , maxInstance INTEGER ) ; CREATE TABLE Calendars ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , _sync_account TEXT , _sync_account_type TEXT , _sync_id TEXT , _sync_version TEXT , _sync_time TEXT , _sync_local_id INTEGER , _sync_dirty INTEGER , _sync_mark INTEGER , url TEXT , name TEXT , displayName TEXT , hidden INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , color INTEGER , access_level INTEGER , selected INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 1 , sync_events INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0, location TEXT , timezone TEXT , ownerAccount TEXT , organizerCanRespond INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 1 ) ; CREATE TABLE Events ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , _sync_account TEXT , _sync_account_type TEXT , _sync_id TEXT , _sync_version TEXT , _sync_time TEXT , _sync_local_id INTEGER , _sync_dirty INTEGER , _sync_mark INTEGER , calendar_id INTEGER NOT NULL , htmlUri TEXT , title TEXT , eventLocation TEXT , description TEXT , eventStatus INTEGER,selfAttendeeStatus INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,commentsUri TEXT , dtstart INTEGER , dtend INTEGER, eventTimezone TEXT , duration TEXT , allDay INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , visibility INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , transparency INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , hasAlarm INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , hasExtendedProperties INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , rrule TEXT , rdate TEXT , exrule TEXT , exdate TEXT , originalEvent TEXT , originalInstanceTime INTEGER,originalAllDay INTEGER , lastDate INTEGER , hasAttendeeData INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,guestsCanModify INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,guestsCanInviteOthers INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 1,guestsCanSeeGuests
INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 1 , organizer STRING , deleted INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 , dtstart2 INTEGER , dtend2 INTEGER , eventTimezone2 TEXT , syncAdapterData TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE EventsRawTimes ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER NOT NULL , dtstart2445 TEXT , dtend2445 TEXT , originalInstanceTime2445 TEXT , lastDate2445 TEXT , UNIQUE ( event_id ) ) ; CREATE TABLE ExtendedProperties ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER , name TEXT , value TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE Instances ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER , begin INTEGER , end INTEGER , startDay INTEGER , endDay INTEGER , startMinute INTEGER, endMinute INTEGER , UNIQUE ( event_id , begin , end ) ) ; CREATE TABLE Reminders ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , event_id INTEGER , minutes INTEGER , method INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 ) ; CREATE TABLE _sync_state ( _id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , account_name TEXT NOT NULL , account_type TEXT NOT NULL , data TEXT , UNIQUE ( account_name , account_type ) ) ; CREATE TABLE _sync_state_metadata ( version INTEGER ) ; CREATE TABLE android_metadata ( locale TEXT ) ; CREAT E VIEW view_events AS SELECT Events ._id AS _id , htmlUri, title , description , eventLocation , eventStatus , selfAttendeeStatus , comments
Uri,dtstart , dtend , duration , eventTimezone , allDay , visibility , timezone , selected , access_level , transparency , color , hasAlarm , hasExtended Properties , rrule , rdate , exrule , exdate , originalEvent , originalInstanceTime , originalAllDay , lastDate , hasAttendeeData , calendar_id,guestsCanInviteOthers,guestsCanModify , guestsCanSeeGuests , organizer , deleted , Events._sync_id AS _sync_id , Events._sync_version AS _sync_version , Events._sync_dirty AS _sync_dirty , Events._sync_account AS _sync_account , Events._sync_account_type AS _sync_account_type, Events._sync_time AS _sync_time , Events._sync_local_id AS _sync_local_id , Events._sync_mark AS _sync_mark, url,ownerAccount, sync_events FROM Events JOIN Calendars ON ( Events.calendar_id=Calendars._id ) ; CREATE INDEX attendeesEventIdIndex ON Attendees ( event_id ) ; CREATE INDEX calendarAlertsEventIdIndex ON CalendarAlerts ( event_id ) ; CREATE INDEX eventSyncAccountAndIdIndex ON Events ( _sync_account_type , _sync_account , _sync_id ) ; CREATE INDEX eventsCalendarIdIndex ON Events ( calendar_id ) ; CREATE INDEX extendedPropertiesEventIdIndex ON ExtendedProperties ( event_id ) ; CREATE INDEX instancesStartDayIndex ON Instances ( startDay ) ; CREATE INDEX remindersEventIdIndex ON Reminders ( event_id ) ; CREATE TRIGGER calendar_cleanup DELETE ON Calendars BEGIN DELETE FROM Events WHERE calendar_id = old._id;END ; CREATE TRIGGER events_cleanup_delete DELETE ON Events BEGIN DELETE FROM Instances WHERE event_id = old._id;DELETE
FROM EventsRawTimes WHERE event_id = old._id;DELETE
FROM Attendees WHERE event_id = old._id;DELETE
FROM Reminders WHERE event_id = old._id;DELETE
FROM CalendarAlerts WHERE event_id = old._id;DELETE
FROM Extended Properties WHERE event_id = old._id;END ; CREATE TRIGGER events_insert AFTER INSERT ON Events BEGIN UPDATE Events SET _sync_account=( SELECT _sync_account FROM Calendars WHERE Calendars._id=new.calendar_id) ,_sync_account_type=( SELECT
_sync_account_type FROM Calendars WHERE Calendars._id=new.calendar_id )
WHERE Events._id=new._id;END
;
The “ Walk on Water ” challenge of Dixon High School has reached its 8th edition .
Just like every year , since this event was started , students had to walk on water , without falling in .
Over 120 physics students , in 27 groups , tried to cross a 50 - meter - long pool , in the 2 minute time limit , without getting wet .
To complete this task , they were required to build mechanical gear that would keep them afloat and moving , at the same time .
From giant hamster wheels , to floating skis , the students tried everything .
A few of them actually succeed in walking on water , and thus won the big prize : the chance to skip a final exam .
Now that ’s worth getting a little wet , over .
Photos by Renee C. Byer / Sacbee.com
The literary world has been buzzing lately about a high profile presidential - related book .
It is a memoir by Former First Lady , Laura Bush , entitled , “ Spoken from the Heart , ” in which she describes her childhood and teenage years leading up to the time when she met George Bush in the late 70s .
Of interest to note was that Laura Bush had not actually studied in politics – rather , she studied Education at university , following which she worked as a primary school teacher .
Later , she went on to do her Master ’s in Library Sciences and was employed for some time as a librarian .
Bush has maintained a love of books and reading throughout her life .
Even though her very early years , her suburban Southern roots are evident in her choice of favourite reading material : Little Women by Louisa May Alcott and Little House on the Prairie by Laura Ingalls Wilder .
Of the former , Bush recalls that before she had learned to read , her mother would read the story aloud to her .
She stated , “ That was a book that I ’ve loved throughout my life that I ’ve read again and again . ”
Remembering Wilder ’s classic novel , Bush mentions , “ The little girl ’s name was Laura and she had brown hair , and I really identified with her . ”
Read more about Laura Bush ’s literary influences , or help us add to her infloox page !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on May 10 , 2010 at 10:56 am and is filed under authors , bestsellers , books , infloox , influence , influences , inspiration , memoir , role models , writers , writing .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : american , famous librarians , first ladies , first lady , george bush , laura bush , laura ingalls wilder , little house on the prairie , little women , louisa may alcott , political , politics , president
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
Today there is headline after headline in the mainstream media about how dangerous “ climate change ” is and about how the world as we know it is going to end if we do n’t take dramatic steps to fight global warming .
But what they do n’t tell you in the mainstream media is what the “ final solution ” for the problem of “ climate change ” that the global elite have come up with actually is .
You see , for the global elite the math is simple .
They believe that human overpopulation is causing climate change , and so the solution to climate change is population control .
As bizarre as that sounds , that is what they actually believe .
The truth is that they are convinced that climate change is going to literally destroy the earth and that the best way to fight climate change is to get rid of a whole bunch of us .
In fact , it is the official policy of the United Nations to fight climate change by promoting population control measures .
They do n’t even try to camouflage it anymore .
Last year the UNFPA ( the United Nations Population Fund ) released its annual State of the World Population Report entitled “ Facing a Changing World : Women , Population and Climate ” , and in that document it was made clear that the official position of the UN is that the only way to avoid a major climate disaster is to dramatically increase “ family planning ” services around the globe and to do whatever is necessary to reduce worldwide fertility rates .
Check out just a few of the quotes about the link between overpopulation and climate change contained in the UNFPA report … .
*” The importance of the speed and magnitude of recent population growth in boosting future greenhouse - gas emissions is well recognized among scientists , including the authors of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s reports . ”
*” Still , calculations of the contribution of population growth to emissions growth globally produce a consistent finding that most of past population growth has been responsible for between 40 per cent and 60 per cent of emissions growth . ”
*” Each birth results not only in the emissions attributable to that person in his or her lifetime , but also the emissions of all his or her descendents .
Hence , the emissions savings from intended or planned births multiply with time . ”
*” No human is genuinely “ carbon neutral , ” especially when all greenhouse gases are figured into the equation .
Therefore , everyone is part of the problem , so everyone must be part of the solution in some way . ”
*” Strong family planning programmes are in the interests of all countries for greenhouse - gas concerns as well as for broader welfare concerns . ”
No human is genuinely carbon neutral ?
That means by being alive , we are all part of the problem .
To the elite , we are viewed as “ useless eaters ” that have multiplied to the point where we are now wildly out of control and are threatening to destroy the earth with our toxic carbon emissions .
And do n’t think for a moment that the United Nations Population Fund is not a big time international organization .
They are active in virtually ever corner of the planet , they have the full backing of the United Nations , and thanks to Barack Obama they have 50 million U.S. taxpayer dollars with which to advance their eugenics agenda .
But it is not just the United Nations that is preoccupied with population control as a solution to global warming .
Bill Gates is absolutely obsessed with it .
In the video posted below , Bill Gates explains his belief that carbon emissions from humans are causing climate change , and that the only way to stop climate change is to reduce those carbon emissions to zero .
That is right .
While you watch the clip , notice how many times he emphasizes the need to bring these carbon emissions down to zero .
So how does he propose to do this ?
Well , one of his suggestions is to slow the growth of the population .
And how will that be accomplished ?
In the video Bill Gates tells us exactly what his solution is ….
“ The world today has 6.8 billion people .
That ’s heading up to about nine billion .
Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines , health care , reproductive health services , we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent . ”
Now wait a minute – are n’t vaccines supposed to keep people alive ?
Would n’t more vaccines actually increase the population ?
Or does Bill Gates know something that we do n’t ?
What Bill Gates has to say in this video is absolutely jaw dropping ….
But of course Bill Gates is not the only one who is obsessed with climate change and population control .
In this next video , David Rockefeller explains how we are on the verge of a massive ecological disaster because there are too many people on the planet … .
The truth is that while you and I may not give much thought to “ overpopulation ” , the global elite are truly obsessed with it .
In fact , they even hold gatherings where they all get together and talk about it .
Just over one year ago Bill Gates , David Rockefeller , Warren Buffett , George Soros , Michael Bloomberg , Ted Turner , Oprah Winfrey and a number of other incredibly wealthy individuals held a secret meeting in New York .
So what was the topic of this secret meeting ?
Population control .
One anonymous attendee of the meeting was quoted in a major U.K. newspaper as saying that overpopulation “ is something so nightmarish that everyone in this group agreed it needs big - brain answers . ”
Apparently they are the big brains that are going to figure out the best ways to make sure that there are fewer of the rest of us running around .
So the next time you hear about the incredible “ threat ” of climate change in the mainstream media , keep in mind what the global elite believe the ultimate solution to that threat is .
As Bill Gates said , they are not going to be satisfied until they get carbon emissions by humans down to zero .
And considering the fact that you have been breathing out carbon dioxide the whole time that you have been reading this article , that is not good news for you .
SAN JOSE , Calif . -- Patrick Marleau , Joe Thornton and Evgeni Nabokov shouldered the brunt of the criticism for San Jose 's past postseason failures .
It 's only fitting that those three are the biggest reason why the Sharks are headed back to the Western Conference finals for the first time in six years .
Thornton set up Marleau for the tiebreaking goal 6:59 into the third period and Nabokov bounced back from a Game 4 shellacking to help the Sharks eliminate the two - time defending Western Conference champion Detroit Red Wings with a 2 - 1 victory Saturday night in Game 5 of their second - round series .
" It feels good , " said Thornton , who scored the first goal for San Jose .
" After kind of embarrassing ourselves with the 7 - 1 loss in Detroit we just wanted to bounce back .
I thought we did a great job . "
Postseason disappointments have been commonplace in recent years in San Jose .
The Sharks have had the second - best record in the NHL the past five seasons , but had n't made it past the second round in that span until now .
Three straight second - round losses were followed by a first - round defeat to Anaheim last season , raising questions about whether the core of Thornton , Marleau and Nabokov could lead the Sharks to the Stanley Cup .
San Jose is now halfway to that elusive title .
The Sharks will play either Chicago or Vancouver in the conference finals .
Marleau and Nabokov are the only players remaining from San Jose 's only previous trip to the conference finals when the Sharks lost to Calgary in six games .
" It 's definitely nice to get back there and be one step closer to winning the cup , " Marleau said .
Nabokov survived a blitz late in the second period to keep it tied at 1 .
Marleau then came through with his second game - winning goal of this series when Thornton found him all alone in the slot and he beat Jimmy Howard .
The goal set off a raucous celebration at the Shark Tank .
Marleau also scored in overtime to win Game 3 , also off a feed from Thornton .
Thornton might finally be shedding the nickname " No Show Joe " by winning a gold medal in the Olympics and playing his best playoff series with the Sharks .
He got his first goal of the postseason when he scored the winner in Game 2 , started a third - period comeback with a goal in Game 3 and was involved in both of San Jose 's goals in the clincher .
" That 's great to see because we had some individuals that heading into the playoffs had to answer some questions , " coach Todd McLellan said .
" I think to this point they 've done that . "
Detroit is the only team better in the regular season than the Sharks since the start of the 2005 - 06 season and the Red Wings have been far better in the postseason .
They eliminated the Sharks in the second round in 2007 and went to the last two Stanley Cup finals , winning it all in 2008 .
Now a season that got off to a slow start because of injuries but seemed to be peaking at the right time has come to an early end for the Red Wings .
Detroit fell behind 3 - 0 in this series before winning Game 4 at home 7 - 1 and putting up a good fight in the finale .
" The Sharks have been a very good team the past few years and they play smart , " Detroit forward Henrik Zetterberg said .
" Every time you make the playoffs , you learn more and more and eventually you start playing better in the playoffs .
They are playing smarter and they are playing more like a team . "
Detroit seemed to have the momentum after dominating the second period and surviving a missed penalty shot by Joe Pavelski early in the third .
But the Sharks battled back and got their fourth one - goal win of the series .
" They were better than us , " Detroit coach Mike Babcock said .
" They games were tight , but they found a way to continually win .
That 's what good teams do . "
Detroit got its first goal early in the second when Brian Rafalski's point shot sneaked through to make it 1 - 0 .
Johan Franzen assisted on that goal , tying Gordie Howe 's franchise record set in 1964 by recording a point in 12 straight playoff games .
Nabokov did n't allow anything else all game , finishing with 33 saves .
He was at his best on a power play late in the second when he stopped a few tough deflections .
Detroit could n't get a good shot in the final minute even after Dan Boyle was sent off for holding with 52.2 seconds to go .
" It 's hard to play against those guys , " Nabokov said .
" I do n't think people expected us to win 4 - 1 but that 's hockey . "
Thornton tied it just 7 seconds after Brad Stuart was sent off for elbowing Pavelski .
The Sharks did n't get another shot off in the final 15:06 of the second period .
Join the Victoria Symphony for their virtual season .
This is the Victoria Symphony ’s promise to our audience , musicians , donors , sponsors , and to the broader arts loving community as well .
It is at the core of what we value as an organization .
Despite the current constraints , we are passionately committed to finding new and exciting ways to deliver on this inspiring mission and to keep us all connected in the process .
The first half of our 2020 / 21 Virtual Season has been designed to reflect the vibrancy , diversity , and creativity of our beloved musicians , our Music Director Christian Kluxen , and our Principal Pops Conductor Sean O’Loughlin .
The season will launch on October 1st at 7:30 pm with Vivaldi ’s Four Seasons featuring Concertmaster Terence Tam as soloist .
Our plan is to share several virtual concerts over the coming weeks and months : some larger - scale concerts featuring the whole symphony , socially distanced on stage , and some featuring quartets and quintets playing live together from local venues that you know and love .
Tropical Storm Alex has veered away from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill but experts warned that strong waves and winds could still upset efforts to halt the environmental disaster .
Coast Guard admiral Thad Allen sounded the alarm about the potential for a devastating impact the storm may have on efforts to contain and siphon off the oil in the Gulf .
" The weather is unpredictable and we could have a sudden last - minute change , " he said .
He told reporters oil recovery operations would have to be suspended for two weeks if Alex were to hit the area .
National Hurricane Centre spokesman Dennis Feltgen said Alex would not directly threaten clean - up attempts .
" The storm is not an issue for the spill , " he said .
The Miami - based centre showed the storm on a path toward hitting the coast of Belize later on Saturday ( local time ) and then moving across the Yucatan Peninsula , dumping rain across Central America .
Mr Feltgen said forecasters did not expect Alex to head into the north - east Gulf , " but that does n't mean there wo n't be some wave impact . "
" We are very pleased that there is no weather impact right now , " said BP spokesman Ron Rybarczyk .
A two - week stoppage would exacerbate the spill that has defiled the Gulf coast 's once pristine shorelines .
It would also mean the estimated 30,000 to 65,000 barrels of oil gushing from a ruptured wellhead down on the sea floor would be billowing crude and gas unchecked for days .
An estimated 1.9 to 3.5 million barrels have poured into the Gulf since the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 20 .
Meanwhile , Shell Oil
Co said about 300 non-essential workers from production platforms and drilling rigs in US - regulated areas of Gulf oilfields were being evacuated due to the forecast path of the tropical storm .
The Louisiana Offshore Oil Port ( LOOP ) - the US 's only offshore oil port able to take more than one million barrels of crude from tankers - was operating normally yesterday .
" We 're not doing anything differently , except watching it closely , " said LOOP spokeswoman Barb Hestermann .
Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp said its Gulf operations were normal .
- AFP / Reuters
by Sunny Hundal
David Cameron has today evening defended the PPC Phillipa Stroud , but pointedly did not refute the allegations made in the original Observer article .
In an email reply to a constituent , passed on to Liberal Conspiracy , Cameron ’s office released this statement :
Philippa makes no apology for being a committed Christian .
However , it is categorically untrue that she believes homosexuality to be an illness .
Indeed , Philippa was deeply offended that The Observer has suggested otherwise .
Since David Cameron became Leader of the Conservative Party in 2005 , he has made clear the Party ’s commitment to sexual equality and gay rights – from his first conference speech , in which he proudly confirmed our support for Civil Partnerships , to his apology for our former stance on Section 28 .
We have supported tackling homophobic bullying and measures to tackle incitement to gay hatred , and we have opened up Conservative candidate selection to people from all backgrounds .
Philippa Stroud has spent more than 20 years working with disturbed people who society have turned their back on and who are often not helped by state agencies .
Drug addicts , alcoholics , the mentally ill and the homeless are just some of the people that Philippa and her friends in the charitable sector have tried to help over the years .
The idea that she is prejudiced against gay people is false .
The same statement was made to the BBC Asian Network today .
But Cameron ’s statement does not refute the central allegation : that Stroud set up an evangelical Church that prayed for homosexuals to be saved .
All the charity work in the world does n’t hide that fact , and neither has any statement by Stroud or Cameron ’s office refuted that central point .
As Pink News points out :
When PinkNews.co.uk pointed out to her spokesman that he Observer ’s prime claim was not that she believed homosexuality to be an illness and instead that she appeared to believe it could be overcome through prayer and removing “ demons ” , he said : “ We will not be adding to or subtracting to [ sic ] the statement . ”
The controversy around Stroud can not go away so easily .
And yet the media pointedly refuses to raise the issue .
BANDA ACEH , Indonesia ( Reuters ) - A local tsunami alert was issued and later lifted after an earthquake of magnitude 7.4 struck Sumatra , Indonesia , the country ’s quake agency and the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) reported on Sunday .
“ Sea level readings indicate that a significant tsunami was not generated .
Therefore the tsunami watch issued by this center is now canceled , ” the USGS said .
West Aceh police chief Djoko Widodo , told Reuters that the quake , which happened at 0559 GMT around 140 miles south of Banda Aceh , briefly caused panic .
“ From what I see around my office , there ’s no damage but I see people running out of their houses .
They are still outside , afraid to go back , ” he said .
The Indonesian archipelago stretches across a seismically active area known as the Pacific Ring of Fire and is prone to earthquakes and volcanoes .
A 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami on Sumatra island killed 170,000 people in Aceh province alone , while more than 1,000 people died after a powerful quake hit the city of Padang last September .
This is the way the world ends : not with a bang , but with the whisper of decaying petroleum products .
That 's the apocalypse envisioned by Kevin J. Anderson , author of numerous " Star Wars " novels , and Doug Beason .
In their third novel pairing , Ill Wind , the beginning of the end is an oil tanker spill in San Francisco Bay .
Ill Wind deals with an unexpected end to the world as we know it and the attempts by the U.S. government to hold the nation together , for good or ill .
A very readable and believable story , this book takes its place among other speculative visions of the way our world will end , and how the pieces will be picked up .
Alex Kramer is a bioremediation researcher for oil giant Oilstar , cultivating natural microbes to clean up millenial civilization 's messes .
His Prometheus microbe is experimental , awaiting approval by the federal government for use in oil spill cleanup operations .
Racked by the pain of leukemia and grieving the deaths of his wife and two children , Alex Kramer feels he has nothing to lose when the Oilstar tanker Zoroaster spills its entire cargo off the shores of San Francisco .
He prepares a modified Prometheus for Oilstar to use in its defensive public relations plan .
Todd Severyn , a Wyoming cowboy who has worked oil all his life , is put in charge of the Zoroaster cleanup .
When the tanker sinks before all its cargo can be offloaded , he takes Alex Kramer 's Prometheus microbe up in a helicopter to spray the spill before the bioremediation process can be stopped by court injuction .
What Todd and Stanford microbiologist and chemist Iris Shikozu do n't know is that the microbe they release is a mean cousin to the samples Iris okayed for the operation .
This Prometheus does n't stop at gobbling up crude oil in a restricted area .
It can feed on gasoline and most of the plastics made from petroleum -- the very fabric of modern civilization .
Most frightening of all , it can spread through the air .
As the " petro plague " spreads across the globe , the Speaker of the House becomes president after the assassination of the President in the Mideast and the Vice President 's death in an elevator malfunction .
He orders martial law , and the armed forces are suddenly in charge of domestic law and order .
Communications break down as quickly as petroleum - based polymers do , and pockets of totalitarianism spring up .
Air Force Brigadier General Ed Bayclock , an efficient and deeply patriotic commander , takes charge of the Albuquerque area , brutally enforcing his strict brand of martial law -- including public hangings of curfew breakers and petty thieves .
Spencer Lockwood 's solar power research station is nearby , where small satellite solar collectors beam power down via microwave to an antenna farm that harvests and channels the power .
His work becomes known to General Bayclock , and Spencer 's power station is targeted for confiscation under martial law .
John Young on Brian Lehrer Live : " There is no such thing as privacy on the internet ... all ISP 's privacy agreements are phony " Brian Lehrer Live
Apr. 01 , 2010
The people running Facebook are an ambitious crew ; they see Facebook as a successor to Google in many respects .
In fact many of the executives used to work at Google , including CTO Bret Taylor , COO Sheryl Sandberg , Advertising VP David Fischer and Communications VP Elliot Schrage , among others .
However as a search property Facebook has , in the past , been almost unusable and no threat to Google or any other search engine .
In fact , it has been ( so far ) a missed opportunity for Facebook partner and investor Microsoft .
But Microsoft ’s Bing is becoming more prominent on Facebook and the site itself has tried to improve search .
Now the AllFacebook Blog declares that Facebook has declared “ war ” on Google with an “ Open Graph Search Engine ” that will create a semantic index of the web ( via the Like button ) and ( eventually ) make Facebook search better than Google .
Have we thus entered the era of “ Facebook SEO ” ?
Should publishers and marketers be optimizing sites for Facebook search and SEO ?
Over the past year Facebook has seen growth in search query volumes and has started to approach AOL in terms of overall query volume share , according to comScore .
And certainly Facebook search has considerable potential — but that ’s still what it is : potential .
All Facebook shows that non-Facebook sites are now starting to appear and rank in “ Facebook ” results ( as opposed to “ Web Results ” ) , as though they were internal Facebook pages — based on how many “ Likes ” they have :
This is interesting and may begin to create some new user behavior at Facebook , and among publishers / marketers .
But Facebook has a long way to go before it can effectively replace Google or any other search engine .
In general the search user experience on Facebook is ambiguous and cluttered .
( Marty Weintraub at aimClear details “ Facebook Ranking Factors , ” which illustrate some of the confusion in Facebook results . )
In addition the information available via Facebook search ( as opposed to Bing on Facebook ) is quite thin right now .
Google , Yahoo and Bing ( proper ) provide a much more coherent and complete user experience when people really need information .
Has Facebook become an important — even critical — marketing vehicle and promotional tool ?
Absolutely .
Is its search engine going to challenge Google in the near term ?
Not a chance — at least not without radical change and improvement .
As Danny said to me in an email and a comment on the aimClear blog , “ If this is declaring war on Google , Facebook ’s starting out by sending a boat against a battle fleet . ”
LOS ANGELES — A Nebraska man has been sentenced to a year in federal prison for his role in a cyber attack on the Church of Scientology 's websites two years ago .
Brian Thomas Mettenbrink , of Grand Island , Neb. , was also ordered Monday to pay $ 20,000 in restitution and serve a year on supervised release after he gets out of prison .
The cyber attack was orchestrated by an underground group that calls itself " Anonymous " and protests the Church of Scientology , accusing it of Internet censorship .
Mettenbrink admitted being a member and pleaded guilty in February to a misdemeanor charge of unauthorized access of a protected computer .
U.S. District Judge Gary
Feess says the cyber attack had " a sense of hate crime . "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan — Defying a warning from Washington , Pakistan ’s prime minister promised yesterday to go ahead with a plan to import natural gas from Iran even if the United States levies additional sanctions against the Mideast country .
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani made his comments two days after the US special envoy to Pakistan , Richard C. Holbrooke , cautioned Pakistan not to “ overcommit ’’ itself to the deal because it could run afoul of new sanctions against Iran Congress is finalizing .
The deal has been a constant source of tension between Pakistan and the United States , with Pakistan arguing that it is vital to its ability to cope with an energy crisis and the United States stressing that it would undercut international pressure on Iran over its nuclear program .
Gilani said Pakistan would reconsider the deal if it violated UN sanctions , but the country was “ not bound to follow ’’ unilateral US measures .
He said media reports that quoted him as saying that Pakistan would heed Holbrooke ’s warning were incorrect .
The United Nations has levied four sets of sanctions against Iran for failing to suspend its uranium enrichment , a process that can produce fuel for a nuclear weapon .
The latest set of UN sanctions was approved earlier this month .
The United States has also applied a number of unilateral sanctions against Iran .
Democrats and Republicans alike urged the Obama administration yesterday to endorse legislation that would significantly toughen US sanctions against Iran over its suspect nuclear program and support for extremist groups .
Senators on both sides of the aisle told two top Treasury and State Department officials that they should back a bill that targets exports of gasoline and other refined petroleum products to Iran and bans US banks from doing business with foreign banks that provide financial services to Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard .
In comments to the officials testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , the lawmakers said that previous , less restrictive sanctions had failed to stop Iran from activities that could lead to nuclear weapons development .
And they suggested that stability in the Middle East would be compromised unless the measures are imposed
Pakistan and Iran finalized the gas deal earlier this month .
Under the contract , Iran will export 760 million cubic feet of gas per day to Pakistan through a new pipeline beginning in 2014 .
The construction of the pipeline is estimated to cost $ 7 billion .
US opposition to the gas deal has also been tempered by Washington ’s reliance on Pakistani cooperation to fight Al Qaeda and Taliban militants staging attacks against NATO troops in Afghanistan .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Back in February , Microsoft released public specifications for PST files , the databases used by Outlook for storing and archiving e-mail .
To these specifications , Microsoft has now added a pair of developer - oriented open source projects : the PST Data Structure View Tool for cracking open PSTs to browse inside them , and the PST File Format SDK , a cross- platform C++ library for working with PST files programmatically .
The SDK project is not yet finished ; presently it only provides read - only access to PST data , though write support is planned .
Both tools are released using under the Apache License 2.0 .
This means that they can be incorporated into proprietary , closed - source projects , as well as other open source projects .
PST files represent a big hurdle for anyone wanting to switch away from Outlook .
There are many millions of gigabytes of mail stored in PSTs , but no robust way to access them from anything that is n't Outlook .
With many people unwilling to give up massive e-mail archives , they 're left with no option but to stick with Microsoft 's e-mail client .
Though the core Office document formats are now XML - based open standards , alleviating such lock - in issues , Outlook has continued to use a complex database format for storing mail , making interoperability difficult .
With the documentation and these software projects , the days of being locked into Outlook could be coming to an end .
Californians likely to vote in November are evenly split over whether to legalize marijuana , with only a small percentage of the electorate still undecided about the controversial issue , according to a poll conducted last week by the nonpartisan Public Policy Institute of California .
The poll , which surveyed 1,168 likely voters , found that 49 % think marijuana use should be made legal , 48 % do not and 3 % do not know , suggesting that the proponents of the legalization measure will have to wage an expensive and persuasive campaign .
Mark Baldassare , the institute ’s president and pollster , said the results show the legalization campaign faces serious challenges : “ It ’s always hard to start out when you ’re not even at 50 % . ”
The Tax Cannabis 2010 campaign , which sponsored the initiative , also released a poll Wednesday that found a similar level of support for the measure among registered voters , but with a much higher percentage undecided .
Conducted earlier this month by an independent firm , the survey showed 51 % of 800 voters support the initiative , while 40 % oppose it and 9 % are undecided .
Advertisement
“ All the polls continue to show that voters remain interested in replacing a failed policy with a more honest , commonsense solution , ” said Dan Newman , a campaign spokesman .
The campaign ’s poll also found that about three - quarters of voters say California should control marijuana like alcohol or tobacco .
High percentages also say that the initiative would raise tax revenue and save the state money .
The initiative would allow cities and counties to legalize and tax marijuana sales .
“ That might be an angle , ” Baldassare said .
“ What puts this in the range of the possible in the current context is :
What does it have to offer in terms of relief of the budget problems ? ”
John Lovell , a lobbyist for law enforcement organizations who has organized an opposition campaign , said the institute ’s poll was “ very bad news ” for legalization proponents .
“ That means they are not even winning the philosophical argument , ” he said .
Advertisement
He said his effort , Public Safety First , would inform voters about the drawbacks to legalization .
“ Once they learn more , then the initiative will go down to a substantial defeat , ” he predicted .
The institute ’s poll also examined how different groups of Californians tend to view legalization .
Men favor it ; women oppose it .
Whites are supportive , while Latinos are not .
Voters 54 years and younger support legalization , older voters do not .
Support for legalization also increases with income and education .
Democrats and independents back legalization , but Republicans heavily oppose it .
Voters are split in Los Angeles County and the Central Valley , while support is high in the Bay Area and low in Orange , Riverside , San Bernardino and San Diego counties .
Advertisement
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
The World Cup ’s just around the corner , and that means the shoe companies are now battling over whose stuff is more innovative .
So while Nike is touting something called adaptive traction –something akin to cleats that retract on hard surfaces –Adidas is touting the lightest soccer shoe ever ( which is going to be worn by Argentine star Lionel Messi ) .
Where the typical soccer shoe weighs about 10 ounces , the Adidas F50 Adizero tips in at 5.8 .
It ’s a weird sensation to experience–picking them up feels like lifting a stack of mail .
Crazy - light shoes , how do they work ?
According to Adidas ’s senior product manager , Aubrey Dolan , there ’s actually a slew of high - tech breakthroughs at work .
“ You can always remove materials to make one lightweight sample , but mass - producing something for a mass market that actually functions is another challenge entirely . ”
Almost all soccer shoes have a stiff insole board that keeps them stable .
The F50 Adizero does n’t have that at all–instead it simply has a molded poly - amide outsole they call a “ sprint frame . ”
All the stability comes from the fins running across the middle of the footprint :
LOS ANGELES  Ending a long silence , Roman Polanski addressed his possible extradition to the United States over a 33 - year - old sex - crime case with a statement that accused authorities here of “ trying to serve me on a platter to the media of the world , ” instead of honoring what he described as an agreement , made decades ago , to limit his punishment to time already served .
“ I have decided to break my silence in order to address myself directly to you without any intermediaries and in my own words , ” Mr. Polanski said in the statement , which was distributed to the news media on Sunday .
The 908 - word statement was circulated by Bernard - Henri Lévy , who is a friend of Mr. Polanski’s and the director of the French magazine La Règle du Jeu .
Mr. Polanski , the Oscar - winning director whose films include “ The Pianist ” and “ Chinatown , ” was arrested in Switzerland on Sept. 26 .
He has since been held pending possible extradition for sentencing in the case that stemmed from his arrest in 1977 after having sex with a 13 - year - old girl .
CLEVELAND –
In a major policy statement at the Cleveland City Club June 18 , AFL - CIO President Rich Trumka said the continual denial of rights to millions of undocumented workers threatens the well - being and democratic values of all Americans .
Denouncing right - wing “ politics of hate , scapegoating and finger - pointing , ” and Arizona ’s recently passed racial profiling law , Trumka said the crisis facing American workers results from failed trade policies and corporate greed , not immigration .
“ When I hear that kind of talk , ” the AFL - CIO leader declared , “ I want to say : Did an immigrant move your plant overseas ?
Did an immigrant take away your pension ?
Or cut your health care ?
Did an immigrant destroy American workers ’ right to organize ?
Or crash the financial system ?
Did immigrant workers write the trade laws that have done so much harm to Ohio ? ”
The North American Free Trade Agreement , he said , undermined workers ’ rights in both the U.S. and Mexico and caused illegal immigration to triple .
“ The failures of our relationship with Mexico , ” Trumka said , “ cannot be solved with guns and soldiers and fences .
They must be addressed through an economic strategy for shared prosperity based on rising wages in both countries . ”
But , he said , there is “ an unpleasant fact ” that is not talked about and that lies at the heart of U.S. immigration policy .
“ Too many U.S. employers actually like the current state of the immigration system – a system where immigrants are both plentiful and undocumented – afraid and available , ” Trumka charged .
“ Too many employers like a system where our borders are closed and open at the same time – closed enough to turn immigrants into second - class citizens , open enough to ensure an endless supply of socially and legally powerless cheap labor . ”
“ That is why the AFL - CIO is fighting to fix this broken immigration system as a crucial element of our broader economic strategy .
Because we stand for the American Dream for all who work in our country .
Because we are for ending our two - tiered workforce and our two - tiered society .
And because an underclass of disenfranchised workers ends up hurting all workers . ”
Trumka said the labor movement is part of a broad coalition including faith - based and immigrants ’ rights groups calling for “ a fair path towards legalization for all undocumented workers , ” establishing an independent commission to determine the need for more immigrants , guaranteeing full legal rights to immigrants – including the right to organize – and “ real penalties for employers who break the law . ”
In a time of economic crisis , the voices of hatred and divisiveness cannot be defeated unless political leaders provide “ a clear strategy for prosperity in the future – starting with good jobs , ” Trumka said .
He praised President Obama for his economic recovery program including “ rebuilding manufacturing , taking on the challenge of climate change and energy independence , growing exports and investing in our infrastructure , including our education infrastructure . ”
In addition , Trumka said , the “ fundamental human right to organize and bargain with their employers ” must be restored .
“ And we need to make sure every worker in America – documented or undocumented – is protected by our labor laws .
That is why it is so urgent that we reform our immigration system . ”
But , he said , economic policies are not enough .
“ We must also change our culture , ” Trumka said .
“ We as a nation must be true to our better selves – employers must not make a buck on the backs of workers who live in fear of deportation , and workers must stand together in the workplace for good jobs , safe jobs , health care for all , and retirement security we can count on .
“ And so when we talk about making the American Dream real , the labor movement stands for making it real for all of us who do the work of our country .
All of us – no matter what we look like , how we worship , who we choose to love , or where we come from . ”
The full text of Trumka ’s speech is here .
Photo : Richard Trumka at the 2010 Building and Construction Trades Legislative Conference , April 21 .
AFL - CIO / Bill Burke / Page One cc 2.0
In an unusually strong attack on politically powerful deniers of global warming , 255 members of the National Academy of Sciences , including 32 from Northern California , have charged that opponents are using " McCarthy - like tactics " against legitimate climate scientists .
The letter condemning " political assaults " on climate researchers was published Friday in the journal Science , and was sent earlier to the White House Office of Science and Technology , where John Holdren , its director , is President Obama 's science adviser .
Members of the Academy of Sciences , who are frequently called upon to advise the federal government and its agencies on scientific questions , normally debate controversial issues sedately .
But with the global warming debate becoming increasingly politically charged , the scientists struck back .
" We are deeply disturbed by the recent escalation of political assaults on scientists in general and on climate scientists in particular , " they said in their letter .
" We call for an end to McCarthy - like threats of criminal prosecution against our colleagues based on innuendo and guilt by association , the harassment of scientists by politicians seeking distractions to avoid taking action and the outright lies being spread about them . "
The reference was directed at Sen. James M. Inhofe , R - Okla . , who scoffs at most climate change data as a " hoax " and has threatened a criminal investigation of an international climate science team whose e-mail exchanges were hacked by opponents .
Critics accused the team of manipulating and hiding data regarding climate change .
The scientists were later cleared .
The Heartland Institute , a conservative public policy think tank , brands climate scientists as " global warming alarmists , " and a former director of the National Hurricane Center , who is a strong skeptic , has declared " it is high time to question the true agenda of the ( climate ) scientists " - clearly suggesting that their " agenda " is political , not scientific , and far to the left .
The letter in Science insisted climate change is real .
" There is compelling , comprehensive and consistent objective evidence that humans are changing the climate in ways that threaten our societies and the ecosystem on which we depend , " the scientists ' letter declared .
The lead signer of the letter was Peter Gleick , director of the Pacific Institute for Studies in Development , Environment , and Security in Oakland .
Others from Northern California are at Stanford , UCSF , UC Berkeley and UC Davis .
An editorial in the same issue of the journal also warned that the debate over global warming has become dangerously polarized and noted that several politically inspired lawsuits against federal regulation of greenhouse gas emissions have claimed that " climate change is a conspiracy . "
" The debate has become polarized , " warned the editorial , and as a result " the scientific enterprise and the whole of society are in danger of losing their crucial rational relationship . "
These are just a low resolution samples - get the full resolution versions in our members area right now !
Our model 's all have their own profiles , add them to your member favourites and access them from your home page ..
4:26 pm
Free Press
Groups Urge FCC to Put Consumers First in Retransmission Battles
3:31 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Pesticides Restricted Throughout Bay Area Endangered Species Habitat
3:29 pm
Earthjustice
Fishermen and Conservationists Sue U.S. Department of Interior For Illegal Waivers of Blowout and Spill Response Planning in Gulf of Mexico Disaster
3:26 pm
Haymarket Books
Barred by Israel , Noam Chomsky to Deliver Speech to Palestinian University via Video Feed
3:18 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
Billions of Dollars Leaving State Economies Annually to Import Coal , Report Finds
3:13 pm
Amnesty International
Zimbabwe : 700,000 Forcibly Evicted Still Ignored Five Years On
2:55 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Mexico / US : Obama - Calderón Meeting Questions and Answers
2:25 pm
Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence
Montana " Firearms Freedom Act " Would Arm Criminals , Threaten National Security
TONIGHT'S budget will be an entirely political document like no other in recent years , in a way that utterly exposes the emptiness of both the prime minister and his treasurer .
Now that might seem to be a statement of the bleeding obvious .
Surely all budgets are political .
They are after all put together and delivered by , well , politicians .
Indeed further , by definition , a budget just before an election like this one has to be at least partly directed at the , well , coming election .
So why do I say this is political like no other in recent years ?
Because some of the - indeed , all the - big decisions have been taken purely to get particular numbers in the budget papers .
Again this happens all the time .
You cut or increase , say , health spending with an eye to the bottom line , you do n't cut taxes to avoid sending the budget into deficit , and so on .
What makes this budget different - a return in some senses to a ' Paul Keating future ' - is that some key decisions have been taken entirely to achieve a numerical outcome in the budget papers in a way utterly disconnected to anything of substance .
There are two big ones : the resources rent tax ( RRT ) , or as it is dishonestly titled , the resources super profits tax ; and the ditching of the emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) .
The RRT was unveiled a week ago .
The question that has n't really been asked , and so therefore not answered , is : Why ?
The government had the ( Ken ) Henry tax review for nearly six months .
Why was it necessary to rush it out a week before the budget ?
And then , not simply table the review but deliver the government 's complete if very minimal response to it ?
Nothing in the exercise was time sensitive - the big changes were / are going to start years into the future .
It was n't a beer and cigs exercise where the higher rates applied immediately .
The answer is very simple .
By making the RRT in particular ' official policy ' , the money it raised , the money it is expected by Treasury to raise , will be included in tonight 's figures .
It is not petty cash .
The RRT will raise $ 3 billion in 2012 - 13 and $ 9 billion in 2013 - 14 - the last two years covered by the official budget forecasts .
So purely in order to be able to include $ 12 billion of ( projected ) revenue in the budget papers , Kevin ' Gougher ' Rudd and Wayne ' Riskless ' Swan , were prepared to deceive the resources industry and risk seriously damaging the nation by sowing genuine fear .
The sensible , the grown - up , thing to do would have been to unveil the proposed RRT , subject to discussion .
But then , the money could not have been included in tonight 's budget .
That alone shows both are unfit to continue in their roles .
That they would so wilfully place budget form over policy substance to the nation 's potential detriment .
Then there 's the ETS .
Again , why was it necessary to formally abandon it just before this budget ?
For exactly the same reason ?
Once formally abandoned , the ETS numbers come out of the budget .
Now with the ETS they come out of both sides of the budget .
Both the money expected to be raised by the tax and the money handed out in compensation .
So if formally ending it is budget neutral , why do it ?
The answer is even more damning of Rudd and Swan - and also a very big warning to anyone who believes they have really abandoned it .
It is all about only the one side - the spending side .
Removing the compensation - totally artificially - cuts spending by over $ 10 billion a year from 2012 - 13 .
But if it also removes a similar sum from the revenue side , what 's the point ?
The answer is that it enables the government to deliver on its promise to keep spending growth to 2 per cent year .
So we have a prime minister who welches on " our greatest moral challenge " purely - sorry , only - to meet a completely artificial budget number .
And an utterly meaningless number at that .
A third big decision does n't produce quite this sort of empty fiscal chicanery , but comes close ; and also shows the aimless deviousness of our current ' leaders ' .
It 's the NBN - the National Broadband Network .
Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner was gloating the other day that the opposition could n't ' save ' the $ 43 billion earmarked for the NBN by cancelling it , because it was an ' investment ' by the government and so not in the budget ' spending numbers ' .
Again that 's a sterile , utterly childish but potentially seriously damaging exercise in fiscal form over substance .
Of course , we would save $ 43 billion of real money if we abandoned the utter waste and stupidity of the NBN .
In Tanner 's world , do n't worry about the waste of real taxpayer money , just focus on the artificial numbers in a budget .
Tonight we will get a hollow document from a cabinet of hollow children .
To think there was a time when we had grown - ups running the country .
Originally published as Budget to get a big poli-tick
Meet Anil kumar who has a hearing disability .
He used to work in a papad factory earning Rs.1500 a month for a daily workload of 10 hours .
Then he came to know about Noida Deaf Society and enrolled for their English course in the year 2007 .
Eventually he got placed in Leela Kempinski Hotels , Gurgaon much to his joy and satisfaction .
“ I have learnt to commit to my job from NDS , and the value of having a good job and a regular salary , ” says Anil .
Noida Deaf Society was started in the year 2005 single - handedly by Ruma Roka and now this organization is impacting over 300 students through its various courses .
Here is an interview of Ruma on NDS , her inspiration and the impact she is creating :
Ruma : I always wanted to do something for the less privileged in our society .
In 2004 I learnt the Indian Sign Language .
This got me in touch with the deaf community and I started researching about the deaf , their issues and the needs .
The more time I spent with the deaf , the more I realized the need to do something .
There was no looking back from that point .
I realized that there were complex issues facing the deaf in the country including lack of education facilities , lack of resources especially designed keeping the needs of the deaf in mind , no avenues for holistic development and so on .
Most importantly there is no access to quality training leading to sustainable livelihood .
I found that in India deaf education was in a bad condition .
Deaf students are often forced to speak and use of sign language is discouraged .
I also found that since schools are not really preparing the deaf for a responsible and independent life , the deaf end up in menial jobs and get deeply frustrated .
To address some of these issues and to bring about a positive change in this marginalized community , I started an organization called Noida Deaf Society ( NDS ) in 2005 .
I started from a small two bed room flat belonging to my husband .
I just had five students and I was the only trainer .
Through word of mouth the organization started growing .
We started teaching English using sign language – since we believe that if the deaf picked up English , they could communicate in the workplace with the written word and hence be employable in multiple professions .
Thereafter we started training in basics of IT and subsequently expanded trainings to include Life Skills , Grooming , Desktop publishing and graphics and work ethics .
When I started , I was the only trainer but today we are a strong team of 15 which includes 12 deaf trainers and support staff .
What are the projects NDS adopts ?
How does it go about executing them ?
Ruma :
Our goal is to enable the complete integration of the deaf into the mainstream through education and specialized vocational programs leading to gainful employment .
At Noida Deaf Society we understand the constraints of the Deaf and focus on their abilities to bring out the best in them .
We have used the visual medium of IT to enable learning .
Training programs are conducted by Deaf trainers as we feel that they best understand the needs of the Deaf and also act as role models for the community .
Training is conducted in Indian Sign Language using visual aids and multimedia based material .
Our trainings have been developed based on market research and are job oriented in nature .
Training in Life Skills and Work Ethics is a key focus area towards preparing the youth for employment .
Regular exposure to the industry is provided through guest lectures by professionals , industry visits and workshops .
We are also actively engaging with the industry to build sensitivity and raise awareness about the Deaf through workshops , mentoring programs , collaborative industrial training , employee volunteering and sign language orientation .
We have so far been able to employ over 170 youth in leading organizations in profiles such as Graphic Designing , Backend IT and Data Entry , Retail , Hospitality , Teaching , Export Houses , Production Units and so on .
Promotion
Could you share with us some of the success stories of NDS ?
Rumi : Anil Kumar , whom you have already noted about , is one such story .
The other is that of Rattan Kumar .
Rattan joined the MS Office course at Noida Deaf Society in January 2009 .
Opportunity knocked when he was close to finishing his course in the form of a contract data entry job at Mobile Creches .
They wanted a part time data entry operator .
Rattan worked hard and managed well to switch between his roles of a student and of a data entry operator .
After his contract got over he was placed in ITC Maurya in Delhi in August 2009 .
His performance there has been so good that ITC has asked for more candidates from NDS .
He has truly been a role model for the deaf and has made us very proud .
Despite of coming from a weak family background ( separated parents ) he has given the best of himself to society .
We have many such success stories put up on our website too .
What are your future plans with NDS ?
Ruma :
Our student strength is increasing day by day and it is becoming difficult for us to operate from the current facilities .
We would like to build a state of the art vocational training insitute for the Deaf , the only one of its kind in the country where we can offer training in multiple trades and enable the deaf to access employment .
A permanent facility will also help us to reach out to the many Deaf in the country and enable them to lead meaningful lives .
Introduction of new training programs like computer networking and hardware is also on the cards .
Another thing that I would like to see happen in the near future is a digitized teaching & learning material for improving English literacy .
Do you have any volunteer or employment requirements that might interest our readers ?
Ruma :
Yes we do have a vibrant volunteer program where people from all walks of life especially professionals are contibuting towards skill development of our students .
We also have employee volunteering programs with many corporates including NIIT and Mphasis .
However , we first encourage people to learn Sign language as then they will be able to contribute in a more meaningful manner .
We essentially need help in employment linkages , fundraising , specialized training in computer networking and hardware .
One could n't help but notice the slightly smug note of this morning 's Google I/O keynote on the upcoming Android OS , codenamed Froyo .
It plays nicely with Flash and HTML 5 .
It does native and web apps .
It makes devices run faster than the iPad .
It streams music from iTunes or any other desktop music library .
It does painless , wireless tethering .
It makes transferring apps from the desktop to mobile completely automatic .
It makes the iPhone look like a clunky , locked - down piece of junk , in so many words .
But why waste time being humble when Android 's advances are so significant and so welcomed by developers , users , advertisers and others in the mobile community ?
The Google execs who presented this morning did n't need to belabor these points ; attending developers started cheering the second the slides were flashed onto the huge auditorium screen .
Were these cheers the crazed adulation of loyalists and fanboys ?
While this room is undoubtedly full of Google fans , there is a case to be made : Google is , in fact , doing it right in a few areas where Apple is doing it wrong .
The company has the advantage of relative — for a major American corporation — openness , a value that has extended to allow for device and network agnosticism , a wide variety of mobile apps , the open - sourcing of a huge amount of code , and now , even more access and choice for users with the Android OS 2.2 upgrades .
The choice to view Flash content is one example of this " openness . "
Although Google vigorously supports HTML5 , it 's maintained Flash support because it allows them to serve the needs of users ; it 's " do as you like , " not " do as I say . "
The company loses no developers and alienates no users with this strategy .
Clearly , there 's no wrong way to run a company , unless you 're running it into the ground .
Google and Apple have each built hugely successful businesses on polar opposite ideologies .
And as long as everyone 's making money , at least in laissez - faire capitalism , is anyone really wrong ?
Time will tell whether Google 's brand of " open " will yield long - term growth or whether Apple 's increasingly closed and dictatorial approach to consumer electronics will actually pave the way for better devices and features .
But at least for today , Google is firing the shots with Froyo , and Apple cannot respond .
image courtesy of iStockphoto , MartinPrescott
Today ’s Penny Arcade gives a funny , but accurate example of someone breaking social contract .
I talk a lot about people needing to buy in to playing the same game , and you can see where this kind of thing would be the opposite of that .
Consider that these are vastly different games :
1 ) “ We ’re playing a campaign of D&D , set in this world , where we ’ll beat Tiamat at the end of the campaign ! ”
2 ) “ We ’re playing a campaign of D&D , set in this world , and we go find our own direction / do what we want . ”
3 ) “ We ’re playing a campaign of D&D , and maybe we end up in different settings . ”
4 ) “ We ’re playing a campaign in D&D , but maybe there ’s a switcheroo and we end up in Gamma World or Paranoia ! ”
If everyone agreed to any ONE of these understandings , consider that comic again and think of whether that kind of hijinks would even happen .
Then , consider , if people are coming to play without a common understanding , is the problem really the Deck of Many Things , Wish Spells , or whatever in - game fiction or mechanic ?
( See also : “ I develop gunpowder in your fantasy game ! ” , “ My knight of the round table is a Ninja from the Far East ! ” , etc. )
Design vs. Culture
Modern rpg design tends to deal with this in two ways .
Either :
a) High levels of specificity – in terms of design , setting , color , etc .
The game does one thing explicitly , or ;
b ) Expectation of Social Contract – leave it unremarked and hope the group has enough social contract understanding to work it out .
You could see most of the “ how do we work with this game ? ” conversations online , being broadly under these two categories with a common issue of , “ Does your group have a functioning social contract and are you playing the same game ? ”
BP , operating with the U.S. Coast Guard and the Minerals Management Service , yesterday conducted a controlled burn on parts of an offshore oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
U.S. government officials have revised estimates of the Macondo spill 's volume to 5,000 barrels per day , or five times the original figure .
The revised spill estimate was made public by the US National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
The operator continues to escalate its response plan following the sinking of the Transocean Deepwater Horizon and subsequent release from the Mississippi Canyon 252 well ( Macondo ) .
During a flyover on Tuesday , April 27 at 5:00 p.m. ( CST ) , the Coast Guard identified a rainbow sheen approximately 600 miles in circumference with areas of emulsified crude in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico .
The edge of the sheen was approximately 23 miles off the coast of Louisiana .
Five staging areas are in place and ready to protect sensitive shorelines .
Improved weather for vessels and aircraft is aiding in the dispersion of the sheen that comprises the vast majority of the spill and is enabling skimming vessels to operate far offshore and aircraft to fly multiple dispersant sorties .
Weathering and dispersion tactics are breaking down the oil into a frothy emulsion .
Fire boom has also been deployed to contain and burn heavier pockets of oil .
The latest response numbers are :
More than 100,000 feet of boom ( barrier ) has been assigned to contain the spill .
An additional 286,760 feet is available and 320,460 feet has been ordered .
To date , the oil spill response team has recovered 16,311 barrels ( 685,062 gallons ) of an oil - water mix .
Vessels are in place and continuing recovery operations .
69 response vessels are being used including skimmers , tugs , barges and recovery vessels .
76,104 gallons of dispersant have been deployed and an additional 89,746 gallons are available .
BP is working closely with Gulf Coast state environmental officials to implement an extensive shoreline protection plan .
This includes deployment of more than 100,000 feet of boom over the last two days to minimize impact to sensitive areas in the Mississippi River Delta area .
Staging areas are also in place and ready to protect sensitive shorelines .
These areas include : Biloxi , Miss. , Pensacola , Fla . Venice , La. , Pascagoula , Miss. , and Theodore , Ala .
BP , as operator of the MC252 lease , continues to work around - the - clock on Transocean 's subsea equipment .
Remotely - operated vehicles are monitoring the well and riser .
Monitoring has detected an additional leak on the riser closer to the well .
ROVs also continue to methodically work through procedures aimed at subsea activation of the blow - out preventer on the MC252 well .
In parallel with these offshore efforts , advanced engineering design and fabrication of a subsea oil collection system has started onshore .
This will be the first time this proven shallow water technology has been adapted for the deepwater .
It is expected to be ready for deployment within the next four weeks .
BP also today began preparations to drill a relief well into the MC252 exploration well following the arrival on site of the Transocean Development Driller III .
Drilling plans have been approved by the U.S. Minerals Management Service .
A second drilling ship , Transocean 's Discoverer Enterprise , is also on its way to the site with plans being developed for a second relief well should it be necessary .
Preliminary estimates indicate that current efforts to contain the spill and secure the well are costing the MC252 owners about $ 6 million per day .
This figure is expected to rise as activity increases .
BP has a 65 percent interest in MC252 .
Rescue NET for Lupus patients
Scientists find a new insight into Lupus pathogenesis
Lupus is a disease where the immune system attacks healthy cells of the body .
This leads to progressive damage of different tissues and organs .
The classical characteristic of the disease is the so - called butterfly rash in the face .
Many Lupus patients eventually die of kidney failure .
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology in Berlin together with medical scientists from the University of Erlangen succeeded in elucidating basic principles of the disease .
This opens up new perspectives for methods that might enable early diagnosis and treatment of Lupus patients with a high risk at kidney failure .
( PNAS , May 3 , 2010 )
White blood cells and NETs in a healthy person ( scanning electron microscopy ) .
© Volker Brinkmann
White blood cells and NETs in a healthy person ( scanning electron microscopy ) .
© Volker Brinkmann
Lupus is one of the most common autoimmune diseases .
The symptoms vary from patient to patient and can include rashes , muscle and joint pain , fatigue , inflammation , and miscarriage .
One third of the patients die of kidney failure .
Little is known about the origin and the pathogenesis of this disease .
Diagnosis is difficult because many symptoms are common with other diseases .
The hallmark of Lupus is that the body produces antibodies against its own DNA , certain proteins of the nucleus and of white blood cells .
The course of the disease is characterized by flares which are often triggered by infections .
After a flare the health of the patient improves but often there are sequelae , resulting in a continuous exacerbation of the disease .
Scientists of the Max Planck Institute for Infection Biology suspected that an immune mechanism that was only recently discovered by them , plays a key role in Lupus : During an infection , white blood cells are stimulated and extrude nets in which they trap and kill pathogens ( fig. 1 ) .
This NET ( an acronym for Neutrophil Extracellular Traps ) is composed of exactly those components against which a Lupus patient produces antibodies : DNA , as well as proteins of the nucleus and the white blood cells ( fig. 2 ) .
In co-operation with clinical scientists from the University of Erlangen , the Max Planck scientists could show for the first time that , in contrast to healthy persons , a part of the Lupus patients could not degrade NETs after the infection .
White blood cells and NETs in a Lupus patient .
The DNA in NETs is shown in blue , the antibodies binding to the NET are shown in red ( fluorescence microscopy ) .
© Volker Brinkmann
White blood cells and NETs in a Lupus patient .
The DNA in NETs is shown in blue , the antibodies binding to the NET are shown in red ( fluorescence microscopy ) .
© Volker Brinkmann
The scientists also discovered that NETs are degraded by the enzyme DNase - 1 , a protein which normally is found in the blood .
Lupus patients , however , either lack this enzyme or their DNase - 1 is blocked .
Further examination of this patient group revealed that the remains of NETs together with the auto- antibodies are deposited in the kidneys of SLE patients .
Indeed , the scientists showed a strong correlation between the inability to degrade NETs in Lupus and a high risk of kidney failure .
These results provide a starting point for the development of a test that might allow an early diagnosis and treatment of these high risk patients .
CANBERRA , Australia —
One evening this week , fitness instructor Michael Montgomery tried to spur four dozen exercisers through a frenetic routine of lunges and jumping jacks by applying a tried - and - true prod — a Britney Spears tune .
" Gimme gimme more , gimme more , gimme gimme more , " rang the lyrics of the 2007 song , which is called " Gimme More . "
The words , however , were n't sung by Ms. Spears , but by an almost - but - not - quite soundalike cover artist identified as Mandy Brewer .
The song is one of scores of cover songs played by the outlet of the international Fitness First chain in response to new tariffs Australian gyms must pay if they play original , copyrighted recordings in classes .
In a ruling this week , the Copyright Tribunal of Australia ruled that music is essential to fitness classes , and artists should be paid accordingly .
The tribunal raised tariffs for playing original artists ' recordings to roughly 85 cents ( A$ 1 ) per class participant — capped at about $ 13 per class — boosting the annual tab for the typical Australian fitness center from around $ 1,300 to more than $ 19,000 .
Jeremy Hunt : a minister and his memory hole
This entry was posted on
Thursday , May 20th , 2010 at
9:47 am and is filed
under Teh Interwebs , The Political Weblog Movement , Tories !
Tories !
Tories !.
My main issue with our new Minister for the Internets is the scant regard he has for the general web community .
At times , it ’s almost as if our ways are completely alien to him , and stuff that seems obvious or second nature to us completely escapes him .
That , or he ’s one of those two - faced bastards who really do n’t give a tuppeny stuff .
[ Psst !
I suspect the latter given the way he ’s repeatedly turned a blind eye to local Tory web activists smearing an opponent as a paedophile ( and me as a computer criminal ) .
You need to be a special brand of bastard to stand by and allow that kind of stuff to go on in your neighbourhood when it suits you . ]
Recently , I revealed that Jeremy Hunt does n’t maintain an archive on his ‘ blog ’ ; he just throws old entries away , comments and all , never to appear again .
He does n’t even understand ( or care ) how impolite this is to the people who trust him with those comments .
And now the election is over and he ’s got what he wanted from his Twitter audience , Jeremy Hunt has just deleted almost every tweet he made during the election .
Tellingly , he has had time to make dozens of manual deletions , but has not even bothered to update his profile , which still reads as follows :
Conservative Parliamentary Candidate for South West Surrey and Shadow Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport
Here ’s a screen capture of the only tweets left on his Twitter account today :
And here , for the record , are twenty of the tweets that Jeremy Hunt tried to erase from history .
Note how it begins with a pledge to his constituents ; the link to this has been erased , and the pledge itself is also due for deletion soon ( along with everything else that turns up on his ‘ blog ’ ) .
Does Jeremy
Hunt not know or care what message this sends about his commitment to that pledge or any other ?
– My pledge to South West Surrey : http://www.jeremyhunt.org/
blog.aspx
12:41 PM May 3rd via web – Good canvassing in Haslemere yesterday , visiting Frensham , Wrecclesham , Godalming & North Farnham today
9:06 AM May 1st via Twikini – Nick Clegg contradicted LD policy on benefits , Steve Webb says JSA should be unconditional # leadersdebate
9:47 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Oh so Nick does support anmesty now….#leadersdebate
9:27 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – U turn on anmesty by Clegg after u turn on euro – what next ?
# leadersdebate
9:25 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Ahem Brown visited manufacturer today where worker told him company was flourishing DESPITE him #leadersdebate
9:15 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Clegg shameless u turn distancing himself from euro which he championed last year #leadersdebate
9:06 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – So Nick Clegg has never accepted donations from fund managers then ?
Mmmmm#leadersdebate
9:02 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Best explanation from DC ever on why Conservatives will rein in bankers # leadersdebate
8:59 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Who are the vice chancellors of parties Nick?#leadersdebate
8:46 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Keep grinning Gordon wins us millions of votes # leadersdebate
8:44 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Just arriving in Chippenham to help our brilliant candidate Wilfred EJ & greeted by a downpour .
Need a Wiltshire cuppa
12:30 PM Apr 29th via Twikini – Just been canvassing in Portsmouth with our candidate Flick Drummond & did n’t meet a single LibDem voter
11:05 AM Apr 29th via Twikini – Wilkinson_David : Off to BBC London Election Special in Stratford with @jowellt @jeremy_hunt @thomasbrake @georgegalloway
Hope I can get a question in
4:48 PM Apr 27th via web
Retweeted by Jeremy_Hunt – # leadersdebate Gordon Brown just made biggest gaffe of campaign but denying responsibility for Labour leaflets
9:02 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini – Do n’t think Miriam will be inviting DC for tea and cake # leadersdebate
8:54 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini – @leadersdebate best exposition ever from DC of Big Society
8:50 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini – @leadersdebate Clegg ‘u ca n’t keep a lid on sin ’ does he want to be next pope ?
8:39 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini – @leadersdebate Nick Clegg script : there ’s always an easy answer even when there is n’t e.g nuclear
8:33 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini – @leadersdebate Brown has n’t flown because he shut the flipping airspace
8:27 PM Apr 22nd via Twikini
[ Twitter users may note that Hunt begins the Leaders ’ Debate a little bit confused about the difference between a username and a hashtag .
I ’ve left these dead links in place , as they ’re instructive .
You may also note that there are no replies .
Yes , this sample is typical .
To Hunt , Twitter was very much a one - way channel . ]
–
UPDATE ( 1 pm ) – Jeremy Hunt has responded by ( finally ) updating his profile … and deleting the three remaining tweets on his account !
I think by this stage it ’s pretty safe to guess what the underlying message is from the new Minister for the Internets :
UPDATE ( 8 pm ) – Almost forgot to update with a link to today ’s Telegraph article , including a response from Mr Hunt ’s office :
Telegraph – Jeremy Hunt deletes all tweets critical of Nick Clegg and Liberal Democrats : Many of Mr Hunt ’s tweets criticising the Lib Dems are potentially embarrassing given the Lib - Con coalition , but a spokeswoman for the minister denied there was any attempt to airbrush the past .
All of the South West Surrey MP ’s campaign tweets have now been deleted because his ministerial role represents “ a new chapter and we are starting afresh ” , she said .
The spokeswoman added : “ They were pre-government and we are now tweeting post - government .
He is going to carry on tweeting , and his updates will appear on the DCMS website . ”
She confirmed that Mr Hunt updated his Twitter account personally , and would continue to do so .
He has more than 3,000 followers .
Jeremy
Hunt later attempted to reassure us in person with this tweet , in which he appears to imply that some concerns may not be genuine :
Problem is , no - one ’s really buying it , and that he thinks this to be the issue shows once again that Hunt has n’t even begun to get it .
[ Psst ! Jeremy !
It is not just about what you do / do n’t have to hide .
It is about the way you pretend that things were never said .
It is about the way you refuse to stand by what you publish and simply erase it instead .
If those tweets were of no consequence , then why not leave them be ?
If you regretted them and did n’t wish to stand by them , why not issue a retraction and / or an apology to Nick Clegg ( and others ) ?
Oh , and perhaps have the courtesy to explain to us voters why your position has changed on any / all of it .
Do n’t pretend the latter concept is insignificant or alien to you ; during the election and long before that , throughout your political career , you ’ve challenged others to stand by or account for their past statements , and you damn well know it . ]
Back in December I wrote a piece where I stated that California was likely to default on its obligations .
Let ’s say the state ’s leaders were less than pleased .
California Treasurer Bill Lockyer ’s office asserted that I knew “ nothing about California bonds , or the risk the State will default on its payments . ”
My assessment , they asserted , “ is nothing more than irresponsible fear - mongering with no basis in reality , only roots in ignorance .
Since it issued its first bond , California has never , not once , defaulted on a bond payment . ”
For good measure they labeled as " ludicrous ” my comment that the Governor and Legislature may not be able to solve the budget problem next year because “ debt service is subject to continuous appropriation .
That means we do n’t even need a budget to make debt service payments . ”
The Department of Finance was also not amused .
They resented my prediction that California is on the verge of a default of its bond debt .
They insisted that the state has
“ multiple times more cash coverage than we need to make our debt service payments . “
" There are three fail - safe mechanisms in place to ensure that debt service payments are made in full and on schedule . ”
" Going back as far as the Great Depression , California has never -- ever -- missed a scheduled payment to a bondholder or a noteholder .
Not during the recession of the early 1980s .
Not during the collapse of the defense industry in the early 1990s .
Not during the dot - com collapse of the early 2000s .
And not now .
And we , along with the Treasurer and the Controller , will continue to ensure that this streak will never be broken . "
I am not alone in being taken to the state woodshed .
More recently , Lloyd C. Blankfein , Chairman of the Board and CEO of Goldman , Sachs & Co. received this letter from Lockyer ’s office , a letter that was ridiculed by The Financial Times ’ Spencer Jacob here .
Once you get past the name calling , California has two arguments .
One argument is that California has never defaulted ; therefore it will never default .
This is , of course , absolutely absurd , insulting our intelligence .
Every person , corporation or other entity that has ever defaulted on a loan has been able to say , at least once , that they have never defaulted .
As they say in finance : Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance .
California ’s second argument is that it has both a constitutional requirement to meet certain debt payments and the cash to do so .
That ’s nice .
I have no idea what a constitutional requirement to meet debt payment means , but it does n’t mean that California will always pay its bills .
California has a constitutional requirement to have a balanced budget every June .
That constitutional requirement is ignored almost every year .
It was ignored last year .
It will be ignored this year .
It will be ignored next year , unless the Feds have bailed out California , relegating the state ’s legislature to rubber - stamp status .
California ’s constitutional requirement to meet debt payments will mean nothing when the state ’s financial crisis comes .
It wo n’t mean anything if a debt issue or rollover ca n’t be sold .
It wo n’t mean anything if the state has no cash , and banks refuse to honor California ’s vouchers .
The relevant analysis begins with the recognition that California is too big to fail , which means it will fail .
Since there is no procedure for a state to file bankruptcy , the solution to California ’s financial crisis will be chaotic .
What does it look like when the government of the world ’s eighth largest economy can’t pay its employees , or pay its suppliers , or meet its obligations to school districts , counties , cities or other local government agencies ?
It looks ugly , ugly enough to have huge economic ramifications far beyond California ’s borders .
It looks ugly enough to mean that California is too big to fail , and that ’s why we will have a financial crisis .
Once something ( a bank , a car manufacturer , a state ) is too big to fail it has perverse incentives .
A moral hazard is created because of the free insurance .
In California ’s case , the moral hazard is exacerbated by a system that assigns responsibility to no one .
The super - majority requirement means that both parties will escape blame , and the required cooperation of the legislature will absolve the governor .
The governor will blame the legislature .
The Republicans will blame the Democrats .
The Democrats will blame the Republicans .
The citizens will blame the political class .
Talking heads will blame an allegedly fickle electorate .
Everyone will point fingers , but the blame will not settle on anyone .
In the end , blame will not matter .
No one in a position of power in California has the incentive to make the tough decisions needed to avoid a crisis .
So , no one will .
Indeed , at this point everyone has an incentive to not make any hard decisions .
A bailout from the Feds will be a wealth transfer from the citizens of other states to California ’s citizens .
The incentive is to drag things out , to appear to be working on the problem , to maximize the eventual windfall .
I ’d love to see California ’s political class show some leadership , step up , and effectively deal with the state ’s financial problems , but that really is unlikely , requiring as it will , tough decisions on spending priorities and taxes and foregoing a windfall .
Ultimately , money usually trumps character .
Bill Watkins is a professor at California Lutheran University and runs the Center for Economic Research and Forecasting , which can be found at clucerf.org .
Photo by pirate_renee
Sarkozy Silenced French Conservatives Shook by Regional Election Defeat
Nicolas Sarkozy made himself scarce after his party 's bitter defeat in regional elections on Sunday .
In an unusual move for him , he avoided the spotlight , instead sending out his prime minister to explain the conservatives ' setback .
Even his friends in the UMP are now criticizing the president .
Rep. Jane Harman , a leader on intelligence issues in the House , will help lead training sessions on how to talk about terrorism .
| REUTERS
Dems go to talking - terrorism school
House Democrats have found a way to address Republicans ’ polling advantage on national security : Teach candidates a better way to talk about the issue .
While President Barack Obama still outpolls congressional Republicans on national security , a new Third Way / Greenberg Quinlan Rosner poll out Monday gives the GOP the edge in a generic Republican vs. Democrat matchup on the issue .
And the problem is particularly acute for Democratic women : A study to be published in the Journal of Women , Politics & Policy shows support for Democratic women drops 11 percent when public fear of terrorism is high .
Advertisement
To combat the problem , House Democrats have asked Third Way , the centrist Democratic think tank , and California Rep. Jane Harman , a leader on intelligence issues in the House , to help lead training sessions on the issue .
“ The Democratic approach on security — or at least my approach — is that we know how to be tough and smart , not tough and reckless , ” said Harman , a Blue Dog whose district is home to an enormous Air Force base and a number of intelligence contractors .
“ For some Democrats , this is difficult . ”
Rep. Gerry Connolly ( D - Va. ) attended one of Harman ’s sessions when he was running for office in 2008 .
Now the president of the Democratic freshman class , he helped lead a session for other Democrats late last month .
He said his party has to “ avoid the trap of looking soft and weak ” and that “ there are strong adverbs , adjectives and verbs as opposed to weak . ”
One example he offered : “ I ’m going to fight for American interests abroad ” as opposed to “ I ’m going to defend American values . ”
“ Not that one is better than the other , but in language , one is more assertive and one ’s stronger , and that ’s where we need to be .
Words matter , ” he said .
“ The other side has paid a lot of attention to which words do you want to use .
Democrats do n’t always take this seriously . ”
Republicans scoffed at the classes .
“ The fact that Democrats have to train their own candidates on how to talk about defending America is an indictment not just of their candidates but of their policies , as well , ” said Ken Spain , communications director for the National Republican Congressional Committee .
“ Our candidates ’ message is simple : Stop treating terrorists like common criminals , do n’t import terrorists into our communities and listen to our military and intelligence officials instead of attacking them . ”
But Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said that national security will be an issue in the 2010 campaigns — and that it makes sense for Democratic candidates to be prepared for it .
“ We ’ve discussed a lot of the domestic policy issues , the economy , jobs with them , but we obviously want to prepare them to focus on national security issues and the issue of fighting terrorism , ” Van Hollen told POLITICO .
More than a dozen Democratic contenders attended a training session Feb. 25 : Ami Bera , who ’s running against Rep. Dan Lungren ( R - Calif . ) ; Paula Brooks , who ’s running against Rep. Patrick Tiberi ( R - Ohio ) ; John Carney , who ’s seeking an open seat in Delaware ; Tom White , who ’s challenging Rep. Lee Terry ( R - Neb . ) ; Bryan Lentz , an Iraq war veteran who ’s seeking an open seat in Pennsylvania ; Suzan DelBene , who ’s aiming for the seat of Rep. Dave Reichert ( R - Wash . ) ; Steve Pougnet , who ’s running against Rep. Mary Bono Mack ( R - Calif . ) ; Jon Hulburd , who ’s seeking an open seat in Arizona ; Chris Craft , who ’s running against Rep. Tom Rooney ( R - Fla . ) ; Scott Harper , who ’s running against Rep. Judy Biggert ( R - Ill . ) ; Juan LaFonta and Cedric Richmond , who are looking to challenge Rep .
Anh “ Joseph ” Cao ( R - La. ) ; Grier Raggio , who is running against Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) and Ravi Sangisetty , who is seeking an open seat in Louisiana .
Third Way co-founder Matt Bennett said Democrats face different challenges this year than they did in 2006 and 2008 .
Bennett said the traditional Republican - Democrat security gap “ closed dramatically in 2006 , ” largely because of President George W. Bush ’s handling of the Iraq war , “ and it closed to zero in 2008 because of hopefulness over Obama . ”
But he said the new Third Way poll shows the gap is starting to return .
“ Being in power means elections are referendums about you and your party , and that ’s always harder , ” he said .
“ We said in ’08 : Define your opponent as reckless and out of touch because that ’s how voters were thinking about Bush , as reckless , and [ GOP presidential nominee Sen. John ] McCain , as out of touch .
This time it ’s defining Democrats , and people do n’t really think about them in terms of security . ”
Vanderbilt University professor Elizabeth Zechmeister , co-author of the upcoming study in the Journal of Women , Politics & Policy , said Republican men get a 14 percent boost when people are worried about terrorism .
“ Democratic women suffer when the terror issue is salient .
If the Democrats are going to try to wrestle ownership of the terrorism issue from the Republicans , they want to be working hard to distinguish themselves on that issue and acting as tough as Republicans , ” she said .
Congressional Republicans have stepped up attacks on Democrats in the wake of the attempted bombing of a Northwest airliner Christmas Day and have hammered the Obama administration for its attempts to try Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other accused Sept. 11 conspirators in federal courts in New York City .
While administration officials have signaled they will move the KSM trials back to military commissions , the issue has already provided plenty of ammunition for Republican candidates running against vulnerable Democrats .
“ There was unfortunately a vacuum for a while , but there is a clear rebuttal to that , ” Harman said .
“ There ’s a 90 percent conviction rate in federal court .
I ’m not against military commissions , but we need a number of options .
We need the federal courts . ”
Among other things , Democrats believe they can make gains by using the word “ torture ” rather than “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
In an Angus Reid poll conducted in February , a majority of respondents said “ torture ” is seldom if ever justified , while a majority said “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” are justified always or at least most of the time .
“ On the idea of torture , ” Connolly said , “ in addition to the fact that it ’s not an American value , it ’s also not very effective .
Oh and by the way , rather than waterboarding the underwear bomber , we used his family , who got him to sing like a canary . ”
While polls currently show voters more concerned about the economy and jobs than about national security and terrorism , Bennett said Democrats have to be prepared for the issue to take center stage again .
“ Inevitably , in a post 9/11 era , security always comes back , ” he said .
“ It never goes away for long .
And we know this is going to happen repeatedly , and that ’s why we ’re telling these guys that you need to get out and define yourselves affirmatively or else your opponent and external events will conspire to define you . ”
Mr. Fryar said that for a second day , crews were injecting chemical dispersant into the oil as it flowed from the main leak .
Dispersant , which is more conventionally used on the water surface , breaks the oil into small droplets and reduces its buoyancy , so it will sink to the bottom .
Mr. Fryar said technicians were trying to determine whether it would be possible to inject the dispersant directly into the riser deep under the water so that it would mix better with the flowing oil .
“ We think this dispersant is highly effective , ” he said .
“ We ’re hoping the oil wo n’t make it to the surface . ”
The impact of chemical dispersants on deepwater ecology is unclear .
Closer to land , crews continued to put out booms to stop the oil and were training volunteers in Mississippi and Florida to help minimize the impact if the slick reaches the beach , said John Curry , head of external affairs at BP .
Speaking to reporters in the rain in Venice , La. , after talking with response teams that have amassed on the coast to try to stem the tide of oil lapping the shoreline , Mr. Obama vowed that the government would keep up the pressure on BP .
While he did not criticize the company in his public remarks , Mr. Obama ’s comments reflected increased frustration in the administration with BP ’s inability to plug the oil leak .
The president again reiterated that American taxpayers would not foot the bill .
“ BP is responsible for this leak — BP will be paying the bill , ” Mr. Obama said .
Mr. Obama had initially not planned to visit the region until later this week at the earliest , White House officials said Friday afternoon .
But by late Friday night , with criticism mounting that the government ’s response was too slow , White House officials decided that the president needed to make the trip to the gulf on Sunday .
Image President Obama spoke to reporters in Victoria , La. , on Sunday .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
White House officials sent two Cabinet officials to appear on the Sunday television talk shows with the message that the administration was doing everything it could to take control of the spill and that it had been involved from the beginning .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said on Fox News Sunday that the government had an “ all hands on deck ” approach to the disaster .
An asshole father tied his 8 year old son to a post and tried to auction him off .
Yong Tsui wanted to sell his boy as a slave because he could no longer afford to take care of him .
He put up a table with a sign on it , giving the youngster ’s name and age and boasting of his capacity for hard work .
When a few bidders asked how much the boy needed to eat , angry bystanders finally stepped in and gave the dad a well deserved asskicking .
An officer said : “ He has no job , no home and no money .
He says he was n’t interested in money , just finding a home for the boy . ”
Yong Tsui says he was inspired by the family who chained their 2 year old to a post while they were at work , so that she would n’t be kidnapped .
Logical parents are logical .
source
In this User Agreement :
1. Introduction
2. About eBay
3. Using eBay
4. Policy Enforcement
5. Fees and Taxes
6. Listing Conditions
7. Purchase Conditions
8. International Buying , Selling , and Shipping ; Translation
9. Content
10 . Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512 ( c ) of Title 17 of the United States Code
11 . Holds and Restricted Funds
12 . Authorization to Contact You ; Recording Calls
13 . Additional Terms
14 . Managed Payments
15 . Disclaimer of Warranties ; Limitation of Liability
16 . Release
17 . Indemnity
18 . Legal Disputes
19 . General
1. Introduction
This User Agreement , the Mobile Application Terms of Use , and all policies and additional terms posted on and in our sites , applications , tools and services ( collectively " Services " ) set out the terms on which eBay offers you access to and use of our Services .
You can find an overview of our policies here .
The Mobile Application Terms of Use , all policies and additional terms posted on and in our Services are incorporated into this User Agreement .
You agree to comply with all terms of this User Agreement when accessing or using our Services .
The entity you are contracting with is : eBay Inc. , 2025 Hamilton Ave. , San Jose , CA 95125 , if you reside in the United States ; eBay ( UK ) Limited , 1 More London Place , London , SE1 2AF , United Kingdom , if you reside in the United Kingdom ; eBay GmbH , Albert - Einstein - Ring 2 - 6 , 14532 Kleinmachnow , Germany , if you reside outside the United Kingdom but within the European Union ; eBay Canada Limited , 500 King Street West , Suite 200 , Toronto , ON M5V 1L9 , Canada , if you reside in Canada ; eBay Singapore Services Pte Ltd. , 10 Collyer Quay , # 10-01 Ocean Financial Centre , Singapore 049315 , if you reside in India ; and eBay Marketplaces GmbH , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 , Bern , Switzerland , if you reside in any other country .
In this User Agreement , these entities are individually and collectively referred to as " eBay , " " we , " or " us . "
Please be advised that this User Agreement contains provisions that govern how claims you and we have against each other are resolved ( see " Disclaimer of Warranties ; Limitation of Liability " and " Legal Disputes " provisions below ) .
It also contains an Agreement to Arbitrate which will , with limited exception , require you to submit claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration , unless you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate ( see Legal Disputes , Section B ( " Agreement to Arbitrate " ) ) .
If you do not opt out : ( 1 ) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis , not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and ( 2 ) you will only be permitted to seek relief ( including monetary , injunctive , and declaratory relief ) on an individual basis .
2. About eBay
e Bay is a marketplace that allows users to offer , sell and buy just about anything in a variety of pricing formats and locations .
The actual contract for sale is directly between the seller and buyer .
eBay is not a traditional auctioneer .
Any guidance we provide as part of our Services , such as pricing , shipping , listing , and sourcing is solely informational and you may decide to follow it or not .
Also , while we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes through various programs , eBay has no control over and does not guarantee : the existence , quality , safety or legality of items advertised ; the truth or accuracy of users ' content or listings ; the ability of sellers to sell items ; the ability of buyers to pay for items ; or that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction or return an item .
3. Using eBay
In connection with using or accessing our Services you will not :
post , list or upload content or items in inappropriate categories or areas on our sites ;
breach or circumvent any laws , regulations , third - party rights or our systems , Services , policies , or determinations of your account status ;
use our Services if you are not able to form legally binding contracts ( for example , if you are under 18 years old ) , or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our Services , or are a person with whom transactions are prohibited under economic or trade sanctions ;
fail to pay for items purchased by you , unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy , for example , the seller has materially changed the item 's description after you bid , a clear typographical error is made , or you cannot contact the seller ( see our Unpaid item policy ) ;
fail to deliver items sold by you , unless you have a valid reason as set out in an eBay policy , for example , the buyer fails to comply with the posted terms in your listing or you cannot contact the buyer ;
manipulate the price of any item or interfere with any other user 's listings ;
post false , inaccurate , misleading , deceptive , defamatory , or libelous content ;
take any action that may undermine the feedback or ratings systems ( our Feedback policies ) ;
transfer your eBay account ( including Feedback ) and user ID to another party without our consent ;
distribute or post spam , unsolicited or bulk electronic communications , chain letters , or pyramid schemes ;
distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm eBay or the interests or property of users ;
use any robot , spider , scraper , data mining tools , data gathering and extraction tools , or other automated means to access our Services for any purpose , except with the prior express permission of eBay ;
interfere with the functioning of our Services , such as by imposing an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure ;
export or re-export any eBay application or tool , except in compliance with the export control laws , and rules and policies of any relevant jurisdictions ;
infringe the copyright , trademark , patent , publicity , moral , database , and / or other intellectual property rights ( collectively , " Intellectual Property Rights " ) that belong to or are licensed to eBay .
Some , but not all , actions that may constitute infringement are reproducing , performing , displaying , distributing , copying , reverse engineering , decompiling , disassembling , or preparing derivative works from content that belongs to eBay or someone else ;
infringe any Intellectual Property Rights that belong to third parties affected by your use of our Services or post content that does not belong to you ;
commercialize any eBay application or any information or software associated with such application , except with the prior express permission of eBay ;
harvest or otherwise collect information about users without their consent ; or
circumvent any technical measures used to provide our Services .
Sellers must meet eBay 's minimum performance standards .
Failure to meet these standards may result in eBay charging you additional fees , and / or limiting , restricting , suspending , or downgrading your seller account .
If we believe you are abusing eBay and / or our Services in any way , we may , in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies , limit , suspend , or terminate your user account (s ) and access to our Services , delay or remove hosted content , remove any special status associated with your account (s ) , remove , not display , and / or demote listings , reduce or eliminate any discounts , and take technical and / or legal steps to prevent you from using our Services .
If we believe you are violating our policies prohibiting Offers to buy or sell outside of eBay , you may be subject to a range of actions , including limits on your buying and selling privileges , restrictions on listings and account features , suspension of your account , application of fees , and recovery of expenses for policy monitoring and enforcement .
If you are a seller and you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay , you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item , even if the item does not sell .
We may cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for a substantial period of time .
Additionally , we reserve the right to refuse , modify , or terminate all or part of our Services to anyone for any reason at our discretion .
4. Policy Enforcement
When a buyer or seller issue arises , we may consider the user 's performance history and the specific circumstances in applying our policies .
We may choose to be more lenient with policy enforcement in an effort to do the right thing for both buyers and sellers .
5. Fees and Taxes
The fees we charge for using our Services are listed on our Selling fees pages .
We may change our seller fees from time to time by posting the changes on the eBay site 14 days in advance , but with no advance notice required for temporary promotions or any changes that result in the reduction of fees .
If you are a seller , you are liable for transaction fees arising out of all sales made using some or all of our Services , even if sales terms are finalized or payment is made outside of eBay .
In particular , if you offer or reference your contact information or ask a buyer for their contact information in the context of buying or selling outside of eBay , you may be liable to pay a final value fee applicable to that item , even if the item does n't sell , given your usage of our Services for the introduction to a buyer .
You must have a payment method on file when selling through our Services and pay all fees and applicable taxes associated with our Services by the payment due date .
If your payment method fails or your account is past due , we may collect amounts owed by charging other payment methods on file with us , retain collection agencies and legal counsel , suspend or limit Services , and for accounts over 60 days past due , request that PayPal deduct the amount owed from your PayPal account balance .
In addition , you will be subject to late fees .
eBay , or the collection agencies we retain , may also report information about your account to credit bureaus , and as a result , late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report .
If you wish to dispute the information eBay reported to a credit bureau ( i.e. , Experian , Equifax or TransUnion ) please contact us at eBay Inc. , C/ O Global Collections , 7700 West Parmer Lane , Building D , Austin , TX 78729 .
If you wish to dispute the information a collection agency reported to a credit bureau regarding your eBay account , you must contact the collection agency directly .
In any jurisdiction where eBay has an obligation to collect sales taxes on sales you make using our Services , we may collect such sales taxes from you via the payment method on file under the terms of the Billing Agreement or via any other means available to us .
Seller fees do n't purchase exclusive rights to item exposure on our Services .
We may display third - party advertisements ( including links and references thereto ) or other content in any part of our Services , in our sole discretion and without consent from , or payment , fee reduction , or other credit to , sellers .
6. Listing Conditions
When listing an item for sale on our Services , you agree to comply with eBay 's Listing policies and Selling practices policy and that :
You assume full responsibility for the item offered and the accuracy and content of the listing ,
Your listing may not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for several hours ( or up to 24 hours in some circumstances ) .
eBay can't guarantee exact listing duration ,
Your fixed - price listings may renew automatically every calendar month , based on the listing terms at the time , until all quantities sell or the listing is ended by you or eBay , in its sole discretion ,
Content that violates any of eBay 's policies may be modified , obfuscated or deleted at eBay 's sole discretion ,
We may revise product data associated with listings to supplement , remove , or correct information ,
We strive to create a marketplace where buyers find what they are looking for .
Therefore , the appearance or placement of listings in search and browse results will depend on a variety of factors , including , but not limited to : buyer 's location , search query , browsing site , and history ; item 's location , listing format , price and shipping cost , terms of service , end time , history , and relevance to the user query ; seller 's history , including listing practices , Detailed Seller Ratings , eBay policy compliance , Feedback , and defect rate ; and number of listings matching the buyer 's query ,
To drive a positive user experience , a listing may not appear in some search and browse results regardless of the sort order chosen by the buyer ,
Some advanced listing upgrades will only be visible on some of our Services ,
e Bay 's Duplicate listings Policy may also affect whether your listing appears in search results ,
Metatags and URL links that are included in a listing may be removed or altered so as to not affect third - party search engine results ,
We may provide you with optional recommendations to consider when creating your listings .
Such recommendations may be based on the aggregated sales and performance history of similar sold and current listings ; results may vary for individual listings .
To drive the recommendations experience , you agree that we may display the sales and performance history of your individual listings to other sellers ,
For items listed in certain categories , subject to certain programs , and / or offered or sold at certain price points , eBay may require the use of certain payment methods , subject to our Payments methods policy .
For example , for inventory covered by authentication services , buyer and sellers may be subject to escrow , screening , shipping , and / or payment handling requirements .
7. Purchase Conditions
When buying an item on our Services , you agree to the Rules and policies for buyers and that :
You are responsible for reading the full item listing before making a bid or committing to buy ,
You enter into a legally binding contract to purchase an item when you commit to buy an item , your offer for an item is accepted , or if you have the winning bid ( or your bid is otherwise accepted ) ,
For motor vehicles and real estate , a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction representing a buyer 's serious expression of interest in buying the seller 's item and does not create a formal contract between the buyer and the seller ,
We do not transfer legal ownership of items from the seller to the buyer ,
Utah Code Annotated § 70A -2-401 ( 2 ) and Uniform Commercial Code § 2-401 ( 2 ) apply to the transfer of ownership between the buyer and the seller , unless the buyer and the seller agree otherwise .
8. International Buying and Selling ; Translation
Many of our Services are accessible internationally .
We may offer certain programs , tools , and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers , such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools .
Sellers and buyers are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations applicable to the international sale , purchase , and shipment of items .
If you purchase an item on an eBay site that is different from your registration site , you are subject to the User Agreement and applicable policies of that other eBay site with respect to that particular purchase , as detailed in the International Selling Policy .
For sellers , you agree that we may display your listing for sale on an eBay site other than the site where you listed your item for sale , based on your shipping settings .
You may adjust these settings as detailed in the International Selling Policy .
If you list your items with an international shipping option , the appearance of your listings on sites other than the listing site is not guaranteed .
If you sell an item on an eBay site that is different from your registration site , you are subject to the User Agreement and applicable policies , including any buyer protection programs , of that other eBay site with respect to that particular sale , as detailed in the International Selling Policy .
You authorize us to use automated tools to translate your eBay content and member - to - member communications , in whole or in part , into local languages where such translation solutions are available .
We may provide you with tools which will enable you to translate content at your request .
The accuracy and availability of any translation are not guaranteed .
One of the ways that we may make eBay.com listings available to international buyers on eBay.com and on eBay 's international sites is through the Global Shipping Program .
For eligible items located in the United States and purchased by an international buyer through the Global Shipping Program , you ( as seller ) will simply ship the item to a parcel processing facility located in the United States after receiving notification of payment from the buyer .
Pitney Bowes Inc. , a third - party global shipping provider , will oversee the processing , customs clearance , and international shipment of the item on behalf of your international buyer .
To the extent a buyer has a question about your Global Shipping Program listings , eBay may respond directly to the buyer if the question pertains to the services overseen by Pitney Bowes Inc. ( for example , customs or international shipping ) .
Sellers pay no additional fees for selling through the Global Shipping Program .
Pursuant to a routed export transaction under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and Foreign Trade Regulations , the buyer , as the Foreign Principal Party in Interest , will agree to assume responsibility for the export shipment , with Pitney Bowes Inc. acting as your buyer 's forwarding agent .
You remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items , and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information .
You consent to the disclosure of certain personally identifiable information , as well as listing and order information , by eBay to Pitney Bowes Inc. , and by Pitney Bowes Inc. to its affiliates , service providers , and other third parties ( such as customs and revenue authorities , as well as other government agencies ) , in connection with the processing , export and customs clearance , and international transportation of any item .
eBay does not control the privacy policies of Pitney Bowes Inc. , its affiliates , or its service providers , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those parties , as applicable .
Additional information about the program , including policies governing feedback , the handling of lost , damaged , and undeliverable items , returns , and the resolution of buyer protection claims for items that you sell through the program , can be found on our Global Shipping Program - opens in new window or tab and Global Shipping FAQs - opens in new window or tab pages .
9. Content
When you provide content using our Services ( directly or indirectly ) , you grant us a non-exclusive , worldwide , perpetual , irrevocable , royalty - free , sublicensable ( through multiple tiers ) right to exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights you have in that content in connection with our provision , expansion , and promotion of our Services , in any media known now or developed in the future .
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law , you waive your right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in that content against eBay , our assignees , our sublicensees , and their assignees in connection with our , those assignees ' , and those sublicensees ' use of that content in connection with our provision , expansion , and promotion of our Services .
You represent and warrant that , for all such content you provide , you own or otherwise control all necessary rights to do so and to meet your obligations under this User Agreement .
You represent and warrant that such content is accurate .
You represent and warrant that use of any such content ( including derivative works ) by us , our users , or others in contract with us , and in compliance with this User Agreement , does not and will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party .
eBay takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content provided by you or any third party .
We offer product data ( including images , descriptions and specifications ) that are provided by third parties ( including eBay users ) .
You may use that content solely in your eBay listings .
eBay may modify or revoke that permission at any time in our sole discretion .
The product data includes copyrighted , trademarked and other proprietary materials .
You agree not to remove any copyright , proprietary , or identification markings in the product data and not to create any derivative works based on that data ( other than by including the data in your listings ) .
We try to offer reliable product data , but cannot promise that the content provided through our Services will always be available , accurate , complete , and up - to - date .
You agree that eBay is not responsible for examining or warranting the listings or content provided by third parties through our Services , and that you will not attempt to hold us or our data providers liable for inaccuracies .
The name " eBay " and other eBay marks , logos , designs , and phrases that we use in connection with our Services are trademarks , service marks , or trade dress of eBay in the U.S. and other countries .
They may not be used without the express written prior permission of eBay .
10 . Notice for Claims of Intellectual Property Violations and Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Section 512 ( c ) of Title 17 of the United States Code
We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act. eBay 's Verified Rights Owner ( VeRO ) program works to ensure that items and content using our Services do not infringe upon the copyright , trademark , or certain other intellectual property rights of third parties .
If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed , please notify our VeRO team and we will investigate .
Learn how to submit a notice to eBay - opens in new window or tab .
11 . Holds and Restricted Funds
To protect eBay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller , eBay has at times recommended , and may continue to recommend , that PayPal restrict access to funds in a seller 's PayPal account based on certain factors , including , but not limited to , selling history , seller performance , returns , riskiness of the listing category , transaction value , or the filing of an eBay Money Back Guarantee case .
This may result in PayPal restricting funds in your PayPal account .
In connection with managed payments as described in Section 14 , we may also restrict seller access to funds based on the factors described in the Payments Terms of Use .
12 . Authorization to Contact You ; Recording Calls ; Analyzing Message Content
e Bay may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages , at any telephone number that you have provided us , to : ( i ) notify you regarding your account ; ( ii ) troubleshoot problems with your account ; ( iii ) resolve a dispute ; ( iv ) collect a debt ; ( v ) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires ; or ( vi ) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement , our policies , applicable law , or any other agreement we may have with you .
eBay may also contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages for marketing purposes ( e.g. , offers and promotions ) , if you consent to such communications .
Our collection , use , disclosure , retention , and protection of your personal information is governed by the User Privacy Notice .
As described in our User Privacy Notice , eBay may collect other telephone numbers for you and may place manual non-marketing calls to any of those numbers and autodialed non-marketing calls to any landline .
Standard telephone minute and text charges may apply and may include overage fees if you have exceeded your plan limits .
If you do not wish to receive such communications , you may change your communications preference at any time , including through the Communication Preferences - opens in new window or tab section of your My eBay .
e Bay may share your telephone number with its authorized service providers as stated in our User Privacy Notice .
These service providers may contact you using autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages , only as authorized by eBay to carry out the purposes identified above .
e Bay may , without further notice or warning and in its discretion , monitor or record telephone conversations you or anyone acting on your behalf has with eBay or its agents for quality control and training purposes , or for its own protection .
e Bay 's automated systems scan and analyze the contents of every message sent through its messages platform , including messages between users , to detect and prevent fraudulent activity or violations of eBay 's User Agreement , including the incorporated terms , notices , rules , and policies .
This scanning and analysis may occur before , during , or after the message is sent , or while in storage , and may result in your message being delayed or withheld .
eBay may store message contents , including to conduct this scanning and analysis .
Privacy of Others ; Marketing
If eBay provides you with information about another user , you agree you will use the information only for the purposes that it is provided to you .
You may not disclose , sell , rent , or distribute a user 's information to a third party for purposes unrelated to our Services .
Additionally , you may not use user information for marketing purposes , via electronic or other means , unless you obtain the consent of the specific user to do so .
13 . Additional Terms
Returns and Cancellations
Sellers can create rules to automate replacements , returns , and refunds under certain circumstances .
For all new sellers , in listings where returns are accepted , eBay will set a default rule that automates the return process .
Sellers may remove or customize their return preferences in their account settings within My eBay .
Where settings have been set to automatically accept requests for returns or replacements , an eBay - generated return shipping label will be provided to your buyer .
You agree to comply with our returns policy .
When an item is returned , to refund the buyer , you ( as seller ) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount ( in same or other currency ) from your PayPal account , place the amount on your invoice , and / or charge your payment method on file .
The cost of return shipping for an item that is not as described is the seller 's responsibility .
You ( as seller ) authorize eBay to place the return shipping label cost on your invoice , subject to your automatic payment method on file when :
An eBay - generated return shipping label is used , and the seller is responsible for its cost ;
Returns have been automated ;
You fail to send your buyer a return shipping label and , instead , an eBay - generated shipping label is used ; and / or
A transaction is cancelled , and to refund the buyer , you ( as seller ) authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the refund amount ( in same or other currency ) from your PayPal account .
See canceling a transaction for more details .
eBay Money Back Guarantee
Most eBay sales go smoothly , but if there 's a problem with a purchase , the eBay Money Back Guarantee helps buyers and sellers communicate and resolve issues .
You agree to comply with the policy and permit us to make a final decision on any eBay Money Back Guarantee case .
If you ( as seller ) , choose to reimburse a buyer , or are required to reimburse a buyer or eBay under the eBay Money Back Guarantee , you authorize eBay to request that PayPal remove the reimbursement amount ( in same or other currency ) from your PayPal account , place the amount on your invoice , and / or charge your payment method on file .
If we can not get reimbursement from you , we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms , including retaining collection agencies .
We may suspend the eBay Money Back Guarantee in whole or in part without notice if we suspect abuse or interference with the proper working of the policy .
14 . Managed Payments
eBay has launched a new managed payments service , where a designated eBay entity ( each , a " payments entity " ) manages payments on behalf of sellers ( such management described as " managed payments " or similar ) .
Some eBay sellers have already enrolled in managed payments .
eBay anticipates moving more seller accounts to managed payments in phases starting in July 2020 , providing notice to the affected sellers as they are scheduled to be moved .
When we enable your account for managed payments , to continue to list and sell on eBay , as directed by the payments entity , each transitioned eBay seller registered in the US must :
provide the payments entity with information about you and / or your business to meet its compliance requirements , including those involving identity verification , anti-money laundering controls , and sanctions screening as required by applicable laws and policies ; and
pass such verification and screening and otherwise meet the compliance requirements of the payments entity , as determined by the payments entity ; and
provide bank account information for a U.S. - based checking account so that the payments entity can link such checking account to your eBay account , allowing the payments entity to pay you .
In addition :
the payments entity may obtain information about you from third - parties to verify your identity , comply with anti-money laundering and sanctions screening obligations , and for other purposes in connection with managed payments ; and
the payments entity may use third - party payments service providers to assist it in providing managed payments services , including companies that process payments , perform risk assessments ( such as credit agencies ) or compliance checks , verify identity , and validate payment methods .
eBay , the payments entity , and their affiliates may send personal data associated with you and your account to such third - parties .
The payments entity may , in its sole discretion , manage payments on your behalf even if you have n't provided all requested information , and the payments entity may withhold payouts pending receipt of such information .
The complete terms governing sellers ' use of managed payments are available in the Payments Terms of Use - opens in new window or tab , incorporated herein .
You agree to the Payments Terms of Use - opens in new window or tab to the extent applicable to you , whether or not your account has been enabled for managed payments .
The contract for sale underlying the purchase of goods is directly concluded between seller and the buyer in the same manner as for transactions for which the payments entity does not manage payments .
If you are a buyer completing a purchase from a seller that is using managed payments :
You may pay for such items using those payment methods that the payments entity makes available , and the payments entity will manage settlement to sellers .
By completing purchases from sellers who use managed payments , buyers authorize the payments entity to initiate payments using the buyers ' selected payment method and collect the transaction amounts on behalf of sellers .
Accordingly , payments received by the payments entity from buyers satisfy buyers ' obligations to pay sellers in the amount of payments received .
In certain instances , your transaction may be declined , frozen , or held for any reason including for suspected fraud , AML compliance , compliance with economic or trade sanctions , in connection with eBay 's internal risk controls or due to potential violations of any policy of eBay or the payments entity , or a policy of one of the payments entity 's third party payments services providers .
eBay , the payments entity or its affiliates may save payment information , such as credit card or debit card numbers , and card expiration dates , entered by you on our Services when you make a purchase , redeem a coupon , or make any other transaction on our Services where card information is entered .
Such stored payment information may be used as your default payment method for future transactions on our Services .
At any time , you can update your card information or enter new card information , at which point the new card information shall be stored as your default payment method .
You may make changes to your default payment method through the Personal Information section under the Account tab in My eBay .
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of information we have on file , and you consent to eBay updating such stored information from time to time based on information provided by you , your bank or other payments services providers .
You will only provide information about payment methods that you are authorized to use .
You may seek returns or cancellations on our Services , or file eBay Money Back Guarantee claims on our Services , in the same manner as you do for transactions for which the payments entity does not manage payments .
The payments entity refunds amounts paid for successful eBay Money Back Guarantee claims and returned or cancelled transactions in cases where the original payment was managed by the payments entity .
Refund timing may vary in accordance with the rules of third parties , such as credit and debit card networks .
You agree to comply with , and not cause a third party to violate , all applicable laws , regulations , rules and terms and conditions in connection with the use of managed payments .
You understand that some third parties , such as credit and debit card issuers , credit and debit card networks and payments services providers , may have their own terms and conditions for the payment or settlement methods you choose to use in connection with managed payments transactions .
Failure to abide by third party terms and conditions may result in fees assessed to you ( for example , currency conversion fees from your credit card issuer if the transaction currency is different from your credit card currency ) or other actions taken by such third parties , and you agree that the payments entity has no control over , or responsibility or liability for , such fees or actions .
15 . Disclaimer of Warranties ; Limitation of Liability
We try to keep our Services safe , secure , and functioning properly , but we cannot guarantee the continuous operation of or access to our Services .
Bid update and other notification functionality in eBay 's applications may not occur in real time .
Such functionality is subject to delays beyond eBay 's control .
You agree that you are making use of our Services at your own risk , and that they are being provided to you on an " AS IS " and " AS AVAILABLE " basis .
Accordingly , to the extent permitted by applicable law , we exclude all express or implied warranties , terms and conditions including , but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , and non-infringement .
In addition , to the extent permitted by applicable law , we ( including our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates , and our and their officers , directors , agents and employees ) are not liable , and you agree not to hold us responsible , for any damages or losses ( including , but not limited to , loss of money , goodwill or reputation , profits , other intangible losses , or any special , indirect , or consequential damages ) resulting directly or indirectly from :
the content you provide ( directly or indirectly ) using our Services ;
your use of or your inability to use our Services ;
pricing , shipping , format , or other guidance provided by eBay ;
delays or disruptions in our Services ;
viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our Services ;
glitches , bugs , errors , or inaccuracies of any kind in our Services ;
damage to your hardware device from the use of any eBay Service ;
the content , actions , or inactions of third parties , including items listed using our Services or the destruction of allegedly fake items ;
a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the Abusing eBay Section above ;
the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the Listing Conditions Section above ; or
your need to modify practices , content , or behavior , or your loss of or inability to do business , as a result of changes to this User Agreement or our policies .
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages , so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you .
Regardless of the previous paragraphs , if we are found to be liable , our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of ( a ) any amounts due under the eBay Money Back Guarantee up to the price the item sold for on eBay ( including any applicable sales tax ) and its original shipping costs , ( b ) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees , which you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability , or ( c ) $ 100 .
16 . Release
If you have a dispute with one or more users , you release us ( and our affiliates and subsidiaries , and our and their respective officers , directors , employees and agents ) from claims , demands and damages ( actual and consequential ) of every kind and nature , known and unknown , arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes .
In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections ( whether statutory or otherwise ) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release .
17 . Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold us ( including our affiliates and subsidiaries , as well as our and their respective officers , directors , employees , agents ) harmless from any claim or demand , including reasonable legal fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this User Agreement , your improper use of our Services or your breach of any law or the rights of a third party .
18 . Legal Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY .
IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE RESOLVED .
In this Legal Disputes Section , the term “ related third parties ” includes your and eBay ’s respective affiliates , subsidiaries , parent companies , predecessors , successors , assigns , as well as your , eBay ’s , and these entities ’ respective employees and agents .
You and eBay agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen , or may arise , between you and eBay ( or any related third parties ) that relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of this User Agreement , your use of or access to the Services , the actions of eBay or its agents , or any products or services sold or purchased through the Services , will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section .
A. Applicable Law
You agree that , except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal law , the laws of the State of Utah , without regard to principles of conflict of laws , will govern this User Agreement and any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay , except as otherwise stated in this User Agreement .
B. Agreement to Arbitrate
You and eBay each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen , or may arise , between you and eBay ( or any related third parties ) that relate in any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of the User Agreement , your use of or access to our Services , the actions of eBay or its agents , or any products or services sold , offered , or purchased through our Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration , rather than in court .
Alternatively , you may assert your claims in small claims court , if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual ( non-class , non-representative ) basis .
The Federal Arbitration
Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement to Arbitrate .
Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief YOU AND EBAY AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS , OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING .
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND EBAY AGREE OTHERWISE , THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS , AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE , CLASS , OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING .
ALSO , THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ( INCLUDING MONETARY , INJUNCTIVE , AND DECLARATORY RELIEF ) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM ( S ) .
ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS .
If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this paragraph 's limitations as to a particular claim or a particular request for a remedy ( such as a request for injunctive relief ) , then that claim or that remedy request ( and only that claim or that remedy request ) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court , subject to your and eBay 's right to appeal the court 's decision .
All other claims will be arbitrated .
Arbitration Procedures Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court .
Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury , and court review of an arbitration award is very limited .
However , an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on an individualized basis that a court can award to an individual .
An arbitrator should apply the terms of the User Agreement as a court would .
All issues are for the arbitrator to decide , except that issues relating to arbitrability , the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate , or the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ( " Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief " ) , shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide .
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association ( " AAA " ) under its rules and procedures , including the AAA 's Consumer Arbitration Rules and the AAA ’s Commercial Arbitration Rules ( as applicable ) , as modified by this Agreement to Arbitrate .
The AAA 's rules are available at www.adr.org.
In the event that the AAA is unavailable to administer the arbitration , another administrator will be selected by the parties or the court .
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other , by certified mail , a valid Notice of Dispute ( " Notice " ) , which may be downloaded at this link - opens in new window or tab .
The Notice to eBay must be sent to eBay Inc. , Attn : Litigation Department , Re : Notice of Dispute , 583 W. eBay Way , Draper , UT 84020 .
eBay will send any Notice to you to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account ; it is your responsibility to keep your physical address up to date .
To be valid , you must personally sign the Notice and complete all information on the Notice form , including a description of the nature and basis of the claims you are asserting , the specific relief sought , and the email address and phone number associated with your account .
If you and eBay are unable to resolve the claims described in a valid Notice within 30 days after eBay receives that Notice , you or eBay may initiate arbitration proceedings .
A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is available on the AAA 's site at www.adr.org.
In addition to filing this form with the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures , the party initiating the arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party .
You may send a copy to eBay at the following address : eBay , Inc. c/o CT Corporation System , 1108 E South Union Ave. , Midvale , UT 84047 .
In the event eBay initiates an arbitration against you , it will send a copy of the completed form to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account .
Any settlement offer made by you or eBay shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator .
The arbitration hearing shall be held in the county in which you reside or at another mutually agreed location .
Where no disclosed claims or counterclaims exceed $ 25,000 , the dispute shall be resolved by the submission of documents only , subject to the arbitrator 's discretion to require an in - person hearing , if the circumstances warrant .
In cases where an in - person hearing is held , you and / or eBay may attend by telephone , unless the arbitrator requires otherwise .
The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law , including recognized principles of equity , and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law .
The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users , but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same eBay user to the extent required by applicable law .
The arbitrator 's award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof .
Costs of Arbitration Payment of all filing , administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA 's rules , unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate .
If you complied with the Notice of Dispute procedures of Section 2 of this Agreement ( " Arbitration Procedures " ) and the value of the relief sought is $ 10,000 or less , at your request , eBay will pay all administration and arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration .
Any request for payment of fees by eBay should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for Arbitration and eBay will make arrangements to pay administration and arbitrator fees directly to the AAA .
In the event the arbitrator determines the claim (s ) you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous , you agree to reimburse eBay for all fees associated with the arbitration paid by eBay on your behalf that you otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA 's rules .
Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ( " Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief " ) , if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable , the other parts of this Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply .
Opt - Out Procedure IF YOU ARE A NEW USER OF OUR SERVICES , YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ( " OPT - OUT " ) BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT - OUT NOTICE ( " OPT - OUT NOTICE " ) .
THE OPT - OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THE USER AGREEMENT FOR THE FIRST TIME .
YOU MUST MAIL THE OPT - OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC . , ATTN : LITIGATION DEPARTMENT , RE : OPT - OUT NOTICE , 583 WEST EBAY WAY , DRAPER , UT 84020 .
For your convenience , we are providing an Opt - Out Notice form - opens in new window or tab .
You must complete and mail that to us in order to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate .
You must complete the Opt - Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the form , including your name , address ( including street address , city , state and zip code ) , and the user ID (s ) and email address ( es ) associated with the eBay Service account (s ) to which the opt - out applies .
You must sign the Opt - Out Notice for it to be effective .
This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate .
If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate , all other parts of this User Agreement and its Legal Disputes Section will continue to apply to you .
Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no effect on any previous , other , or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us .
Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement to the contrary , you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this Agreement to Arbitrate ( other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein ) in the future , that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against eBay prior to the effective date of the amendment .
The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and eBay .
We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective date of the amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center and / or by email .
If you do not agree to these amended terms , you may close your account within the 30 - day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms .
C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes
Unless you and we agree otherwise , in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute , either as a result of your decision to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order , you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eBay must be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County , Utah .
You and eBay agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Salt Lake County , Utah for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes .
19 . General
Except as otherwise provided in this User Agreement , if any provision of this User Agreement is held to be invalid , void or for any reason unenforceable , such provision shall be struck out and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions .
In our sole discretion , we may assign this User Agreement , and in such event , we will post notice on www.ebay.com - opens in new window or tab .
Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such Section .
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches .
We do not guarantee we will take action against all breaches of this User Agreement .
We may amend this User Agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com.
Our right to amend the User Agreement includes the right to modify , add to , or remove terms in the User Agreement .
We will provide you 30 days ' notice by posting the amended terms .
Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and / or by email .
Your continued access or use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the amended terms .
We may also ask you to acknowledge your acceptance of the User Agreement through an electronic click - through .
This User Agreement may not otherwise be amended except through mutual agreement by you and an eBay representative who intends to amend this User Agreement and is duly authorized to agree to such an amendment .
The policies and terms posted on our Services may be changed from time to time .
Changes take effect when we post them on the eBay Service .
If you create or use an account on behalf of a business entity , you represent that you are authorized to act on behalf of such business and bind the business to this User Agreement .
Such account is owned and controlled by the business entity .
No agency , partnership , joint venture , employee - employer or franchiser - franchisee relationship is intended or created by this User Agreement .
The User Agreement and all terms and polices posted through our Services set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and eBay , and supersede all prior understandings and agreements of the parties .
The following Sections survive any termination of this User Agreement : Fees , Content , Disclaimer of Warranties ; Limitation of Liability ; Release , Indemnity , Legal Disputes , and General .
If you are a California resident , in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3 , you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street , Sacramento , CA 95814 , or by telephone at ( 800 ) 952-5210 .
Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5 ( c ) , for transactions involving tickets to events in Illinois , buyers and sellers may elect to submit complaints against one another to the American Arbitration Association ( " AAA " ) under its rules and procedures .
The AAA 's rules are available at www.adr.org.
Such complaints shall be decided by an independent arbitrator in accordance with this User Agreement .
Buyers and sellers further agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for complaints involving a ticketed event held in Illinois .
Dell Selling Free HTC Aria
I ’m not sure if you can call it selling if you are effectively giving the product away for free but who cares if it is free !
I love free and the way it rolls off the tongue instead of having money roll out my wallet .
Now admittedly there is a catch … ( deep breath ) you have to have a 2 year agreement with AT&T .
Gah !
It burns !
I ’ll admit that they have better 3G coverage than T - Mobile until T - Mobile rolls out the new HSPA + , but realistically unless you want an iPhone I do n’t see much reason to go with them .
Especially if you are here reading this you did not want to anyway .
In any case instead of paying AT&T $ 129.99 for the phone plus the activation fee Dell will give it to you 100 % free .
For how long I do n’t know but for now the offer is good for any new 2 year contract .
So for all of you nearing the end of your contract and still sticking with Ma Bell buy , er , get your Aria free today at Dell ’s site .
The federal government introduced legislation Monday to create a civilian watchdog agency for the RCMP with " enhanced investigative powers . "
The new oversight body would be called the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Review and Complaints Commission .
" This commission would have significantly enhanced investigative powers over those of the existing body , as well as a more streamlined complaints process and the authority to work hand in hand with other review bodies , " said Public Safety Minister Vic Toews .
It would consist of a chair and four other members , none of whom can be a member or former member of the RCMP .
Members would be able to investigate any matter they wish with powers to summon witnesses and compel them to provide evidence or documents .
Members of the public would be able to submit complaints to the commissioner , as long as they do so within one year of the alleged misconduct , although there is some ability to get an extension .
The move follows the Conservative government 's promise earlier this year to bring in a more independent watchdog agency to investigate complaints against the Mounties .
Right now , the RCMP often investigates complaints against itself .
There is an independent Commission for Public Complaints Against the RCMP , but its recommendations are non-binding .
Under the new regime , Toews said " the recommendations of the commission are not binding , as is the standard practice with these types of investigations .
They report to the RCMP and they also report ultimately through statute to the minister of public safety . "
The bill would also formalize an interim policy where , in most cases of death or serious injury , Mounties will not investigate other Mounties , he said .
NDP MP Nathan Cullen was n't impressed , saying the commission is a bigger watchdog but it still has no teeth .
" The evidence they 're compelling and the conclusions that they make based on that evidence only becomes a recommendation to the head of the RCMP .
The RCMP is not bound to take any of those recommendations and make them real . "
In 2007 , the federally appointed Task Force on Governance and Cultural Change in the RCMP told the government that the current system lacks transparency .
The task force recommended a model where one body could review any incident or aspect of the operations of the RCMP , and all of its findings would be binding .
Task force members also said the agency should have the power to summon witnesses and compel testimony .
RCMP Commissioner William Elliott has repeatedly said he welcomes more oversight .
Earlier this year , he announced that until such an agency was created , the RCMP would have independent agencies investigate cases where Mounties were accused of breaking the law or where they were involved in a serious injury or death .
Perfect 10 minutes : Survey of men and women reveals the length of an ideal sexual experience
Couples who think they ’re not measuring up because so many celebrities boast about sex sessions that last all night can take some comfort .
Contrary to popular fantasy about the need for hours of passionate activity , sex therapists say around ten minutes is perfectly satisfactory .
In fact , shows such as Sex And The City and Desperate Housewives have created unrealistic expectations of bedroom performance that can only lead to disappointment .
Perfect experience : Couples enjoy sex for anything between three and thirteen minutes , according to research .
( Posed by models )
Real couples are satisfied with making love for between three and 13 minutes – and can find anything over ten minutes tiresome .
Researchers Eric Corty and Jenay Guardiani conducted a survey of 50 members of the Society for Sex Therapy and Research , which include psychologists , physicians , social workers , marriage / family therapists and nurses .
They have collectively seen thousands of patients over decades in the U.S. and Canada .
They were asked to rate a range of times for sexual intercourse that they considered adequate , desirable , too short and too long .
Most of them classed lovemaking that lasted three to seven minutes as ‘ adequate ’ and sex lasting between seven and 13 minutes as ‘ desirable ’ .
However , anything longer than 13 minutes was rated ‘ too long . ’
Most agreed that sex that lasted between one and two minutes was ‘ too short ’ to provide satisfaction .
The researchers said they wanted the results to ‘ encourage ’ couples .
‘ Today ’s popular culture has reinforced stereotypes about sexual activity , ’ said Mr Corty , an Associate Professor of Psychology at Penn State University .
‘ Many men and women seem to believe the fantasy of … all - night - long intercourse .
‘ This seems a situation ripe for disappointment and dissatisfaction .
‘ We hope this survey will dispel fantasies and encourage men and women with realistic data . ’
Corty and Guardiani published their findings in the Journal of Sexual Medicine .
The survey comes as counselling services reported an increase in the number of couples complaining that they are disappointed with their sex lives .
Counselling organisation Relate has seen a two - fold increase in the number of couples turning to sex therapy in the past five years .
A separate survey published this month has shown that most married women would now rather go to sleep , read a book or watch a film than have sex .
More than 8,500 covert surveillance operations on members of the public have been carried out by 372 local authorities in Britain in the past two years – the equivalent of 11 a day , according to a study published today .
The research by the pressure group Big Brother Watch names Newcastle upon
Tyne as the worst local authority in the country for the use of its powers under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , having spied on its residents 231 times over the past two years .
West Berkshire and Walsall were close behind , however , with 228 and 215 Ripa authorisations respectively since April 2008 .
The survey used freedom of information requests to collect details of 8,575 covert surveillance and bugging operations carried out under the Ripa powers , and demonstrates the rapid advance of the " surveillance society " .
The councils reported that the large number of surveillance operations resulted in 399 prosecutions , representing fewer than 4.5 % of all operations , although some councils said they did not keep details of prosecutions .
But the results show that the vast majority were concluded without anything substantial being discovered .
The survey found that councils in England , Wales and Scotland had used their powers to spy on their own employees .
In Darlington they checked up on their car parking , in Exeter on their working times , and in Hammersmith and Fulham on their sick pay claims .
In Liverpool , they spied on wardens employed to spot crime .
More than a dozen councils have used their Ripa powers to catch pet owners whose dogs are fouling the pavements .
A further five mounted covert surveillance operations to enforce smoking bans .
In Bromley the council even spied on a charity shop to see if people were " fly - tipping " their donations at the door .
The coalition agreement published last week promised action to curb the use of surveillance powers .
Ministers intend to introduce legislation to ensure that the Ripa powers are used only in cases involving serious crime and only if a magistrate 's warrant has been obtained first .
Alex Deane , director of Big Brother Watch , said the survey revealed the " absurd and excessive lengths " local government was prepared to go to in using the Ripa powers .
" These powers have to be taken away from councils , " he said .
" [ That ] the coalition government plans to force councils to get warrants before snooping on us is good , but it does n't go far enough .
If the offence is serious enough to merit covert surveillance , then it should be in the hands of the police . "
He said there should also be an obligation to notify innocent victims who have been placed under surveillance but subsequently acquitted of any offence .
Deane said it would change the culture if officials knew they had to justify their actions to their victims .
The watchdog group says that it will still be possible for councils to catch the fly - tippers and dog- foulers without using these snooping powers .
It cites Bradford council , which reduced its use of Ripa covert operations by telling noise pests that their noise levels would be monitored by tape - recording equipment in their neighbours ' houses , or by council officials turning the operation into one of overt surveillance , which was much more effective .
The most notorious Ripa case occurred in 2008 , when Jenny Paton and her family in Poole , Dorset , found themselves the subject of a three - week covert surveillance operation , including being secretly followed by council officials , after Paton was wrongly suspected of lying about her address to get her daughter into a particular school .
Total number of uses of Ripa from 2008 to 2010
1 Newcastle upon Tyne 231
2 West Berkshire 228
3 Walsall 215
4 Oxfordshire 192
5 Birmingham 176
6 Bromley 150
7 Salford 149
8 Hampshire 137
9 Kent 136
10 Sandwell 135
11 Durham 124
12 Wandsworth 120
13 Surrey 105
14 Camden 104
15 Liverpool 101
After his Counter - Strike character died in a knife fight , 20 - year - old Julien Barreaux spent six months tracking down the virtual killer .
Then he grabbed a real kitchen knife and paid the man a visit .
Advertisement
Thankfully the Frenchman 's knife skills are almost as bad in real life as they are in Counter - Strike and he missed his victim 's heart by an inch .
He was arrested " within the hour and told [ police that ] he had wanted to see his rival wiped out for killing off his character . "
Judge Alexiane
Potel best summed up the entire situation with these words to Barreaux at the trial that followed :
You are a menace to society .
I am frankly terrified of the disproportionate reaction you could have if someone looked at you the wrong way in the street .
Advertisement
Barreaux was sentenced to two years in jail and anger management therapy .
[ NY Daily News ]
Picture by Rainer Ebert
Paul Scholes , the Manchester United midfielder who declined an invitation from Fabio Capello to come out of international retirement and be part of England 's World Cup squad in South Africa , will spend part of June coaching in Florida .
While Scholes 's clubmate Wayne Rooney and the rest of the England squad are preparing for their second game in Group C , against Algeria in Cape Town on 18 June , Scholes will be near Orlando .
A group of girls and boys aged between eight and 18 will have paid $ 449 ( £ 302 ) a head to be coached by him .
Supported by the Darlington manager , Simon Davey , Scholes is scheduled to be the star attraction of the Paul Scholes Soccer Academy Week between 14 and 17 June .
The project is being run under the auspices of the Midwest Soccer Academy ( MSA ) at the Austin - Tindall regional park in Kissimmee .
Scholes , who is billed in the United States as the " Manchester United and England superstar " , has been booked to coachfrom 8 am and 2 pm every day .
Tony Shard , the MSA president and a long - term friend of Scholes 's from their childhood in Lancashire , told the Guardian of his delight that the midfielder had decided not to cancel his trip to Florida when Capello called .
" I gather Paul turned Fabio Capello 's World Cup offer down , " said Shard , who played youth football for Oldham Athletic .
" So I guess England 's disappointment is our good fortune .
Paul is a fantastic coach .
We are very lucky to have him and Simon Davey this summer . "
Will Russell , an MSA staff member , hinted that youth coaching might prove the bedrock of Scholes 's life after he retires from the game .
" I think Paul knows he can't play forever and this is something which really interests him and he has a heart for , " he said .
" Paul will be present every day and will be working with the kids in every session . "
If Scholes can expect some ribbing if England have slipped up against the USA in their first group game , in Rustenburg on 12 June , Capello must trust that he will not be left to rue the midfielder 's decision to shun potential night - time South African frosts in favour of day - time Floridian highs reaching the low 90s fahrenheit .
England 's manager had been given reason to believe the famously home - loving , 35 - year - old father of three , who won the last of his 66 caps at Euro 2004 , might end his international retirement .
But after " sleeping " on the matter , Scholes declined .
" We had been monitoring him for the second part of the season , when he 's played very well , " said Capello this week .
" We tried to convince him to come back but he said ' no ' .
He preferred to stay with his family . "
Not to mention the prospect of a short spell of work in the Orlando sunshine .
Blogger Pamela Geller , an outspoken opponent of the plan to build a mosque near the World Trade Center site , is offending Muslims with a new bus ad she bought with donations from chumps readers of her blog , Atlas Shrugs .
The ad , seen here , costs $ 10,000 , and will appear on 40 buses for the next month .
It 's all part of Geller 's " Leave Islam " campaign , and she tells the Daily News , " Will it bother Islamic supremacists ?
Yes .
There ought to be ads also for people who want to leave Islam .
Their lives are threatened . "
Similar bus ads were yanked by Miami Dade Transit after objections from Muslims who called them a " smoke screen for hatred , " but then reposted after a lawsuit .
In Astoria , one Muslim tells the News , " I think it 's stupid , sorry .
You are free to believe whatever you want .
If you are in it by force , you are not a real Muslim . "
And the MTA 's spokesman says the ads " did not violate the MTA 's advertising guidelines . "
On her blog , Geller blasted the News for not balancing the article with quotes from Muslims who were saved from their religion by her ad campaign .
" Once again — angry Muslims , but no ex-Muslims grateful that someone is coming to their defense , " Geller wrote .
" For the multicultural elitists of the Daily News , such people simply do n't exist . "
And if you did n't get enough Geller from her ads and her blog , she says she 'll be on Joy Behar 's show tonight debating with " the wife of the 911 mega mosque at Ground Zero , Daisy Khan . "
STEP 3
Spoon a third of the tomato sauce on the base of a lasagne dish .
Top with a third of the lasagne sheets .
Then top with a third sauce , a third lasagne , the last of the tomato sauce and finally the last sheets of lasagne .
Pour over the white sauce and scatter with the cheese and an extra grating of nutmeg .
Chill .
If eating straight away , bake at 190C / 170C fan / gas 5 for 40 mins until golden and bubbling .
Scatter with basil , if you like , and serve with a salad and garlic bread .
Hot promotions in marble statue on aliexpress :
Great news !!
！You ’re in the right place for marble statue .
By now you already know that , whatever you are looking for , you ’re sure to find it on AliExpress .
We literally have thousands of great products in all product categories .
Whether you ’re looking for high - end labels or cheap , economy bulk purchases , we guarantee that it ’s here on AliExpress .
You ’ll find official stores for brand names alongside small independent discount sellers , all of whom offer quick shipping and reliable , as well as convenient and safe , payment methods , no matter how much you choose to spend .
AliExpress will never be beaten on choice , quality and price .
Every day you ’ll find new , online - only offers , store discounts and the opportunity to save even more by collecting coupons .
But you may have to act fast as this top marble statue is set to become one of the most sought - after best - sellers in no time .
Think how jealous you ’re friends will be when you tell them you got your marble statue on AliExpress .
With the lowest prices online , cheap shipping rates and local collection options , you can make an even bigger saving .
If you ’re still in two minds about marble statue and are thinking about choosing a similar product , AliExpress is a great place to compare prices and sellers .
We ’ll help you to work out whether it ’s worth paying extra for a high - end version or whether you ’re getting just as good a deal by getting the cheaper item .
And , if you just want to treat yourself and splash out on the most expensive version , AliExpress will always make sure you can get the best price for your money , even letting you know when you ’ll be better off waiting for a promotion to start , and the savings you can expect to make .
AliExpress takes pride in making sure that you always have an informed choice when you buy from one of hundreds of stores and sellers on our platform .
Every store and seller is rated for customer service , price and quality by real customers .
Plus you can find out the store or individual seller ratings , as well as compare prices , shipping and discount offers on the same product by reading comments and reviews left by users .
Every purchase is star-rated and often has comments left by previous customers describing their transaction experience so you can buy with confidence every time .
In short , you do n’t have to take our word for it – just listen to our millions of happy customers .
And , if you ’re new to AliExpress , we ’ll let you in on a secret .
Just before you click ‘ buy now ’ in the transaction process , take a moment to check for coupons – and you ’ll save even more .
You can find store coupons , AliExpress coupons or you can collect coupons every day by playing games on the AliExpress app .
And , as most of our sellers offer free shipping – we think you ’ll agree that you ’re getting this marble statue at one of the best prices online .
BERLIN — A German bishop accused of beating children decades ago when he was a priest has tendered his resignation to Pope Benedict XVI , the diocese in Augsburg said Thursday , the latest jolt to the Roman Catholic Church in Germany as it grapples with a swirling sexual abuse scandal .
The accused man , Bishop Walter Mixa , was one of the church ’s most prominent and outspoken conservatives in Germany , and he aggressively defended himself for weeks against charges of physically abusing children in a Bavarian orphanage .
Accusations have also surfaced of financial irregularities at the orphanage ’s foundation .
A lawyer hired by the foundation has raised questions about thousands of dollars spent on wine , art , jewelry and even a tanning bed while Bishop Mixa was chairman of the foundation ’s board in the 1990s .
Bishop Mixa was a priest in the town of Schrobenhausen from 1975 to 1996 .
Bishop Mixa sent a letter to the pope on Wednesday asking to be relieved of his office , the diocese said .
Although he was not accused of sexual abuse , his case made headlines across Germany for weeks and focused more negative attention on a church already shaken by scandal .
In many ways , the quality of what people hear — how well the playback reflects the original sound — has taken a step back .
To many expert ears , compressed music files produce a crackly , tinnier and thinner sound than music on CDs and certainly on vinyl .
And to compete with other songs , tracks are engineered to be much louder as well .
In one way , the music business has been the victim of its own technological success : the ease of loading songs onto a computer or an iPod has meant that a generation of fans has happily traded fidelity for portability and convenience .
This is the obstacle the industry faces in any effort to create higher - quality — and more expensive — ways of listening .
“ If people are interested in getting a better sound , there are many ways to do it , ” Mr. Zimmer said .
“ But many people do n’t even know that they might be interested . ”
Take Thomas Pinales , a 22 - year - old from Spanish Harlem and a fan of some of today ’s most popular artists , including Lady Gaga , Jay - Z and Lil Wayne .
Mr. Pinales listens to his music stored on his Apple iPod through a pair of earbuds , and while he would n’t mind upgrading , he is not convinced that it would be worth the cost .
Image Mario Suazo , 11 , listens to his iPod at the Port Authority Bus Terminal .
Credit ... Joshua Bright for The New York Times
“ My ears are n’t fine tuned , ” he said .
“ I do n’t know if I could really tell the difference . ”
The change in sound quality is as much cultural as technological .
For decades , starting around the 1950s , high - end stereos were a status symbol .
A high - quality system was something to show off , much like a new flat - screen TV today .
You 've overclocked it and hacked it to run OS X and Android , now you can return your N900 to its native Maemo 5 OS with the launch of a version 1.2 software update .
The V10.2010.19 - 1 bump now available in the UK ( global on Wednesday ) packs several enhancements including face - to - face video calling , improved Ovi Maps , and a better email experience with bundled Facebook IM Chat and the ability to accept or decline event invitations from the inbox .
You 'll also see a number of new games when the Ovi Store switches over on Thursday .
And after much speculation , Nokia 's also admitting that MeeGo will not be officially supported on the N900 once the Intel / Nokia OS is device ready .
Nokia will continue to support the core Maemo OS , however , as demonstrated by today 's update .
Regardless , we 're sure that the N900's active fan - base will deliver a MeeGo update outside of official channels , especially since the N900 is already being used as a platform for ARM - based MeeGo development .
[ Thanks , Pasu ]
Thank you !
Steven R. , SANTA ROSA , CA Rated by 3 Star out of 5
Our experience was a very comfortable one .
Marco was there for us every step of the way and made what seemed to be very overwhelming to us , he did at such ease .
His years of experience showed .
Marco helped us with our purchase of our first home during the COVID - 19 and made it happen .
He helped us out so much and we could n't be more thankful !!!
Thank you , Marco !
April 30 , 2010 -- People sometimes complain of dizziness or an upset stomach after a riding a roller coaster , but now a new report suggests the high speeds and sudden turns of this popular ride can also cause ear damage .
In one of the first case studies of its kind to be reported , doctors from Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit discussed the treatment of a 24 - year - old man who suffered ear barotrauma after riding a roller coaster that reaches a maximum speed of 120 miles per hour within four seconds .
Ear barotrauma occurs when there is a quick change in air pressure that affects the eardrum and pressure in the middle ear .
The condition often occurs during scuba diving , air travel , or being near explosives .
In the case reported by Henry Ford Hospital doctors , the patient 's head was turned during the ride .
Thirty - six hours after the ride , the man reported feelings of pain and fullness in the right ear .
A physical examination revealed damage to his right ear , including a swollen ear canal and an inflamed eardrum .
The eardrum was not punctured .
The patient ’s left ear was fine , suggesting that his right ear endured the full impact of the roller - coaster motion while his head was turned , doctors reported .
Study researcher Kathleen L. Yaremchuk , MD , chair of the department of otolaryngology at Henry Ford Hospital , and colleagues estimated that the patient 's right ear was exposed to about 0.6 pounds per square inch -- a measurement used to gauge pressure -- when the roller coaster accelerated .
The patient did not receive treatment and his symptoms cleared up within three days .
The case study was presented April 30 at the Triological Society 's 113th annual meeting , part of the Combined Otolaryngology Spring Meetings in Las Vegas .
" As rollercoasters continue to push the envelope of speed , otolaryngologists need to be aware of this new cause of barotrauma to the ear , " Yaremchuk says in a news release .
" Based on our research , we recommend that passengers remain facing forward for the duration of the ride to not let the full impact of acceleration hit the ear . "
Reasons to Hire Us As Your Joomla
Development Company
Perception System is one of the fastest growing Joomla Development companies in India that has been working dedicatedly in different aspects of Joomla .
We have imparted Joomla customization services to our number of clients and contented them by offering on time and on budget services .
Our team comprehends the changes in online trends and needs of a fast - paced corporate world .
Therefore , they work to provide a wonderful and satisfying Joomla website that has compelling features .
Here , we assure you that we can become your best Joomla project partner .
Shares in BP fell nearly 5 % this morning after the company warned that the cost of tackling the disastrous oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico now exceeds $ 6 m ( £ 4 m ) per day , and will keep rising as it intensifies its efforts to deal with the accident .
The British energy giant told the stock market that it has begun drilling a ' relief well ' to try to isolate the original well which is still spewing 5,000 barrels of oil into the sea each day .
This involves digging 13,000 feet below the seabed , and BP estimated today that this could take around three months .
The company also said in a statement that , contrary to some reports , it has not managed to slow the flow of oil from the MC252 well .
BP shares dropped to a low of 546 p when trading in London began as City investors took their first opportunity to offload BP shares following the long weekend .
This knocked more than £ 5bn off last Friday 's market capitalisation taking it to around £ 102.5 bn .
At the start of last week , the company was valued at £ 122bn .
With chief executive Tony Hayward due to meet US politicians and regulators in Washington later today , the company is attempting new ways to deal with the disaster .
The latest idea is to inject dispersants directly into the oil flow close to the main leak :
The technique is intended to efficiently mix the oil and dispersant , breaking up and dispersing accumulations of oil and allowing it to degrade naturally and reduce surface impact .
The suggestion for this innovative technique came from the companies across the oil industry that BP approached last week for further ideas and expertise to help BP control the well and tackle the spill .
BP also hopes to erect a steel canopy over the leak point , allowing it to corall the oil and then pump it to the surface .
Depending on the weather , it may try to install a " coffer dam " in the middle of next week .
It also continues to operate eight submersible robots in an effort to activate the blowout protector , which is meant to seal a well and stop oil leaking out .
BP , which hired the Deepwater Horizon rig that caught fire and sank two weeks ago , said it continues to cover the cost of these various efforts , and warned shareholders that it does not know what the final bill will be :
Whilst difficult to accurately estimate , the cost to the MC252 owners of the efforts to contain the spill and secure the well is currently estimated to be more than $ 6 m per day .
This figure is rising as activity increases .
It is too early to quantify other potential costs and liabilities associated with the incident .
Until BP can stop the oil leak , it will be impossible to estimate quite how badly this drama will play out .
On a financial level , independent estimates have put the final bill at anywhere between $ 3bn and $ 12bn ( £ 2bn - £ 7.8 bn ) .
In other City news this morning ....
Ryanair has urged passengers not to panic as another cloud of volcanic ash hits Ireland .
Irish regulators have closed airspace , but say they " hope to have positive news " later today .
Ryanair itself has declaed that the disruption will not be as bad as last time .
And in banking , Standard Chartered 's focus on Asia continues to pay off with a record - breaking performance in the first three months of 2010 .
It announced this morning that its wholesale banking arm ( which includes investment banking ) saw a 20 % jump in client income as customers continue to seek financing , and foreign exchange deals .
Encouragingly , there were no significant new bad debts in its corporate loan book .
Today Sen. Joe Lieberman ( ID - Conn . ) introduced his bill aimed at stripping terrorism suspects of their U.S. citizenship , thereby making them eligible for military tribunals and / or indefinite detention ( a proposal I discussed this morning ) .
The Terrorist Expatriation
Act would make " engaging in…hostilities against the United States " or " providing material support or resources to a foreign terrorist organization " grounds for revoking someone 's citizenship .
As with the existing grounds — treason , renouncing one 's nationality during a state of war , or serving in the military of a " foreign state " that is engaged in hostilities with the U.S. — the determination would be made by the State Department .
Someone stripped of his citizenship could challenge the State Department 's decision in federal court , where the government would have to show by " a preponderance of the evidence " that he committed an expatriating act with the intent of relinquishing his citizenship .
That standard of proof , which means that the allegation is more likely than not to be true , is much easier to satisfy than proof " beyond a reasonable doubt , " which is required for a criminal conviction .
Hence an American accused of ties to terrorism could be stripped of his citizenship without anything like the evidence needed to convict him in federal court .
It would not matter whether he was arrested here or abroad , or where his offense allegedly occurred ; indeed , an arrest , let alone a conviction , does not seem to be a requirement at all .
Once stripped of his citizenship , the suspect could be locked in a military prison indefinitely , with or without a trial by a military tribunal ( where he would have fewer due process protections than he would in a civilian court ) and regardless of whether he was convicted or acquitted .
By linking his end run around due process to the " material support " statute , Lieberman greatly expands the bill 's potential applications .
As a case that is currently before the Supreme Court shows , the definition of " material support " is vague and broad — broad enough to cover pure speech advocating legal activity , among other things that fall far short of leaving a car bomb in Times Square .
Depending on how much evidence of an intent to relinquish citizenship is required , combining the wide net of " material support " with the preponderance - of - evidence standard could easily lead to indefinite military detention of Americans whose links to groups on the State Department 's list of foreign terrorist organizations are tenuous , innocent , or even nonexistent .
Lieberman 's bill , which is co-sponsored by Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , is here ( PDF ) .
His summary is here .
Reps. Jason Altmire ( D - Pa. ) and Charlie Dent ( R - Pa. ) have introduced the same bill in the House .
Talk show host Larry King , one of the stars of the film " Swing Vote , " poses as he arrives for the film 's premiere in Hollywood , California July 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Broadcast veteran Larry King announced on Tuesday that he would be ending his nightly “ Larry King Live ” show on CNN this coming autumn after 25 years on television .
King , 76 , said in a statement he would still host specials for CNN on major events , but wanted to spend more time with his wife and young children .
Known for his non-confrontational style and for wearing colored suspenders , King has interviewed a broad array of guests from Hollywood stars to politicians and athletes .
“ With this chapter closing I ’m looking forward to the future and what my next chapter will bring , but for now it ’s time to hang up my nightly suspenders , ” King told viewers on Tuesday night ’s show .
“ Larry King Live ” recently made the Guinness Book of World Records for having the longest running show with the same host in the same time slot .
King and his seventh wife , Shawn Southwick , called off their plans to divorce in May and reunited .
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel says the Obama administration had “ screwed up ” in demonstrating its support of Israel over the last year , and acknowledges it will probably take months before it can win back Jewish support .
“ During the elections there were doubts about President Obama ’s support for Israel , and now they have resurfaced , ” Emanuel told a group of prominent rabbis who visited the White House Thursday , according to The Jerusalem Post .
“ But concerning policy , we have done everything that we can that is in Israel ’s security – and long - range interests .
Watch what the administration does .
” Backing Emanuel was veteran Mideast envoy Dennis Ross , who now runs the administration ’s Iran policy .
He tried to assure the rabbis that the United States had no plans to pressure Israel to reveal its own alleged nuclear stockpiles by calling for a nuclear - free Middle East .
Emanuel said that the administration ’s priorities in the Middle East center around three issues : isolating Iran , “ removing America ’s footprint in Iraq , ” which is perceived as an intrusion into Arab and Muslim lands , and the Israeli - Palestinian peace process , which he said is key to Israel ’s security and also helps both Israel and the U.S. Read the entire story in The Jerusalem Post
Police are searching for a black BMW that fled from Toronto ’s Entertainment District early Tuesday after shots were fired near the G20 security zone .
At least three shots were fired from a vehicle near John St. and King St. W around 3:15 a.m. investigators say , despite an increased police presence in the area .
While the shots were fired close to the yellow G20 security zone , where more than 5,000 police officers are set to patrol downtown Toronto , police say they have no reason to believe this incident is related to the upcoming summit .
Investigators say three shell casings from a small caliber gun were found in the area but could not confirm reports that police vehicles pursued the vehicle to the city ’s west end where it disappeared , or that more than a dozen off - duty RCMP officers witnessed the shooting .
Nobody was injured and the investigation is ongoing .
When traveling around the world , even to the remotest regions , anthropologists have often carried with them illustrations of the female figure .
Some of the women represented have thick waists , what is known as a high waist - to - hip ratio , or WHR .
Others have tiny wasp waists , a low WHR .
Some have WHRs somewhere in between .
The anthropologist will show these drawings to the menfolk , and ask them which figure they prefer .
About 90 percent of the time , men prefer women with a WHR of about .7 , the waist being 70 percent the width of the hips , which is rather low .
Some cultures prefer heavier women and other cultures prefer lightweights , but the preferred proportions are about the same .
For decades researchers have debated the importance and veracity of these findings .
As detailed in BLONDES , many researchers think there are some very good reasons why men prefer wider hips and smaller waists : fertility ( wider pelvises are good for childbirth and high estrogen prevents excess waist waste ) , sexual dimorphism ( it ’s what makes women “ womenly ” ) , youth ( the exception being wasp - waist - record - holder Cathie Jung , above , who modified hers ) , and health ( the fat that accumulates on the thighs is good for a baby ’s developing brain , while abdominal fat is harmful ) .
These are all good reasons .
But naysayers claim that Western culture has influenced the rest of the world through TV and other media , which is why men prefer such small waists in proportion to hips .
These critics believe that the preference is the result of visual learning .
Kids grow up seeing that women with low WHRs are considered most attractive , and they believe it .
This is reinforced by the Western media .
Drawing on this logic , these skeptics think there is nothing intrinsically sexy about curves .
But now a score for evolutionary psychologists .
A recent study led by researchers at Rahboud University in the Netherlands and the University of California at Los Angeles confirmed that men prefer small - waisted women — by sight or by touch .
Nearly forty men , half of them blind from birth , were invited to a lab containing mannequins .
One mannequin had a figure with a 70 percent WHR , often considered the golden ideal , while the other had a thicker 84 percent WHR .
The men were asked to rate the attractiveness of each figure .
Sighted men gazed and blind men groped .
Later , reviewing the results , the researchers saw the same clearcut pattern : both groups rated the hourglass - shaped mannequin as sexier .
( Vision did play some role , with the sighted group giving the slimmer - waisted mannequin higher ratings , but the difference was slight . )
No doubt cultural relativists will refute this , saying that the sightless are also influenced by Western media .
Blind guys might not see shapely female bodies , but they ’ll hear about them and form a bias in their favor .
In the immortal words of singer Sir Mix - a - Lot : “ I like big butts and I can not lie / You other brothers ca n’t deny / That when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist / And a round thing in your face … ”
A shrunken brain may potentially lie inside the fossil skull of a newfound candidate for the immediate ancestor to the human lineage , researchers now reveal .
This new species , dubbed Australopithecus sediba , was accidentally discovered in South Africa by the 9 - year - old son of a scientist .
Two members of this hominid were introduced to the world last week — a juvenile male and an adult female , who might have known each other in life and who could have met their demise by falling into the remains of the cave where they were discovered .
Preliminary results from scans of the extraordinarily preserved male skull now show the presence of what could be fossilized insect eggs and a brain remnant .
Scanning the fossil
The hominid skull was mostly kept in the stone matrix it was found in .
This helps keep the fragile fossil intact and also preserves anything that might be left inside .
To scan the fossil without breaking it open , researchers used X - rays generated at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble , France .
The energy range and image resolution from the X - rays generated at this synchrotron — a kind of particle accelerator , or atom smasher — are far greater than that of conventional X - ray machines , capable of details going down to 700 nanometers , equal to a wavelength of red light .
An extensive two - week long investigation generated some 15 terabytes of raw data , which once processed would result in a total of 45 terabytes or more final data .
That is equal roughly to half as much data as collected in the U.S. Library of Congress .
Brain remnant ?
Soft parts of the body normally do not fossilize .
Still , an extended low - density area in the rock still inside the skull could suggest brain tissue after bacterial decay .
" We saw this cavity near the frontal part inside the skull that had a strange shape , " said researcher Paul Tafforeau , a paleoanthropologist at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility .
" One way to explain that cavity is that when this individual died , it was mummified , and the mummification made the brain shrink by losing water , leading to an odd shape , " Tafforeau said .
" Later you had water with sediment come up , fossilizing the individual and filling the brain case , but you still had that brain remnant inside . "
If it is a shrunken brain , it is perhaps one - twentieth of its original size of 420 and 450 cubic centimeters , which was already small when compared to the human brain of about 1,200 to 1,600 cubic centimeters .
The shrinkage would make teasing apart its original structure virtually impossible , and the possibility of it holding any useful amounts of protein , DNA or other biomolecules is slim .
" It 's quite an unexpected discovery , but for the moment , I 'm not sure we can find any important information in it , " Tafforeau said .
" I hope that I 'm wrong .
It 's too early to say . "
Teeth and truth
Scans of the fossil 's teeth to look at internal growth lines and structure could provide the precise age at death of the individual .
" In ape teeth , about 3 to 4 microns of enamel is deposited every day on a growing tooth , so each day , you get one line about that thick , " Tafforeau said .
" By counting the lines , you can directly count the number of days they were alive . "
By comparing his real age and his developmental level , which is roughly equivalent to that of a 13 - year - old modern human , scientists can shed light on the pattern of his life history .
" The rate of development is extremely important when it comes to the evolution of hominids , " Tafforeau explained .
Modern humans have an extremely slow life history that is key to the development of our brains , while australopithecines such as Lucy had more rapid ones more like that of chimpanzees .
" The aim of the study of the teeth will be to see if Australopithecus sediba is still developing like other australopithecines or if its development is already showing a tendency toward Homo genus " Tafforeau said , referring to the human lineage .
Eggs and other clues
Three fossilized insect eggs , each about a tenth of an inch ( two or three millimeters ) large , were seen within the skull , potentially hatching larvae that fed on the flesh of the hominid after death , researchers added .
Two eggs belonged to wasps and apparently had already hatched , while the third , a fly egg , remained unopened .
In addition to the skull , many fragments of the skeleton , representing nearly 40 percent of an entire body , were also analyzed .
" We can use that data to create biomechanical models to help reconstruct their locomotion , to see if they went climbing in trees or walking on the floor , " Tafforeau said .
This is only the second time ever that a complete skull of a hominid was examined using powerful synchrotron radiation , with the first being the 6.5 - to - 7.5 - million - year - old human - like , chimp - like biped " Toumai . "
They hope to one day scan the other A. sediba fossil skeleton , that of an adult female .
" We did n't scan them both for security reasons — being a new species , it was unacceptable to have them both traveling together at the same time , as you could imagine a plane crashing and losing them both , " Tafforeau said .
" We will definitely focus on the female too . "
Advertisements
On his FNC program Hannity , Sean Hannity was doing his best to sell the oil spill in the Gulf as Obama ’s Katrina , when he flat out lied to his audience and said , “ The fact is they sat back for nine days and did absolutely nothing . ”
If by doing nothing Hannity meant deploying the Coast Guard within hours of the explosion , first for search and rescue then to contain the spill , then Obama did nothing .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Hannity said , “ The sole responsibility in this case when it ’s an oil spill that gonna impact our fishing industry , our beaches , our shores would be the federal government .
The fact is they sat back for nine days and they did absolutely nothing .
The very same people that were so fast to criticize George W. Bush in the other two instances . ”
I know Hannity is just mouthing the right wing talking point , but let ’s put this one to bed , right now .
Media Matters put together a great timeline of Obama administration action on this .
The Coast Guard was on the scene after the explosion .
On April 21 BP put out a statement that said the Coast Guard was there , “ BP , which operates the licence on which Transocean ’s rig was drilling an exploration well , said it was working closely with Transocean and the U.S. Coast Guard , which is leading the emergency response , and had been offering its help – including logistical support . ”
On April 23 , the Coast Guard released a statement about their efforts to mitigate the impact of the spill , “ Although the oil appears to have stopped flowing from the well head , Coast Guard , BP , Transocean , and MMS remain focused on mitigating the impact of the product currently in the water and preparing for a worst - case scenario in the event the seal does not hold .
Visual feed from deployed remotely operated vehicles with sonar capability is continually monitored in an effort to look for any crude oil which still has the potential to emanate from the subsurface well . ”
On April 25 and 26th federal response crews were trying to skim the oil off of the water ’s surface .
Hannity was not only inaccurate about the Obama the administration ’s response to the spill .
He lied .
I know how desperate the right is to bring Obama down , but an oil spill is not the same thing as a class 5 hurricane that the federal government had plenty of notice about , but chose to sit back and watch as American citizens died in their own homes .
Obama ’s response in this situation has been the anti-Bush , but for Sean Hannity the truth is simply not an option .
Often times in life you ’ll find yourself in a coed living arrangement .
A lot of times a male / female roommate combo works out for the best .
Testosterone gets balanced out
You wo n’t have more than one woman PMS’ing
Generally you try to be less of a pig around the opposite sex
Unfortunately , with the good comes the bad .
Â
One of the bads is that females really do n’t understand how much we jerk off until they get stuck with us .
Â
In short , you ’re probably going to get caught flogging your dolphin at least once .
Â
Stay calm , we ’re going to shoot a couple suggestions in your direction .
Act Like You Are Getting Dressed
If you act like you ’re getting dressed , a well mannered female roommate will usually quickly turn around and excuse herself from the area .
Â
This cuts down on the uneasiness when the two of you will next cross paths .
Â
“ Sorry for marching in while you were getting dressed lol ” is a lot easier laugh about than “ Remember the time I busted in on you while you were pounding your pud . ”
Pretend Like You Did n’t Notice Her
If you ’re positioned in a way that you can continue rubbing one out , without having to face your doorway , then go ahead keep your rhythm .
Â
Best case scenario , she watches for a moment before joining in .
Â
Worst case scenario , she becomes shocked and appalled , eventually tells all of her friends you have a small penis .
Â
Is this risk worth the reward ? Â
We ’d like to think so .
Awkwardly Cover Your Shit Up
Probably the most instinctive reaction when someone barrels into your room whilst naked , is to quickly cover up the areas that you do n’t want them to see .
Â
Unfortunately your massive boner will often protrude through whatever small piece of clothing you used to cover it up with .
Â
This will leave your roommate with an “ ohh damn what kind of perv am I living with ” taste in her mouth .
Â
Eventually she ’ll end up getting paranoid about walking around in her long night shirt / pantie combo , and inevitably she ’ll move out .
Invite Her To Help You Finish
While this seems like a far - fetched idea , let me please remind you that some girls are awesome ( nsfw ) .
Â
Sure a much smaller percentage of woman fap on the reg , or crave a good weekly pounding , but you know they do exist .
Â
Throw your cards and your yogurt slinger on the table and ask her if she ’d be down to give it a whirl “ as friends . ”
Â
If you have done this , and mastered the whole “ no strings ” that comes with it , then you my friend , have felt pure win .
Optional Conclusion : Lock your door
Several demonstrators gathered outside BP's D.C. offices to protest the company 's offshore oil drilling operation .
Three weeks ago , a BP oil rig off the coast of Louisiana was rocked by a massive explosion .
Four million gallons of oil has spilled into the Gulf of Mexico since then .
" Everybody is pretty much on pins and needles , " said National Geographic photographer Tyrone Turner , who talked to fishermen and others affected by the spill .
" There 's a fair amount of confusion and anger … the fishing grounds and the oyster beds have been closed … so they are out of business .
They ca n’t do anything . "
Turner saw the spill firsthand by boat and by air .
The magnitude is hard to comprehend , he said , as is the potential effects on the Gulf ’s ecosystem .
" You just see all of this life out there and that ’s why everyone is so focused on this to try and stave off what could happen , " he said .
On Capitol Hill Tuesday , executives from the companies in charge -- BP , Halliburton and Transocean -- traded blame , with BP sidestepping compensation to harmed communities .
" We are going to pay all legitimate claims , " said BP President Lamar McKay .
That ’s not good enough , protesters said .
" Our demand is very straightforward , it 's very simple : Seize assets of BP sufficient to compensate the people they harm , " said Carl Messineo , organizer of the Seize BP campaign .
Turner 's going back to Louisiana to document more of the people affected by the spill .
" I was at a training session for fishermen who were learning how to put out the container booms , and the anger was that not all of them got to do it , " Turner said .
" They all wanted to get out there and do it , and that was a real sense that we do n’t want to wait . "
You need Adobe Flash Player verion 9 or later to decide when it is acceptable for man to consume man .
You and your raftmate are stranded at sea with no food or water .
Now it 's up to you to decide the right moment to cannibalize your raftmate .
Watch your meters and your raftmate .
Click the button to resort to cannibalism .
Resort to cannibalism too soon and you 'll fail .
Wait too long and you 'll die of starvation or be eaten first .
Every game is different .
Created by Wonder - Tonic
K! Pizzacones 325 Fifth Avenue , New York NY 10016 ( 32nd/33rd ; map ) ; 646-823-9318
Getting there : 6 train to 33rd Street ; B/D/F/N/Q/R/V/W to 34th Street
Pizza style : Pizza cone
Oven type : Electric commercial convection
The skinny : Pizza in a muthafrakkin ' cone , y'all .
Pizza in a muthafrakkin ' cone .
A novelty and a pricey one .
Price : $ 4.90 / $ 5.90 small / large .
1 extra filing , 50 ¢ surcharge ; 2 or more extra fillings , $ 1 surcharge no matter how many fillings
So the big deal in NYC pizzaland today was that K !
Pizzacones finally opened .
Midtown Lunch has been tracking the arrival of this place for what seems like ages .
But nobody has been waiting for pizza cones longer than I have .
I detail my obsession with these things here and here .
Short story long : I first read about them in 2004 and had been hoping they 'd make their way to New York City sooner rather than later .
( At one point in early 2008 , I got to try a non-retail version . )
Six years later , they 've arrived with the opening of K !
Pizzacones today .
I made my way down there at lunchtime , tweeting about it as I went about my visit .
K! Pizzacones is a narrow , narrow take - out space on Fifth Avenue between 32nd and 33rd streets .
It was mobbed today at lunchtime .
Word had spread , with people citing word of mouth and the Daily News as their tip - off to the opening .
To Know Before You Go
There are two cone sizes on the menu : K ! ( $ 4.90 ) is essentially a small cone and K !! is a large ( $ 5.90 ) .
I know , weird right ?
Why they just did n't say Small and Large is beyond me , as it gets confusing whether the exclamation marks mean cone size , number of cones , or number of toppings ( or , in this case , fillings ) .
As I said , the exclamation marks designates size .
Filling prices :
There are a number of standard cones ( Mozzarella & Tomato , Pepperoni , Four Cheese , Vegetarian ( Broccoli , Mushroom ) that are all priced at the base price of $ 4.90 / $ 5.90 .
To those you can add additional toppings .
It 's 50 ¢ extra for your first additional topping and then $ 1 extra for two or more toppings after that — whether you get two additional toppings or four or more ; it 's still $ 1 extra .
You get a choice of tomato sauce or pesto sauce .
I went with tomato sauce in all three cones for the purposes of this review .
I do n't do pesto sauce on my slices , so why would I do it in my pizza cone ?
It takes a while .
Each parbaked cone is filled and baked to order .
According to the Daily News , baking takes at least 5 minutes , which I can confirm having watched several orders fulfilled while waiting in the store .
It 's kinda pricey for what it is .
At $ 4.90 for a small and $ 5.90 for a large , you could basically get two plain slices elsewhere without the wait .*
* The wait : Granted it was their first day and I 'm sure things will get faster as they iron things out , but if you have to wait 5 minutes for a cone even if you 're the only customer , that 's still slower than a busy slice joint , where ordering a slice from a fresh - from - the - oven slice pie might take you 3 minutes or less .
The Menu
There are several fillings to choose from , including breakfast cone and dessert cone fillings .
I was intrigued by the artichoke offering and had it in my mind to order it .
Unfortunately , pepperoni came out of my mouth when I reached the front of the line .
The Unboxing
The cones are baked in metal caddy and then packaged in a cardboard sleeve that fits into a little box .
Ten , twenty years ago we probably would n't have blinked at this , but today you can't help but think how wasteful that much packaging is .
Granted , it 's probably no more wasteful than a paper plate slipped into a bag ( OK , still a bit more wasteful ) , but if you minus the bag and take your slice to go on just the plate , you 're probably an ecological footprint or two ahead of the K !
Pizzacone packaging as is .
Anyway , I 've got some gratuitous pizza cone porn in the gallery above — complete with the weirdest PIZZA AUTOPSY shots you will ever see .
Peep it , folks , peep it !
The Flavor
OK .
I 'm adding this section in response to DustinM in the comments below and some folks on Twitter asking , " Great , but how'd it taste ? "
Well , just sort of think about it .
It 's a parbaked pastrylike cone stuffed with ingredients and finished off in a commercial convection oven .
What 's that sound like to you ?
Real pizza ?
No .
It 's basically a pizza - flavored product , not unlike what you might find in your grocer 's freezer aisle .
It 's considerable fresher and tastier than something from the grocery , but it has a convenience - snack item texture , feel , and flavor .
The cheese , as I mention in the gallery above , seems to contain a bit of cheddar in it as well , even though it 's listed a mozzarella on the menu .
( " Mozzarella " and " fresh mozzarella " are options -- like this is Patsy 's East Harlem or something ! )
Why do I say that ?
Because the cheese in the " plain " cone I got was sharp and tangy and showed more oiliness on meltage than most mozzarellas I 've encountered .
There 's not much sauce in these puppies , so if you want a good balance , see if they 'll give you an extra squirt .
The pepperoni and sausage / onion cones were fine .
The pepperoni was a decent quality -- thick rectangles rather than thin slices -- though there was n't much of it .
It 's great for novelty , but I do n't know if I 'd lay down the scratch all that often for the $ 4.90 / $ 5.90 a pop that it costs .
It 's probably a good thing it's near the Empire State Building , because it seems like it could attract tourists who might not have it back home .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
" All the gold is imported from Germany , and soon we will have a customised gold bar with a print of the Emirates Palace logo , which will be a nice souvenir for guests to take home , " he said .
Enter a name ( without the .to extension ) and press the Submit button .
We will immediately determine whether your name is available .
Image caption
The world 's oil production dropped by 2 m barrels per day in 2009
Russia overtook Saudi Arabia to become the world 's leading oil producer in 2009 , while global oil consumption fell the most since 1982 , BP has said .
According to the oil giant 's latest Statistical Review of World Energy , Russia increased oil production by 1.5 % in 2009 , claiming a 12.9 % market share .
Production in Saudi Arabia fell 10.6 % , giving the country a 12 % market share .
Global oil consumption fell by 1.2 m barrels a day , or 1.7 % , while natural gas use dropped 2.1 % .
The world 's oil production dropped by 2 m barrels a day , or 2.6 % , also the largest decline since 1982 .
' Unconventional supplies '
BP also said that " global gas production declined for the first time on record " , falling 2.1 % .
" Production fell sharply in Russia ( - 12.1 % ) and Turkmenistan ( - 44.8 % ) , driven by declining consumption - in Russia and much of the rest of Europe - and the availability in Europe of competitively priced liquefied natural gas , " the report states .
The US became the world 's largest gas producer , surpassing Russia , thanks to " continued expansion of unconventional supplies " .
Global proven oil reserves increased by 700 m barrels to 1.33 trillion barrels last year .
At the same time , the world 's gas reserves grew by 2.21 trillion cubic meters to 187.49 trillion cubic meters .
We will be updating the archive frequently ; subscribe
Well this can't be tremendously surprising .
Apparently American Beauty director Sam Mendes is in the process of putting together a series of commercials for Apple 's next iPhone , which according to a tipster is being referred to internally as the Mammoth / N90 .
Besides that tip ( with a handful of juicy details ) , a trusted source has confirmed to us that the ads will feature at least one spot where a mother and daughter are having a video chat conversation using the new front - facing camera that 's been spied on the face of that iPhone floating around Vietnam and Northern California .
Adding weight to this story , a cursory search on Twitter revealed that there 's at least one actress who is up for a role in the " f*** ing apple commercial " in New York , and another fellow who is auditioning for spots in California .
We do n't know much more than that , but we 're fairly confident that this confirms video chat is coming to the next iPhone , and that that said iPhone is n't very far from our grasp .
Remember folks , June 7th is just a kiss away .
In July 2001 , the president of American Bank Note Holographics pleaded guilty to a four - count federal criminal information .
It charged him with conspiracy to defraud the U.S. , a books - and - records violation , making false statements to auditors , and conspiracy to violate the FCPA .
The charges arose from bribes paid on behalf of American Bank Note in Saudi Arabia .
Joshua Cantor was scheduled to be sentenced in 2003 .
Bail was set at $ 250,000 and he was ordered to surrender his “ travel documents and other international travel papers . ”
Cantor was n’t sentenced in 2003 .
According to the court docket ( available here ) , sentencing was postponed a couple of times .
The last date the court set was December 6 , 2006 .
Sentencing did n’t happen then , however , and no new date was ever set .
So nearly nine years after pleading guilty to four bribery - related felonies , Cantor is out on bail without a sentencing date .
What ’s life been like for him ?
Apparently normal .
He travels a lot .
Since 2003 , the court has approved trips to Puerto Rico and Israel ( twice each ) , Brazil , Canada , the British Virgin Islands , Spain , the Dominican Republic and Barbados . ﻿
Presumably the trips are for business .
Meanwhile , according to the court docket , most of which is sealed , the case has been dormant for two years , with no new activity reported to the public .
What ’s up with this case ?
Has Cantor slipped through the cracks in the federal criminal justice system ?
Or does his special treatment mean he ’s somehow helping the government ?
Is he a cooperating witness in related bribery investigations ?
There have been persistent rumors that Securency , the polymer banknote - maker half owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia , paid bribes and offered favors to win contracts in Asia , Africa and Latin America .
Last month we heard unconfirmed reports about Australian federal police visiting Washington to meet with the DOJ ’s FCPA team .
Was a chat with Joshua Cantor , who ’s from the same industry as Securency , on the agenda ?
U.S. v. Cantor was filed on July 17 , 2001 in the U.S. District Court , United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( Foley Square ) , Criminal Docket # : 1:01 - cr-00687-BSJ
- 1 . The case is currently assigned to Judge Barbara S. Jones .
When even Warren Buffett , who is no Boy Scout himself , is calling them out , you know it 's bad :
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Warren Buffett , the world 's most famous investor , launched an attack Saturday on big - bank executives , calling for penalties for those who led their companies to near - ruin .
In his latest letter to shareholders , the chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. decried the fact that while shareholders suffered during the recent crash , the top people at the banks got off relatively lightly .
" It has not been shareholders who have botched the operations of some of our country 's largest financial institutions , " wrote Buffett .
" Yet they have borne the burden , with 90 % or more of the value of their holdings wiped out in most cases of failure .
Collectively , they have lost more than $ 500 billion in just the four largest financial fiascos of the last two years .
To say these owners have been ' bailed - out ' is to make a mockery of the term .
" The CEOs and directors of the failed companies , however , have largely gone unscathed .
Their fortunes may have been diminished by the disasters they oversaw , but they still live in grand style , " added Buffett .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The opposition in Kyrgyzstan says it is setting up a " people 's government " after deadly clashes left some 65 dead .
Ex -Foreign Minister Roza Otunbayeva told the BBC that new defence and interior ministers had been appointed .
The opposition says President Kurmanbek Bakiyev has left the capital , Bishkek , to rally support in his home region of Jalalabad .
This has not been confirmed .
There has been no word from Mr Bakiyev since violent clashes spread to the capital on Wednesday .
The scene in Bishkek on Thursday morning was calm , with the opposition apparently in control of the government headquarters .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Speaking at a packed news conference , Ms Otunbayeva said parliament had been dissolved .
She said an interim government - which would remain in power for six months - was fully in control of the country and had appointed new ministers .
Mr Bakiyev had not yet resigned , she said , but was believed to have returned to Jalalabad , in the south of the country , to try to rally support .
" We want to negotiate his resignation , " Reuters news agency quotes her as saying .
" His business here is over . "
The BBC's Rayhan Demytrie in Bishkek says Mr Bakiyev has a large support base in the south where Osh , the country 's second city , is located .
It has yet to be seen how many people there will turn out for the president and whether Mr Bakiyev will try to fight back with their support .
Kyrgyzstan is a strategically important Central Asian state and houses a Russian base and a key US military base that supplies forces in Afghanistan .
The US has suspended military flights .
Ms Otunbayeva said these military bases could continue as before .
She is expected to address parliament later .
Domestic affair ?
The United States said on Wednesday it deplored the violence and urged " respect for the rule of law " .
AT THE SCENE Rayhan Demytrie , BBC News , Bishkek People are waking up to a sense of uncertainty .
I 've just been to the White House , the main administrative building .
There are hundreds of people gathering there and they want to know what to do next .
There are still no leaders to be seen .
We 've seen lots of burned cars , and a portrait of President Bakiyev that has been daubed with red paint - the result of widespread looting that has been going on around the capital .
We stopped at what was one of the biggest shopping malls in Bishkek and there was total chaos - not a single item left on the shelves , and glass everywhere .
Shopkeepers told us it was difficult to imagine the damage done to their businesses .
The day angered boiled over Russian PM Vladimir Putin denied that Moscow had played any role in the unrest , saying it was a " domestic affair " and that there should be " restraint " .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said the protests showed the " outrage at the existing regime " .
A spokesman for Ban Ki-moon said the UN secretary general was " shocked by the reported deaths and injuries that have occurred " in Kyrgyzstan .
" He urgently appeals for dialogue and calm to avoid further bloodshed . "
There was widespread looting and gunfire during the night in Bishkek .
The Kyrgyz health ministry said 40 people had died in the clashes and more than 400 were injured .
But the opposition said that figure was far too low .
In a broadcast on a TV channel it took over , spokesman Omurbek Tekebayev said at least 100 demonstrators had been killed .
The Associated Press news agency reported that an opposition leader had taken over the National Security Agency , the successor to the Soviet KGB .
The Kyrgyz border control was quoted as saying that the frontier with Kazakhstan had been closed .
Curfews TIMELINE : KYRGYZSTAN UNREST
March 2005 : Protests over disputed parliamentary election lead to fall of President Askar Akayev ; Kurmanbek Bakiyev appointed acting president and PM July 2005 : Mr Bakiyev elected president by a landslide May 2006 : Mass protests demand constitutional reform and more action to combat corruption October 2007 : Referendum approves constitutional changes , which the opposition present as a step towards authoritarianism December 2007 : Mr Bakiyev 's Ak Zhol party wins parliamentary poll ; opposition left with no seats July 2009 : Mr Bakiyev re-elected in vote criticised by monitors January 2010 : Opposition leader Ismail Isakov jailed for eight years for corruption , sparking opposition hunger strikes April 2010 : Clashes between police and anti-government protesters leave 65 dead
In pictures : Kyrgyzstan crisis Kyrgyz crisis : Eyewitness accounts Country profile : Kyrgyzstan Kyrgyzstan : Superpower hub Violence leaves uncertainty Mr Bakiyev came to power amid a wave of street protests in 2005 known as the Tulip Revolution , but many of his allies have deserted him claiming intimidation and corruption .
The unrest broke out in the provincial town of Talas on Tuesday and spread to Bishkek and another town , Naryn , on Wednesday .
All three were put under curfew .
Interior Minister Moldomusa Kongatiyev , who was believed to have gone to Talas to calm the situation , was reportedly severely beaten .
Initial reports that he had been killed by a mob were later denied .
Police in Bishkek initially used tear gas and stun grenades to try to disperse protesters .
But the demonstrators overcame the police and marched to the presidential offices in the city centre .
Police cars were overturned and set alight and officers attacked by the crowd .
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by the events ?
If you have information you would like to share with the BBC , please contact us using the form below Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ JURIST ]
A Lithuanian court ruled Tuesday that the image of the swastika is part of the country 's cultural identity and not a Nazi [ JURIST news archive ] symbol .
The ruling came in response to a suit that was filed against a group of men [ Lithuania Tribune report ] who carried posters that included the symbol during a February Independence Day parade .
A witness for the defense testified that the symbol had historical roots in the Baltic culture and that the image had been corrupted by others .
Parts of Europe continue to struggle with their Nazi history .
Last month , a German court convicted a UK bishop [ JURIST report ] for denying the Holocaust .
In February , the Hungarian Parliament [ official website , in Hungarian ] passed a bill [ JURIST report ] that prohibits denials of the Holocaust .
In November , the German Federal Constitutional Court [ official website , in German ] upheld [ JURIST report ] legislation prohibiting public support and justification of the Nazi regime .
Welcome to Object 102 , the third post in our series of Python internals and a direct continuation to the earlier post , Objects 101 ( reading this post without reading 101 totally voids your warranty , so maybe you should head there first if you have n’t yet ) .
In this post we will touch upon a central subject we have tiptoed around so far – attributes .
You have surely used attributes in the past if you ’ve done any Python programming : an object ’s attributes are other objects related to it and accessible by invoking the .
( dot ) operator , like so : >>> my_object.attribute_name .
Let ’s begin with a quick overview of observable attribute access behaviour in Python , a behaviour determined by the accessed object ’s type ( as we ’ve demonstrated ad nauseum about the behaviour of all operations on an object ) .
A type can define one ( or more ) specially named methods that will customize attribute access to its instances , these special methods are listed here ( and we already know they will be wired into the type ’s slots using fixup_slot_dispatchers when the type is created … you did read Objects 101 , right ? ) .
These methods can do pretty much anything they want ; whether writing your type in C or pure Python , you could write such methods that store and retrieve the attributes in some insane backend if you were so inclined , you could radio the attributes to the International Space Station and back or even store them in a relational database .
However , under less exciting circumstances these methods simply store the attribute as a key / value pair ( attribute name / attribute value ) in some object - specific dictionary when an attribute is set and retrieve the attribute from that dictionary when an attribute is get ( or raise an AttributeError if the dictionary does n’t have a key matching the requested attribute ’s name ) .
This is so straightforward and lovely , thanks for listening , this concludes Objects 102 .
Not .
My friends , the fecal material is accelerating rapidly towards the spinning wind generation device , let me tell you that much .
Let ’s get into trouble together by looking closely at how this works in the interpreter , asking annoying questions as we often do .
Below is a collapsed example of simple use of attributes , you can either read it in code ( the surprising bits highlighted ) or proceed to the English description of it in the next paragraph ( the surprising bits are emphasized ) .
>>> print ( object.__dict__ ) {' __ne__ ' : < slot wrapper ' __ne__ ' of ' object ' objects > , ... , ' __ge__ ' : < slot wrapper ' __ge__ ' of ' object ' objects >} >>> object.__ne__ is object.__dict__[' __ne__ ' ]
True >>> o = object ( ) >>> o.__class__ < class ' object '> >>> o.a = 1 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > AttributeError : ' object ' object has no attribute ' a ' >>> o.__dict__ Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > AttributeError : ' object ' object has no attribute ' __dict__ ' >>> class C : ... A = 1 ... >>> C.__dict__ [ ' A ' ] 1 >>> C.A 1 >>> o2 = C ( ) >>> o2.a = 1 >>> o2.__dict__ {'a ' : 1} >>> o2.__dict__ [ ' a2 ' ] = 2 >>> o2.a2 2 >>> C.__dict__ [ ' A2 ' ] = 2 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : ' dict_proxy ' object does not support item assignment >>> C.A2 = 2 >>> C.__dict__ [ ' A2 ' ] is C.A2 True >>> type( C.__dict__ ) is type ( o2.__dict__ ) False >>> type(C.__dict__ ) < class ' dict_proxy '> >>> type( o2.__dict__ ) < class ' dict ' > >>>
In English : we can see that object ( as in , the most basic built - in type which we ’ve discussed before ) has a private dictionary , and we see that stuff we access on object as an attribute is identical to what we find in object .
__dict__ .
We might have been somewhat surprised to see that instances of object ( o , in the example ) do n’t support arbitrary attribute assignment and do n’t have a __dict__ at all , though they do support some attribute access ( try o.__class__ , o.__hash__ , etc ; these do return things ) .
After that we created our own class , C , derived from object and adding an attribute A , and saw that A was accessible via C.A and C.__dict__ [ ' A ' ] just the same , as expected .
We then instantiated o2 from C , and demonstrated that as expected , attribute assignment on it indeed mutates its __dict__ and vice versa ( i.e. , mutations to its __dict__ are exposed as attributes ) .
We were then probably more surprised to learn that even though attribute assignment on the class ( C.A2 ) worked fine , our class ’ __dict__ is actually read - only .
Finally , we saw that our class ’ __dict__ is not of the same type as our object ’s __dict__ , but rather an unfamiliar beast called dict_proxy .
And if all that was n’t enough , recall the mystery from the end of Objects 101 : if plain object instances like o have no __dict__ , and C extends object without adding anything significant , why do instances of C like o2 suddenly do have a __dict__ ?
Curiouser and curiouser indeed , but worry not : all will be revealed in due time .
First , we shall look at the implementation of a type ’s __dict__ .
Looking at the definition of PyObjectType ( a zesty and highly recommended exercise ) , we see a slot called tp_dict , ready to accept a pointer to a dictionary .
All types must have this slot , and all types have a dictionary placed there when ./ Objects/typeobject.c :
PyType_Ready is called on them , either when the interpreter is first initialized ( remember Py_Initialize ?
It invokes _ Py_ReadyTypes which calls PyType_Ready on all known types ) or when the type is created dynamically by the user ( type_new calls PyType_Ready on the newborn type before returning ) .
In fact , every name you bind within a class statement will turn up in the newly created type ’s __dict__ ( see ./Objects/typeobject.c : type_new : type -> tp_dict = dict = PyDict_Copy ( dict ) ; ) .
Recall that types are objects too , so they have a type , their type is type and it has slots with functions that satisfy attribute access in a manner befitting types .
These functions use the dictionary each type has and pointed to by tp_dict to store / retrieve the attributes , that is , getting attributes on a type is directly wired to dictionary assignment for the type instance ’s private dictionary pointed to by the type ’s structure .
Reasonably similar stuff happens when attributes are set or deleted ( in the eyes of the interpreter , deletion is just a set operation of NULL value , by the way ) .
So far I hope it ’s been rather simple , and explains types ’ attribute retrieval .
Before we proceed to explain how instances ’ attribute access works , allow me to introduce an unfamiliar ( but very important ! ) term : Descriptor .
Descriptors play a special role in instances ’ attribute access , and I ’d like to provide their bare definition here for a moment to simplify things in the next paragraph .
An object is said to be a descriptor if it ’s type has one or two slots ( tp_descr_get and / or tp_descr_set ) filled with non-NULL value .
These slots are wired to the special method names __get__ , __set__ and __delete__ , when the type is defined in pure Python ( i.e. , if you create a class which has a __get__ method it will be wired to its tp_descr_get slot , and if you instantiate an object from that class , the object is a descriptor ) .
Finally , an object is said to be a data descriptor if its type has a non-NULL tp_descr_set slot ( there ’s no particularly special term for a non-data descriptor ) .
Descriptors play a special role in attribute access , as we shall soon see , I will provide further explanations and relevant links to documentation soon .
So we ’ve defined descriptors , and we know how types ’ dictionaries and attribute access work .
But most objects are n’t types , that is to say , their type is n’t type , it ’s something more mundane like int or dict or a user defined class .
All these rely on generic attribute access functions , which are either set on the type explicitly or inherited from the type ’s base when the type is created ( that ’s slot inheritance ; this was also covered in Object 101 ) .
The generic attribute - getting function ( PyObject_GenericGetAttr ) and its algorithm is like so : ( a ) search the accessed instance ’s type ’s dictionary , and then all the type ’s bases ’ dictionaries .
If a data descriptor was found , invoke it ’s tp_desr_get function and return the results .
If something else is found , set it aside ( we ’ll call it X ) .
( b )
Now search the object ’s dictionary , and if something is found , return it .
( c ) If nothing was found in the object ’s dictionary , inspect X , if one was set aside at all ; if X is a non-data descriptor , invoke it ’s tp_descr_get function and return the result , and if it ’s a plain object it returns it .
( d) Finally , if nothing was found , it raise an AttributeError exception .
So we learn that descriptors can execute code when they ’re accessed as an attribute ( so when you do foo = o.a or o.a = foo , a runs code ) .
A powerful notion , that , and it ’s used in several cases to implement some of Python ’s more ‘ magical ’ features .
Data - descriptors are even more powerful , as they take precedence over instance attributes ( if you have an object o of class C , class C has a foo data - descriptor and o has a foo instance attribute , when you do o. foo the descriptor will take precedence ) .
You can read about what are descriptors and how to implement descriptors .
The former link ( ‘ what are ’ ) is particularly recommended : while it might seem daunting at first , if you read it slowly and literally you will see it ’s actually simple and more concisely written than my drivel .
There ’s also a terrific article by Raymond Hettinger which describes descriptors in Python 2.x ; other than the disappearance of unbound methods , it ’s still very relevant to py3 k and is highly recommended .
While descriptors are really important and you ’re advised to take the time to understand them , for brevity and due to the well written resources I ’ve just mentioned I will explain them no further , other than show you how they behave in the interpreter ( super simple example ! ) :
>>> class ShoutingInteger ( int ) : ... # __get__ implements the tp_descr_get slot ... def __get__( self , instance , owner ) : ... print ( 'I was gotten from %s ( instance of %s ) ' ... % ( instance , owner ) ) ... return self ... >>> class Foo : ... Shouting42 = ShoutingInteger ( 42 ) ... >>> foo = Foo( ) >>> 100 - foo .
Shouting42
I was gotten from < __main__ .
Foo object at 0xb7583c8 c > ( instance of < class __main__.'foo ' >)
58 # Remember : descriptors are only searched on types ! >>> foo.Silent666 = ShoutingInteger ( 666 ) >>> 100 - foo.Silent666 - 566 >>>
Let ’s take a moment to note that we have completed our understanding of Python ’s Object Oriented inheritance : since attributes are searched in the object ’s type , and then in all its bases , then we now understand that accessing attribute A on object O instantiated from class C1 which inherits C2 which inherits C3 can return A either from O , C1 , C2 or C3 , depending on something called the method resolution order and described rather well here .
This way of resolving attributes , when coupled with slot inheritance , is enough to explain most of Python ’s inheritance functionality ( though , as always , the Devil is in the details ) .
We know quite a lot now , but we still do n’t know where the reference to these sneaky instance dictionaries are stored .
We ’ve seen the definition of PyObject , and it most definitely did n’t have a pointer to a dictionary , so where is the reference the object ’s dictionary stored ?
The answer is rather interesting .
If you look closely at the definition of PyTypeObject ( it ’s good clean and wholesome !
read it every day ! ) , you will see a field called tp_dictoffset .
This field provides a byte offset into the C - structure allocated for objects instantiated from this type ; at this offset , a pointer to a regular Python dictionary should be found .
Under normal circumstances , when creating a new type , the size of the memory region necessary to allocate objects of that type will be calculated , and that size will be larger than the size of vanilla PyObject .
The extra room will typically be used ( among other things ) to store the pointer to the dictionary ( all this happens in ./ Objects/typeobject.c : type_new , see may_add_dict = base -> tp_dictoffset == 0 ; onwards ) .
Using gdb , we can easily see this extra room and the object ’s private dictionary :
>>> class C : pass ... >>> o = C( ) >>> o. foo = ' bar ' >>> o < __main__ .C object at 0x846b06c > >>>
# break into GDB , see ' metablogging '->' tools ' above Program received signal SIGTRAP , Trace / breakpoint trap .
0x0012d422 in __kernel_vsyscall ( ) ( gdb ) p (( PyObject *)( 0x846b06c ) ) ->ob_type->tp_dictoffset $ 1 = 16 ( gdb ) p *(( PyObject **)((( char *)0x846b06 c ) +16 ) ) $ 3 = {u' foo ' : u'bar'} ( gdb )
We have created a new class , instantiated an object from it and set some attribute on the object ( o. foo = ' bar ' ) , broke into gdb , dereferenced the object ’s type ( C ) and checked its tp_dictoffset ( it was 16 ) , and then checked what ’s to be found at the address pointed to by the pointer located at 16 bytes ’ offset from the object ’s C - structure , and indeed we found there a dictionary object with the key foo pointing to the value bar .
Of course , if you check tp_dictoffset on a type which does n’t have a __dict__ , like object , you will find that it is zero .
You sure have a warm fuzzy feeling now , do n’t you .
What could be misleading here is how type dictionaries and the common instance dictionaries look so similar , while in fact they ’re rather differently implemented and allocated .
Several riddles remain .
Let ’s recap and see what we ’re missing : I define a class C inheriting object and doing nothing much else in Python , and then I instantiate o from that class , causing the extra memory for the dictionary pointer to be allocated at tp_dictoffset ( room is reserved from the get - go , but the dictionary itself is allocated on first use of any kind ; smart buggers ) .
I then type in my interpreter o.__dict__ , which byte - compiles to the LOAD_ATTR opcode , which causes the PyObject_GetAttr function to be called , which dereferences the type of o and finds the slot tp_getattro , which causes the default attribute searching mechanism described earlier in this post and implemented in PyObject_GenericGetAttr .
So when all that happens , what returns my object ’s dictionary ?
I know where the dictionary is stored , but I can see that __dict__ is n’t recursively inside itself , so there ’s a chicken and egg problem here ; who gives me my dictionary when I access __dict__ if it is not in my dictionary ?
Someone who has precedence over the object ’s dictionary – a descriptor .
Check this out :
>>> class C : pass ... >>> o = C( ) >>> o.__dict__ {} >>> C.__dict__ [ ' __dict__ ' ] < attribute ' __dict__ ' of ' C ' objects > >>> type(C.__dict__ [' __dict__ ' ] ) < class ' getset_descriptor '> >>>
C.__dict__['__dict__'].__get__(o , C ) {} >>> C.__dict__['__dict__'].__get__(o , C ) is o.__dict__ True >>>
Gee .
Seems like there ’s something called getset_descriptor ( it ’s in ./ Objects/typeobject.c ) , which are groups of functions implementing the descriptor protocol and meant to be attached to an object placed in type ’s __dict__ .
This descriptor will intercept all attribute access to o.__dict__ on instances of this type , and will return whatever it wants , in our case , a reference to the dictionary found at the tp_dictoffset of o .
This is also the explanation of the dict_proxy business we ’ve seen earlier .
If in tp_dict there ’s a pointer to a plain dictionary , what causes it to be returned wrapped in this read only proxy , and why ?
The __dict__ descriptor of the type ’s type type does it .
Resuming that example :
>>> type( C ) < class ' type ' > >>> type(C).__dict__[' __dict__ ' ] < attribute ' __dict__ ' of ' type ' objects > >>> type(C).__dict__['__dict__'].__get__( C , type ) < dict_proxy object at 0xb767e494 >
This descriptor is a function that wraps the dictionary in a simple object that mimics regular dictionaries ’ behaviour but only allows read only access to the dictionary it wraps .
And why is it so important to prevent people from messing with a type ’s __dict__ ?
Because a type ’s namespace might hold them specially named methods , like __sub__ .
When you create a type with these specially named methods or when you set them on the type as an attribute , the function update_one_slot will patch these methods into one of the type ’s slots , as we ’ve seen in 101 for the subtraction operation .
If you were to add these methods straight into the type ’s __dict__ , they wo n’t be wired to any slot , and you ’ll have a type that looks like it has a certain behaviour ( say , has __sub__ in its dictionary ) , but does n’t behave that way .
How sad it is that we ’re way over the dreaded attention span deadline of 2,000 words , and I still did n’t talk about __slots__ , which I really wanted to .
How about you go read about them yourself , cowboy ?
You have at your disposal everything you need to figure them out alone !
Read the aforementioned link , play with __slots__ a bit in the interpreter , maybe look at the code or research them in gdb ; have fun .
In the next post , I think we ’ll leave objects alone for a bit and talk about interpreter state and thread state .
I hope it sounds interesting , but even if it does n’t you really should read it – chicks totally dig people who know about these matters , I can certainly promise you that much .
© AgentSeta
Contrasting Several Evolutionary Hypotheses
A portrait of the Psychopath
Later Russell worked out several scenarios for handling his problems with his wife and wrote them down on a piece of paper : ' Do nothing ' ; ' File for Paternity / Conciliation Court ' ; ' Take girls w/ o Killing ' ; ' Take girls Killing 4 ' ; ' Kill Girls and Justin . '
His probation officer commentated that the list revealed , ' the mind of a man who could contemplate killing his own children with the detachment of someone considering various auto - insurance policies .
It is the laundry list of a man without a soul .
( Hare , 1993:55 )
They identify a person 's likes and dislikes , motives , needs , weak spots , and vulnerabilities .
We all have ' buttons ' that can be pushed , and psychopaths , more than most people , are always ready to push them .
Second , many psychopaths come across as having excellent oral communication skills .
In many cases , these skills are more apparent than real because of their readiness to jump right into a conversation without the social inhibitions that hamper most people .
They make use of the fact that for many people the content of the message is less important than the way it is delivered .
A confident , aggressive delivery style - often larded with jargon , cliches , and flowery phrases - makes up for the lack of substance and sincerity in their interactions with others .
This skill , coupled with the belief that they deserve whatever they can take , allows psychopaths to use effectively what they learn about a person against the person as they interact with him or her - they know what to say and how to say it to exert influence .
Third , they are masters of impression management ; their insight into the psyche of others combined with a superficial - but convinced - verbal fluency allows them to change their personas skillfully as it suits the situation and their game plan .
They are known for their ability to don many masks , change ' who they are ' depending upon the person with whom they are interacting , and make themselves appear likable to their intended victim .
Narcissistic people will find psychopaths to be solicitous of their need to get attention ; anxious people will find them to be non-threatening and reassuring ; many will find them exciting and fun to be with .
Few will suspect that they are dealing with a psychopath who is playing up to their particular personality and vulnerabilities .
In the great card game of life , psychopaths know what cards you hold , and they cheat .
It 's in their Genes
Cloninger put forth a " two threshold " polygenic model to account for both the sex difference in sociopathy and its spectral nature ( Cloninger etal .
1975 ; 1978 ) .
According to the model , sociopaths are individuals on the extreme end of a normal distribution whose genetic component is ( 1 ) polygenic and ( 2 ) to a large degree , sex limited .
( Sex - limited genes , not to be confused with sex - linked genes , are those which are located on the autosomes of both sexes but are triggered into expression only within the chemical / hormonal microenvironment of one sex or the other .
Common examples include beard and mustache growth in men , and breast and hip development in women . )
If a large number of the many genes underlying sociopathy are triggered by testosterone or some other androgen , many more men than women will pass the threshold of the required number of active genes necessary for its outward expression .
A New Subspecies ?
Works Cited
Baily , Kent .
" The Sociopath : Cheater or warrior hawk ? " Behavioral and Brain Sciences .
1995 . Vol. 18 , 542-43 .
Cleckley , Hervey .
The Mask of Sanity .
1941 . C.V. Mosby Co. Forth , A. E. , & Burke , H. C. " Psychopathy in adolescence : Assessment , violence , and developmental precursors " 1998 .
In D. J. Cooke , A. E. Forth , & R. D. Hare ( Eds. ) , Psychopathy :
Theory , research , and implications for society ( pp. 205 - 230 ) .
Dordrecht , the Netherlands : Kluwer Academic .
Frick , P. J. ( 2002 ) .
Juvenile psychopathy from a developmental perspective : Implications for construct development and use in forensic assessments .
Law & Human Behavior , 26 , 247 - 253 .
Glenn , Andrea ; Raine , Adrian ; Mednick , Sarnoff ; Venables , Peter .
" Early Temperamental and Psychophysiological Precursors of Adult
Psychopathic Personality " Journal of Abnormal Psychology .
2007 , Vol. 116 , No. 3 , 508 - 518 Hare , Robert .
Without Conscience :
The disturbing world of psychopaths among us .
1993 .
The Guilford Press , New York , NY .
Hare , Robert & Babiak , Paul .
Snakes in Suits : When Psychopath 's go to work .
2006 .
HarperCollins Books , New York , NY .
Harpending , H. and Draper , P. " Antisocial behavior and the other side of
cultural evolution . " 1988 .
In T .E. Moffitt and S.A. Mednick ( eds ) , Biological Contributions to Crime Causation .
Dordrecht : Martinus Nijhoff .
Hemphill , James F. ; Hare , Robert D. ; Wong , Stephen .
" Psychopathy and recidivism : A review . " Legal and Criminological Psychology .
Vol 3 ( Part 1 ) , Feb 1998 , 139-170 .
Kiehl , Kent ; Laurens , Kristin ; Liddle , Peter ; Bates , Alan ; Hare , Robert .
" Brain Potentials Implicate Temporal Lobe Abnormalities in Criminal Psychopaths . " 2006 .
Journal of Abnormal Psychology .
Vol. 115 , No. 3 , 443 - 453 Larsson , Henrik ; Lichtenstein , Paul ; Andershed , Henrik .
" A Genetic Factor explains most of the variation in the psychopathic personality . " 2006 .
Journal of Abnormal Psychology .
Vol 115 , No 2 , 221-230 . Lobaczewski , Andrew M. Political Ponerology : A science on the nature of evil adjusted for political purposes .
2006 .
Red Pill Press , Grand Prairie , AB , Canada .
Lynam , D. R. ( 2002 ) .
" Fledgling psychopathy : A view from personality theory . "
Law and Human Behavior , 26 , 255 - 259 .
Mealy , Linda .
" The Sociobiology of Sociopathy : An Integrated Evolutionary Model " Behavioral and Brain Sciences .
1995 . Vol. 18 , 523-99 .
MacMillan , J. & Kofoed , L. " Sociobiology and antisocial personality : an alternative perspective . "
Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , 1984 .
Vol 172 , pp701-706 .
Adrian Raine , DPhil ; Todd Lencz , PhD ; Kristen Taylor , PhD ; Joseph B. Hellige , PhD ; Susan Bihrle , PhD ; Lori Lacasse , BSc ; Mimi Lee , BSc ; Sharon Ishikawa , PhD ; Patrick Colletti , MD. " Corpus Callosum Abnormalities in Psychopathic Antisocial Individuals . " 2003 .
Archives of General Psychiatry .
60:1134-1142 Raine , Adrian & Venables , Peter .
" Antisocial Behavior : Evolution , Behavioral , Neuropsychology , and Psychophysiology . " 1992 .
In Handbook of Individual Differences : Biological Perspectives .
Edited by Anthony Gale and Michael Eysenck .
John Wiley & Sons Ltd. Sigvardsson , S. , Cloninger , R. , Bohman , R. and von Knorring , A.L. " Predisposition to petty criminality in Swedish adoptees : Sex differences and validation of the male typology . "
1982 . Archives of General Psychiatry , 39,1248-1253 .
Widom , C.P. " A methodology for studying non-institutionalised psychopaths . " 1978 .
In R.D. Hare and D. Schalling ( eds ) , Psychopathic Behaviour : Approaches to Research .
Chichester : John Wiley & Sons Viding , Essi ; Blair , James ; Moffitt , Terrie ; Plomin , Robert .
" Evidence for substantial genetic risk for psychopathy in 7 - year - olds . " 2005 .
Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry .
46:6 , pp 592 - 597 Yaling Yang , PhD ; Adrian Raine , DPhil ; Katherine L. Narr , PhD ; Patrick Colletti , MD ; Arthur W. Toga , PhD. " Localization of Deformations Within the Amygdala in Individuals With Psychopathy . " 2009 .
Archives of General Psychiatry .
66( 9 ) : 986-994
The psychopath is a unique and quite dangerous subgroup within our species .
He , or she , is capable of deadly manipulations executed with unbelievably cold , calculated intellectual and emotional maneuvers .
Charming , lacking in empathy , guilt , responsibility and the normal range of human emotion , they move among us with an often impeccable mask that makes them virtually undetectable .
There are several evolutionary hypotheses which attempt to explain their behavior , however the best fit is that they represent a cheating reproductive strategy , one geared towards the production of many offspring for which they afford no long term care .
Support for this thesis comes in a various forms .
We know that psychopaths are callous , deceptive , promiscuous , and egocentric ( Cleckley , 1941 : 337-364 ) .
They are also mostly male : almost four times as many more psychopathic men then women ( Sigvardsson , et al , 1982 ) .
This makes them ideal for mating with many women and then leaving them subsequently , once the deed is done , so to speak .
It also confers a psychological advantage in that they have the ability to manipulate women by mimicking emotional attachment , or deceiving them about resources they can offer .
The same is also true for female psychopaths , who can often create the impression of being in distress which elicits more financial and physical support from the men they mate with .
There is a genetic basis to the trait , demonstrated in many twin adoption studies ( Viding et al , 2005 & Larsson et al , 2006 : 221-30 ) .
Alternatively , Harpending and Draper ( 1988 ) proposed an anthropological hypothesis , in their study they discuss two tribes , the Kung Bushmen and the Mundurucu villagers , who fit two different ecological niches and how pro-social and antisocial behavior is a geographical adaptation .
The first group , the Kung , live in the Kalahari desert of South Africa .
It 's a harsh environment , which forces all members of the tribe to contribute to their collective survival , reliable reciprocation of altruistic acts is crucial .
The Kung form nuclear families , stable , long term relationships and thus have a strongly selective pressure on pro-social behavior .
Reproductive success is thus dependent on consistent collective altruism .
The Mundurucu , on the other hand , live in the Amazon Basin , a lush environment with plentiful food .
In their tribe , the women do most of the farming while the men compete physically and politically for social status .
They spend most of their time engaging in gossip , fighting , planning warfare , and complex rituals , occasionally hunting for meat which can be traded for sex with the women .
Here , reproductive success is dependent on the male 's ability to compete in a social hierarchy ; he needs good verbal skills , fearlessness to fight other men in physical competitions , and the ability to deceive women about the potential resources he can offer her .
This environment favors the expression of the antisocial trait , which can potentially explain the evolutionary origin of psychopathy .
Another potential hypothesis is the need for a warrior caste within a group of evolving humans .
Early competition among groups is suspected to have been high , often with groups competing for local resources and environmental niches .
Baily ( 1995 ) suggests that aggressive inter -male competition for social status , and thus access to females was very prevalent in the environment of evolutionary adaptation , favoring men who lacked humanity 's more empathic features .
While the two proposed alternatives have evidence and logic to support the reasons why there is a genetic basis to antisocial behavior in general , they fail to enumerate the evolutionary cause of psychopathy specifically .
For example , if the anthropological perspective was accurate , we would expect men in the Mudurucu tribe to more accurately represent the full spectrum of psychopathic traits .
While they do have more antisocial tendencies , they do manage to engage in long term , same sex relationships , and cooperate effectively in times of warfare .
The western male psychopath seems to take antisocial behavior to a new level , beyond that which would be successful in this particular ecological niche .
He never forms stable long term relationships , nor is able to cooperate within a group without being it 's sole dominant member .
Baily 's hypothesis tends to make more sense than the anthropological hypothesis , however there are several key points at which it fails to explain the profound psychological differences .
Humans are , by nature , social organisms .
We survive when we cooperate .
While there may have been an early need for a violent subgroup in order to compete with other groups , it would have been virtually impossible to control a psychopath or a group of psychopaths for collective benefit and defense .
This again , may have explained the genetic basis for some antisocial traits , but fails to plumb the depths and total differences between the psychopath and normal humans .
The sociobiological perspective , that psychopathy is an alternative reproductive strategy , is the only theory that explains the full manifestation of the condition .
According to this theory , psychopathy would have a genetic basis , it has variable expression , it would be found most often in males who tend to be very promiscuous , and they would have an average level of fitness .
Macmillian and Kofoed ( 1984 ) enumerated these predictions for antisocial personality traits in general , and added the condition would manifest at puberty and decline with age , and noted that the carriers tend to have low socioeconomic status .
These last two predictions correlate with sociopathy , a learned form of antisocial behavior , but fail to correlate with psychopathy .
Understanding the phenomenon requires some discussion of the condition in depth .
Serial killers , torturers , rapists , are all excellent candidates , however the phenomenon of psychopathy extends above and beyond violent criminals .
Glib and grandiose , cunning and manipulative , no ability to comprehend responsibility , empathy , guilt or love , the most dangerous psychopaths escape detection and avoid the criminal justice system their entire lives .
They are able to climb corporate ladders , acquire PhDs and MDs , law degrees or even act as religious or spiritual leaders ( Hare , 1993:102 - 23 ) , and it 's often only too late their victims realize they are being milked of money , dedication , time or other resources .
Sometimes the truth is so hard to bear that the victim 's mind circumvents its realization as a measure of self - protection ( Lobaczewski , 1998:107 ) .
They learn at a young age that they are different from the rest of us , and they quickly learn to construct a mask of normality that allows them to blend in .
This mask can be so effective as to fool professionals trained in psychology .
They can murder , torture , and rape with as much emotional concern as we carve a turkey or change a tire .
In fact , some psychopaths are quite capable of fooling lie detector tests , as they do not have the same physiological reactions that normal humans do ( Hare 1993 : 1 ) .
Every normal human being has a conscience , a part of their mind which allows them to quickly determine ' right ' from ' wrong ' .
Typically this has to deal with our ability comprehend the results of our actions and how they affect other people , in the psychopath this higher function is completely absent .
In its place is a malignant narcissism , a device that allows the individual to formulate quickly , coldly , and with complete emotional detachment ( Hare , 1993:53 ) - How can I get what I want ?
Their desires are varied ; money , sex , and power over others seem to be the most common , however some are content with a place to live , video games , and a work - free existence .
How our actions affect others , empathizing , considering , and responsibility are all higher functions of the brain which are completely absent in the psychopath .
These desires force psychopaths to focus their manipulations on other people .
The psychopath needs normal humans to do his dirty work , or to be his prey .
He needs them to produce money , or be available for sex , to be his murder victim or perhaps to defend his character when exposed .
All of their hungers require interaction with normal humans in order to be fulfilled .
The psychopath views all others as objects , to be used , discarded , or destroyed as he sees fit .
He cannot understand guilt , sadness , remorse , love , or true joy because he does not possess them .
He can mimic them in order to elicit a desired response , but he does not truly possess them as normal human beings do .
This dependency on others could be taken as evidence for frequency dependent selection .
He uses a preternatural charm as his primary weapon .
Flattery and confidence mixed with their ability to ' read ' normal humans allow them to change and adapt their personalities :
Researchers who interact with known psychopaths regularly describe them as social chameleons .
Chameleons , of course , have the capacity to assume the coloration of their environment in order to survive .
When clinging to either a leaf or a branch , they turn green or brown , using their ability to change the color of their skin to blend into their surroundings .
Thus , using nature 's protection , they can remain invisible to their enemies , yet can sneak up on unsuspecting insects that make up their diet .
They are the perfect invisible predator .
Like chameleons , psychopaths can hide who they really are and mask their true intentions from their victims for extended periods .
( Hare & Babiak , 2006:37 - 39 ) Criminal psychopaths frequently end up in jail , have higher recidivism rates , and demonstrate a vast versatility in their crimes ( Hemphill et al , 1998 : 139 ) .
Much more interesting , and often causing far more damage , are the non-criminal or white - collar psychopaths .
Robert
Hare provides many examples in Without Conscience and Snakes in Suits .
They range from lawyers , to businessmen , doctors , psychiatrists , even clergymen - any position of power which can be used to further allow the psychopath to appear credible and trustworthy .
( Hare , 1999:109 ) .
As you can see , there is no doubt that these individuals would not thrive in a tribal community , regardless of the ecological niche , nor be manageable as a warrior caste within a tribal group .
In fact , Andrew Lobaczewski demonstrates how their pathological thought processes can infect the minds of normal humans , thus transmitting their narcissism , callousness , and manipulative traits ( Lobaczewski , 2003 : 102-28 ) .
An appropriate ideology , whether religious , political or otherwise , is used as a screen to justify their actions , with an 'ends justifying the means ' mentality overriding normal human empathy and conscience .
As such , if these individuals existed in a tribal community , they would either take it over , or be excluded over time .
The difference lies in the psychological hygiene of the group , and its ability to spot pathological behavior and thought processes as such .
There are several studies which demonstrate categorically that the trait is genetically influenced .
In 2005 Essi Viding et al , completed a study on 3687 twin pairs , using the Twin- Early Development Study ( TEDS ) .
They demonstrated that the callous - unemotional ( CU ) traits of the children were under a particularly strong genetic influence .
The children were also rated on anti-social behavior ( AB ) , and for those that had a high CU value , they also exhibited a strong genetic influence for AB .
Another study was done with over a thousand twin pairs ( Larrson , et al. 2006 ) , and this study more or less demonstrated the same thing .
They used a different test , and rated the classic three dimensions of psychopathy searching for a genetic basis .
What they found was that the callous / unemotional as well as the impulsive / irresponsible / need for stimulation dimensions had a strong genetic influence .
Going further , it is also likely that criminality has a genetic basis .
Mealy ( 1995 ) reviewed multiple studies in which she demonstrates a heritability of approximately 0.60 for repeated crimes of property .
She also reviews adoptive studies that analyzed the behavior of children who had one or more ' risk factors ' ( a criminal , biological or adoptive parent ) and found that the trait ( in this case criminality ) was much more likely with one or more risk factors , and even greater when both were present .
This suggests that the criminality may have a genetic basis and an environmental trigger .
She explains Cloninger 's two - threshold model , referring to ' sociopathy ' , however in the beginning it is clear she is using the term loosely to denote the more genetic , extreme cases of antisocial behavior .
According to the two - threshold model , those females who do express the trait must have a greater overall " dose " or " genetic load " ( i.e. , they are further out towards the extreme of the normal distribution of genotypes ) than most of the males who express the trait .
This proposition has been supported by data showing that , in addition to the greater overall risk for males as opposed to females , there is also a greater risk for the offspring ( and other relatives ) of female sociopaths as compared to the offspring ( and other relatives ) of male sociopaths .
This phenomenon cannot be accounted for either by sex linkage or by the differential experiences of the sexes .
Besides providing a proximate explanation for the greater incidence of male sociopathy and crime , the two - threshold model also explains on a proximate level the finding that males are more susceptible to environmental influences than females .
Somewhat paradoxically , although a male will express sociopathy at a lower " genetic dose " than is required for expression in a female , the heritability of the trait is greater for females , meaning that the environmental component of the variance is greater for males .
The two - threshold model thus explains in a proximate sense what sociobiologists would predict .
( Mealy , 1995 : 526-7 ) The condition itself manifests in childhood ( Hare , 1993 : 155-79 ; Forth , 1998 ; Frick , 2002 ; Lynam , 2002 ; Glenn 2007 ) , and can take a variety of forms .
It is distinguished from other antisocial childhood problems by the severity and / or violence of the acts committed , as well as the inability to improve or lessen with treatment .
For such a severe trait to manifest so early in life we would suggest again , a strong genetic component .
Psychopaths have a completely different inner landscape than normal humans , there is a genetic component to their behavior , and the evidence suggests it represents an alternative breeding strategy within the human population .
The modern day human is defined by his emotional inner life , while some may have deeper emotions then others there is the potential for empathy , sadness , love , anger , and guilt within us all .
Compassion , understanding , and altruistic acts are some of our highest qualities , and again the potential for such acts is how I define a human .
Psychopaths are genetically and biologically incapable of such behaviors and emotions .
They may mimic , or create the illusion of behaving nobly , however with a little attention to detail , and careful observations their facade can easily been seen for what it is .
Repeatedly , with a cold , calculating intellect they can perform the most heinous acts of pedophilia , cannibalism , murder , rape and torture without batting an eye .
What 's worse is that their thinking , or paralogic , if accepted by a normal human mind will slowly twist the thought processes , allowing the psychopath to effectively manipulate a normal human to do his bidding .
Robert Hare and Paul Babiak demonstrate how this process works in detail in Snakes in Suits , and Andrej Lobaczewski gave a more macrosocial approach to the phenomenon in Political Ponerology .
Moreover , they have a unique biology : ranging from increased corpus callosums - which orchestrates complex interactions between the attention , arousal and emotion ( Raine , et al. 2003 ) , smaller amygdalas - long recognized as a key component in emotional processing , moral reasoning , and social interaction ( Yang , et al , 2009 ) , and fMRI scans which show a distinct failure of normal brain activation when psychopaths are charged with an emotive task ( Kiehl , et al , 2006 ) .
These few examples are but the tip of the iceberg when it comes to their biological differences from normal humans .
As such , the problem is quite evolutionary ; without an understanding of this new subspecies , their capabilities , and how they differ from us we will be 'as sheep amongst the wolves ' , ripe for the picking .
Given the political and economic scandals of the last ten years , it 's amazing that this topic has not received further attention .
It also explains how large banking conglomerates , corporations and intelligence agencies can function without a moral compass , sacrificing the lives of countless innocent people and justifying their actions with an appropriate ideological mask .
The phenomenon of psychopathy affects the lives of everyone on the planet , and we as a society require a comprehensive understanding if we are to navigate the difficult waters of the new millennium .
WASHINGTON — The Senate Republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , labored on Thursday to unite his caucus in opposition to legislation to tighten regulation of the nation ’s financial system , as Democrats expressed dismay that Republicans were threatening not only to vote against the bill but to block the start of floor debate .
The Republicans , who just weeks ago lambasted the Democrats for negotiating provisions of the health care legislation behind closed doors , adopted an opposite approach and demanded that the Democrats agree to negotiate major changes to the bill before they would consider opening the regular process of floor debate and amendments .
It is a risky strategy in a high - stakes midterm election year , with public anger at Wall Street running high .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , has said he would like to bring the bill to the floor next week .
President Obama at a meeting with Congressional leaders on Wednesday urged them to work quickly to reach a bipartisan accord .
Full text of the Court 's opinion
In Kauffman Racing Equip. , LLC v.Roberts , Slip Opinion No. 2010 - Ohio -2551 , a 4 - 2 decision released on June 10 , 2010 , the Ohio Supreme Court held that a resident of another state can be sued in Ohio for making purportedly defamatory Internet posts about an Ohio business .
The majority determined that a Knox County trial court erred when it declined to exercise personal jurisdiction over Scott Roberts , a Virginia man who has never physically entered Ohio .
Roberts was accused of posting defamatory statements on various websites about Kauffman Racing Equipment ( “ KRE ” ) , an Ohio business that sold him an allegedly defective automotive product .
“ We decline to allow a nonresident defendant to take advantage of the conveniences that modern technology affords and simultaneously be shielded from the consequences of his intentionally tortious conduct , ” concluded Justice Pfeifer .
The Court reasoned that “ jurisdictional jurisprudence must evolve alongside technological developments , ” especially when “ there is a reasonable expectation that the purposefully inflicted injury will occur in Ohio . ”
Applying long - standing law on jurisdiction and defamation , the majority indicated the issues in this case are not unique : “ People have been inflicting injury on each other from afar for a long time .
Although the Internet may have increased the quantity of these occurrences , it has not created problems that are qualitatively more difficult . ”
The Court determined that “ Roberts ’ Internet commentary reveals a blatant intent to harm KRE ’s reputation ” and noted that at least five Ohio residents contacted the company after reading the Internet posts .
Although KRE does business across the country , the Court stated “ its business reputation is centered in Ohio , because Ohio is the location of its sole base of operations . ”
Thus , the Court concluded the “ brunt of the harm ” occurred in Ohio .
Justices O’Donnell and Lanzinger dissented , contending that Roberts “ neither deliberately engaged in significant activities within Ohio nor purposefully directed his activities at an Ohio resident sufficient to establish minimum contacts and satisfy due process — regardless of his intent . ”
They also noted that Roberts posted his comments on general auto- racing websites with no specific connection to Ohio .
Of particular concern to the dissent is the potentially broad application of the Court ’s ruling : “ The majority has ostensibly provided an avenue for any affected Ohioan to sue the originator of any negative Internet post in an Ohio court when the product has been purchased in Ohio and the negative post is read by an Ohio resident . ”
The dissent asserts this “ does not comport with the due process notions of fair play and substantial justice . ”
Though the Court did not address potential First Amendment issues , the dissent expressed unease , stating that “ the practical impact of the majority ’s holding in this case is to unnecessarily chill the exercise of free speech . ”
Voyager 2 , which has been traveling through the solar system since the late ' 70s , has suffered a data formatting glitch that is preventing NASA from interpreting the content of its scientific data transmissions .
Control and diagnostic transmissions are unaffected , which should enable the engineers at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory to troubleshoot the problem , provided they 're patient — it currently takes nearly 13 hours for transmissions from Earth to catch up with the probe .
According to a statement released by the JPL , the problem first became apparent on April 22nd .
Data from the scientific transmission , which currently reports on the conditions at the very edge of the solar system , began coming through with improper formatting , making it impossible to interpret the contents .
Engineering data is still intelligible , so the JPL staff is expecting that it will be possible to figure out what 's going wrong and introduce a fix .
Serious attempts at repair were delayed by a planned roll maneuver , and only started on Friday .
With a round - trip time of over a day , however , progress will undoubtedly be slow .
According to an Associated Press report , engineers think that there 's been a fault in the memory that stores the formatted data prior to transmission .
This either corrupted its current contents , or has introduced some bad bits into the onboard memory .
It should be possible to either reset the bad memory , or program the system to stop using the errant hardware entirely .
Voyager 2 is currently the second - most distant human - made object , trailing its twin , Voyager 1 , by about 3 billion kilometers ( Voyager 1 is now 16.9 billion kilometers — about 10.5 billion miles — from Earth ) .
Right now , the probes are near the turbulent sector of space where the solar wind pushes up against interstellar space .
Both probes are expected to cross into interstellar space within the next few years , providing our first in - place observational data from outside the solar system .
They 'll also record what happens at the boundary itself — they may cross it several times , given that its precise location fluctuates with changes in solar activity .
Rabies Testing : An Introduction
If a healthcare provider strongly suspects rabies exposure , he or she will order certain tests to help either make a rabies diagnosis or rule it out .
If the animal was captured , it can also be tested .
Testing for Rabies in Humans
Rabies testing in humans involves several tests .
No single test is sufficient to diagnose rabies in humans .
Rabies tests are performed on samples of saliva , serum ( blood ) , spinal fluid , and skin biopsies of hair follicles at the nape of the neck .
Testing in Animals
Testing in animals is most frequently done using the direct fluorescent antibody ( DFA ) test .
This test requires brain tissue from animals suspected of being rabid .
The test can only be performed post - mortem ( after the animal is dead ) .
The budget woes facing U.S. states may not be as overwhelming as the troubles in Greece .
But in a new paper , Northwestern University economist Joshua Rauh says at least seven states are heading toward crushing crises — of the magnitude that would require U.S. bailouts in the next decade — from one cause : state pension liabilities .
In some state constitutions , promised pension benefits to state and local government workers take a higher priority than general obligation bonds .
Rauh , with the University of Chicago ‘s Robert Novy - Marx , previously estimated that state pension liabilities stood at $ 3 trillion at the end of 2008 compared to $ 1 trillion in other forms of debt .
Even if pension funds received 8 % annual returns , many large states would run so short — without any overhaul today — that raising state taxes to make up for it would be insufficient , he says .
Illinois , for instance , would run out of money in its three primary pension funds by 2018 .
In the years after , the payments owed to existing state workers would be $ 14 billion , or more than half of the total revenue Illinois projects in 2010 .
Other state pension funds expected to dry up by 2020 : Louisiana , New Jersey , Connecticut , Indiana , Oklahoma and Hawaii .
By 2030 , 31 states could be in similar trouble , Rauh said in a report released Wednesday .
He says the ultimate cost of a federal rescue could top $ 1 trillion .
“ This scenario could happen sooner if taxpayers flee to other states with lower taxes and higher services , if contributions are deferred or not made , or if returns are lower than expected , ” said Rauh , an associate professor of finance at Northwestern ’s Kellogg School of Management .
His prescription : Allow states to issue tax - subsidized pension funding bonds — similar to the Build America Bonds program — for the next 15 years if they agree to major reforms .
States would need to close defined - benefit pension plans and offer new hires a defined - contribution plan as well as guaranteed access to Social Security ( which only a quarter of all public workers contribute to now ) .
The net cost to the federal government , he estimates , would be about $ 75 billion .
WORLD CUP 2010 : Lingerie model Larissa Riquelme promises home strip with a difference if Paraguay lift the trophy
First Diego Maradona promised to run naked around the streets of Buenos Aires if he led Argentina to glory at the World Cup .
Now Paraguay 's most famous fan has vowed to meet the pledge if Roque Santa Cruz and Co can defy the odds and lift the trophy on July 11 .
Keep your phone safe : Larissa Riquelme cheers on her compatriots in the Paraguayan capital of Asuncion
The difference is that Paraguay 's cheerleader is lingerie model Larissa Riquelme , who has delighted photographers already this summer by joining the crowds in Asuncion to watch her country 's matches .
The 24 - year - old has been pictured celebrating with her mobile phone safely between her breasts , and has joked she would like to replace it with the World Cup .
And asked if she would match Maradona 's indecent promise , she told Globoesporte : ' Of course , but with my body painted with the colors of Paraguay . '
File Photo : Sherdog.com
Brock Lesnar
Heavyweight
Other contenders :
While we do not know exactly how Lesnar will look in his return to the cage after his bout with diverticulitis , we do know his foe .
Come July 3 , he will take on Shane Carwin to unify both halves of the UFC heavyweight mantle in what should be a blockbuster match for the promotion .
Werdum improbably seized the biggest moment of his career on June 26 .
It took the grappling star just 69 seconds to end Fedor Emelianenko ’s seven - plus - year reign over the heavyweight division .
Whether Werdum ’s next bout is a rematch against Emelianenko or former victim Alistair Overeem , his victory will remain a massive moment in MMA history .
All good things come to an end .
It was March 2003 when Emelianenko upset Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira to take MMA ’s heavyweight mantle , and 87 months later , it took Fabricio Werdum just 69 seconds to force “ The Last Emperor ” to tap and concede that top spot .
The next step for Emelianenko remains unclear , but the heavyweight landscape has definitely changed .
Whether one wants to call it a passing of the torch or a coming - out party , Velasquez ’s performance against Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira at UFC 110 was short and brutal .
In less than half a round , Velasquez destroyed one of MMA ’s most historically outstanding heavyweights in easily his most impressive performance to date .
It took almost four minutes -- an eternity by his usual standards -- but at UFC 111 in Newark , N.J. , Carwin blew off Frank Mir ’s doors in the first round to claim the UFC interim heavyweight title .
However , the real championship will be contested July 3 , when Carwin meets Brock Lesnar Mir entered his March 27 bout with Shane Carwin as a slight betting favorite .
However , he looked none the part in the cage , as Carwin bashed him with left hands in the clinch and decimated the former UFC champion to take the promotion ’s interim title .
With it , he took Mir ’s chance for a rubber match with Brock Lesnar With five stoppages in five bouts inside the Octagon , dos Santos has put himself right in the UFC heavyweight title mix .
“ Cigano ” might cinch a title shot for the latter stages of 2010 at UFC 117 on Aug. 7 , when he meets “ The Ultimate Fighter ” Season 10 winner Roy Nelson in what should be an entertaining heavyweight tilt .
The next significant bout for Overeem became obscured in just 69 seconds .
Originally thought to be the most attractive opponent for Fedor Emelianenko , the shocking defeat of “ The Last Emperor ” and his potential rematch with Fabricio Werdum leaves no clear path for Overeem . “ Minotauro ” had an army of backers who felt the former Pride and UFC heavyweight champion would put on a vintage performance against Cain Velasquez at UFC 110 .
However , post - fight discussion centered on whether or not Nogueira still has the physical tools to hang with young , elite heavyweights after Velasquez polished him off in a little more than two minutes .
Ever since he ran roughshod over heavyweights in Europe back in 2005 , onlookers expected heavyweight greatness from Silva .
On May 15 , “ Bigfoot ” finally took a step toward those expectations , soundly outboxing Andrei Arlovski to a unanimous decision and recording the most important win of his career .
The matches ( ) method checks to see if the Element would be selected by the provided selectorString -- in other words -- checks if the element " is " the selector .
Syntax
var result = element . matches ( selectorString ) ;
Parameters
selectorString is a string representing the selector to test .
Return value
result is a Boolean .
Exceptions
SYNTAX_ERR
The specified selector string is invalid .
Example
< ul id =" birds " >
< li>Orange - winged parrot </ li > < li class= " endangered " >
Philippine eagle < / li > < li >
Great white pelican </ li > </ul > < script type =" text / javascript " > var birds = document.getElementsByTagName( ' li ' ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < birds.
length ; i++) { if ( birds [ i ].matches ('.endangered ' ) ) { console.log (' The ' + birds [ i].
textContent + ' is endangered !' ) ; } } </script >
This will log " The Philippine eagle is endangered ! " to the console , since the element has indeed a class attribute with value endangered .
Polyfill
For browsers that do not support Element. matches ( ) or Element.matchesSelector( ) , but include support for document.querySelectorAll( ) , a polyfill exists :
if (!Element.prototype.matches ) { Element.prototype.matches = Element.prototype.matchesSelector || Element.prototype.mozMatchesSelector || Element.prototype.msMatchesSelector || Element.prototype.oMatchesSelector || Element.prototype.webkitMatchesSelector || function (s ) { var matches = ( this.document || this.ownerDocument).querySelectorAll(s ) , i = matches.
length ; while ( -- i >= 0 && matches.item ( i ) !== this ) {} return i > - 1 ; } ; }
However , given the practicality of supporting older browsers , the following should suffice for most ( if not all ) practical cases ( i.e. IE9 + support ) .
if (!Element.prototype.matches ) { Element.prototype.matches = Element.prototype.msMatchesSelector || Element.prototype.webkitMatchesSelector ; }
Specification
Specification Status Comment DOM
The definition of ' Element.prototype.matches ' in that specification .
Living Standard Initial definition
Browser compatibility
The compatibility table on this page is generated from structured data .
If you 'd like to contribute to the data , please check out https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data and send us a pull request .
Update compatibility data on GitHub Desktop Mobile Chrome Edge Firefox Internet Explorer Opera Safari Android webview Chrome for Android Firefox for Android Opera for Android Safari on iOS Samsung Internet matches Chrome Full support 33 Full support 33 Full support 4 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Edge Full support 15 Full support 15 Full support 12 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Full support 12 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : msMatchesSelector Firefox Full support 34 Full support 34 Full support 44 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Full support 3.6 Notes Alternate Name Notes Prior to Firefox 4 , invalid selector strings caused false to be returned instead of throwing an exception .
Notes See bug 1119718 for removal .
Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : mozMatchesSelector IE
Full support 9 Alternate Name Full support 9 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : msMatchesSelector Opera Full support 21 Full support 21 Full support 15 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector No support 11.5 — 15 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : oMatchesSelector Safari Full support 7
Full support 7 Full support 5 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector WebView Android Full support 4.4 Full support 4.4 Full support ≤ 37 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Chrome Android Full support 33 Full support 33 Full support 18 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Firefox Android Full support 34 Full support 34 Full support 44 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Full support 4 Notes Alternate Name Notes See bug 1119718 for removal .
Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : mozMatchesSelector Opera Android Full support 21 Full support 21 Full support 14 Alternate Name Alternate Name Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector No support 11.5 — 14 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : oMatchesSelector Safari iOS
Full support 8 Full support 8 Full support 4.2 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Samsung Internet Android Full support 2.0 Full support 2.0 Full support 1.0 Alternate Name Alternate Name
Uses the non-standard name : webkitMatchesSelector Legend Full support Full support
See implementation notes .
See implementation notes .
Uses a non-standard name .
Uses a non-standard name .
See also
Every year , the US issues its " Special 301 " watchlist to name and shame those countries that do n't do enough to protect intellectual property rights .
Once again , Canada is a member of the top bracket , the " Priority Watch List . "
How can Canada possibly be in the same league as Russia , China , and Indonesia when it comes to piracy ?
It 's largely because Canada has yet to ratify the 1996 WIPO Internet Treaties , which require DRM anticircumvention laws and other goodies .
" The United States urges Canada to enact legislation in the near term to update its copyright laws and address the challenge of Internet piracy , " says the new 2010 Special 301 report ( PDF ) .
" Canada should fully implement the WIPO Internet Treaties , which Canada signed in 1997 .
Canada ’s weak enforcement of intellectual property rights is also of concern , and the United States continues to encourage Canada to improve its IPR enforcement system to provide for deterrent sentences and stronger enforcement powers .
In particular , border enforcement continues to be weak .
The United States encourages Canada to provide its border officials with the authority to seize suspected infringing materials without the need for a court order . "
According to the US Trade Representative , who puts these reports together , the world 's worst offenders are China , Russia , Algeria , Argentina , Canada , Chile , India , Indonesia , Pakistan , Thailand , and Venezuela .
Rightsholders had asked that Mexico be included on the Priority Watch List , but a Mexican official showed up at a public Special 301 hearing earlier this year ( read the transcript ) and pled the country 's case .
His chief data point : ACTA .
" It is important to highlight that Mexico and Morocco are the only two countries , developing countries participating in these organizations and Mexico is the only Latin American Country , " he said , pointing out that Mexico had even hosted one of the ACTA negotiating sessions in January 2010 .
Mexico was ultimately placed on the regular " Watch List " instead , meaning that the US sees piracy as a greater problem in Canada than in Mexico .
There were a few words of praise in the report .
For instance , Sweden got a nod for " measures to improve its [ intellectual property ] regime within the past year .
As a result of such efforts , many of the Bit Torrent tracker websites and DC - hubs ( types of peer - to - peer protocols that allow users to either download files from websites containing links , or from a central hub with infringing material ) that previously operated out of Sweden have now moved elsewhere .
In their place , legal alternatives , such as Spotify , Film2Home , and Voddler have generated growing interest . "
Several groups continue to complain about how the entire Special 301 process is handled .
Speaking at the public forum earlier this year , CCIA attorney Matt Schruers said that " certain submissions in this process have suffered from a sort of mission creep growing from disputes about enforcement to disputes about what ideal , substantive technical intellectual policy would look like . "
The first four Cyrillic domains went online by May 13 : “ президент.рф ” ( Russian president 's Web site ) , “ правительство.рф ” ( Government Web site ) , “ кц.р ф ” ( Coordination center of domain registration – Russian branch of ICANN ) and “ ник.р ф ” ( National Center of Domain Registration ) .
The event that Russian officials and bloggers were waiting for finally happened !
Russia became the fourth country to introduce non-latin domains ( after Saudi Arabia , Egypt and United Arab Emirates whose domains were introduced a week earlier [ EN ] ) .
The long - awaited initiative ( GV has written about in November 2009 [ EN ] ) caused enthusiasm and skepticism , as well as revealed browser problems .
The most enthusiastic comments ( sometimes too enthusiastic ) were from the pro-government patriotic segment of RuNet .
A press-release of “ Molodaya Gvardia ” youth organization proclaimed [ RUS ] :
Свершилось! 13 мая 2010 года ( запомните этот день ! ) впервые в истории заработали сайты в кириллическом домене РФ .
Два ресурса в новой зоне открыли президент и правительство .
Россия первой в мире получила национальный государственный домен .
It has happened !
On May 13 , 2010 ( remember this day ! ) , for the first time in history , two Web sites started to work in the cyrillic domain “ .рф. ”
Two resources in the new zone started by the President and the Government .
Russia was the first in the world ( sic! – GVO ) to get the national state domain .
Aside from the ultra-patriotic comments , the interface for a Russian speaker and writer is interesting – writing the address feels way easier and user - friendly .
At the same time , for most of the domains , a site structure remained intact ( e.g. the post slugs were latin , which looks a little inconsequential ) :
Blogger Stassia tweeted [ RUS ] :
класс !
домен кириллический , а линки вглубь по - прежнему латиницей : президент.рф/news
Cool !
Domain is cyrillic , but all the deep links are still in latin : президент .рф/news
tapka - fai added his comment on “ http : // ” part of URL :
а http почему не по-русски ?
непорядок
and why http is n't in Russian ?
This is no good !
User Co0L suggested [ RUS ] that the first cyrillic domain was the test domain http://пример.испытание/ ( “ example.test ” ) .
Kryloshanin not only mocked the cyrillic domain initiative , but also analysed official statements on the topic [ RUS ] .
Some of those looked quite surprising ( and at the same time quite insightful ) .
As the head of the Coordination Center put it [ RUS ] :
Теперь можно набирать их названия в любой поисковой системе , используя сразу русский язык , а не латиницу , как это было до сих по р ”
Now a person can type in their names ( domain names – GVO ) in any system using Russian language , and not latin , how it was before .
Kryloshanin commented :
Вероятно , мы с директоро м
Координационного центра национального домена в сети Интернет до настоящего времени по -разному пользовались поисковиками ?
It looks like I and the director of the coordination center of the national domain on the Internet network were using search engines quite differently
The sarcasm was supported with the printscreen of the “ creative ” browsing :
Kryloshanin also discussed the other controversial thing that the Russian minister Shegolev stated [ RUS ] earlier .
He said that search engines could n't properly index cyrillic domains , which is n't quite true – Google shows index results for “ кц.р ф ” [ RUS ] .
At the same time , as antonblog .ru observes [ RUS ] , Yandex .ru ( Popular Russian search - engine ) still was unable to index three cyrillic domains .
Rustex was sceptical [ RUS ] but did not show any sarcasm :
Ну что же – первый шаг к разъединению интернета сделан …
Очень жаль .
Вообщем - то , второе падение Вавилонской башни .
Well – the first step towards separation of the Internet has been made …
It 's very sad .
However , it 's the second fall of the Babylon tower .
Roem.ru reported [ RUS ] problems with showing the right address in Mozilla Firefox and Safari ( the domain is represented in the following form : http://xn--j1ay.xn--p1ai/), Chrome and Internet Explorer showed the address intact .
May 2010 starts a new period in the development of the World Wide Web .
It took 19 years to evolutionize to the system that is now emerging .
The consequences of the non-latin domain names are still hard to forecast .
It 's understandable that they 're might be both negative ( destruction of the standardized information space , numerous technical problems , “ ghettoization ” or “ nationalization ” of the Web and following net restrictions / regulations of the national Internet spaces ) and positive ( emancipation of non-latin alphabet systems , user - friendlyness , possible implications for elimination of digital divide ) .
However , the real question remains open : how influential this change is ?
Will multi-alphabetical web revolutionalize the world or be used just for national self - consciousness ?
BOSTON -- Federal dollars being pumped into grant programs to spur students to enter IT careers in the health care industry should help to create between 45,000 and 50,000 jobs over the next five years , a top federal health official said on Thursday .
Speaking at the Health Information Technology ( HIT ) Conference here , Dr. David Blumenthal , National Coordinator for Health Information Technology , said a portion of $ 2 billion in discretionary spending under Office of the National Coordinator ( ONC ) is being targeted at education and training for electronic health record implementation .
A large part of the training is for people to staff 60 regional extension centers , which are public , private partnerships that will assist rural hospitals and physician practices with 10 or fewer doctors in rolling out electronic medical records ( EMRs ) and supporting technology .
" There 's a shortage of workers who can staff these regional extension centers and provide the kind of support physicians and hospitals need to become meaningful users " [ of EMRs ] , Blumenthal said .
Without specifying an amount , Blumenthal said the ONC has already handed out funding to 70 community colleges or other universities to create programs for workforce training for health information technology .
The HIT conference , hosted by the Massachusetts Health Data Consortium , focused not only how to create jobs in health information technology , but how that technology can reduce health costs while improving quality of care .
The ONC has released a 556 - page draft rule that contains specifications and certification criteria for EMRs .
Those rules , now available for public comment , set a four - year timeline beginning in 2011 for implementing the systems ; they also spell out best practices .
A final version of the government 's Notice of Proposed Rule Making helps define what type of technology should be used and spells out how $ 36 billion in incentives from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 should be paid out .
A physician in private practice can receive up to $ 44,000 for rolling out EMRs and showing " meaningful use " of that technology .
Hospitals could potentially received millions of dollars in reimbursement .
Physicians and hospitals that do n't roll out the EMR technology and prove that they are making " meaningful use " of it by 2015 face penalties in the form of reduced Medicare reimbursements .
Blumenthal also said an advisory committee he formed to investigate reports from members of Congress and the press that EHRs had cause some " adverse events and patient injuries " reported back to him about three weeks ago .
He said the committee recommended collecting more information and that the ONC further study safety problems associated with EHRs , " and make sure we proceed thoughtfully and carefully . "
Blumenthal said nothing the committee found had given it any pause as to the trust that the government , including Congress , had in the ONC 's policies surrounding the rollout of EHRs .
" There was no question that the introduction of electronic health systems improve patient safety .
The issue was how do we introduce those systems in ways that are as safe as possible , " Blumenthal said .
The ranking member of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee has asked 31 hospitals and health - care systems to provide feedback on problems with computer systems associated with the government 's efforts to incent the rollout of EHRs .
The government has uncovered prescription errors related to EHR systems that have been rolled out in private - sector hospitals .
Sen. Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , sent a letter in January to some of the nation 's largest health care facilities asking for any information on " issues or concerns that have been raised by your health care providers " over the past two years .
looked at Germany 's attitude to Greece from a nationalist / tactical perspective , and promptly got slapped down by dsquared : " Congratulations , " he wrote , " you ’ve proved the impossibility of not only the 2004 and 2007 accessions , but also of the Common Agricultural Policy . " " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
On Monday , I looked at Germany ’s attitude to Greece from a nationalist / tactical perspective , and promptly got slapped down by dsquared : “ Congratulations , ” he wrote , “ you ’ve proved the impossibility of not only the 2004 and 2007 accessions , but also of the Common Agricultural Policy . ”
But the fact is that the Europe which grew in 2004 and 2007 , and the Europe which came together to create the CAP , now looks as though it is falling apart .
Philip Stephens has an essay in today ’s FT which diagnoses this well , and which captures the sudden shift that we ’ve seen of late , from the “ reassuringly ineluctable ” EU of a couple of years ago to something much more precarious today :
Europe no longer carries the stamp of inevitability .
Quite suddenly , it has become almost as easy to foresee a future in which the Union fractures …
Germany relishes instead the chance to become a “ normal ” country , separating what it sees as its national from the European interest .
Helmut Kohl ’s historical insights are forgotten in the insistence that German taxpayers should not be asked to remain the continent ’s paymaster .
So too are Berlin ’s long - term interests in European - wide political stability and in open markets for its exports .
France struggles with the dynamics of a Union in which more Europe no longer necessarily means more France .
Nicolas Sarkozy ’s admirable energy is unconnected to strategic purpose .
Britain , as ever , stands half on the sidelines .
Italy , led by Silvio Berlusconi , has removed itself from influence .
There have been moments of stasis before .
But the rules have changed .
The fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of communism have turned an enterprise of necessity into one of choice .
If the Union falls into disrepair everyone will still be the loser ; but the threat no longer seems an existential one …
The response of Europe ’s politicians has been to sacrifice the strategic to the tactical .
Stephens diagnoses this as a failure of leadership , and narrowly he ’s right ; certainly it ’s impossible to imagine today ’s European heads of state making the collective decision to adopt the euro .
But Paul Krugman takes the opposite tack : the failure of leadership , he says , was encapsulated in the decision to adopt the euro in the first place .
The deficit hawks are already trying to appropriate the European crisis , presenting it as an object lesson in the evils of government red ink .
What the crisis really demonstrates , however , is the dangers of putting yourself in a policy straitjacket .
When they joined the euro , the governments of Greece , Portugal and Spain denied themselves the ability to do some bad things , like printing too much money ; but they also denied themselves the ability to respond flexibly to events .
And when crisis strikes , governments need to be able to act .
That ’s what the architects of the euro forgot — and the rest of us need to remember .
I ’m probably closer to Stephens than to Krugman on this one , but it ’s true that the architects of the euro assumed that it would foster political unity , in much the same way as some couples think that having a baby will help to save their marriage .
Certainly the stakes were raised , but if Germany and Greece never really got on very well in the first place , it was with hindsight far too optimistic to assume that joining together in monetary matrimony would suddenly make them sovereign soul - mates .
When they were just cohabiting in the EU , their differences were manageable .
But now they ’ve had the euro together , that ’s not true any more .
Soichi Noguchi , a Japanese astronaut currently staying on the International Space Station , first began using the twitpic service when Nasa introduced a new way for crew - members to access the web from space .
Previously , astronauts had been using services such as Twitter by emailing messages to mission control and then having somebody repost them to the site manually .
The parents of a Abby Sunderland , already under fire for allowing their daughter to attempt a round - the - world , record - setting solo sail , are being stung by more criticism for reportedly signing a reality TV deal .
Ms. Sunderland set sail last January from Marina del Rey , Calif. , but got stranded in the Indian Ocean last week after storms smashed the mast of her sailboat , Wild Eyes , immobilizing it and knocking out communications .
She has since been rescued and is on her way to an island off Madagascar .
The near - disaster triggered a frantic international rescue effort .
Now her father , Laurence Sunderland , has revealed that before his daughter 's voyage he signed a contract with Magnetic Entertainment of Studio City , California , for a reality TV show to be called “ Adventures in Sunderland . ”
He told reporters Monday that the deal was off , citing disagreement with the show 's producer over its direction , but a description of the show remained on Magnetic Entertainment 's website Monday afternoon :
“ We follow the family in their day - to - day lives as shipbuilder Laurence Sunderland and mother / teacher Marianne try to balance work and family .
Their philosophy on building strong well rounded adults is to mentor their seven home schooled children into setting goals , creating a plan to reach those goals , and implementing them . ”
The reality TV plan drew immediate criticism from family and child development experts , who raised exploitation concerns .
“ Parental greed has now trumped whatever Abby Sunderland ’s individual goals were in being the youngest to solo circumnavigate the globe , ” says Carleton Kendrick , a family therapist and author based in the Boston area .
“ What may have been driven by ...
Abby 's individual need to garner this prized place in sailing history … has now turned into [ Mr. Sunderland ] feeding his daughter into the ugly , dark moneymaking machinery of family reality TV , ” says Mr. Kendrick .
What started out positive – an example to help get other teenagers outside and off the couch – turned out very differently , says Dr. Ben Agger of the University of Texas , Arlington 's sociology department .
“ Testing of limits is a good motivation and I like the idea of being encouraged to take risks , ” Mr. Agger says .
“ But when I find out some of these are thinly - veiled attempts by parents to beef up their kids ’ eventual college applications – and now this TV deal which reveals even deeper motivations to economically exploit children – I can put no other face on this than to call it pathetic . ”
This episode reflects the phenomenon that philosopher Christopher Lasch warned about back in the 1970s , Agger says : America ’s developing “ culture of narcissism . "
“ When you see this kind of hubris and arrogance mixed with the profit motive , it ’s hard to avoid piling on , " he says .
Reality TV has drawn its share of the criticism since bursting onto the media landscape in the 90s .
But more recent shows , including TLC's Jon & Kate Plus 8 , have upped the ante .
“ It is a sad reflection on the media industry that programmers will stoop so low as to exploit kids for profit , " says Jeff McCall , a professor media studies at Depauw University .
" I am saddened that major networks have so little moral compass , ” he says .
“ Audiences must reject this kind of programming by not watching it , thus hoping that producers will get the message , ” says Mr. McCall .
“ Media consumers should also contact advertisers who support these programs to express their displeasure . ”
But Dave Czesniuk , director of operations at the Center for the Study of Sports in Society at Northeastern University , says that everyone should not be so quick to pile on .
The show was " a chance to see what the challenges of sailing are doing to the family and to Abby , ” he says .
“ She is obviously not a typical 16 - year - old and this [ may have given ] clues to whether her goals represent inspiration , enlightenment , or overreaching .
It might hint at the cost to normalcy that this sailing project represents , ” he adds .
The young Sunderland has been blogging from her rescue boat , and says she plans to write a book chronicling her journey .
Related :
From CreationWiki , the encyclopedia of creation science
Worldwide laws on homosexuality
Homosexuality is sexual attraction and activity between members of the same gender .
Christians , Jews and Muslims almost universally view homosexual behavior as immoral or a sin .
The issue of whether same - sex couples should be permitted to marry legally and therein afforded the same social benefits and protections has become a political focal point .
Morality
Views on the morality of homosexuality :
Homosexuality as fundamentally immoral : The Christian belief that God forbids homosexuality , and that homosexual activity violates
His laws ;
Homosexuality as tragic perversion : the belief that homosexuality is a perversion of the human identity and soul , so that it ought to inspire neither hatred nor acceptance , but pity ;
Homosexuality as a disease : a common stance , implying that it is not a choice but rather an inborn " mutation " ;
Homosexuality as equally valid alternative : the belief that homosexuality is simply another perfectly natural sexual orientation to which certain individuals are predisposed often without possibility of choice ;
Homosexuality as superior to heterosexuality : the belief that homosexuality is the truest expression of human sexuality , and that heterosexuality is inferior ;
Teleology
Creationists believe that the human body and the cosmos generally were designed for a specified purpose .
This view is known as teleology .
Along these lines , the majority of creationists believe that the male and female sex organs were designed for each other , and not designed for the same sex .
They draw this conclusion from the fact that the male and female sex organs are anatomically compatible , and delicately engineered for the purpose of procreation .
They further conclude that the male and female sex organs were not designed to interact with their own kind , because they are not biologically compatible , so that homosexuals are forced to resort to many painful and dangerous activities to avoid the fact that their bodies were not designed for homosexuality .
In addition , there is a host of diseases which are associated with homosexuality .
Thus , many creationists conclude that homosexual activity is a misuse and abuse of sex organs , and a failure to use them as they were designed to be used .
Those holding more liberal views about homosexuality generally either see the purpose of the sex organs as being for pleasure ( and thus homosexuality is compatible with their purpose because it is pleasurable ) , or that the sex organs have no " engineered purpose , " and thus can be legitimately be used by an individual in any way he pleases .
Thus , much of the difference of opinion stems from one 's views on creationism .
If one believes that the sex organs were designed for a heterosexual purpose , then homosexuality is clearly a misuse of the organs .
If , on the other hand , the sex organs were not designed for a heterosexual purpose , then homosexuality is not a misuse of the organs .
The Bible on Homosexuality
If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman , both of them have done what is detestable .
They must be put to death ; their blood will be on their own heads .
Leviticus 20:13
Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God ?
Do not be deceived : Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor male prostitutes nor homosexual offenders .
1 Corinthians 6:9
For although they knew God , they neither glorified him as God nor gave thanks to him , but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened .
Although they claimed to be wise , they became fools and exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images made to look like mortal man and birds and animals and reptiles .
Therefore God gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another .
They exchanged the truth of God for a lie , and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator — who is forever praised .
Amen .
Because of this , God gave them over to shameful lusts .
Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones .
In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another .
Men committed indecent acts with other men , and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion .
Romans 1:21 - 27
Behavioral studies
An article in the Washington Times stated the following :
“ In " The Male Couple , " published in 1984 , authors David P. McWhirter and Andrew M. Mattison report that in a study of 156 males in homosexual relationships lasting anywhere from one to 37 years , all couples with relationships more than five years had incorporated some provision for outside sexual activity . [ 1 ] ”
A study of the sexual profiles of 2,583 older homosexuals , published in the Journal of Sex Research , found that 2.7 percent claimed to have had sex with one partner only .
Equal rights advocates argue that promiscuity , in the extent that it is found , is not innate to homosexuality but rather promoted by the lack of marriage and other social standards that help extend relationships for heterosexual couples .
Many people have reported leaving homosexuality and becoming heterosexual through their Christian faith . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
However , the vast majority of homosexuals and modern psychology question the true success of reported conversions , and question the purported need to attempt conversion . [ 6 ]
Cause
The following have been proposed as causes of homosexuality :
Genetics
Some assert that a gene triggers homosexuality .
This view has several problems .
First , the gene has not been identified , so this view is not science , but mere speculation .
Secondly , statistical studies give strong evidence that homosexuality is not caused by genetics , but is influenced by environment .
For example , research has shown that adoptive brothers are more likely to both be homosexuals than the biological brothers , who share half their genes .
In the journal Science it is reported that :
“ this ... suggests that there is no genetic component , but rather an environmental component shared in families " ( Science , Vol. 262 , page 2063 , December 24 , 1993 ) . [ 7 ] ”
Finally , even if there were a genetic causation to the behavior , that would not still not make it acceptable .
We all have the predisposition to sin .
Being genetically predisposed to a certain attribute does not make the attribute any less harmful .
The real issue is not whether it is genetic , but whether it is harmful .
Epigenetics
Environmental influences
Many hold the view that early childhood experiences predispose people to homosexuality .
From a very young age , a child 's experiences gained from the environment allow a predisposition for homosexual practice .
Very few would deny this is at least a contributor .
The Bible states , " Raise a child in the ways of the Lord and he will not depart from it " Proverbs 22:6 ( NKJV ) .
In short , parents play an important role in influencing their children 's choices .
However , despite the effect of parents on their children , children are still responsible for their own actions .
The environmental aspect triggers social behaviors within society that could in part be the origin of what scientists call , the homosexuality gene .
The fact that a child is socialized to be homosexual does not make the behavior any less tragic than a child that is socialized to be a sociopath .
Choice
Most people of faith believe that homosexuality is a choice .
Many recovering homosexuals describe their homosexuality as being caused by a combination of socialization and choice , and that their return to a healthy , heterosexual lifestyle was also the result of choice , self - discipline , and faith .
Disease
Several studies have reported an increased risk of acquiring a communicable disease from homosexual sex than with heterosexual sex .
However , all sexual transmitted diseases effecting homosexuals also effect heterosexuals . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
AIDS
As of 1998 , 54 % of all AIDS cases in the United States were homosexual men and the Center for Disease Control stated that nearly 90 percent of these men ( 48 % of new cases ) acquired HIV through sexual activity with other men . [ 12 ]
In Western nations , HIV is overrepresented in homosexuals , however worldwide , the vast majority of HIV cases are among heterosexuals . [ 13 ]
Intestinal Parasites
An article in the Canadian Medical Association Journal stated the following in its abstract ;
“ In a controlled study 67.5 % of 200 homosexual men but only 16 % of 100 heterosexual men were found to be infected with intestinal parasites . [ 14 ] ”
These findings suggest that the male homosexual community may be an important reservoir of potentially pathogenic protozoa .
If left untreated , these parasites can cause an increased occurrences of stomach flu or liver problems .
Syphilis
According to the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) :
“ While surveillance data are not available by risk behavior , a separate CDC analysis suggests that approximately 64 percent of all adult P&S syphilis cases in 2004 were among men who have sex with men , up from an estimated 5 percent in 1999 .... Syphilis increases , especially among men who have sex with men , demonstrate the need to continually adapt our strategies to eliminate syphilis in the United States , ” said Dr. Ronald O. Valdiserri , acting director of CDC ’s HIV , STD and TB prevention programs . [ 15 ] ”
Gonorrhea
The CDC had the following to report concerning gonorrhea :
“ CDC conducted sentinel surveillance in 28 cities and found the proportion of cases resistant to fluoroquinolone antibiotics ( a first - line treatment for gonorrhea ) increased from 4.1 percent in 2003 to 6.8 percent in 2004 .
Resistance is especially worrisome in men who have sex with men , where it was eight times higher than among heterosexuals ( 23.8 percent vs. 2.9 percent ) .
In April 2004 , CDC recommended that fluoroquinolones no longer be used as treatment for gonorrhea among men who have sex with men .
These antibiotics were also not recommended to treat the disease in anyone in California or Hawaii , where resistance has been widespread for years .
Outside of these states , the prevalence of fluoroquinolone resistance among heterosexuals remains low at 1.3 percent . [ 15 ] ”
Mental Health
Recent studies indicate that homosexuals have a substantially greater risk of suffering from a psychiatric problems ( suicide , depression , bulimia , antisocial personality disorder , and substance abuse ) .
However , research has only proven correllation , not causation .
Many studies caution that social stigma may be to blame for such psychiatric problems . [ 16 ]
Also , a national survey of lesbians was published in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology which found that 75 percent of the approximate 2,000 respondents had pursued psychological counseling of some type , many for treatment of long - term depression or sadness .
Laws
Hate crimes
In recent years hate crimes laws have become a threat to Christians who would denounce homosexuality as immoral behavior .
In 1996 , Wisconsin resident David Ott was charged with a hate crime after he attempted to share with a homosexual how God delivered him from the lifestyle .
Ott escaped a jail sentence only at great personal cost , $ 7,000 dollars in legal fees and sensitivity training conducted by two lesbians .
In 2004 , Swedish authorities arrested and charged Ake Green , a pastor , with a hate crime .
He faced a month - long sentence for the so - called " crime " of preaching a sermon based on Romans 1 , which condemns homosexuality .
In October 2004 , 11 Christians were arrested , charged with a hate crime , and spent a night in jail for preaching at a homosexual pride event in Philadelphia .
The “ Philadelphia 11 ” ultimately faced up to 47 years behind bars and $ 90,000 in fines . [ 17 ]
Marriage
References
See Also
In JavaScript , functions are variables which means they can be created and replaced at run time .
Thanks to the pioneering efforts of Richard Cornford ( Russian Doll Pattern , 2004 ) , Peter Michaux ( Lazy Function Definition pattern , 2007 ) Oliver Steele ( One- Line Memoization , 2006 ) there are nifty techniques that exploit this capability .
First , a very simple example to illustrate the principle :-
var pushTheRedButton = function ( ) { //reassign a new function to the variable pushTheRedButton pushTheRedButton = function ( ) { // this line gets called on all subsequent visits </ span > alert ( " Now look what you 've done ! " ) ; } // this line only gets called on the first visit < / span > alert ( " Do n't ever push this button again ! " ) ; } pushTheRedButton ( ) ; //" Do n't ever push this button again ! " pushTheRedButton ( ) ; //" Now look what you 've done ! "
I ’ve conjured up a bunch of real life examples and organized them into three pattern types
1. Temporal – Functions that get modified based on passage of time or number of iterations .
Consider an application that calls a lengthy process when asked to shutdown .
Sometimes the user will get impatient or uncertain and hit the button again before shutdown is complete .
We could disable the button , but that ’s not necessarily re-assuring to the user who does n’t know what ’s going on .
Instead we can do this :-
system.shutdown = function ( ) { system .
shutdown = function ( ) { alert ( " do n't worry - we 're already processing your shutdown request " ) ; } lengthyShutdownProcess ( ) ; } system.shutdown ( ) ; system.shutdown ( ) ; //" do n't worry - we 're already processing your shutdown request "
This works great for shutdown because when the app is re-started the default shutdown function gets reloaded .
But what if the lengthy process is a non-terminal one , such as a download ?
Subsequent downloads would simply display the “ still downloading ” message , which is wrong .
We can fix this by defining the default download function in the object prototype and redefining the modified function at the instance level where it can be deleted by a callback when the download is finished : -
System.prototype.download = function ( file ) { this .download = function ( ) { alert ( " still downloading " ) ; } requestDownload ( file , { callback : function ( ) { delete this .
download ; } } ) ; }
Sometimes subsequent iterations of a function require more subtle modifications .
The following is a URL object , designed to take components in object form and return the complete URL string on request .
One problem is the query Params portion of the string – the prefix for the first param pair needs to be a ‘?’ but for subsequent parameters pairs it must be a ‘ &’ .
The entire URL object is quite long but I wanted to include it so others can run it .
I ’ve highlighted the lines where I ’ve applied the function replacement pattern ( note : this example uses the curry function which I introduced in a previous post ) :-
var URL = function ( protocol , domain , queryParams ) { this .
protocol = protocol ; this .domain = domain ; this.queryParams = queryParams || {} ; } URL.prototype.paramsToString = function ( ) { var stringArray = [ ] ; for ( var prop in this.queryParams ) { stringArray.push ( this.printParam( prop ) ) ; } delete this .
printParam ;// reset so prototype version used on first pass of next call return stringArray . join ( '' ) ; } URL.prototype.addParam = function ( name , value ) { this.queryParams [ name ] = value ; } URL.prototype.printParam = function ( param ) { var query Params = this .queryParams ; var printAssignment = function ( delimiter , prop ) { return escape ( delimiter + prop + " = " + queryParams [ prop ] ) ; } this.printParam = printAssignment.curry ('&' ) ; // define new function on instance that will be used on next pass return printAssignment.curry ( ' ? ' ) ( param ) ; //used on this pass only } URL.prototype.toString = function ( ) { return this .
protocol + " :// " + this.domain + this.paramsToString ( ) ; } var googleURL = new URL ( ' http ' , 'news .
google.com ', {q : ' earthquake ' , ' geo ' :' California'} ) ; googleURL.toString ( ) ; //" http://news.google.com?q=earthquake&geo=California "</span> googleURL.addParam(' as_nsrc' , ' New York Times ' ) ; googleURL.toString ( ) ; //" http://news.google.com?q=earthquake&geo=California&as_nsrc=New%20York%20Times "</ span>
I ’ll be the first to admit this is probably overkill .
It would be perfectly fine to employ a ternary on the iteration index instead .
However I think the use - case it illustrates is of value , and the solution offered may be of use to readers encountering similar problems .
Let me know if you come up with a better example .
2. Conditional – functions discard conditional logic that will never apply to them
The inner text of a DOM element can be retrieved in one of two ways according to browser type .
var myText = myDiv.innerText ; //IE , chrome , safari</ span > var myText = myDiv.textContent ; // firefox , chrome , safari</ span >
Since the user can not switch browser without reloading the entire JavaScript library , it is safe to reassign the function to a more limited implementation based on the known browser capabilities .
var getMyText = function ( myDiv ) { getMyText = myDiv.innerText !== undefined ? function ( myDiv ) {return myDiv.innerText} : function ( myDiv ) {return myDiv.textContent} ; return getMyText ( myDiv ) ; }
This eliminates the need for condition checking every time the function is called .
The return statement on the last line will only be invoked on the first pass .
In the above examples the savings are relatively small because the conditional test has a tiny footprint .
But such tests are often expensive and multipart ( if..else…else…else ) .
Moreover , variables ( including potentially bulky anonymous functions ) declared in the original function are freed up for garbage collecting providing you ’re careful not to reference them in the replacement function .
Finally , removing unnecessary logic at runtime can improve the debugging experience .
3. Economical – functions that “ rewrite ” themselves to avoid repeating expensive processes .
Here is a Person object which includes a method to return the Person ’s zodiac sign .
This calculation is non trivial ( ok , pretend it is please ) so after the first pass we define a new method at the instance level which simply returns the result which we ’ve locked into the function by closure .
By the way please go easy on my zodiacLookup object , yes it takes no account of timezone or place of birth .
Those millisecond calcs were tricky enough as it was 😉
var zodiacLookup = { 1584000000 : " Capricorn " , 4262400000 : " Aquarius " , 6850800000 : " Pisces " , 9442800000 : " Aries " , 12121200000 : " Taurus " , 14799600000 : " Gemini " , 17564400000 : " Cancer " , 20242800000 : " Leo " , 22921200000 : " Virgo " , 25513200000 : " Libra " , 28108800000 : " Scorpio " , 30700800000 : " Sagittarius " , 31564800000 : " Capricorn " } var Person = function ( name , dateOfBirth ) { this .
name = name ; this.dateOfBirth = dateOfBirth ; } Person.prototype.getSign = function ( ) { var testDate = new Date ( ) ; testDate.setTime(this.dateOfBirth.getTime ( ) ) ; testDate.setYear ( " 1970 " ) ; var dateInMs = + testDate ; for ( var prop in zodiacLookup ) { if ( dateInMs < prop ) { var sign = zodiacLookup [ prop ] ; this .getSign = function ( ) { return sign + " ( the easy way ) " ; } ; return sign + " ( the hard way ) " ; } } } var bob = new Person ( " Bob " , new Date ( " August 5 , 1970 " ) ) ; bob.getSign( new Date ( ) ) ; // Leo ( the hard way ) bob.getSign( new Date ( ) ) ; // Leo ( the easy way )
This is a more elegant and lightweight alternative to the more familiar memoization pattern … .
if ( sign != null ) { return /* do complex stuff */; } else { return sign ; }
Col .
Douglas MacGregor appeared on Judge Napolitano ’s Freedom
Watch show over the weekend .
Judge Napolitano asked him if we should be spending a trillion dollars to import democracy to the Muslim world :
“ Absolutely not , it ’s a hopeless endeavor .
This is a bottomless pit for our resources .
Nothing good is going to come from it . ”
Watch the video :
There is also a new ICM poll tonight , carried out for the Sunday Telegraph .
The topline figures , with changes from ICM ’s poll a week ago , are CON 41 %( +2 ) , LAB 35 % ( +4 ) , LDEM 16 % ( - 5 ) .
The figures are pretty much in line with those from YouGov tonight , with the Liberal Democrats pushed down into the mid teens while both the Conservatives and Labour are considerably up on their general election support .
The full tables do n’t seem to be available yet , but the Sunday Telegraph report suggests similar findings to YouGov when it comes to the budget .
47 % thought the budget would improve the economy , compared to 19 % expecting it to make things worse .
Once again , almost all the measures of the budget recieved majority support with the exception of the VAT rise , which ICM found 60 % of people opposed ( including 55 % of remaining Liberal Democrat voters ) .
52 % of people thought the cuts were necessary , 43 % thought that it was tougher than necessary and the government were “ using it as an excuse to introduce measures it had always wanted to ” .
And the original meme was brought kicking and screaming into the world by a b3tan , kittywaste , hurrah !
Akonadi Plasma Calendar
I think KDE SC 4.x is becoming better and better .
It has reached the point where I do n’t even want to think about going back .
Still there are missing bits and pieces every once in a while .
At our last Fellowship of the Ring FSFE meetup here in Stuttgart , we had a nice talk … and Björn mentioned that he had almost gotten used to using KDE on his work machine 😀
Of course that made me happy for the rest of the evening .
Happy enough to think about his one complaint that he had :
The calendar of the Plasma panel does not show calendar events ( incidences in Akonadi - speak as I learned ) from the KOrganizer calendar .
Now I realized that I have a working Akonadi Calendar in my current KDE SC 4.4 release .
Putting one and one together this meant creating a Data Engine that provides the calendar events to all of plasma .
How hard could that be ?
Akonadi is where all the PIM data is stored .
Since I had done some Plasma stuff before but never looked at Akonadi before , I poked here first .
With the help of Thomas McGuire I had a first prototype application running after one afternoon of asking questions .
The next afternoon ( this is how I spent my Easter Sunday and Monday : D ) was a round of kicking at Plasma DataEngines .
After putting this first round of hacking into playground I got comments from Aaron and Stephen , both made my code much easier and cleaner .
Today I sat down for an hour of cleanup and I think the current state in KDE SVN playground is quite good .
Akonadi is a pleasure to use ( knowing a bit about Qt ’s Model / View classes helps if you intend to get up and running quickly though ) .
To start getting data out of Akonadi your best bet is probably to start with an ETM …
EntityTreeModel – which provides you all you ever wanted ( and more ) of the PIM storage .
Add some of the nice ready made Proxy Models onto it and you should be good to go .
In fact I ’m tempted to put more of this into other places 🙂
For Plasma what I learned : Subclassing DataContainer for DataEngines of a certain complexity is a great thing to do .
This takes the burden of keeping track of the source requests off of you , simply create on container when a request comes in , it will get removed by Plasma when no longer needed .
Aaron sat down to make the actual Plasma Calendar use the improved DataEngine .
It ’s almost there , I bet he ’ll update you with screenshots soonish … since I ’ll miss out on them today .
Now all that is left is waiting for a yummy KDE SC 4.5 😀
Fatty deposits in arteries iincrease the risk of stroke and heart disease Three diets - Mediterranean , low - fat and low - carbohydrate - are equally effective in helping reverse blocked arteries , say Israeli researchers .
The study of 140 people , reported in the journal Circulation , found diet could reduce the fatty build up in arteries .
The Ben-Gurion University team found that by the end of the two - year study , the arterial wall had been cut by 5 % .
Experts said the study was interesting , but diet was not a " magic bullet " .
Atherosclerosis is a progressive condition in which the arteries thicken with fatty deposits , increasing the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
It was very interesting to see that these very different diets had a similar effect
Iris Shai , study author
The authors of this Israeli study , which was carried out in collaboration with researchers in the US , Canada and Germany , set out to see if this natural part of ageing can be reversed through diet .
Volunteers followed one of three diets - a low - fat diet , a low - carbohydrate diet or a Mediterranean diet , which is based on eating lots of fruit and vegetables , and using olive oil as the main source of fat .
They were asked to stick to the diet for two years , and record what they ate in food diaries .
The study was carried out among overweight volunteers , mostly men , who were aged 40 to 65 .
Using three - dimensional imaging , the researchers measured the volume of the wall of the carotid artery , the large artery in the neck which takes blood up to the brain .
This was done at the start of the study and again after two years .
Clogged arteries Lead researcher Iris Shai said : " It was very interesting to see that these very different diets had a similar effect .
" Some people suggest that low - carbohydrate diets are more likely to clog arteries , but we did not see that . "
The research paper suggested the link could be related to falling blood pressure caused by the change in diet .
This study shows you can do something to reduce plaque build - up , even without pills
Dr Charles Knight , British Cardiovascular Society
The findings were welcomed by UK experts .
Dr Charles Knight , secretary of the British Cardiovascular Society and a consultant cardiologist , said although the study was " relatively small " and was not able to follow through to find out how many people eventually had heart attacks or strokes , the results were nevertheless " very interesting " .
He pointed out that the study adds weight to the growing body of research that suggests that atherosclerosis is a modifiable disease .
Ten to 15 years ago , it was thought that fatty build - up in the arteries was irreversible , but since then drugs trials have shown that it is possible for fatty deposits to be cut .
" This study shows you can do something to reduce plaque build - up , even without pills , " Dr Knight said .
" It sends an effective message from a public health perspective . "
However , he warned that the scale of reduction in the volume of artery walls was relatively small and that changing diet , although helpful , was " no magic bullet " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mammoths had more than woolly coats to protect them from the frigid conditions of their sub - zero stomping grounds , scientists have discovered .
The extinct beasts had a form of antifreeze blood that kept their bodies supplied with oxygen in the sub - zero temperatures , according to a study of DNA extracted from 43,000 - year - old mammoth remains .
A genetic adaptation in the woolly mammoths ' haemoglobin – the molecular cage that carries oxygen in the blood – allowed them to thrive at high latitudes without losing much heat .
Ancestors of the woolly mammoth originated in equatorial Africa about seven million years ago , but populations migrated north more than one million years ago , in a period of Earth 's history when climate change caused temperatures to plummet .
Unlike modern elephants , which have evolved large ears and other characteristics to keep cool in excessive heat , ancestral mammoths survived by evolving ways of saving heat , such as small ears and tails .
In the latest study , a team led by Kevin Campbell at the University of Manitoba in Canada found another physiological trick that mammoths used to endure the ice age .
Campbell 's team isolated haemoglobin DNA from a woolly mammoth recovered from the Siberian permafrost and compared it with genetic code extracted from modern African and Asian elephants .
The mammoth 's DNA differed in a small but significant way .
Changes in one percent of the proteins studied showed that it took less energy for mammoth haemoglobin to release its oxygen into the body as it coursed through the blood vessels .
" It literally allows their blood to run cold , " Campbell said .
" Without this genetic adaptation , woolly mammoths would lose more heat in winter , and they would have to replace that energy by eating more .
In winter , there is less food around , so it was clearly a benefit to have this . "
The research is reported in the journal Nature Genetics .
Current Arctic species , such as musk ox and reindeer , have evolved a similar antifreeze system independently .
Campbell said the work shows how paleobiology – broadly the study of ancient , extinct life – has come of age .
" We resurrected mammoth haemoglobin .
It 's no different from going back 40,000 years in a time machine and taking a blood sample from the animal . "
Michi Hofreiter , a co-author of the study at the University of York , said : " Our study is the first one to reconstruct an evolutionary important , adaptive trait from an extinct species using ancient DNA .
" It therefore opens up the possibility to build up a much more complete picture of morphology , physiology and evolutionary adaptations than would be possible using non-molecular study of fossil bones . "
Why have a boring mouse when there are so many better functioning , better looking options ?
Mouse designs and concept mouse designs often are overlooked when we might be wanting a new computer accessory .
Here we ’ve collect 17 of the most outrageous and mind - boggling mouse designs .
i Tit Optical Wireless mouse
image sources : tuvie
It might come as no big surprise to you that this wireless mouse was inspired by the softness and sexy form of a breast .
Designers Mostafa Tohidifar and David Abbasi intend for iTit to offer emotional pleasure , fun , tactile interaction , and function .
iTit is user friendly with an outer layer of delicate rubber to provide wrist safety and comfort .
We are not too sure how well iTit will be able to blend in an office setting .
G- Point : The G - Spot Mouse
image sources : yankodesign
This concept is the G Point Mouse , but has also been referred to as the G - spot since this mouse has a very special “ secret spot ” that can make things happen quickly .
Designer Andy Kurovets strategically placed the scroll wheel on top .
When the secret spot inside is touched , it instantly connects you to your email or favorite website .
This concept design may not see the inside of corporate buildings any time soon either .
Car Mouse
image credit : adnews
Toyota has been displaying a black eye and limping around in public .
However , in a brilliant marketing move , Toyota turned their Toyota iQ car into a giant computer mouse .
In the above video , iQ is “ nimble as a mouse . ”
On the giant display , iQ plays tick - tac - toe , draws a smiley face , and even manages to manipulate some pictures .
The cool factor is huge , but actually using it for your mouse ?
Key Mouse
image sources : yankodesign
How many times have you needed to crunch numbers while using a laptop keyboard only to be annoyed by the missing Number Keys on the side ?
Designer Sun Lihui combined a mouse with a keypad to create Key Mouse .
This portable notebook mouse , with built - in small keyboard , is Bluetooth enabled .
The retractable hood hides a number pad , but the curvy grip works well when needed as a mouse .
World ’s Most Expensive Mouse
image sources : ubergizmo
If you have so much money that you are tripping on it , then Pat Says Now has designed the perfect mouse for you .
For only $ 26,730 you can personalize the mouse with diamonds .
Depending how many you want , be it your initials or a pattern , it could cost you even more .
The world ’s most expensive computer mouse is made to order .
You should allow up to three weeks for delivery . . .
Jelfin Gel Covered Mouse
image sources : hothardware , engadget
Do you ever become so stressed while at the computer that you ’d like to take out your aggressions but do n’t want anyone to notice ?
Jelfin Redesigns has a $ 35 mouse that is similar to those balls a person squeezes to relieve stress .
The ball - shaped mouse has a gel cushion that coats its surface .
This squishy spherical mouse is made to fit the curvature of your hand .
The 1,000 dpi Jelfin gel covered mouse is Mac and PC compatible , comes in most colors of the rainbow , and has a three - dimensional scroll wheel .
Wireless Flying KeyMouse
image sources : geekalerts
Need a keyboard and a mouse , but ca n’t be bothered to sit at your desk to use them ?
$ 59 can get you the USB 2.4GHz Wireless Flying KeyMouse .
This wireless hand - held mini keyboard features 75 keys and a flying mouse .
“ The flying mouse uses a new kind of position technology .
You can control the mouse cursor in the air easily .
Its portable and tiny design can be used for travel , school , or any other working environment .
It is especially suitable for HTPC environment . ”
18 Buttons on WarMouse Meta
image sources : warmouse
If you love all the buttons on a gaming controller , then be ready to have a geekasm over the WarMouse Meta .
It features 18 buttons !
Although the slick or shiny black surface choices may not make you drool , and being connected by a cord is no fun , Meta is the most advanced mouse on the market .
It has 512 K memory and each of its 18 buttons can be configured for different applications .
Also its analog joystick can be customized to perform eight different commands .
WarMouse Meta comes with a 30 - page user manual but assures us that it is not difficult to set up .
So all you need is $ 79.99 and a good memory to recall what you set each of the buttons to do . . . as well what each of their double - click functions do .
Toe Mouse
image sources : yankodesign
Designer Liu
Yi has come up with a mouse meant for people who have upper limb disabilities and cannot use their hands to move the mouse .
Toe Mouse is ergonomically designed to slip between the big and second toe as if it were a flipflop .
The left click button is below the big toe .
The sensor below the second toe acts as the means to right click .
Aigo Glide - Mouse – The Smallest Mouse in The World
image sources : ubergizmo
Aigo has made the smallest mouse in the world .
Glide Mouse is operated with your index and middle finger to control the 10 mm thick optical mouse .
You use your thumb for the side scroll wheel .
If you have a desire for teeny tiny mouse , then Glide Mouse might be for you .
MIT DIY “ Minority Report ” Glove Mouse
image sources : popsci , web.mit.edu
If one is a mouse , is two mice ?
At any rate , the Glove Mouse is now wireless thanks to MIT students Tony Hyun Kim and Nevada Sanchez .
Last year they created the first Glove Mouse for less than $ 100 .
Like the glove - based interfaces of out Minority Report , the glove allows users to navigate map applications , grabbing the map and pinching their fingers to zoom in .
A smartphone touchscreen can be also manipulated without touching the screen .
The wireless Glove Mouse has radio transmitters and receivers .
Microcontrollers transmit via RF waves so the fingers can “ press buttons . ”
The gestures are captured by LED lights in front of a standard webcam .
Gesture Controlled Loop Mouse
If you have your computer hooked up to your TV and / or Playstation 3 , then this sci - fi like mouse might be for you .
HillCrest Labs offers Wiimote - like motion - sensing technology in their bangle - shaped mouse called the Loop Pointer .
It allow users to control an on - screen cursor with the flick of their wrist .
This gesture controlled mouse is supposed to make it easy for users to search , browse , and navigate the internet .
It ’s certainly more fun than a traditional two - button click mouse .
The Loop remote mouse feels the user ’s movements and reflects it on the screen .
Users can click the left or right button on the remote to make selections .
Mad Catz Cyborg R.A.T .
image sources : theawesomer
Mad Catz Cyborg R.A.T. is a gaming centric Cyborg line of mice .
They are being promoted as “ the most comfortable gaming mice you ’ll ever use .
Besides , they just look cool ! ”
The key points of contact between the gamer ’s hand and the mouse are fully adjustable , customizable for any grip preference .
There are four different designs , with the top of the line having a programmable wireless 5600 dpi laser unit with weight system and Li-ion batteries .
Price tags range from $ 50 – $ 130 .
Evouse Revolutionary Mouse
image sources : tuvie
The concept design for eVouse features two different functions to make computing easier .
It works as a traditional mouse , but offers much more .
eVouse is a revolutionary wireless laptop mouse that can also be used as a pen sensor for different design works like designing an industrial entity .
The pen sensor is placed at the top corner , so the user will have a perfect grip on the ‘ V ’ shaped mouse when dragging it to perform particular actions .
Sustainability : Sustail Mouse
image sources : yankodesign
The Sustail mouse works with human - power .
Before using it , the user needs to wind the mouse with the key that is stored under the mouse .
The sound of the turning key goes from low octaves to high octaves as the user winds it to full charge .
The Sustail Wind - Up Mouse works in sync with a computer and keyboard .
Embrace sustainability and use the key to wind the mouse before using .
Trypticon Transforming Laser Mouse
image source : Gadget Review
Any Transformer fan would probably love this .
The Trypticon Transforming Laser Mouse features an 800 dpi sensor and 3 buttons .
It cost $ 59.99 , but it ’s Transformer terrific !
Leather Mouse
image sources : geekalerts
If you are all about fashion , or have a leather fetish , then you might like the Leather Mouse .
It comes in dark brown , light brown and red leather patterns , all of which features metallic plating .
The retractable USB cable is supposed to make it good for travel .
The Leather USB Optical Mouse cost $ 15 .
The portrayal of teenage boys as " yobs " in the media has made the boys wary of other teenagers , according to new research .
Figures show more than half of the stories about teenage boys in national and regional newspapers in the past year ( 4,374 out of 8,629 ) were about crime .
The word most commonly used to describe them was " yobs " ( 591 times ) , followed by " thugs " ( 254 times ) , " sick " ( 119 times ) and " feral " ( 96 times ) .
Other terms often used included " hoodie " , " louts " , " heartless " , " evil " " frightening " , " scum " , " monsters " , " inhuman " and " threatening " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The research – commissioned by Women in Journalism – showed the best chance a teenager had of receiving sympathetic coverage was if they died .
" We found some news coverage where teen boys were described in glowing terms – ' model student ' , ' angel ' , ' altar boy ' or ' every mother 's perfect son ' , " the research concluded , " but sadly these were reserved for teenage boys who met a violent and untimely death . "
At the same time a survey of nearly 1,000 teenage boys found 85 per cent believed newspapers portray them in a bad light .
They felt reality TV – with shows like The X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent – portrayed them in a better light – with fewer than 20 per cent believing they were being portrayed negatively .
As a result of the negative press , 80 per cent felt adults were more wary of them now than they had been a year ago .
However , the most striking finding , according to the research , was that many were now more wary of boys of their own age .
" It seems the endless diet of media reports about ' yobs ' and ' feral ' youths is making them fearful of other teens , " it said .
" Nearly a third said they are ' always ' or ' often ' wary of teenage boys they do n't know .
" The most popular reason for their wariness , cited by 51 per cent was ' media stories about teen boys ' compared with 40 per cent who said their wariness was based on their own or friends ' bad experiences of other teens . "
Nearly three - quarters said they had changed their behaviour as a result of this wariness .
The most common change , cited by 45.7 per cent , was boys avoiding places where teenagers hung around .
Others included dressing differently ( 14.2 per cent ) , and changing who they were seen with ( 11.9 per cent ) .
" For much of the press , there is no such thing as a good news story about teenagers , " it added .
" Stories about sport and entertainment , which might have balanced other negative coverage , also took a critical line .
Only 16 per cent of stories about teens and entertainment were positive : only 24 per cent about teens and sport were positive . "
The research found that – for all the coverage of teenage issues – the boys ' voices themselves were rarely heard in newspapers .
Fewer than one in 10 articles about young people actually quoted young people or included their perspectives in the debate .
Fiona Bawden , the WiJ committee member who presented the research at the British Library , said : " When a photo of a group of perfectly ordinary lads standing around wearing hooded tops has become visual shorthand for urban menace , or even the breakdown of society , it 's clear teenage boys have a serious image problem .
" The teen boys ' ' brand ' has become toxic .
Media coverage of boys is unrelentingly negative , focusing almost entirely on them as victims or perpetrators of crime – and our research shows that the media is helping make teenage boys fearful of each other . "
The research , Hoodies or Altar Boys ?
what is media stereotyping doing to our British boys ?
was carried out for WiJ by the research company , Echo .
Winnipeg may just finish what Hamilton started .
The weird world of the Phoenix Coyotes got a little stranger the past few days when a deal with would - be owner Jerry Reinsdorf collapsed amid reports the league is ready to move the team to back to Winnipeg , where they were once known as the Jets .
“ Do I believe the opportunity is there ?
Yes , ” Winnipeg Mayor Sam Katz said .
“ Do I want to see Winnipeggers get excited and then feel disappointed ?
No . ”
Hamiltonians know what Katz is talking about .
The team almost came to Hamilton last summer when Canadian billionaire Jim Balsillie offered to buy it in bankruptcy court , a deal ultimately rejected by the court when the league refused to approve Balsillie as an owner .
The immediate future of the Coyotes could be determined as early as Tuesday when Glendale City Council — which has already rejected Ice Edge Holdings once — reconvenes and reconsiders the proposal by the hockey - loving investors who would have the Coyotes stay put .
With emotions and the stakes very high , none of the principals — including Daryl Jones of Ice Edge and NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly — were returning calls Friday .
It ’s believed the NHL wants the city to help Ice Edge cover losses next season .
That might be politically untenable for the city .
A month ago , Glendale ’s politicians backed Reinsdorf ’s controversial last - minute bid , but there was a backlash .
Business owners and political groups were unhappy with the idea that tax dollars should help Reinsdorf pay the NHL part of the $ 165 million the league wants for the team .
The bankruptcy left the team in the NHL ’s control and gives it the power to move it after June 30 .
Glendale council is in a tough spot , having built the $ 180 million Jobing.com Arena specifically for the Coyotes .
If Glendale ca n’t work out a deal with Ice Edge and the NHL , the league is expected to move quickly on a long - rumoured deal with Toronto - based billionaire David Thomson and Mark Chipman , chairman of Winnipeg - based True North Sports and Entertainment Ltd .
The Phoenix Business Journal said the NHL had an agreement in principle with Thomson and Chipman as a backup plan that could see the Coyotes move back to Manitoba ’s capital .
NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly said March 30 , in response to that story , that the league ’s focus remains on keeping the team in Glendale and there was no agreement in place with Thomson and Chipman .
Thomson and Chipman are partners in True North , which owns the 15,000 - seat MTS Centre and the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League .
True North issued a statement Friday that said in part , “ We will continue to respect the efforts of all parties involved to maintain the Coyotes in Arizona , including those of the National Hockey League .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ As we have stated many times in the past , if that situation changes , we are certainly open to reviewing the opportunity with the NHL . ”
With files from Star wire services
Read more about :
While the publishing industry fights to survive , a group of scifi writers and software developers have struck out on their own .
Led by Neal Stephenson , author of Cryptonomicon , the group built an ebook that could make reading truly interactive .
Advertisement
The project was born out of swordfighting .
Stephenson , an avid swordfighter , practices this martial art with a small group in Seattle which includes software developer Jeremy Bornstein and others .
Over time , and after a lot of input from martial arts experts , Stephenson realized that the descriptions of swordfighting in his novels would have been much better if they 'd been shaped by knowledge contributed by people reading the books .
And so the idea for a collectively written novel was born .
With the help of authors Greg Bear , Nicole Galland , and Mark Teppo , along with Bornstein and others , Stephenson began to outline a book called The Mongoliad - a medieval adventure full of swordfighting and mysticism .
Advertisement
The team formed a small company called Subutai , and here 's what they have to say about their first book :
[ The Mongoliad is ] about a time when Europe thought that the Mongol Horde was about to destroy their world , and the exploits of a small band of mystics and warriors as they attempt to turn the tide of history .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And though I keep calling it a " book , " The Mongoliad is actually an app written for mobile devices ( currently iPhone and iPad ) .
I had a chance to look at an early version of the book for iPad this week , and Bornstein walked me through its features .
Below you can see a presentation Bornstein did recently where he showed the app interface .
A series of clickable options run down the left side of the iPad screen , including access to chapters , movies , images , maps , and a " pedia " or glossary .
Advertisement
The Mongoliad began as visual media , not text .
" A year ago Neal said he had an idea for a movie and some of us got together and were writing a screenplay and the settling , " Bornstein recalls .
" The first part was set 200 years earlier than the [ movie story ] , and that 's what we 're releasing as The Mongoliad .
We are n't doing a movie because we do n't have the skills to do that .
Instead , we have software folks like myself , and everything we need to build this story . "
While Stephenson , Bear , and others worked on the text , Bornstein developed the app backend , focusing on collaborative software .
The group dubbed the result the " personal ubiquitous literature platform , " or PULP .
Advertisement
Though interactive novels have had snippets of movies and images in them since the mid-1990s , PULP is what makes
The Mongoliad stand out as a possible way forward for post - print publishing .
PULP makes this book into something that 's truly the product of our collective imaginations .
When you 're reading a chapter of the book , you always have the option to pull up a an interactive discussion window and leave a note or enter a discussion about the book .
You can write your own additional storyline .
Or add to the pedia to explain more about the historical setting .
You can also rate every aspect of the book , rating any page on a scale of one to five stars .
The Mongoliad is n't just a story ; it 's a platform for collaborative worldbuilding .
The question is , how do you prevent such an endeavor from degenerating into chaos ?
" We have the concept of canonicity – if we like it we 'll tag it as canon , " Bornstein says .
" We 'll have ways of reflecting people 's community standing in our forums .
So some people will be able to help curate the canon , and we 'll be the ultimate arbiters . "
The book will become a thicket of fanfic , but there will be a clear , canonical path marked through it by the creators of the story .
Advertisement
So how will you buy The Mongoliad ?
It wo n't be like getting a traditional ebook , which is usually wrapped in some kind of format or digital restriction management software designed to prevent people from sharing it .
Subutai is devoted to selling this book without DRM .
You 'll get it in an app store , and you 'll pay what Bornstein calls " a relatively low price " for it as a six - month service , where you get new content every week .
At the end of those six months you can renew for " a lower price . "
Bornstein hinted that the book will eventually contain " a few games too . "
Advertisement
" This is our solution to the ebook question , " Bornstein adds .
" You have to think of something else to do to get around copying .
So you make it a service that people want to belong to and contribute to .
So there are artistic and economic reasons for making it a service .
[ On the artistic side , ] having the reader feedback we 'll get good information about how the historical period worked . "
Stephenson , Bear , and the writers have about three months worth of text written so far .
Some is edited , and some is n't .
Once the book launches and people start contributing , Bornstein says , " We 'll be willing to revise up to and after the publication .
We 're taking audience feedback really seriously - if people point out problems with fights we 'll change it . "
Advertisement
Ready to download The Mongoliad and get medieval ?
Subutai plans to launch before the end of the year .
Sign up for updates on the project via their official website .
St Petersburg billboard with reworked slogan " For Motherland ! Without Stalin "
A POINT OF VIEW
Why rewrite history books - to accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative for the good of the nation , asks David Cannadine in his Point of View column .
According to a newspaper report last week , the Russian authorities have recently gathered together a group of academics to draw up a school textbook that would present an approved version of the complex and controversial events that make up Russian history .
Taking a rosy view of the past
The aim is to play down the deplorable excesses of the Communist regime : the show trials , the purges , the gulags , the abuses of human rights and the denial of individual freedom .
Instead , the intention is to stress the positive contribution and the heroic achievements of the Russian people in defeating Hitler , and to build a new national identity on the basis of this selective and sanitised national narrative .
As one official explained , " we understand that school is a unique social institution that forms all citizens " ; which means it is essential they should be taught history , especially the right kind of history .
" We need a united society , " the apparatchik goes on , and to achieve that end , " we need a united textbook " .
This is n't the first time such an enterprise has been undertaken in Russia since the Bolshevik Revolution .
Indeed , an earlier leader who had exactly the same idea is one of the people who must be causing this recent gathering of academics the greatest difficulties .
For in 1934 , it was Stalin himself who convened an earlier meeting of historians to discuss the very same issue , namely the teaching of history in Russian schools .
He disapproved of the conventional class - based accounts then available , which were strongly influenced by Marxist doctrines , and which traced the development of Russia from feudalism to capitalism and beyond .
Not even Stalin 's hometown wanted to be associated with him anymore ...
" These textbooks , " Stalin thundered , " are n't good for anything .
It 's all epochs and no facts , no events , no people , no concrete information . "
History , he concluded somewhat enigmatically , " must be history " - by which , in this case , he meant a cavalcade of national heroes , whose doings might appeal more broadly to the Russian people than the arid abstractions of class analysis and social structure .
As such , Stalin 's earlier enterprise in national history writing sounds rather similar to what 's happening now .
Yet in any country which aspires to a measure of academic freedom , and it is to be hoped that such is the case in Russia today , it 's very difficult to produce an agreed account of the national past .
Texas tried too
Even if it's confined to the 20th Century , there 's an enormous amount to disagree on in recent Russian history .
This is partly because there 's a great deal of it that is n't fully known , since much documentary material has n't survived , or is n't publicly available , when it has .
... his statue was removed overnight and dismantled
And it 's partly because there is genuine scope for legitimate controversy about such major questions as : why did the Bolshevik Revolution happen in 1917 , was Lenin 's regime bound to lead to the excessive horrors of Stalinism , and why did Communism fall and the Soviet Union come apart ?
Substantial scholarly industries have long been addressing these questions and debating these issues , and there seems no reason to think that agreement on any of them is getting any closer .
Such disputes about what constitutes the national past , and about what should be taught as the national past , are not confined to former Communist countries , and nor are they unique to professional historians .
Earlier this year , a huge row took place on the Texas Board of Education , which is responsible for designing the history curriculum taught in its state schools .
FIND OUT MORE ...
A Point of View , with David Cannadine , is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 2050 BST and repeated Sundays , 0850 BST
Or listen to it on the iPlayer later
Those activist members of a conservative inclination wanted a radical re-writing of the history syllabus , which would stress that the founding fathers of the United States , and the authors of its constitution , intended America to be a Christian nation , rather than one upholding the principle of the separation of church and state .
They were also determined that greater attention should be given to Ronald Reagan , as the architect of national revival and the victor of the Cold War , and to such key conservative organizations as the Heritage Foundation , the Moral Majority and the National Rifle Association .
And they wanted to change the history textbooks as well as the history syllabus , by urging that the Texas curriculum be adopted in other states , and by applying direct pressure on major publishing companies to rewrite their national narratives accordingly .
20/20 vision
As these examples of Russia and Texas suggest , such history wars are as much political as they are academic , and getting involved in them is not for the squeamish , as a glance at the recent correspondence columns of some of our newspapers will serve to show .
The Texas Board of Education wanted greater attention given to Ronald Reagan , the Moral Majority and the National Rifle Association
Soon after taking office , the new Secretary of State for Education , Michael Gove , expressed an interest in reforming the teaching of history in our schools , and he has certainly not lacked for advice as to what he should - or should n't - do .
As is often the case , there seem to be two irreconcilable views : those who want the history syllabus to stress national endeavour and achievement , and those who want it to recognise the failings and blemishes which invariably besmirch any country 's historical record .
In this particular case , the correspondence soon degenerated into a far from edifying disagreement as to whether the British Empire had been a " good thing " or a " bad thing " - viewpoints which , in their irreconcilable simplicities , might have come straight out of 1066 and All That .
There 's no doubt that proponents of both of these interpretations of our national past can find ample historical evidence to support the very different arguments they are making .
But it 's more important - and it's much more difficult - to try to strike some sort of balance between them than it is to adopt either of these deeply entrenched adversarial positions .
Once upon a time , children , this was a British colony
One historian from an earlier time who knew this very well was George Macaulay Trevelyan .
Towards the end of his life , he gave his considered verdict , and it was revealingly - and rightly - even - handed .
Having lived through the devastation and the destruction of two world wars , he reluctantly agreed with Edward Gibbon that much of history was indeed a " register of the crimes , follies and misfortunes of mankind " .
But he also insisted that history was , in addition , " the register of the splendour of man , and of his occasional good fortune , of which our island has had more than its share " .
If the teaching of history in our schools is to be reformed again , then both of these perspectives need to be very firmly - and simultaneously - borne in mind .
But if he is serious about this matter , there are many other issues which Mr Gove will need to consider .
Who , for example , should decide what history is taught in schools : should it be the government , or academic experts , or examination boards , or the schools themselves , or even the parents ?
What is the balance that should be struck between teaching the history of England , of Britain , of the British Empire , of Europe , of the United States , of China or of the world as a whole ?
Is the teaching of history about chronology and narrative , or about analysis and structure , or about information and detail , or about imagination and empathy , or about a combination of some or all of these things ?
Should it be concerned with extended periods of time , to give a sense of the length of the past , or with shorter periods which can be studied in greater depth ?
For how many hours a week should history be taught in schools , and to what age should it be made compulsory ?
Who should decide what gets taught ?
Since I 've spent the whole of my life as a professional historian , I 'm naturally much concerned about these very important questions .
But there is also a more specific interest I ought to declare : for the last 18 months , I 've been leading a project , based at the Institute of Historical Research , which is looking into the history of the teaching of history in schools in England since it first became a serious activity early in the 20th Century .
And one of our most important discoveries so far has been the extent to which similar questions have been asked across the decades and generations , and often in complete ignorance of how they 've been answered before .
At the very least , any discussion of the teaching of history in our schools should be informed by an historical perspective .
We plan to publish some preliminary findings early in the autumn , and our full report by the middle of next year .
Meanwhile , I shall be following Mr Gove 's discussions and deliberations with the greatest of attention : and I very much hope that he may be no less interested in ours .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier this month , Canadian hikers stumbled across the carcass of this bizarre - looking creature .
Now scientists think they know what it is .
Advertisement
Two women hiking in the Ontario wilderness came across this foot - long creature , who had washed up on shore .
Advertisement
It looks like some kind of trout with fur .
Cryptid enthusiasts wondered if it might be the little brother of the Montauk monster .
But in fact , the creature is most likely just an ordinary little mammal who drowned and lost some of its fur and cuteness .
According to Cryptomundo :
James L. Patton , Curator and Professor Emeritus , Museum of Vertebrate Zoology , University of California , [ writes ] : " [ The ] mystery critter looks more like a mink than an otter to me ( longer fingers , without any evidence of webbing ) .
It clearly was dead in the water for a prolonged period , hence the defurred face and head , and somewhat swollen appearance … .
If anyone had bothered to look at the teeth , the identification would have been easy , but … . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
via Cryptomundo
Public Data in your Email Share
This :
I ’ve been playing around a bit with Rapportive lately .
It ’s a web service that lets you see information about the sender of an email based on publicly available social media profiles .
It works on top of Gmail .
If you ’re using Rapportive and see an email from me , it ’ll show you a picture of me alongside my work history from Linked In , my recent twitter activity , and a picture of me .
People put a lot of information about themselves online through the use of social media , but they also pop up in databases the government provides , too .
So when we heard Rapportive was offering the ability for developers to create third party raplets we decided to throw something together .
Our raplet ( SPOILER ALERT ) is based on TransparencyData.com .
Our raplet searches TransparencyData.com for the name of the sender in the last election cycle , and – since we can’t tell an exact match with any level of real precision– it gives you a list of the names it found for you to select from .
You can then click on the links it gives you to run a full search if you ’d like .
Since we recently added lobbying data to Transparency Data the raplet does a quick search to see if the sender is a registered lobbyist too .
Just for fun .
This is an experiment– since we ’ve basically built an extension of an extension , it ’s kind of hard to support this as a major product .
But if you ’d like to try it out for yourself , here ’s how :
You ’ll need to get the Rapportive Firefox or Chrome browser extension .
Once installed , log in to Rapportive in Gmail .
Go to the Add Raplets page , and click on the “ ADD THIS ” button next to “ Custom Raplet ” .
Paste in this URL : http://transparencydata.com/api/1.0/rapportive.json
Reload gmail .
You should get something like this
We ’ll be playing around with it and seeing what happens .
Now you can too .
You ’ll start seeing the campaign contributions of your friends pop up in your gmail if they made any above $ 250 in the 2008 election cycle .
And if your friend is a registered lobbyist , it ’ll tell you that too .
Let us know what you think , and give Sunlight Labs developer Jeremy Carbaugh a pat on the back for putting this together so quickly .
The thing about Alpha Protocol that sat poorly with me was the fact that there were boss fights .
This was a game that boasted , and here I quote directly from the box blurb : " In the first modern - day espionage RPG [ Now there 's a valiantly qualified statement ] , the path you choose is in your hands .
Will you seduce and subvert , or kill and coerce ? "
The answer is , we will kill and coerce .
Or , more accurately , we will kill .
There are unavoidable boss fights - the kind with heavy metal playing in the background and the boss 's health meter going along the top of the screen .
So if you have n't been cultivating the specific combat abilities necessary to counter the boss 's various attack phases , then get ready to open wide and chew on the overloaded spoonful of shit that 's coming your way .
There may be some specific conversation paths that let you circumnavigate the fight , but such a route would blatantly be based around dumb luck rather than where you 'd been concentrating skill points .
The game makes a big thing of the importance of gathering intelligence on characters so you 'll know what kind of response will have the most positive effect , but there is n't much usefulness in this information when you have limited knowledge of how Mike Thorton intends to interpret the instruction " act aggressive " on this particular occasion .
Forceful stare or knee in the balls ?
It concerns me how few so - called roleplaying games exist that actually have one of the things that roleplaying games are supposed to be defined by - the ability to succeed in any challenge the game presents with any arrangement of skills , allowing the player to be whatever kind of character they want to be .
Even System Shock 2 has this problem .
It 's regarded as a classic by many , but very few of the people I know who have played it can claim to have finished it without cheating on their first run-through , because some character builds just stop being effective fairly late into the game .
Deus
Ex is one of the few action RPGs I can think of that genuinely does allow any approach , and it's so old now it takes place on the blocky - leveled planet of the shiny fat people .
But I digress .
I wanted to talk about boss fights .
Now , the world of culture is driven by these things called " tropes , " little templates around which stories and productions of various media base themselves .
They 're not necessarily bad things .
Tropes and cliches usually exist because they 've been proved effective , either as a storytelling device or because its mere presence has been proven by marketing to draw in more of demographics A , B and C and their enticing disposable income .
But every now and again it 's fruitful to take a step back and critically examine the tropes that have osmosed their way into the cultural zeitgeist as standard fare , and wonder if they are still having any beneficial effect or if we 're just blindly following the leader without even considering if it 's appropriate .
Like how mainstream Hollywood films insist on levering in romantic subplots even while the entire rest of the film is a succession of medically significant blows to the face in extreme close - up .
Or that peculiar tendency for Japanese animation to attempt to simultaneously cater for as many fetishes as possible so that jiggle physics are laboriously animated even if the work satirizes gender politics with its very next breath .
Likewise the humble boss fight .
They 've been with us ever since the earliest days of arcade shooting - 'em - up , still bravely outliving its stablemate tropes " Lives , " " High Score Tables " and " Gruff Spooky Voices Reading Out The Level Number , " all of which have largely gone the way of all flesh .
But let me make totally clear now that I do n't think boss fights are obsolete .
Not yet , anyway .
I just think a lot of people misinterpret the concept .
See , the boss fight is supposed to be like a final exam .
It 's a chance for you to use all the different skills you 've developed up to that point .
That 's why Zelda bosses are always traditionally defeated with whatever new tool you picked up in their dungeon .
But while rounding off a game by pouring attack after attack into a massively inflated enemy with a massively inflated health bar ( or even just a normal - sized enemy with a massively inflated health bar - which confuses the fuck out of me ) is perfectly acceptable for a solely combat - based game , games are no longer solely about jerking off your big bloody gun cock .
Except Gears of War .
THOUSANDS of people could be slapped with fines for offences that would never have attracted police attention in the past under sweeping reforms to police powers .
Experts fear swearing in public , with a fine of $ 100 , will be a major money spinner and could become the weapon of choice for frustrated officers on the beat .
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh announced the new powers for the state 's police to issue on - the - spot notices for public nuisance offences .
Ms Bligh said the move would increase efficiency , save time and fast - track more important matters in the courts by stopping minor public nuisance offenders from clogging the justice system .
She said the measures , targeting offences such as public urination , disorderly conduct and abusive language , would save the Government between $ 18 million and $ 30 million .
The power to issue on - the - spot fines of between $ 100 and $ 300 could result in public nuisance prosecutions soaring 20 per cent , based on figures from a 12 - month trial in South Brisbane and Townsville .
In 2008 - 2009 terms , that could see 5500 more people slapped with the offence across Queensland each year .
Ms Bligh said it was hard to estimate if the 20 per cent increase would hold true right across the state .
She attributed it to police having more time " on the beat " because the on - the - spot powers saved hours compared to the time spent processing an arrest .
But an evaluation of the trial by Griffith University said evidence existed that , given on - the - spot powers , police were more likely to issue tickets in situations unlikely to be considered criminal before the courts .
The NSW Ombudsman said the problem particularly concerned police fining people for swearing , saying : " The words spoken would not be considered offensive if the matter was to be determined by a court . "
Queensland Council of Civil Liberties president Michael Cope said the powers were a concern when it came to offensive language and would see public nuisance offence rates soar .
" This will become the thing police just slap on someone whenever they are n't happy , " Mr Cope said .
" No one will fight them and ultimately people who are homeless or young will bear the brunt of this . "
Trial figures showed 1 per cent of those charged had appealed .
Police Minister Neil Roberts said inappropriate behaviour in public places was not acceptable and would not be tolerated .
The legislation will be introduced to Parliament later this year , with the new powers to take effect by 2011 .
- The Lock - port Journal tells the following horrible story : A woman living in Mercer , C.W. , the wife of Mr. WM .
EVERS , has for four years past been afflicted with a singular diffculty in her stomach .
Her complaint has until within a short time past , baffled the skill of physicians .
The complaint commenced about four years since , with a tickling and uneasy sensation about the pit of the stomach .
The same sensation has continued to increase in severity from that time .
A few months since it became the incontrovertible opinion of the most skillful physicians , that the increasing difficulty has been the growth of a snake in the stomach .
It has grown so large now that it distends the stomach so as to produce a bunch upon the outside as large as a quart bowl .
Upon pressing this bunch with the hand , the reptile recoils and produces great distress in the stomach .
When fish or meat is being cooked in the room , if the snake is not satisfied with food , it rises up in the throat producing strangulation .
When desiring food it manifests it by rising up in the throat .
Physicians can see no way in which the snake can be removed without certain death to the woman .
Mrs. EVERS is about 35 years of age .
She is , of course , feeble in health now , but is around the house .
Recently released Remote HD is an iPad/ iPhone / iPod touch universal and powerful application that gives you complete access to your AppleTV , Mac or PC .
It works like an Apple Remote , but it can do a lot more – one of the greatest features is Remote View that brings your AppleTV ’s display to the iPhone / iPad or iPod touch .
Remote View now also works with XBMC and Boxee .
The app allows you to reconnect to last connection – – if you use Remote HD mostly to connect to the same Apple TV , you can save the time of searching for available connections and tapping to connect .
Using Remote HD you can also put the Apple TV to sleep , restart it or even shut it down altogether .
In addition , selecting “ Log off ” will perform a “ soft ” restart on the Apple TV .
Other great feature is that when you connect to your computer or Apple TV using the mobile network ( 3G , EDGE , GPRS ) , Remote HD kicks into a mode designed to save data transfer and optimize its performance based on the available bandwidth at any given time .
Check out the rest of the features here .
The app is XBMC and Boxee compatible .
aTV
Flash has already added support for Remote HD ( can be installed through the Maintenance –> Install Extras menu ) .
We have 5 free copies of the app to give away !
To enter the contest follow us on Twitter and retweet the contest message ( Win RemoteHD and access your AppleTV from your iPhone / iPad !
Follow @appletvhacks and RT for your chance to win # giveaway ) .
The winners will be announced on Tuesday ( June 29 ) .
The ongoing disaster in the Gulf has elicited heated responses as the media continues to provide images of dead wildlife , fouled marshes and beaches , losses to owners of employees and small businesses , and continuing reports that BP is putting the health of cleanup workers at risk by continuing to refuse to allow respirators to be used and providing inadequate safety training in the face of evidence of health risks .
In addition , the amount of liabilities that BP will face is not yet known .
The public at large is likely not getting an accurate tally of the daily volume of the output .
While BP will drill relief wells in August , there is no assurance its initial efforts will be successful ( as we pointed out , the last major Gulf oil disaster , the Ixtoc well in 1979 , it took ten months to halt the flow of oil from a well at a depth of only 100 feet .
Moreover , in addition BP compounding its liability through its inattention to the health of cleanup workers , new information is emerging that suggests the environmental damage could be worse than heretofore thought .
The oil leak contains unusually large amounts of methane .
As the Associated Press reported :
The oil emanating from the seafloor contains about 40 percent methane , compared with about 5 percent found in typical oil deposits , said John Kessler , a Texas A&M University oceanographer who is studying the impact of methane from the spill .
That means huge quantities of methane have entered the Gulf , scientists say , potentially suffocating marine life and creating “ dead zones ” where oxygen is so depleted that nothing lives .
“ This is the most vigorous methane eruption in modern human history , ” Kessler said .
And this is before we consider the issue of culpability : BPs ’ simply awful record of safety risks , its failure to do even remotely adequate containment of the oil on the surface even though the safety plans it submitted to regulators said it would ( and experts have said it was quite feasible ) .
With this as backdrop , it has been stunning to see some of the defenses of BP in the wake of the announcement that BP will establish a $ 20 billion fund as a step in compensating leak victims and Thursday ’s House Committee on Energy and Commerce ’s grilling of BP CEO Tony Hayward .
The fund has been bizarrely treated as some sort of abuse of power , even though the stock traded up on news .
Huh ?
This came out of a negotiation , and the US has every reason to want to get BP to conserve cash , and BP has never denied that it owes a lot of people a lot of money , and the ultimate amount of damages is unknown .
As law professor Bill Black noted , it ’s about competence as a creditor .
Civil fines alone could be $ 4300 a barrel .
Uncle Sam will presumably be sending a bill for all the Coast Guard resources deployed on behalf of BP .
Criminal sanctions could result in the loss of BP ’s US drilling licenses and Federal contracts .
It is n’t hard to come up with scenarios where the tab from the federal government alone exceeds $ 20 billion , and if the US does strip BP of some of its US sources of income , its ability to meet those claims would be impaired .
As ProPublica noted :
The EPA said in a statement that , according to its regulations , it can consider banning BP from future contracts after weighing “ the frequency and pattern of the incidents , corporate attitude both before and after the incidents , changes in policies , procedures , and practices . ”
Several former senior EPA debarment attorneys and people close to the BP investigation told ProPublica that means the agency will re-evaluate BP and examine whether the latest incident in the Gulf is evidence of an institutional problem inside BP … .
The most serious , sweeping kind of suspension is called “ discretionary debarment ” and it is applied to an entire company .
If this were imposed on BP , it would cancel not only the company ’s contracts to sell fuel to the military but prohibit BP from leasing or renewing drilling leases on federal land .
In the worst cast , it could also lead to the cancellation of BP ’s existing federal leases , worth billions of dollars .
Present and former officials said the crucial question in deciding whether to impose such a sanction is assessing the offending company ’s culture and approach :
Do its executives display an attitude of non-compliance ?….
In its negotiations with EPA officials before the Gulf spill , BP had been insisting that it had made far - reaching changes in its approach to safety and maintenance , and that environmental officials could trust its promises that it would commit no further violations of the law .
Yves here .
So while some commentators would like to characterize BP ’s star turn before Congress and the President as theater ( and it is true that Obama in particular desperately needs to re-establish his bona fides here ) , there is a serious purpose afoot .
BP has been a serial miscreant .
It has not only amassed a horrid safety record , it has misrepresented its commitment to turning a new leaf ( one BP shill in comments here had the gall to blame BP ’s poor safety record on its failure to turn around the cultures of its US acquisitions , Amoco and Arco .
Those took place more than ten years ago .
Any veteran of corporate transactions will tell you how seldom the culture of purchased businesses survives even when the buyer desperately wants to retain it .
These sort of arguments illustrate how difficult it is to defend BP ’s conduct ) .
So part of the “ theater ” is actually deadly serious .
Does BP get it , or does understand it at least needs to credibly fake getting it ?
If the spectacle of eleven figure losses is n’t a “ come to Jesus ” moment , nothing will be .
Similarly , the House hearings were no ambush ; the House sent a detailed letter to BP alerting the company to the topics it intended to cover with a good bit of detail on the decisions and procedures it found troubling .
Was it reasonable to expect much new information from Hayward ?
No .
But there is a tremendous amount already in the public domain .
A display of contrition , admitting to things it can’t possibly deny ( faux candor ) and acting respectful would have at least said that BP understands the gravity of its situation .
But that is n’t what we got .
An assessment of Hayward ’s performance in the Telegraph ( hat tip reader Doc Holliday ) :
Accused of stonewalling , he stonewalled .
He could n’t , or would n’t , answer most of the questions .
In fact , he looked like a tired undertaker who was rather bored with having to look mournful .
Given that a woman held up proceedings earlier on by shouting protests him , it would have been advisable to show some regret rather than say he felt “ a great deal ” of responsibility for the oil spill and that it was “ a tragedy ” with all the emphasis and enthusiasm of an autistic sloth .
Yves here .
Of course , this ghastly show could simply be Hayward ’s failing , not BP ’s but that seems awfully generous .
Companies chose CEOs deliberately , precisely because they tend to print the values and habits on the organization .
Thus Hayward ’s arrogance and tone deafness is unlikely to be an unfortunate deficiency in an otherwise stellar executive ; it ’s likely BP ’s board saw those qualities as attractive .
The high handed remarks of BP ’s chairman suggest that Hayward ’s attitude is widely shared within the oil company .
Consider this exchange during the hearings .
From Glenn Stehle in comments :
There were several house members who brought up BP ’s safety record at the hearing .
It is Hayward ’s contention that BP has changed since 2005 - 6 , since he ’s been at the helm .
Perhaps it is Bruce Braley who did the best job of countering Hayward ’s claim .
You can see his questioning of Hayward beginning at minute 00:18:30 on Part 3 in the C - Span coverage .
Braley : Explain to us why between June of 2007 and February of 2010 the Occupational Health and Safety Administration checked 55 oil refineries operating in the US , two of those 55 are owned by BP , and BP ’s refineries racked up 760 citations for egregiously , willful safety violations accounting for 97 % of the worst and most serious violations that OSHA monitors in the workplace .
That does n’t sound like a culture of safety .
Hayward :
We acknowledge we had very serious issues in 2005 and 2006 .
Braley : Well I ’m not talking about 2005 and 2006 .
I ’m citing from an OSHA study between June of 2007 , on your watch , and February of 2010 where OSHA said “ BP has a systemic safety problem , ” and of those 760 that were classified as “ egregious and willful , ” it ’s important to note that that is the worst violation that OSHA can identify , and their definition is “ a violation committed with plain indifference or to intentional disregard for employee safety and health . ”
Ninety - seven percent of those egregious violations at US refineries , on your watch , were against your company .
That does n’t sound like a company , that to use your words , “ is committed to safe reliable operations as your number one priority . ”
There ’s a complete disconnect between your testimony and the reality of these OSHA findings .
Do you understand that ?
Yves here .
Given how far the state of the art in lying in public spin doctoring has evolved , Hayward ’s appearance looks as if he could n’t even be bothered to offer defenses that were remotely plausible ( the OSHA violations have been widely reported in the US media , they were certain to be discussed in the hearings ) .
And the degree of preparation indicated by the extensively footnoted letter sent prior to the hearings signaled that he was appearing before a well briefed panel that was unlikely to cut him any slack .
Of course , this half - hearted performance may reflect the fact that BP regards Obama as a paper tiger , and that may prove to be 100 % accurate .
Or it could demonstrate that BP ’s culture of corners - cutting is so deeply embedded as to be pathological .
Despite this sorry show , there have been some hysterical , strikingly divorced from reality defenses of BP , a particularly notable one in this week ’s Economist .
Ryan Chittum took it apart at the Columbia Journalism Review :
The Economist has a pathetic leader this week criticizing Obama for hammering BP and raising the ridiculous idea that his corporate - friendly administration is anti-business .
It actually ( really ! ) calls the president “ Vladimir Obama ” and writes :
The collapse in BP ’s share price suggests that he has convinced the markets that he is an American version of Vladimir Putin , willing to harry firms into doing his bidding .
The normally sober Economist has gone off the wagon here .
First , it knows better than to “ suggest ” what “ the markets ” think .
Second , that blew up in its face rather quickly .
Instaputz points out that BP shares soared 10 percent on news of the $ 20 billion fund … the Economist ’s spin here is obnoxious .
If anything ends up ruining BP , it will have been its own actions .
Go read this The Wall Street Journal piece for a look at the company ’s negligence .
And BP should have to pay for all the associated costs of its actions , not just the actual bill for cleaning up the oil … .
they will be very , very costly .
Moreover , a company ’s market capitalization is based on expectations for future earnings .
This disaster will surely make it harder for BP to get drilling rights that investors expected it to have just two months ago .
The political climate for offshore drilling has just undergone a seismic change .
Another big factor in BP ’s share decline is pure uncertainty .
Investors do n’t like it .
Right now , the only thing certain is that BP ’s hole is going to be spewing toxic oil into the Gulf of Mexico for at least another two months …
And this paragraph is a doozy :
The vitriol has a xenophobic edge : witness the venomous references to “ British Petroleum ” , a name BP dropped in 1998 ( just as well that it dispensed with the name Anglo - Iranian Oil Company even longer ago ) .
Vilifying BP also gets in the way of identifying other culprits , one of which is the government .
BP operates in one of the most regulated industries on earth with some of the most perverse rules , subsidies and incentives .
Shoddy oversight clearly contributed to the spill , and an energy policy which reduced the demand for oil would do more to avert future environmental horrors than fierce retribution .
BP was still being called “ British Petroleum ” here before the oil spill .
The “ newspaper ” says that the administration is “ vilifying BP , ” as if it ’s not a villain here .
Hey , be nice to those guys that just spilled a hundred - million gallons of oil ( and counting ) on your shores and in your waters because they cut corners on their oil well !
It ’s unsporting to “ vilify ” them .
The Economist is part of the problem I talked about yesterday : Corporations get personhood under the law , but we ’re warned you ca n’t retaliate against them for their bad actions .
It would be bad for business !
But the biggest laugher is this , which it writes in arguing that the government should get its share of the blame ( which it most definitely is , including from Obama himself in case The Economist has n’t noticed ) : BP operates in one of the most regulated industries on earth with some of the most perverse rules , subsidies and incentives .
So , it ’s in one of the most regulated industries , but at the same time , regulators are responsible for its actions because they did n’t regulate ?
Huh ?
Yes , regulators get plenty of blame for not forcing BP to act right , but BP is ultimately at fault here — especially since it helped get the regulators called off in the first place .
That laissez - faire stuff did n’t happen in a vacuum .
Yves here .
As Rex reader described the “ blame the regulators ” canard :
You have a few drinks and are driving home at about 100 mph , when it starts to rain .
You lose control , crash , taking out a bunch of other drivers and starting a fire which burns down a lot of the surrounding neighborhood .
Your defense — there were laws in place that should have prevented the accident .
The fault lies with the cops who failed to stop you before the unfortunate accident which was triggered by an act of God ( the rain ) .
Yves here .
One of the reasons for negative reactions from the UK and some readers here no doubt is n’t that they have a vested interest ( as in own BP stock ) or simply have n’t been following closely the details of BP ’s conduct ( not just the decisions that led to the blow - out , but its actions in the containment / cleanup process ) .
Remarkably , BP got very good marks from a corporate social responsibility standpoint , which suggests there are deep seated flaws in that methodology .
The fact that they do n’t consider safety records or regulatory violations for companies in production or environmentally sensitive businesses is stunning .
A colleague , who runs a website that aggregates the ratings by corporate social responsibility experts wrote this defense of BP last month :
Our rating system is broad and balanced .
It is backward - looking — but incorporates enough data points to be a good estimate of recent reality .
Much of our evaluation is comparative — a company is judged against the performance of others in its industry .
We measure twelve subcategories of performance — plus more than a dozen special issues .
So , a company that performs poorly in one area can redeem itself in the others .
If you look at BP , it has remarkably good scores for a major oil company .
I ’ve attached a screen shot of the data you ’d see if you were a subscriber .
You ’ll see several subcategory ratings above 70 .
It is pretty hard to get this good a score .
We are tough enough that we do n’t hand out any “ As ” and very few “ Bs ! ” The average score is in the mid 40s .
For instance , BP has excellent governance scores .
Take a look at the attached report from Governance Metrics ( the best source IMHO of governance info ) .
BP has excellent scores for its handling of board and transparency issues — especially when you compare it to other oil industry companies .
Regardless of how BP did with the oil spill disaster , it probably is a pretty well governed company , with a balanced and responsible board .
Similarly , if you look at our custom report from Asset4 , you ’ll see that BP garnered 20 awards for its community service ( one of the top numbers in our system ) .
The organizations that granted their favor to BP were not all stupid , fooled , or swayed only by PR .
They did real work to investigate and check on BP ’s performance .
Of course , many may regret the honors they bestowed on BP and renounce them after the fact .
We are certain to see a drop in BP ’s community scores , as we move forward .
Look at the other sources on our list .
The Accountability list contains only 100 companies .
It is hard to get on it .
Universum says BP is great to black people .
This is not what you ’d expect from a bunch of red neck oil people !
The Human Rights Council only has 100 companies on their list — and they check each carefully .
BP joined BSR , UN Global Compact , and Carbon Disclosure Project .
Joining these groups does not prove BP is good .
But , it does say they care about transparency and communication — one valid component of social responsibility .
Someone using our system could knock BP for their involvement in military contracting or for their pollution problems .
Some people will want to be anti any company that pumps oil or that does any kind of resource extraction .
That is OK , because we are not saying there is a “ right ” overall number for BP or that they should always be a top company .
However , looking at them broadly and fairly , they are not that bad — and they are certainly as good or better than most of the rest of the oil industry .
And based on that , he concluded : I do n’t think the mistakes they ’ve made changed their intentions or erased the reality of the hundreds of positive programs and initiatives they put in place over the last twenty years .
Yves here .
This , of course , is halo effect , the tendency to see people , or in this case businesses , as all good or all bad .
BP does well on CSR metrics , ergo it ca n’t be all bad .
But this misses the point .
The multi-billions of damage , and real possibility of lasting environmental damage , particularly if it is the result of gross negligence , does indeed more than cancel out whatever positive BP may have done in the past .
That is something its defenders appear unable to recognize .
It gets worse .
Before I go any further , keep in mind , Wellpoint has more customers than any other U.S. health insurance company .
And it should be clear to everyone that the thugs who run this company have every intention of gaming the new law at every opportunity .
They reward their executives very well for their predatory business practices .
The CEO of Wellpoint Angela Braly 2009 compensation package skyrocketed 51 percent from 2008 to $ 13.1 million .
Wellpoint already busted for gaming medical loss ratios .
Wellpoint got busted out of the box for gaming the medical loss ratio requirements the new law mandates .
Now Wellpoint is busted for targeting breast cancer patients .
Now , Wellpoint is busted for routinely and savagely canceling the policies of women with breast cancer .
This is chilling , and certainly fills me with fear about what these predatory companies will think of next , to stay one step ahead of the law .
When will the elected class begin to include jail as the only remedy for the executives like Angela Braly of Wellpoint , who endorse these illegal activities ?
None of the women knew about the others .
But besides their similar narratives , they had something else in common :
Their health insurance carriers were subsidiaries of WellPoint , which has 33.7 million policyholders -- more than any other health insurance company in the United States .
The women all paid their premiums on time .
Before they fell ill , none had any problems with their insurance .
Initially , they believed their policies had been canceled by mistake .
They had no idea that WellPoint was using a computer algorithm that automatically targeted them and every other policyholder recently diagnosed with breast cancer .
The software triggered an immediate fraud investigation , as the company searched for some pretext to drop their policies , according to government regulators and investigators .
Once the women were singled out , they say , the insurer then canceled their policies based on either erroneous or flimsy information .
WellPoint declined to comment on the women 's specific cases without a signed waiver from them , citing privacy laws .
The New legislation lacks teeth and must be improved .
Many critics worry the new law will not lead to an end of these practices .
Some state and federal regulators -- as well as investigators , congressional staffers and academic experts -- say the health care legislation lacks teeth , at least in terms of enforcement or regulatory powers to either stop or even substantially reduce rescission .
Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act lobbied to death .
Tragically , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , was lobbied to death , and at this point , without new laws and enforceable regulations , many believe it lacks the teeth to effectively end these egregious insurer atrocities .
. . . During the recent legislative process for the reform law , however , lobbyists for WellPoint and other top insurance companies successfully fought proposed provisions of the legislation .
In particular , they complained about rules that would have made it more difficult for the companies to fairly -- or unfairly -- cancel policyholders .
For example , an early version of the health care bill passed by the House of Representatives would have created a Federal Office of Health Insurance Oversight to monitor and regulate insurance practices like rescission .
Well Point lobbyists pressed for the proposed agency to not be included in the final bill signed into law by the president .
They also helped quash proposed provisions that would have required a third party review of its or any other insurance company 's decision to cancel a customer 's policy .
What insurers hate the most : Breast cancer and pregnancy .
INSURERS ' ANATHEMA : BREAST CANCER AND PREGNANCY
The cancellation of her health insurance in June 2008 forced Robin Beaton to delay cancer surgery by five months .
In that time , the tumor in her breast grew from 2 centimeters to 7 centimeters .
Two months before Beaton 's policy was dropped , Patricia Relling also was diagnosed with breast cancer .
Anthem Blue Cross of Kentucky , a WellPoint subsidiary , paid the bills for a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery .
But the following January , after Relling suffered a life - threatening staph infection requiring two emergency surgeries in three days , Anthem balked and refused to pay more .
They soon canceled her insurance entirely .
Unable to afford additional necessary surgeries for nearly 16 months , Relling ended up severely disabled and largely confined to her home .
As a result of her crushing medical bills , the once well - to - do businesswoman is now dependent on food stamps .
The fight for sweeping and strong regulations of the insurance industry continues .
This is why slinkerwink , I and others have urged everyone to respond to the HHS call for comments on how this predatory industry must be regulated .
Though , thus far , HHS has asked for comments only on medical loss ratios , and premium price gouging .
Regulating this industry wo n't be easy .
Jeff Isaacs is a former federal prosecutor .
Isaacs is a former federal prosecutor who spent much of his time with the U.S. Justice Department investigating corporate wrongdoing .
Among state and federal regulators , he is now considered one of the toughest and most experienced foes of the health insurance industry .
He has hired retired FBI agents to investigate full - time the practices of WellPoint and its Anthem Blue Cross subsidiary in California .
Still , Isaacs feels outgunned : " The industry just has these tremendous financial , legal and political resources that others do n't , " he said .
" In my own state , regulators are often afraid or unwilling to go up against them .
It is hard to figure out what the future brings . " . . . As part of his investigation , Isaacs has sought information from WellPoint about its use of algorithms to single out women with breast cancer or who are pregnant .
The company has fought him vigorously and so far largely kept information from him , Isaacs said .
As I 've told you , slinkerwink and I are very close to launching a web site which we believe will help Americans fight this murderous industry .
We welcome and thank you for your support in fighting insurer atrocities .
The funds donated to the Progressive Congress Action Fund , a 501 ( C ) 4 not for profit , will be used to advocate on behalf of the progressive agenda , to advance progressive legislation , and may include payments to individuals engaged in fund raising .
Commercial fishermen may lose their livelihoods to the Gulf oil spill , but it ’s the little things that count , right ?
The United Commercial Fisherman ’s Association ( UCFA ) scored a temporary restraining order against BP this week , requiring the company to claim responsibility for hazardous chemical exposure oversight for fishermen involved in the oil spill cleanup effort .
The UCFA explains :
In order to protect their homes and livelihood , commercial fishermen in Louisiana and other Gulf States have volunteered to assist BP in its clean - up efforts and have entered into agreements known as the Master Vessel Charter Agreement ( MVCA ) requiring them to provide the services of “ tending or deploying boom and skimming equipment , skimming equipment , skimming operations , recovering oil debris , collecting garbage , assistance with wildlife operations and towing equipment . ”
Certain sections of the MVCA , which required fishermen to waive their legal and other constitutional rights in order to be employed , were declared void by the U.S. District Court earlier this week because of emergency legal actions taken by Mr. Barisich and his attorneys .
BP actually claimed that the inclusion of the waiver was a mistake–a prospect we find hard to believe .
Regardless , BP now has to provide fishermen with proper equipment , train them in haz - mat protocol , and generally make sure that the volunteers do n’t get hurt because of exposure to toxic oil goop .
You know , things they should have been doing from the beginning .
NORRISTOWN , Pa. —
A Montgomery County woman accused of poisoning her pets so they could “ be together in heaven ” has been found not guilty of animal cruelty by reason of insanity .
Montgomery County Judge Steven O’Neill found Linda Muchnick , 57 , of Pottstown , was suffering from a mental illness that prevented her from knowing right from wrong after 12 of her cats were found dead inside her home last year .
Mental health experts testified that financial problems prompted Muchnick to feed her 29 cats and one dog rat poison .
Muchnick was also hospitalized after she was discovered unresponsive when investigators came to her home in August .
Defense attorney Adam Katzman says his client hopes to get back the 17 surviving cats and the dog .
Prosecutors say they ’ll oppose Muchnick ’s attempts to reclaim the animals .
They have a “ pay what you want ” promotion this week for the folks who have kids and want to try it out – it would be interesting if future versions included Scratch and the Arduino IDE so kids can program and also do some electronics .
Having this all on a bootable “ live cd ” would be good too 🙂
Kiddix can be installed on most PC ’s and is easy to setup and completely hassle - free .
The Kiddix Platform is a complete operating system and software environment for children , built from the ground up with your family ’s needs and safety in mind .
Adafruit has had paid day off for voting for our team for years , if you need help getting that going for your organization , let us know – we can share how and why we did this as well as the good results .
Here are some resources for voting by mail , voting in person , and some NY resources for our NY based teams as well .
If there are additional resources to add , please let us know – adafruit.com / vote
Stop breadboarding and soldering – start making immediately !
Adafruit ’s Circuit Playground is jam - packed with LEDs , sensors , buttons , alligator clip pads and more .
Build projects with Circuit Playground in a few minutes with the drag - and - drop MakeCode programming site , learn computer science using the CS Discoveries class on code.org , jump into CircuitPython to learn Python and hardware together , TinyGO , or even use the Arduino IDE .
Circuit Playground Express is the newest and best Circuit Playground board , with support for CircuitPython , MakeCode , and Arduino .
It has a powerful processor , 10 NeoPixels , mini speaker , InfraRed receive and transmit , two buttons , a switch , 14 alligator clip pads , and lots of sensors : capacitive touch , IR proximity , temperature , light , motion and sound .
A whole wide world of electronics and coding is waiting for you , and it fits in the palm of your hand .
Join 24,000 + makers on Adafruit ’s Discord channels and be part of the community !
http://adafru.it/discord
Have an amazing project to share ?
The Electronics Show and Tell is every Wednesday at 7 pm ET !
To join , head over to YouTube and check out the show ’s live chat – we ’ll post the link there .
Join us every Wednesday night at 8 pm ET for Ask an Engineer !
Follow Adafruit on Instagram for top secret new products , behinds the scenes and more https://www.instagram.com/adafruit/
CircuitPython –
The easiest way to program microcontrollers – CircuitPython.org
Getting the hobbyist back
10:18 pm
Dave Neary
When I first installed a Linux distribution in 1996 or 97 , it was a horrible experience .
My friend who had started a few months before me thought it was great , though – I remember , it was Red Hat 5 , the first version that had an ncurses installer that helped you through the process .
I was confronted with dozens of questions I knew nothing about and was n’t equipped to answer .
Did I want to create a primary or secondary partition ?
What was its mount point and filesystem type going to be ?
What was the manufacturer of my video card ?
What resolution & refresh rate did I need for my monitor ( WARNING : the wrong answer can make your monitor explode ! ) ?
What was my IP address , netmask , gateway , DNS server ?
What keymap did I want for my keyboard ?
Was my NIC using ISA or PCI ?
Was it 10 baseT or 100 baseT ?
Which driver did it need ?
Was my mouse a PS / 2 , serial , Microsoft or “ Other ” ( there was always an “ Other ” ) ?
And on and on it went .
How the hell did I know ?
What did I care ?
But it was a learning experience .
Installing Linux was the period in my life where I learned the most about how computers worked , hardware and software .
Back then , if you wanted to try out an application you heard about , there was only one way to do it – download the source code and compile it .
I had a wad of software in /usr / local , including MySQL , the GIMP , Scilab , and a bunch of other stuff I ’ve forgotten .
There was no online distribution channel .
Free software developers did n’t do packaging , there were no PPAs .
If it did n’t come on the install CD , it needed compiling .
It was n’t better .
There were fewer of us .
Linux had a name as a hobbyist ’s toy for a reason .
Those of us that there were had a certain minimum knowledge of our systems .
You knew shell commands because there was no other way to do anything .
Everyone knew about fstab and resolv.conf and ld.so.conf and compiling kernel modules , because you had to .
And every time you installed software , you had the source code – right there on your computer .
And you knew how to compile it .
I do n’t know if I would ever made a patch for the GIMP if I did n’t have the source code and had already gone through the pain of compiling & installing all its dependencies .
I doubt it very much .
And yet that ’s the situation that the vast majority of Linux users are in today – they have never compiled any software , or learned about the nuts & bolts of their OS , because they do n’t have to .
I remember Nat Friedman talking about this in a presentation he made a few years ago about how to become a free software developer .
Step 1 was “ download some source code ” , step 2 was “ compile and install it ” , step 3 was “ Find something you want to change , and change it ” .
And I recall that Nat identified step 2 as the major stumbling block .
We have bred a generation of free software users who have never compiled software , and do n’t particularly care to .
Is it any wonder that recruitment of developers appears to be slowing , that prominent older projects are suffering something of a demographic crisis , with hoary old 30 year olds holding down the fort , with no young fiery whippersnappers coming up to relieve them ?
Is this a problem ?
It seems like it to me – so I ask the question to a wider audience .
With a second question : how can we get the hobbyist back into using free software , at least for some part of our community ?
Like anyone , this guy seems to have just existed .
He went to work on time and did everything he was supposed to do .
But some people got worked up about it so now he 's fired .
The kicker ?
Even though this seems like a backwards policy that hurts a significant portion of the Democratic electorate , the policy was introduced by a well known Democrat !
What are we doing ?
It 's just stayed that way for fifteen years , unquestioned .
Obviously a majority of the people would n't be behind something like this , and efforts are trying to be made to stop this shit .
The legislators and people involved want to study the issue for the next year .
Can you believe that ?
This place is fucking firing people all the time for stupid reasons and the best they can do is say , well , we 'll study this and decide how best to stop firing gay people .
They could just stop , and should 've stopped before this guy .
And worse ?
They are thinking about creating a website where people can anonymously give their opinions on whether or not gays should be ALLOWED their jobs !
That 's how they expect to solve this : through a year long study and an anonymous program where bigots can openly bash their gay coworkers .
How is this moral ?
I do n't get it .
Gays are really getting hurt by all of this , you could imagine .
Even those who have no interest in working at this place live with that hanging over our heads : there 's always somewhere gays are not good enough for .
There 's always something we can't do .
There is a remedy to this .
There 's a little less than sixty days now , a short window , in which they can end this policy the easiest .
The problem is the bosses do n't want to upset those " victims " - the same ones they 're seeking anonymous advice from - and instead want to just wait and see what the study says and what the anonymous bigots tell them .
And that 's how they 'll decide whether or not to fix this outdated and immoral policy .
I for one am holding out hope for that easier fix .
That 's the best way to do this .
These people need to know that .
No gay person should have to live with this hanging over their heads for their whole lives .
It 's unfair .
We 're not doing anything wrong .
I 'm sorry about others ' discomfort but that 's not my fault .
How can we be held responsible for others ' feelings ?
I just thought I would bring this travesty to your attention .
Maybe someone will do something .
UPDATE : I have to go visit my mom now .
Did n't expect this post to take off the way it did .
I 'll reply to comments when I get back though .
( AP ) --
Ten minutes of brisk exercise triggers metabolic changes that last at least an hour .
The unfair news for panting newbies :
The more fit you are , the more benefits you just might be getting .
We all know that exercise and a good diet are important for health , protecting against heart disease and diabetes , among other conditions .
But what exactly causes the health improvement from working up a sweat or from eating , say , more olive oil than saturated fat ?
And are some people biologically predisposed to get more benefit than others ?
They 're among questions that metabolic profiling , a new field called metabolomics , aims to answer in hopes of one day optimizing those benefits - or finding patterns that may signal risk for disease and new ways to treat it .
" We 're only beginning to catalog the metabolic variability between people , " says Dr. Robert Gerszten of Massachusetts General Hospital , whose team just took a step toward that goal .
The researchers measured biochemical changes in the blood of a variety of people : the healthy middle - aged , some who became short of breath with exertion , and marathon runners .
First , in 70 healthy people put on a treadmill , the team found more than 20 metabolites that change during exercise , naturally produced compounds involved in burning calories and fat and improving blood - sugar control .
Some were n't known until now to be involved with exercise .
Some revved up during exercise , like those involved in processing fat .
Others involved with cellular stress decreased with exercise .
Those are pretty wonky findings , a first step in a complex field .
But they back today 's health advice that even brief bouts of activity are good .
" Ten minutes of exercise has at least an hour of effects on your body , " says Gerszten , who found some of the metabolic changes that began after 10 minutes on the treadmill still were measurable 60 minutes after people cooled down .
Your heart rate rapidly drops back to normal when you quit moving , usually in 10 minutes or so .
So finding lingering biochemical changes offers what Gerszten calls " tantalizing evidence " of how exercise may be building up longer - term benefits .
Back to the blood .
Thinner people had greater increases in a metabolite named niacinamide , a nutrient byproduct that 's involved in blood - sugar control , the team from Mass General and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard reported last week in the journal Science Translational Medicine .
Checking a metabolite of fat breakdown , the team found people who were more fit - as measured by oxygen intake during exercise - appeared to be burning more fat than the less fit , or than people with shortness of breath , a possible symptom of heart disease .
The extremely fit - 25 Boston Marathon runners - had ten - fold increases in that metabolite after the race .
Still other differences in metabolites allowed the researchers to tell which runners had finished in under four hours and which were n't as speedy .
" We have a chemical snapshot of what the more fit person looks like .
Now we have to see if making someone 's metabolism look like that snapshot , whether or not that 's going to improve their performance , " says Gerszten , whose ultimate goal is better cardiac care .
Do n't expect a pill ever to substitute for a workout - the new work shows how complicated the body 's response to exercise is , says metabolomics researcher Dr. Debbie Muoio of Duke University Medical Center .
But scientists are hunting nutritional compounds that might help tweak metabolic processes in specific ways .
For example , Muoio discovered the muscles of diabetic animals lack enough of a metabolite named carnitine , and that feeding them more improved their control of blood sugar .
Now , Muoio is beginning a pilot study in 25 older adults with pre-diabetes to see if carnitine supplements might work similarly in people who lack enough .
Next up : With University of Vermont researchers , she 's testing how metabolic changes correlate with health measures in a study of people who alternate between a carefully controlled Mediterranean diet and higher - fat diets .
" The longterm hope is you could use this in making our way toward personalized medicine , " Muoio says .
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Scalable Work Queues with Beanstalk
Any web application that reaches some critical mass eventually discovers that separation of services , where possible , is a great strategy for scaling the service .
In fact , oftentimes a user action can be offloaded into a background task , which can be handled asynchronously while the user continues to explore the site .
However , coordinating this workflow does require some infrastructure : a message queue , or a work queue .
The distinction between the two is subtle and blurry , but it does carry important architectural implications .
Should you pick a messaging bus such as AMQP or XMPP , roll your own database backed system such as BJ , go with Resque , or evaluate the other three dozen variants available in every conceivable language ?
Of course , there is no single answer to that question - it depends on your application .
AMQP is a great power tool for message routing , but there are other systems that can do a better job at specific tasks .
One of such tools is Beanstalkd , which is a simple , and a very fast work queue service rolled into a single binary - it is the memcached of work queues .
Originally built to power the backend for Causes Facebook app , it is a mature and production ready open source project .
It just seems that not too many people talk about it , perhaps exactly because it works so well .
Beanstalkd Features & Recipes
Adam Wiggins recently published a great comparison of Beanstalk to a few other work - queue services , and speed is where it stands out .
A single instance of Beanstalk is perfectly capable of handling thousands of jobs a second ( or more , depending on your job size ) because it is an in - memory , event - driven system .
Powered by libevent under the hood , it requires zero setup ( launch and forget , ala memcached ) , optional log based persistence , an easily parsed ASCII protocol , and a rich set of tools for job management that go well beyond a simple FIFO work queue .
Out of the box , Beanstalk supports multiple ‘ tubes ’ ( work queues ) , which are created and deleted on demand .
In turn , each job is associated with a single tube , and has a number of parameters : priority , time to run , delay , an id , and an opaque job body itself .
Once a job is inserted into the work queue , the server returns an ID , which we can use to inspect the job .
From there , the queue itself is actually a priority heap !
Need to jump a head in line ?
Set a higher priority on the job and Beanstalk will do the rest .
Or , what if your worker goes down while processing a job ?
Because you specified a time to run on the job , Beanstalk will monitor the checked out job and put it back on the work queue if the timeout expires - seamless recovery , nice .
Does the worker need more time to complete the job ?
There is a ‘ touch ’ command to notify the server to prolong the timeout .
Have a bad job that you want to save for later inspection ?
Just bury it and take care of it later .
Need to throttle all of the workers ?
You can pause the tube for a specified period of time .
And there is more , do checkout the protocol specification .
Beanstalk at PostRank : Chronos
At PostRank we have dozens of Beanstalk processes sprinkled throughout which are being used for job management within the same machine and coordination between entire clusters .
The larger deployments , which are the front - line coordinators to our crawlers are serving 50 + million jobs on a daily basis ( average job is several kb ) , without breaking a sweat .
On average , each job is just several kilobytes , but the numbers add up , meaning that a pure memory system would require 60 GB + of RAM to make it work for our use case .
That is where the Beanstalk ASCII protocol , good old MySQL , and a little Ruby come together to create our scheduling system : Chronos .
The idea behind Chronos is based on a simple observation : we have tens of millions of crawler jobs , each of which is repeated on a custom interval , but only a small portion of that entire set needs to be in memory to make the system run !
So , out of that observation , two projects were born : em - jack and em-proxy .
EM - Jack is a Ruby Eventmachine client , which provides a simple mechanism to define custom command handlers that go beyond the native Beanstalk protocol .
On the other hand , em- proxy is a protocol agnostic ( layer 3 ) proxy , which allows us to intercept any TCP data stream and manipulate it at will .
So , instead of talking directly to Beanstalk , all the traffic is routed through our custom em-proxy ( ~150 LOC ) which parses the Beanstalk protocol , intercepts custom commands , or simply inspects the “ delay ” parameter , and decides where the job should be routed : beanstalk or the MySQL instance .
Jobs that are scheduled at least one hour into the future are persisted into the database , which significantly reduces the memory footprint .
Finally , in the background , the upcoming jobs are silently loaded into beanstalk as their execution time approaches .
Simple , reliable , scales well , and it gives us all the features available in Beanstalk for job management and coordination ( plus persistence and replication of MySQL ) .
A quick API demo :
EM . run do jack = EMJack :: Connection .
new r = jack .
put ( " my message " , : ttr => 300 ) { | jobid | puts " put successful #{ jobid } " } j = jack .
reserve j .
callback do | job | puts job .
jobid puts job .
body jack .
delete ( job ) { puts " Successfully deleted " } end end
em - jack -
An evented beanstalk client
Architecture Limitations and Alternatives
There is an abundance of different job and message queue systems , in part because they are so seemingly simple to write .
However , if you ever tried to build your own , you will also know that the scaling and the features available in Beanstalk are non-trivial to replicate .
However , there are a few limitations as well .
Beanstalk does not currently support replication or any other form of high availability .
Likewise , there is no native sharding ( a few clients support it ) , or a native GUI .
Other then that , it works , it is fast , it is easy to extend , and it is definitely worth a test drive .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Let us contrast reality to the fantasy that Big Oil projects for us on our television screens .
I have long despised the character of the lady in pantsuits , played by Brooke Alexander , who assures us , in the Energy Tomorrow ads , that we really , really need Big Oil ’s products .
Yeah , like we need a hole in the head .
I think Ms. Alexander , who used to play a con artist on As the World Turns , should be required , while speaking , to be smeared with black oil– sort of like Shakira in “ La Tortura ” – instead of showing off that crisp and supercilious outfit .
I am fit to be tied that President Obama seems to have fallen under that baleful character ’s spell , and is planning to vastly expand the scope of offshore drilling — setting us up for more environmental catastrophes , both from spills and again when the stuff is burned and enters the atmosphere as carbon .
So here is the coverage of the massive BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico by PBS ’s Lehrer Newshour , noting that as much as 5,000 barrels a day could be spilled onto the shoreline — killing fish , wildlife , beaches , tourism , and adding insult to injury for many coast families who have still not recovered from Hurricane Katrina .
BP ’s first - quarter profits this year , by the way , rose to $ 6.1 billion from $ 2.6 billion in 2009 !
Contrast that report to this Energy Tomorrow commercial ( paid for by the American Petroleum Institute ) , which plays the following tricks :
1 . By saying we need energy from “ all ” sources , it implies that hydrocarbons must be part of the mix and are as desirable as alternative green energy .
But this is a lie , at least in the long term .
2 . It ignores the enormous damage to the environment caused by pumping more carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas , into the atmosphere .
3 . It alleges that Congress has put “ much ” of US energy resources out of play for development .
But all offshore petroleum in the lower 48 if it were drilled could only supply about 400,000 barrels a day of oil .
In a good economy the US uses 20 - 21 million barrels a day , so all that offshore drilling would yield a mere drop in the bucket .
That is n’t “ much . ”
4 . It ignores the ways in which increased fuel efficiency would actually reduce US dependence on foreign oil far more than offshore drilling would .
PRNewswire notes in connection with the Mercedes Benz hybrid , “ According to the EPA , the nation would save 1.4 million barrels of oil a day if just one third of all light - duty vehicles in the USA were state - of - the - art diesel vehicles . ”
5 . It ignores the environmental damage to beaches and wildlife and tourism of the inevitable oil spills .
BP , by the way , is British Petroleum , a descendant of the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company .
The Iranian parliament asked for a better deal from the AIOC in the late 1940s and early 1950s ( they wanted a 50/50 cut of the profits , which was what ARAMCO offered Saudi Arabia ) .
The AIOC absolutely refused .
In response , the Iranian parliament nationalized the AIOC holdings in 1951 .
It was in order to restore Western Big Oil to its Iranian holdings that the CIA overthrew the democratically elected government of Iran in 1953 , putting the shah back on the throne as a megalomaniacal capitalist dictator and puppet of Washington .
The enraged Iranian public overthrew the shah in 1978 - 79 , establishing the Islamic Republic that has been a thorn in Washington ’s side ever since .
So , BP ’s earlier arrogance helped produce our current crisis with Iran , just as it ’s current incompetence has produced the massive Delaware - sized oil slick now devouring Louisiana .
Shell yesterday pushed ahead with plans to drill in the Arctic Sea this summer , defying calls for a moratorium on offshore exploration in the pristine wilderness following the Gulf of Mexico disaster .
California 's governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , this month scrapped plans to allow offshore drilling in the state for the first time in more than 40 years and environmentalists have called for a halt in the Arctic after President Obama opened up the area to drilling for the first time last month .
However , Shell today refiled its drilling programme with the US authorities after being required to review its safety procedures following the Gulf spill and awaits final permits .
The industry will drill the first - ever large wells in the Chukchi and Beaufort seas in the Arctic , which are estimated to hold 27bn barrels of oil and gas .
Shell chief executive Peter Voser told shareholders at the company 's annual meeting that it would only drill there if it thought it could be done " safely and responsibly " .
" The characteristics of the offshore fields are different to those in the Gulf of Mexico – we go less deep so there is less pressure , " he said .
" The world needs these fossil resources in the longer term . "
Voser said Shell had spent $ 2bn ( £ 1.38 bn ) to secure the permits .
Shell also managed to beat off a sizeable rebellion over its controversial oil sands operations in Canada .
Nevertheless , one in 10 shareholders either voted for or abstained on a resolution calling for Shell to carry out a full public audit of the environmental and financial impact of the operations .
The Shell board , which was criticised for placing the resolution at the end of the six - hour meeting 's agenda , had urged shareholders to vote against it .
Oil sands projects result in three times as many carbon emissions as conventional oil production and also require vast amounts of water to process .
They are also very expensive , requiring oil prices of at least $ 70 a barrel to be economic .
The coalition of investors who had tabled the special resolution , led by investment charity FairPensions and Co-operative Asset Management , say that oil sands are not financially viable as environmental regulations will grow , adding to production and possible clean - up costs .
They also argue that high oil prices are not sustainable because they will encourage the world to use alternative forms of energy instead .
After the resolution was tabled , Shell responded by publishing a report in March pulling together information already in the public domain about the operations , which will almost double production in several years .
Proceedings were marginally enlivened when one environmental investor who was asking a question broke out in song : " A world running for profit takes us to the edge , stop now think ahead . "
Representative Randy Neugebauer of Texas admitted that he was the Republican congressman who yelled “ it ’s a baby killer ” on the floor of the House when pro-life Democrat Bart Stupak was discussing amendments to the health care bill .
Not surprisingly , he ’s also one of the early proponents of a bill that would require presidential candidates to provide their birth certificates to be eligible to run for office .
When asked if he thought Obama was a citizen , he responded : “ You know I do n’t know .
I ’ve never seen him produce documents that would say one way or another . ”
In 1937 an amateur American astronomer named Grote Reber completed construction of a 9 meter radio telescope in his back garden .
By 1940 he had verified that there were radio signals coming from the heavens and by 1943 he had completed a radio frequency map of the sky .
Reber , with his enormous hand - built dish , kick started radio astronomy and eventually sold his invention to the US government .
One of the biggest advances in the understanding of genetic inheritance was made by Gregor Mendel .
Mendel was a Augustinian priest .
In 1866 his paper on plant hybridization ( Mendel had spent years observing and experimenting with pea plants ) showed the existence of dominant and recessive genes .
Mendel 's discoveries went largely unnoticed until rediscovered two professional scienstists .
Amateurs like Reber and Mendel have made enormous contributions to science ever since science was called natural philosophy .
So it 's dismaying to see a professor from Oxford University write in The Guardian : " The most effective people at finding errors in scientific reasearch are scientists : it was professional glaciologists , after all , who exposed the error in the IPCC 2007 case study of Himalayan glaciers . "
To exclude the amateur is to deny a large part of the history of science .
Another amateur who made a big impact on science is Albert Einstein .
Although Einstein had received a scientific education ( after having been refused entry to the prestigious ETH Zurich ) he was unable to find a research post and did all his pioneering work while working for the Swiss Patent Office .
I 'm no Reber , Mendel or Einstein , but do n't rule us amateurs out .
In December 2009 the Met Office released thousands of records of temperature readings from around the globe stretching from the present day to 1850 .
These records form a vital part of the evidence that the globe is warming and the climate changing .
I thought it would be a fun hobby project to use those records to reproduce the worrying charts that show the increase in global temperatures .
Since I 'm a professional computer programmer I wrote software to process the Met Office data .
You can see the result in this YouTube video .
Because I was working with unfamiliar data I put special functions into my program to ensure that I was n't making any mistakes .
To my surprise these functions began reporting that there was something wrong with temperature data in Australia and New Zealand .
I whipped out a pocket calculator and checked that my program was n't mistaken and then reported the problems to the Met Office .
They quickly acknowledged that I was right .
Last month the Met Office released an update to CRUTEM3 and HADCRUT3 , the critical data sets used to track global warming .
The new version contains corrections for all the errors I reported .
Making a distinction between professional and amateur in science is artificial : what matters is the ' what ' of science not the ' who ' .
And amateurs have by their very nature something that professionals do n't need to have : passion .
Without the comfort of a tenured position , a subsidized bed in an ivory tower , or a well funded laboratory , the only thing keeping amateurs going is a love for their subject .
In the comments a professional scientist wrote to object to my final paragraph .
I urge you to read his comment since it makes good points .
In my defense I did n't mean to say that professional scientists lack passion , just that that 's all the amateurs have got .
His point is that professionals need to have passion because the funding environment for science is so bad that they 're certainly not in it for the money or security !
Labels : climate change , pseudo - randomness
So : the weirdest election in history has produced the weirdest government imaginable .
Well , almost .
If Cameron had formed a coalition with the cast of Bergerac , that would be weirder – but only by about seven per cent .
The worst part is working out who to hate , and why .
I was eight when Thatcher got in , and did n't really understand what was happening .
Nonetheless , before long the Tories had replaced the Cybermen as my number one bogeymen .
At first there was a simple , visceral reason for this : they seemed alarmingly gung - ho about nuclear war .
They believed nuclear missiles were an effective deterrent , and furthermore , that a nuclear war might be winnable anyway .
I was opposed to all kinds of nuclear war – even little ones between neighbouring Welsh counties were simply not on , in my book .
It was my understanding that these things tended to spiral out of control , and burning to death in a massive exploding fireball did n't rank very high on my list of hopes and dreams for the future .
( My paranoia was n't that far off , as it happens .
According to the book Rendez - Vous : The Psychoanalysis of François Mitterrand , at the height of the Falklands war , Thatcher threatened to nuke Argentina unless President Mitterrand handed over disabling codes for the French - built Exocet missiles which were pounding British ships .
If that was true , and had actually happened , you would n't be reading the Guardian right now – you'd be fighting a giant scorpion to impress the village elders . )
As if plotting to destroy the world was n't bad enough , the Conservatives went on to preside over the most wilfully obnoxious and polarising decade imaginable : braying yuppies at one extreme , penniless strikers at the other .
The Tories were n't just nasty – they seemed to actively enjoy being nasty .
And there was no getting rid of them , even when Thatcher got the boot .
Consequently , an entire generation grew up regarding the Tory government as something like rain , or wasps , or stomach flu : an unavoidable , undying source of dismay .
Until 1997 , when they were eradicated overnight .
It was as if scientists had suddenly discovered a cure for the common cold .
A permanent millstone – gone !
The initial glow of jubilation never completely faded .
For years afterwards , simply knowing the Conservatives were n't in power left me mildly delighted on a daily basis .
Even when Blair and co turned out to be so disappointing , I could console myself with the thought that the Conservatives would have been even worse .
OK , so Labour started an illegal war .
The Tories would 've started six – four of them nuclear .
So what if the rich / poor divide grew bigger under Labour ?
The Tories would 've reopened the mines just so they could enjoy closing them again , right ?
Then they 'd fill them full of tramp corpses and raze the surrounding communities to the ground , yeah ?
Yeah .
As this year 's election crept closer , and a Conservative government appeared ever more likely , the Tories became meaningful bogeymen once again .
The fact that Cameron generally looks and sounds even less sincere than Blair ever managed to , meant that the more he professed to be caring , the more sinister he became .
Around a year ago , it seemed clear that Cameron would be PM and that , after six weeks in power , the mask would slip and he 'd legalise the hunting of single mums .
The BBC website would be deleted and replaced with a 24 - hour Sky news propaganda feed .
Thatcher would be commemorated on banknotes .
Drunk with power , Cameron would issue breathtakingly heartless decrees from his onyx throne , while Andy Coulson squatted at his feet , cackling like Gollum and drinking from a skull .
But instead we 've got this . . . coalition thing .
This disorientating mash - up .
Cameron and Clegg engaging in public foreplay .
A sour Tory cookie with chunks of Lib Dem chocolate .
Even the prospect of George Osborne as chancellor seems less chilling in the knowledge that Vince Cable can pop his head round the door from time to time , if only to pull disapproving faces .
If the Tories had won more seats , or slogged on as a minority government , at least we'd have a clear set of hate figures we could start despising immediately .
Instead , we 've got the Nazis forming an alliance with the Smurfs .
We could n't even hate the Tories for looking smug on the steps of Downing Street – partly because Downing Street does n't have steps , but mainly because the result forced a helping of humble pie down their necks , which they swallowed with infuriating good grace .
Cameron appears to be making a sincere attempt to permanently drag his party toward more moderate ground , which is a crushing blow for those of us who were expecting outright malevolence from day one .
Then there 's the scrapping of ID cards and limits on the spread of CCTV , which is genuinely refreshing .
What next ?
Harsh new punishments for anyone caught snooping on private voicemails ?
Chances are , Coulson 's typing up a cheery press release on that very subject right now .
As long - dreaded bogeymen , these 21st - century Tories are proving a damp squib , like the brightly coloured Daleks .
No doubt they 'll do something horrific fairly soon , but so far they have n't quite obliged , thereby depriving us all of a good cathartic hate - in .
I always knew the Tories were selfish at heart , but this really takes the biscuit .
Why can't they just be massively and obviously unreasonable from the outset , like they 're supposed to ?
If all this pragmatism and inclusion they 're apparently demonstrating does n't turn out to be a cynical ruse , I 'll be sorely disappointed .
In the meantime , we 'll just have to wait for them to do something unequivocally shitty before we can say " I told you so " – unless the whole " 55 % majority " thing turns out to be their equivalent of Hitler 's enabling act , which strikes me as unlikely at the time of writing , since even constitutional experts can't agree whether it's a disgraceful abuse of democracy or nothing to worry about .
But by all means remind me of my nonchalance on this subject in four years ' time , when we 're being issued uniforms and ushered down the bunkers .
Unless it 's illegal for citizens to converse by then , in which case simply arch your eyebrows and shrug a bit , and I 'll know what you mean .
Icesave , the UK online bank owned by Landsbanki , had 229,000 British depositors , all of whom were covered by the Treasury guarantee
Investigators probing the collapse of the Icelandic bank Landsbanki are to seek up to $ 2bn ( £ 1.37 bn ) in damages from its former owners and directors as the authorities in Reykjavik prepare legal action against those involved in the collapse of the country 's banking sector .
The winding - up committee of Landsbanki , which was nationalised by the Icelandic government in 2008 , will demand compensation for the failure of the bank from three former owners and its two chief executives , according to reports .
Landsbanki was the owner of Icesave , the UK online savings bank that had 229,000 British depositors , all of whom were guaranteed their deposits by the former Labour government .
Subsequent efforts to force Iceland to reimburse the Treasury were derailed in March when Iceland 's president , Ólafur Grímsson , called a surprise plebiscite that rejected the repayment terms .
About 98 % voted against the settlement .
Last summer Landsbanki's winding - up committee hired a team of specialists from Deloitte to investigate events at the bank before 2008 .
Herdís Hallmarsdóttir , who is on the winding - up committee , says the investigation is making good progress .
Demands for damages from Landsbanki management and proprietors could come in the next few months .
Two of the three former owners of Landsbanki , Björgólfur Gudmundsson and Magnús Thorsteinsson , are now legally bankrupt .
The third , Björgólfur Thor Björgólfsson , remains liquid .
The chief executives of the bank were Sigurjón Árnason and Halldór J Kristjánsson .
The banking meltdown saw domino failures of Iceland 's three largest banks , Kaupthing , Landsbanki and Glitnir , as well as the collapse of several investment empires , the best known of which in the UK was Baugur , until recently one of the largest and most prolific investors in British high street chains .
The crisis forced the island to seek emergency loans from the International Monetary Fund and others .
Icelandic authorities recently arrested the former chief executive of Kaupthing in the most high profile case so far by prosecutors investigating the country 's banking failures .
He was detained on suspicion of multiple offences , including embezzlement , falsifying documents , and stock and bond trading violations .
The Icelandic investigation into Kaupthing is supported by Britain 's Serious Fraud Office .
Kaupthing had a large operation in the UK and counted the property tycoons Vincent and Robert Tchenguiz among a number of high - profile clients .
Many UK local authorities , charities and individuals lost money in the collapse .
Last week Baugur 's boss , Jon Ásgeir Jóhannesson , and a number of former directors of Glitnir were hit with a $ 2bn US lawsuit that accuses them of a " sweeping conspiracy " to control the bank and , latterly , drain cash out of it - actions that contributed to its eventual collapse .
In Iceland , the main prosecutor , Olafur Hauksson , has repeatedly complained not enough money has been set aside for an investigation of the magnitude he is dealing with .
In the Kaupthing case alone , he announced recently that at least 20 former executives were considered suspects .
Interpol has issued an international arrest appeal for that bank 's former chairman , Sigurdur Einarsson , who lives in London .
An Icelandic parliamentary inquiry into the nation 's financial and economic crisis , published last month , laid much of the blame on the former bank heads , who had taken " inappropriate loans from the banks " they worked for .
In its annual credit report on Iceland , Moody 's said that the country 's economy had stabilised somewhat following its massive banking and currency crisis , but fiscal tightening and weak investment would cause the recession to linger well into 2010 .
The recovery is also threatened by the continued failure to reach an agreement over the terms of repaying the UK and the Netherlands for their citizens '
Icesave deposits .
Failure to resolve the dispute has delayed the resumption of financial flows into the country , Moody 's said .
This is either really cool ; or a terrible omen that 2020 's about to get even worse ; or both .
From Smithsonian Magazine : On Saturday , Egypt's Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities announced the discovery of another 14 sealed sarcophagi at the Saqqara necropolis .
Like the 13 wooden coffins excavated earlier this month , the newly unearthed sarcophagi appear to be …
READ THE REST
Feeling a bit down today ?
Perhaps battling a general malaise ?
Finding it hard to get up and motivated ?
Not anymore !
Diddy has released the trailer for his new Diddy Blog , a blog he promises will be “ the most positive inspirational BLOG in THE WORLD !!!! ”
( Once more : It ’s a trailer for a blog . )
The clip — a montage of dramatic historical moments and icons ( Ali , MLK , Diddy ) , plus a pretty dope scene from 300 — is actually great ( definitely better than the Jonah Hex trailer ) .
Insane , of course , but great .
We ’re certainly feeling more inspired :
The river will carry you !
Create !
Inspire !
Grow !
That ’s it :
Our next blog post making fun of a famous person for doing something crazy is going to be the best blog post making fun of a famous person for doing something crazy ever .
Let ’s goooo !!!
[ Via DailySwarm ]
Massive police build - up for Toronto G20 summit
By Paul Franklin
26 June 2010
A section of the hundreds of police mobilized for an Ontario Coalition Against Poverty ( OCAP ) anti-G8/G20 protest held Friday afternoon at Allan Gardens , which is situated several miles from the summit site .
The police almost out - numbered the 500 protesters .
Canada ’s Conservative government and police - security establishment are using this weekend ’s G20 summit in Toronto ( and the smaller G8 summit in rural Huntsville ) to acclimatize the population to police - state type measures and to refine their repressive techniques and operational capabilities for use in the event of widespread social unrest .
On the eve of the G20 summit meetings , downtown Toronto has all the hallmarks of a city under a state of siege .
Six kilometres of fencing , topped with concertina wire and anchored in concrete encircle the “ red zone ” — the actual meeting area .
Police checkpoints fan out another kilometre from the convention location .
Snipers have been stationed on the city ’s high rise rooftops .
American Navy Seals surreptitiously patrol the harbour .
Police search backpacks in downtown Toronto .
A cop told the two pedestrians in this picture , “ We need to check that you do n’t have any weapons in your bags . ”
Citizens in the vicinity have been instructed to carry picture identification and expect curb - side interrogation by any of the thousands of police officers brought in from across the country .
Canine units wait in the side - streets .
Phalanxes of federal , provincial and municipal police stand at every corner buttressed by more mobile bicycle and horse patrols .
Even truck drivers have been approached to act as “ look - outs ” for the police .
In addition , a thousand private security guards are deployed throughout the city ’s adjacent financial and entertainment districts .
Seventy - seven new closed circuit surveillance cameras monitor all movement on the streets .
Water and sound cannon have been moved into place .
Police helicopters hover constantly overhead .
Security Service operatives sweep through the hotels and Canadian Armed Forces soldiers stand “ on the ready ” at “ undisclosed locations ” .
A US marine helicopter hovers over Toronto ’s financial district Friday morning .
Over the past several weeks scores of anti-G20 activists have received “ visits ” from police at their homes and workplaces .
Police have been instructed to make themselves visible at the organizational meetings of groups protesting the summit .
Other “ undesirables ” — the ubiquitous homeless on downtown streets — have been removed .
Everything is being done to encourage the perception that any expressed anti-government sentiment is beyond the pale , and that hordes of “ Black Bloc Anarchists ” are planning to run riot through the streets of Toronto .
A large , makeshift jail lies behind barbed wire on the grounds of a film production studio awaiting protestor “ intake . ”
Hospitals have been placed on an emergency footing .
Trees have been uprooted so as not to provide “ weaponry ” for the “ extremists ” .
In the press and in the communications issued to government , bank and entertainment workers by their managements , employees are advised “ to hope for the best but expect the worst ” .
Instructions from human resources departments advise to “ dress down ” so as not to invite attacks from protestors .
“ Do n’t talk to demonstrators .
Just turn and walk the other way ” , says one circular distributed to a government department .
“ But what if I agree with them ? ” rejoined one blogger .
Throughout the week , activists campaigning for gender equality , gay and native rights and against war and poverty have mounted small , peaceful and uneventful demonstrations and rallies geared towards “ sending a message ” to the assembled representatives of the global ruling class .
On each occasion there have been more police in attendance than marchers .
Yet this has not stopped the security and human resources departments of the major corporations and financial houses in Toronto ’s main business district — who receive daily briefings from the police — from instructing operational units to switch over to their suburban backup sites , work - at - home or simply close down entirely for the entire week !
Earlier , summit security officials prevailed on the city ’s professional baseball team , the Blue Jays , to relocate a three - game weekend home series against the Phillies to Philadelphia .
By Thursday and Friday , Toronto ’s downtown core had been decidedly depopulated .
The combined price tag to mount the two day G20 summit in Toronto and the smaller gathering Friday of G8 leaders in the resort town of Huntsville north of the city has now reached $ 1.2 billion .
The tally exceeds the $ 898 million spent for over two weeks of security at last February ’s Vancouver Olympics , the $ 30 million spent to secure the London G20 and the $ 18 million outlay for last year ’s event in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The aggressive assertion of state - police power in Canada ’s largest city has been widely condemned by civil liberties and anti-poverty groups and by the unions .
There is also much anecdotal evidence to suggest that many , if not most , Torontonians resent the effective takeover of their city centre by thousands of security personnel and the accompanying restrictions on their civil liberties , viewing this as a highly exaggerated and patently unjustified response to an amorphous “ terrorist threat ” .
Among the ruling elite , however , there is overwhelming support .
Globe and Mail columnist Marcus Gee , who came to prominence as an early and enthusiastic proponent of the illegal 2003 US - British invasion of Iraq , penned a column this week that argued “ the helicopters , the water cannons , the ugly fence , the countless cops ” would be almost entirely “ unnecessary if ” anti-G20 protesters “ simply agreed to renounce violence ” .
Although the groups protesting against the G8 and G20 have all but unanimously condemned violence , Gee claimed this to be “ something they consistently refuse to do ” .
Security forces have claimed the right to take over Toronto ’s financial district under the federal Foreign Missions and International Organizations Act .
Following the 2001 demonstrations against the Summit of the Americas in Quebec City , the Liberal government of Jean Chretien amended the act to stipulate that “ the Royal Canadian Mounted Police may take appropriate measures , including controlling , limiting or prohibiting access to any area to the extent and in a manner that is reasonable in the circumstances ” .
The vague terminology and the absence of any reference to the rights of free movement and free speech that are reputedly guaranteed under Canada ’ Charter of Rights and Freedoms have provided police organizations with the ability to impose martial - law - like restrictions at will .
But even this carte - blanche was deemed inadequate by Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair and the provincial Liberal government of Dalton McGuinty .
At the “ extraordinary request ” of the police chief , the provincial cabinet on June 2 secretly passed a new regulation under the Ontario Public Works Protection
Act that allows police to arrest anyone within five meters of the security zone who refuses to submit to a request for identification or a search of their person .
The new law , in effect until June 28 , was not publicized .
Its public exposure occurred when it appeared without notice on a provincial e-laws database last week .
Despite hundreds of briefings given to the citizens of Toronto over the past month , police consistently withheld this information .
“ It reminds me a little bit of the War Measures Act ” , said Nathalie Des Rosiers of the Canadian Civil Liberties Association .
On Saturday , a “ People First ” protest organized by the Canadian Labour Congress ( CLC ) and the Ontario Federation of Labour ( OFL ) will mobilize trade unionists , civil rights activists , church groups and non-governmental organizations for a march through the streets of downtown Toronto .
Sid Ryan , head of the OFL , and Ken Georgetti of the CLC have assured police that their march will be a peaceful , “ kid friendly ” affair ( although several split - off groups of radicals plan to leave the march at its southernmost point in order to confront the police at the perimeter fence ) .
Protest organizers , including Ryan , have sent letters and repeatedly asked police and government representatives if they will undertake not to use agent - provocateurs during the demonstrations .
Ominously , neither the Harper Conservative government nor the police have seen fit to provide a direct answer — the police content to simply issue a statement to the effect that they “ do not discuss operational details ” .
The concerns of Ryan and other protest leaders are legitimate .
It would not be the first time such tactics were used to create the conditions for further curtailment of democratic rights .
In 2007 , at a North American leaders ’ conference in Montebello , Quebec , police dressed as demonstrators were filmed carrying rocks and agitating amongst the crowd to join them in violent acts .
( See : “ Canada : Police agent - provocateurs unmasked at Montebello summit protests ” ) .
And in 2001 at the Genoa , Italy , G8 conference , police agents were discovered to have instigated violence during protests .
These facts , however , did not prevent the leader of the Toronto Police Association , Mark McCormick , from demanding Ryan ’s resignation from the presidency of the OFL for “ defaming the police ” .
The police have promised to confront demonstrators who may seek to take their protest directly to the perimeter fence .
According to CLC President Ken Georgetti , “ they ’ve told us as soon as we hit Queen Street ( fours blocks from the perimeter ) there ’s going to be a wall of cops with shields and batons to make sure we know where to turn ” .
This author also recommends :
Canada to mount largest - ever security operation for G8/ G20 summits
[ 29 May 2010 ]
Opposition parties abet cover up of Canada ’s Afghan war crimes
[ 21 May 2010 ]
As part of our slapshot challenge it is our mission to help you improve slapshot power and accuracy .
In this article we will show you how to turn your muffin of a slapshot into a howitzer .
Proper slapshot technique
Proper technique is the most important aspect of your slapshot , in fact by using a radar gun and tweaking just a few things in my technique , I was able to increase my slapshot by 15 mph .
After improving my shot substantially , Ken and I went to the hockey expo in Toronto .
There was a radar gun there where anyone could test their shot .
One guy was in line in front of us who was absolutely jacked , 6 feet tall and muscles rippling from every where .
Ken and I were sure he would be able to hit at least 80 mph .
This guy steps up and struggles to hit 65 , still fast , but Ken and I have a lot less muscle and easily topped 70 mph .
It just goes to show that proper form is the first thing you should work on .
Tips to improve slapshot power
After posting the slapshot challenge video on youtube , and starting a forum thread at the rink we got a number of video responses showing their slapshots .
We noticed a few common slapshot technique problems that could be easily fixed for more power .
Also while working on improving my slapshot technique I noticed a few changes in technique that really improved my slapshot speed .
I have made a list below .
Hold the stick in the right location
Holding the stick too close to the blade is common among people learning the slapshot , as it makes it a bit easier to get the puck off the ice .
However this is a bad habit that many players form .
To get the most power from your slapshot your lower hand should be just below the halfway point of your stick , this allows you to put more flex on the stick .
Also by holding the stick too low you will not be able to get full power from your shoulders and arms .
Back swing
Your back swing in your slapshot should not look like a back swing in golf .
You do not want to bring the blade of your stick behind your head , on an angle .
The blade of your stick should move more like a pendulum , coming straight back and straight down .
If your back swing and down swing is on an angle you will not get as much power from your shot , and you will not be able to flex your stick properly .
Transfer your weight
When you take a slapshot , you want to use your whole body , mot just your arms .
A great way to add power to your shot is to step into the shot and get your weight moving forwards .
This will help you transfer energy and give you a faster slapshot .
Transferring your weight involves using your legs .
In order to get power from your legs you should bend your knees , and during the downswing really drive into the shot with your back leg .
If you watch NHL players taking slapshots you will notice they all push off with their back leg to get more power .
Watch this video and watch Ron Hainseys back leg
Bend your knees
This goes along with transferring your weight .
A common mistake in slapshot technique ( for beginners ) is shooting straight legged .
If you are shooting straight legged you will not be able to properly transfer your weight .
Bending your knees allows you to push off with your back leg , and drive into the shot .
Roll your wrists and follow through
While practicing my slapshot I noticed that I would often leave the blade of my stick open in my follow through .
By rolling my wrist during the follow through , and continuing to push into the shot I added a few MPH to my top speed .
Video to help improve your slapshot technique
I shot this video that shows you how you can improve your slapshot technique and get more power from your shot .
These tips should help a lot of beginner hockey players improve their slapshot .
If you are looking for some more advanced slapshot tips then read my article “ understanding where slapshot power comes from ” ( will be posted soon )
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
Ganttic is a resource management software that excels in high - level resource planning and managing multiple project portfolios at once .
In Ganttic , anything and anyone you need to schedule can be a resource – people , rooms , machinery – you name it !
The software scales with your business , and you ...
Heath Herring vs Yoshihiro Nakao K - 1 Dynamite !!!
2005
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As Heath Herring and Yoshihiro Nakao met in the center of the ring on New Year 's Eve , the pre-fight staredown began .
This is an an important part of the fight drama -- a final opportunity to either offer your opponent respect or to measure his dick against yours .
Tonight things would go in a much different direction .
Nakao stepped in as if to intimidate .
Then he , surprise , sweetly kissed Herring on the mouth .
Herring hated it .
He let the rage build for a moment and unleashed it with a tiny punch against Nakao 's chin .
Nakao went out cold , probably more from a broken heart than a rattled skull .
As Nakao pretended to be dead , Heath Herring stormed around the ring , proclaiming that He sounded less and less convinced as he repeated it .
I think he was trying to ward off the invisible wizards that make you gay when your lips touch a boy and he was losing .
As this went on , Nakao never did get up .
They carried him out , hospitalized from rejection and face tap .
This led to a difficult problem for viewers since all the insults you 'd use for a fighter pretending to be unconscious are completely inappropriate to use if the guy is , you know , actually medically that way .
This led to a difficult problem for the promoters too .
Do you declare the fight a draw ?
Do you disqualify the guy for sexual assault or the other guy for regular assault ?
I have to say , two men kissing is n't nearly as gay as showing up for a fight and getting a philosophical debate instead .
You kissing assholes !
If I wanted first base , an argument , and someone pretending to be asleep , I would have spent New Year 's with my girlfriend !
Anderson Silva vs. Demian Maia UFC 112
Demian Maia is one of the many people smart enough not to attack Anderson Silva .
In fact , if that was the measure of intelligence , Demian Maia might be the smartest man alive .
He stood almost perfectly still in front of Silva for almost 25 minutes , but he's not the villain in this story .
This is the fight where Anderson Silva earned his black belt in High School Bully .
Once he saw that Maia was n't doing anything , Silva teased the fellow Brazilian with little dances and Portuguese racial slurs .
It looked like two children playing video games with Anderson Silva being controlled by a racist little brat and Demian Maia controlled by a kid whose Internet kept going out .
This was n't a fight .
This was a boy jamming fireworks into a helpless cat while a crowd booed .
Despite the slow pace of the fight , it seemed like 15 minutes of making fun of white people and doing The Macarena was too much for the champ .
He spent the last 2 rounds retreating in a circle and catching his breath .
And while Silva did n't find the time to throw many attacks during this dance recital , one of the shots still fractured something near Maia 's eye .
When this happens and you blow your nose , your eye swells shut like an air mattress .
Demian Maia blew his nose .
That meant that for the rest of the fight , Demian had to watch this shimmying dickhead taunt him through an eye that looked like a body builder 's vagina .
At the risk of inventing an Internet fetish , his entire field of vision must have looked like Chyna giving birth to a boxing glove .
How do you raise your daughter as a feminist when she 's constantly bombarded with non-feminist messages and images ?
Let 's use this blog to share thoughts , advice and resources to help us all succeed .
This spring , Marquette University asked Seattle University ’s Jodi O’Brien to be Dean of its Klingler College of Arts and Sciences and then rescinded the offer .
Dr. O’Brien is a sociologist , a specialist in gender , sexuality , and religion — and a lesbian .
The most explicit reason given by Marquette President Robert Wild , S.J. , was , “ We found some strongly negative statements about marriage and family , ” in her academic writings .
What are they ?
Why do they matter ?
And since when does any academic institution have the right to offer a job — then rescind it — for what look to be discriminatory reasons ?
More is on the line than Dr. O’Brien ’s career which , I hope , will only benefit from the exposure .
As an alum of Marquette ( Arts , ’ 72 ) and an equally out lesbian with similar specialties ( albeit a theologian rather than a sociologist ) , I am more than a casual observer of the situation .
I am not acquainted with Dr. O’Brien , though this travesty has brought her work to my screen .
I have shared my views with President Wild .
This is a complicated and disheartening situation — a cautionary tale all around — and the integrity of Catholic higher education hangs in the balance .
According to reports , Dr. O’Brien was headhunted for the deanship a year ago but turned down the overtures for personal reasons .
Maybe she preferred the coffee or the weather in Seattle .
Who knows .
But in 2010 it was Marquette itself that short - listed her for the position .
The committee , according to one of its members , was clear that some of her publications could be considered a little rich for the blood of Catholic conservatives who lie in wait for such appointments .
But the committee made clear that if the administration selected her they would be expected to stand behind her .
They did select her , but the president did not stand behind her .
According to reports , Dr. O’Brien accepted the offer and went to Milwaukee where the university hospitably deputized a faculty member to help her find housing .
She was not an unknown quantity .
In fact , she is a tenured professor at Seattle University ( likewise a Jesuit school ) where she chairs the Anthropology , Sociology , and Social Work Department .
To add to her Jesuit bona fides , she held the Louis B. Gaffney Endowed Chair ( 2007 — 2009 ) , a rotating endowed chair for professors who connect the mission of the Society of Jesus with the academic life of the campus and the larger community .
Sounds like the real McCoy to me ; sort of the type who would be named to Alpha Sigma Nu , the Jesuit honor society of which I am a member .
But wait , she wrote about lesbians and she is one .
Horrors !
The university issued an inexplicable statement claiming that although Professor O’Brien brings :
an excellent background , a record of achievement and a strong academic track record … it was decided after further analysis that this individual was not the person who could best fill this very important position .
It continues :
There were certain oversights in the search process , and we regret that deeply .
As a result of this search , the university will revise some aspects of the search process .
Note the increasingly abstract rhetoric .
It starts with Dr. O’Brien , then she becomes an “ individual , ” later a “ person ” as the agent fades into oblivion .
Note the complete lack of anyone taking responsibility .
Just how did those “ oversights ” jump into the search process all by themselves ?
This sort of shifty , murky statement usually hides a multitude of sins , as it does here .
I await further clarification , but at this writing it seems that the only plausible explanation for rescinding an offer made to so obviously qualified a candidate is discrimination based on sexual orientation and / or prejudice related to the nature of her scholarship vis -à - vis queer families .
A runner - up explanation is that Marquette administrators are totally incompetent .
Pick your poison .
Encroachment on academic freedom in Catholic institutions is not new , but it has been confined in the main to theology .
Apparently now even sociology at Catholic institutions must be done within the narrow parameters of Roman Catholic hierarchical views .
Likewise , the promised revision of the hiring process can only mean that candidates whose views do not square with institutional Roman Catholic theology will be discriminated against before the offer is made .
Private universities like Bob Jones , Oral Roberts , and now Marquette do that .
It goes on all the time of course , but the university acts as if the major issue at stake here were sloppy work rather than egregious action against a person they pursued in the first place .
Marquette may be in the vanguard of Catholic institutions that are growing increasingly parochial , shaping the social sciences and perhaps eventually the physical sciences to Roman kyriarchal ideology rather than to the gold standard in the field .
It is a sad loss of what might have become a world - class university .
President Wild stated several times for the camera , and obviously on the advice of counsel , that this retraction of a perfectly legal contract is “ not about sexual orientation . ”
It will be interesting to see what the lawsuit looks like , or whether Marquette will settle for a large sum out of court .
He waxed poetic about the many gay and lesbian people at Marquette : “ We have a variety of men and women here who are homosexual who work in all sorts of venues in this university , holding a variety of positions .
They do great work , they make a valuable contribution to this institution . ”
I know some of the best and brightest at Marquette and they were not persuaded by his line .
I asked Robert Wild about these queer people at Marquette in my letter : “ Is it because they are worthy to do the dishes or clean the floors but not to be a dean ?
Is it because they are in high teaching and / or administrative positions but remain closeted so no one has to deal with the truth of their Catholic lives , the fact that many great leaders in Catholic higher education are gay or lesbian ?
Is it because they are athletes and bring fame and fortune to the university that they are ‘ allowed ’ to be lesbian , gay , bisexual , or transgender , still part of that winning Catholic team as long as they remain silent on their sexuality ?
What about the many valiant heterosexual allies who bring their professional expertise to bear when they support same - sex love despite the institutional Catholic Church ’s antiquated teachings ? ”
No response .
A number of Marquette students have been active in their opposition to this move .
Many alums are sickened by the whole affair , shocked that the institution that imparted strong values of service and social justice would disgrace its own history by this clueless , graceless , and perhaps illegal move .
The Marquette Faculty Senate passed a resolution condemning the decision to rescind the offer but did not muster a vote of no confidence in their president .
The American Sociological Association sent a strong letter to Marquette about its actions against one of their members .
The Seattle University faculty wrote an equally strong retort to its Jesuit counterpart in Milwaukee since the move cast aspersions on their Catholic identity .
Some have called for President Wild ’s resignation .
He had announced his retirement effective June 2011 , but after this fiasco questions about his competence are now on the table .
The blame game on this one has been played faster than Marquette basketball .
Initially , it was reported by a faculty member who attended a closed door session that President Wild had been pressured by the local ordinary , Archbishop Jerome Listecki .
Listecki admitted that he had expressed his “ concerns ” but emphasized that Marquette is independent of the Archdiocese and could well make its own decision .
That translates to the need to buckle under to his “ concerns ” or face sanctions from higher up the Roman ecclesial food chain .
It is also suspected that some deep - pocketed donors probably made their “ concerns ” know too , but there is no way to prove it .
When pressed for reasons why he intervened to rescind the offer , President Wild demurred on this “ personnel matter ” but left the impression with at least some faculty that he had been pressured .
Hey , life is one big pressure .
One just decides with whom to cast one ’s lot .
Whatever the dynamic , Mr. Wild caved — unlike Marquette ’s Midwestern rival the University of Notre Dame where Listecki and other conservative Catholic bishops tried unsuccessfully to pressure that institution ’s president to disinvite President Barack Obama from speaking at Commencement .
But , then , President Obama was n’t a lesbian .
This whole sordid affair casts serious doubt on Marquette ’s claim to excellence and , by extension , on the credibility of Catholic universities .
Academic freedom is a thing of the past at Marquette if a lesbian sociologist cannot acknowledge the obvious limits of current family constellations and the reality of same - sex marriage without being considered beyond the pale of Catholic identity .
How is she to understand the subjects she explores without generating data ?
What is she to do with the data that drive her research ?
Women ’s , gender , and queer studies are now accepted disciplines in the academy .
For Marquette or any other Catholic institution to circumscribe them with ecclesial litmus tests bodes badly for accreditation and ranking , not to mention reputation .
Students and faculty will leave Marquette shortly for vacation .
Such tempests usually cool over the summer .
I doubt that the university , which ironically had a conference on forgiveness recently , will make amends and name a chair for Dr. O’Brien .
Nor is it likely that “ pressure ” exerted by those who champion academic freedom and administrative competence will trump a local bishop bucking for cardinal or deep pocketed donors who blush at the thought that women enjoy sex with other women .
Dr. O’Brien is not the first queer person in Catholic academic leadership .
I daresay if conditions were such that they could come out without negative repercussions we could all get on to more important matters .
But , for now , I regret to say that Marquette and any other Catholic institutions that follow it down the primrose path of prejudice are the big losers and this is not the NCAA tournament .
Comfort food at its canned and processed finest .
Now , do n’t scoff !
It ’s totally easy , yummy , and the kids all love it .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Please do n’t hate me .
Because I ’m here to tell you one thing : there is nothing — nothing — good about this dessert .
It ’s loaded with sugar .
It ’s packed with fat .
And its ingredients are so prosaic and processed … I do n’t even know what to say .
But guess what ?
I made this delightful dessert , and I ca n’t undo the past .
The reason I have this cooking site in the first place is to share with all of you the things that make their way to my table .
So am I ashamed of this dish ?
Yes .
Do I understand why some of you will scoff and turn up your nose ?
Sure .
Did it taste good ?
Oh yeah , baby .
It shore as shootin’ did !
Here ’s how to make this classic potluck dessert table treat .
The Pioneer Woman
The Cast of Characters : Cherry Pie Filling , Crushed Pineapple , Yellow ( or white ) cake mix , Margarine , and Butter .
DUMP 1 can of cherry pie filling into a baking dish .
( I used 9 x 13 )
Now , seriously , who knew cherry pie filling was so pretty ?
Just look at it !
What a lovely shade of red .
Next , DUMP ( are we seeing a pattern here ? ) 1 can of crushed pineapple into the dish .
Seriously , with colors this pretty , how bad can it be ?
Note : I think all different combinations of fruit would work just fine .
Hey , how ’ bout pullin’ a Steel Magnolias and using fruit cocktail ?
Just a suggestion .
Do n’t tell anyone I said that .
Now stir the mixture together …
And while you ’re stirring …
Think about the extra four miles you ’ll need to walk this evening as a result of eating this dessert .
It ’ll be a nice walk .
You can take your Ipod .
Trivia : I do not own an Ipod .
I ’ve never used an Ipod in my life .
Here endeth my embarrassing confession .
Once it ’s all combined …
Open the bag of cake mix ( I used white , but I think yellow ’s better ) and begin sprinkling the dry mix over the top .
And I do n’t know who originally decided to malign this fine invention , but I like to eat clumps of it sometimes .
Because I WANT TO , that ’s why !
That ’s pretty much my motto when it comes to eating : I saw it , I wanted it , so I ate it .
Just smooth out ( or eat , if you ’re me ) the large clumps .
Weird , is n’t it ?
But just wait .
We ’re just gettin ’ warmed up .
Then , and this is when things start really going downhill , cut up 1 whole stick of margarine and lay the pieces all over the top of the cake mix .
Then , to finish up the carnage , grab a stick of butter …
And cut up half a stick , distributing it evenly .
Hey , I could ’ve used a WHOLE stick .
I ’m all about restraint here at The Pioneer Woman Cooks .
Now pop it in the oven and bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until top is bubbly .
Mmmm .
Hey , if I did n’t know any better , I ’d think this was some kind of fruit crisp .
Or cobbler .
Certainly not a couple of cans of fruit with a mixture of cake mix and butter on top .
Interesting how the fruit on the bottom combines with the butter on top to give the dry cake mix all the moisture it needs .
And the top is so nice and light and crispy and …potlucky .
To serve , just stick a spoon right in …
And put it into a pretty bowl .
Because pretty bowls cover a multitude of processed ingredients .
And yeah , a little extra wo n’t hurt .
It ’s a fruit dessert , remember .
And just to elevate things a little , I whip some cream and plop some on top .
It ’s important for me to get my daily allowance of dairy .
Yum .
Comfort food at its canned & processed finest .
Now , do n’t scoff !
It ’s totally easy , yummy , and the kids all love it .
And that ’s the reason I make this dessert : for the children .
Because I believe the children are our future .
Just saving the world … one can of crushed pineapple at a time ,
Pioneer Woman
One of the first things Brighton District Court Judge David Donnelly asked the two college students up on graffiti charges this morning was whether their parents knew .
The pair , arrested early Saturday at a freshly tagged building near Boston University , said they did not .
" Why did n't you call your parents ? "
Donnelly asked the two , both 19 and both from the San Francisco area .
They told him they were hoping to handle the matter on their own and to get the case resolved because , they said , they did n't do it - it was the woman they were with who was writing on the wall .
Donnelly did n't want to hear it .
First he appointed two attorneys to represent them .
Then , even though it was 7:30 a.m. on the West Coast at the time , he ordered the two to go into the hallway and inform their parents : " Let them know you 've been arrested and that you 're before the court , " he said .
Not - guilty pleas were entered on their behalf .
Innocent , etc .
Michael Vick and his lawyer could have a major timeline problem .
The owner of the restaurant that hosted Vick ’s birthday party last week says he has video of Vick and “ his entourage ” driving away from the restaurant at 2:07 A.M. , only three minutes before gunshots were fired in the direction the cars went .
Florio is spending some much deserved time with the family , so I ’ll say it : wow .
“ I ’m not saying that Michael Vick did the shooting , ” Allen Fabija told
the Daily Press .
“ But
he did not leave [ long ] before ” the shooting like Vick told police , according to
Vick ’s lawyer .
Vick ’s camp has consistently painted a picture of the Eagles quarterback leaving his party well before the shooting .
First , we heard 30 minutes .
Vick ’s attorney Larry Woodward told the AP on Tuesday that his client left at least 10 minutes before the shooting and up to 20 minutes before .
Now there is possibly video evidence putting the number at three minutes .
Woodward and Vick better hope the video proves Fabija lied to the newspaper .
Otherwise , Vick ’s entire account to police will be called into question .
Predictions that GP2 pacesetters would be in among the F1 times at Monte Carlo became a reality after the first session of practice for both categories in Monaco .
Earlier this month , Flavio Briatore told the Italian Autosprint magazine that he thought it would have been much better if the premier category had moved in the direction of three - car teams from the leading performers , rather than open up the grid to new , slower teams .
" When we were asking to have three cars , the Federation instead opened the doors to teams who had no budget guarantees whatsoever , " Briatore said .
" There are teams in F1 who are only two seconds quicker compared to GP2 teams and they are spending 60 - 70 million while GP2 costs three million .
Something 's wrong there ... "
At the time Briatore spoke out , certain paddock figures muttered that on the tight Monte Carlo street circuit , it would n't be a surprise to find that the leading GP2 teams were quicker than the F1 tailenders , and so it proved .
Pascal Maldonado topped the first session of GP2 practice with a lap in 1:20.476 , which was quicker than the first session F1 times from Virgin Racing 's Lucas di Grassi ( 1:20.556 ) and HRT pair Bruno Senna ( 1:21.688 ) and Karun Chandhok ( 1:21.853 ) .
Furthermore , the top six in the GP2 field were all quicker than the HRTs .
If there is one thing Afghan males should not need to be trained to do , it ’s to engage in warfare .
That may be the only thing they all know how to do after 30 years of civil war and centuries of resisting foreign powers .
After all , who is training the Taliban ?
They ’ve been fighting the U.S.
Army to a draw  and many of their commanders can’t even read .
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
It is not about the way .
It is about the will .
I have said this before , and I will say it again : The Middle East only puts a smile on your face when it starts with them .
The Camp David peace treaty started with Israelis and Egyptians meeting in secret  without us .
The Oslo peace process started with Israelis and Palestinians meeting in secret  without us .
The Sunni tribal awakening in Iraq against pro-Al Qaeda forces started with them  without us .
When it starts with them , when they assume ownership , our military and diplomatic support can be a huge multiplier , as we ’ve seen in Iraq and at Camp David .
Ownership is everything in business , war and diplomacy .
People will fight with sticks and stones and no training at all for a government they feel ownership of .
When they  Israelis , Palestinians , Afghans , Iraqis  assume ownership over a policy choice , everything is possible , particularly the most important thing of all : that what gets built becomes self - sustaining without us .
But when we want it more than they do , nothing is self - sustaining , and they milk us for all we ’re worth .
I simply do n’t see an Afghan “ awakening ” in areas under Taliban control .
And without that , at scale , nothing we build will be self - sustaining .
That leads to the second question :
If our strategy is to use U.S. forces to clear the Taliban and help the Afghans put in place a decent government so they can hold what is cleared , how can that be done when President Hamid Karzai , our principal ally , openly stole the election and we looked the other way ?
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others in the administration told us not to worry : Karzai would have won anyway ; he ’s the best we ’ve got ; she knew how to deal with him and he would come around .
Well , I hope that happens .
But my gut tells me that when you do n’t call things by their real name , you get in trouble .
Karzai stole the election , and we said :
No problem , we ’re going to build good governance on the back of the Kabul mafia .
Which brings up the third simple question , the one that made me most opposed to this surge :
What do we win if we win ?
At least in Iraq , if we eventually produce a decent democratizing government , we will , at enormous cost , have changed the politics in a great Arab capital in the heart of the Arab Muslim world .
That can have wide resonance .
Change Afghanistan at enormous cost and you ’ve changed Afghanistan  period .
Afghanistan does not resonate .
Klean Kanteens are popular amongst green families for their safety record ( always bpa- free ) and reusability .
Today , the CPSC announced the first ever recall involving the company .
WASHINGTON , D.C. – The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and Health Canada , in cooperation with the firm named below , today announced a voluntary recall of the following consumer product .
Consumers should stop using recalled products immediately unless otherwise instructed .
Name of Product : Sport Cap 2.0 water bottle spouts Units : About 1.2 million in the United States and 102,000 in Canada Manufacturer : Klean Kanteen Inc. , of Chico , Calif .
Hazard :
The water bottle spouts can break or crack , posing a choking hazard to children and adults .
Incidents / Injuries :
The firm has received six reports of incidents of the water bottle spouts breaking or cracking in children ’s mouths as they were drinking from the bottles .
No injuries have been reported .
Klean Kanteen is offering is offering customers free replacements of the sport top 2.0. , although interestingly it is currently an updated sport 2.0 top is not available on the website .
We at Klean Kanteen apologize both for the inconvenience and the resource footprint of this recall .
We take the health and environmental aspects of our products very seriously and the mere possibility of our product harming someone gave everyone at Klean Kanteen pause .
The decision to recall and replace caps was really the easy part , running a smooth replacement program is the challenge we now are rising to .
We really appreciate your patience and understanding ; we ’ll get you your new Sport Cap(s ) as quickly as possible .
It ’s nice that a company is actually considering the footprint of a recall .
Perhaps it will be a lesson in increasing quality control in the Chinese factories where Klean Kanteens are manufactured .
In fact , that is exactly the sticking point I have with the company over giving it my 100 % support , even though every member of my family drinks from Klean Kanteens .
My son just got the insulated wide mouth bottle , and he loves it !
EA Sports is going after the used game market .
Starting with the release of Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11 on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , the publisher will introduce a new Online Pass , a one - time registration code included with each brand new copy of the game .
The code allows players to access " online services , features and bonus content .
" Those who purchase the game used can buy an Online Pass for $ 10 or sign up for a free 7 - day trial .
The pass will be implemented for NCAA Football 11 , NHL 11 , Madden NFL 11 , NBA 11 , FIFA 11 , and EA Sports MMA as well .
The pass offers different features for each title , however , players will not have access to basic multiplayer features if purchased used .
"
You will be unable to play multiplayer online game modes or use your downloaded content in online game modes , " EA says .
Online leagues , dynasty and franchise modes are also only available with the Online Pass .
The break down for each title can be seen on the publisher 's official website " This is an important inflection point in our business because it allows us to accelerate our commitment to enhance premium online services to the entire robust EA SPORTS online community , " said Peter Moore , President of EA SPORTS .
Despite being the leader in used game sales , retailer GameStop , which acknowledged it plans to focus on digital content in the future , supports Electronic Arts ' new direction .
" GameStop is excited to partner with such a forward - thinking publisher as Electronic Arts , " said Dan DeMatteo , Chief Executive Officer of GameStop Corp .
" This relationship allows us to capitalize on our investments to market and sell downloadable content online , as well as through our network of stores worldwide . "
Only 42 % of American Jews would re-elect Obama , while 46 % would consider voting for someone else .
United States President Barack Obama has lost nearly half of his support among American Jews , a poll by the McLaughlin Group has shown .
The US Jews polled were asked whether they would : ( a ) vote to re-elect Obama , or ( b ) consider voting for someone else .
42 % said they would vote for Obama and 46 % , a plurality , preferred the second answer .
12 % said they did not know or refused to answer .
In the Presidential elections of 2008 , 78 % of Jewish voters , or close to 8 out of 10 , chose Obama .
The McLaughlin poll held nearly 18 months later , in April 2010 , appears to show that support is down to around 4 out of 10 .
The poll showed that key voter segments including Orthodox / Hassidic voters , Conservative voters , voters who have friends and family in Israel and those who have been to Israel , are all more likely to consider voting for someone other than Obama .
Among Orthodox / Hassidic voters , 69 % marked ' someone else ' vs. 17 % who marked ' re - elect . '
Among Conservative - affiliated voters the proportion was 50 % to 38 % .
Among Reform Jews , a slim majority of 52 % still supported Obama while 36 % indicated they would consider someone else .
Among Jews with family in Israel and those who had been to Israel , about 50 % said they would consider someone else , while 41 % - 42 % supported Obama .
Fifty percent of the Jewish voters polled said they approved of the job Obama is doing handling US relations with Israel .
Thirty - nine percent said they disapproved .
“ This rating is not good for a group of voters who are 59 % Democratic to only 16 % Republican , ” the poll 's analysis noted .
A majority of 52 % said they disapproved of the idea of the Obama Administration supporting a plan to recognize a Palestinian state within two years .
62 % said that if given a state , “ the Palestinians would continue their campaign of terror to destroy Israel . ”
Only 19 % thought they would live peacefully with Israel .
As Obama loses support among members of the influential Jewish voter bloc , possible Republican candidate Sarah Palin seems to be doing her best to woo them to her camp .
At Time Magazine ’s May 4 dinner honoring the ‘ 100 Most Influential People in the World , ’ she was sporting a US / Israel flag pin .
85 Fantasmagorical Superhero Tattoos
Some folks like their images of comic book art digital .
Some like it in large glossy print , to put on the wall .
These people , they think comic book ink should be on their skin .
Adobe has released a lengthy piece about Flash 10.1 coming on Froyo .
Here are the highlights :
Battery and power :
We added a new capability called instance management to intelligently load and play back Flash content only after it comes within view on the web page .
This capability also allows us to work in conjunction with the browser to ensure the web page is loaded as quickly as possible .
... A related capability we added is called pause and resume .
Flash Player will automatically pause the content that is running when the browser is hidden from view or the current tab is placed in the background .
We added a new capability called instance management to intelligently load and play back Flash content only after it comes within view on the web page .
This capability also allows us to work in conjunction with the browser to ensure the web page is loaded as quickly as possible .
... A related capability we added is called pause and resume .
Flash Player will automatically pause the content that is running when the browser is hidden from view or the current tab is placed in the background .
Maximizing performance :
To take advantage of these highly integrated hardware environments , we took a very comprehensive look at how Flash Player uses the CPU , GPU , memory , and storage .
The Flash Player team , with engineering cooperation across our Open Screen Project partners , meticulously optimized the machine instructions used in our virtual machine , rendering engine , and media codecs to run efficiently on mobile hardware .
...
The investments we made in execution speed will be apparent in a broad range of content , from Flash applications to games to video , and everything in between .
We took an extensive look at the performance characteristics of Flash Player in many different scenarios and drove considerable improvements in the execution speed .
To take advantage of these highly integrated hardware environments , we took a very comprehensive look at how Flash Player uses the CPU , GPU , memory , and storage .
The Flash Player team , with engineering cooperation across our Open Screen Project partners , meticulously optimized the machine instructions used in our virtual machine , rendering engine , and media codecs to run efficiently on mobile hardware .
...
The investments we made in execution speed will be apparent in a broad range of content , from Flash applications to games to video , and everything in between .
We took an extensive look at the performance characteristics of Flash Player in many different scenarios and drove considerable improvements in the execution speed .
Conserving memory :
We have added automatic compression of media in memory to matchthe typically smaller screen size and color depth of a mobile device .
We have also enhanced the memory garbage collection system to work more effectively , particularly in low memory situations .
We made changes to more aggressively release temporary buffers and media caches for images and audio data .
These changes have translated into some dramatic improvements .
In some cases , you 'll see content that now automatically consumes 50 % less memory with Flash Player 10.1 when compared to our previous release .
We have added automatic compression of media in memory to matchthe typically smaller screen size and color depth of a mobile device .
We have also enhanced the memory garbage collection system to work more effectively , particularly in low memory situations .
We made changes to more aggressively release temporary buffers and media caches for images and audio data .
These changes have translated into some dramatic improvements .
In some cases , you 'll see content that now automatically consumes 50 % less memory with Flash Player 10.1 when compared to our previous release .
Usability : Multitouch is included .
It also has smart zooming and knows when to go full - screen .
Text fields will know whether to use soft or physical keyboards , and the accelerometer is fully functional .
That 's it in a very brief nutshell .
Get the full rundown here .
rvm ( ruby version manager ) is a kick ass tool that I use on a daily basis .
It allows you to install lots of ruby versions , gems , gem sets , and what have you .
You can test your app against new ( or old ) versions of ruby easily .
You can also use it to manage rubies on a production system , for all users of that system .
Yes , you heard me correctly .
After needling Wayne into getting root support built into RVM so many weeks ago , this is really the only way that I use it .
There are a few gotchas however .
I will go through my best practices for installing rvm system wide in this article .
updated : 8/1/2010 : @sutto and @wayneeseguin have baked root support into rvm - use that !
Preparation
The first step is to prep the system for rvm .
On a ArchLinux system run the following :
pacman - S -- noconfirm gcc gcc-libs make kernel - headers zlib libtool bison gdb strace gettext openssl git readline
Centos :
yum install -y gcc gcc- c ++ kernel - devel zlib libtool bison gdb strace gettext git rpm-build redhat - rpm - config zlib - devel openssl openssl - devel git readline - devel
Debian :
aptitude install -y build - essential libreadline5 - dev libssl - dev bison libz - dev zlib1g zlib1g - dev libxml2 libxml2 - dev libxslt - dev libssl - dev openssl git readline - devel
And on your Mac , you ’ll want to get the latest XCode installed .
Install rvm
I normally add gem : -- no -rdoc -- no - ri to the /etc / gemrc file .
I really dislike getting all of the RI and RDoc stuff generated , at it normally takes more time then the gem install .
When I install the base rvm package , I tend to use the latest git head .
That way , I do not need to muck about getting ruby and rubygems installed on the machine in question .
As long as I have git , I am good to go .
cd ~ git clone git://github.com/wayneeseguin/rvm.git temp_rvm cd temp_rvm
This is all straight forward up to this point .
We ’ve done everything “ by the book ” as it were .
From here on out , be advised that installing things as root might cause breakage or instability .
Here there be dragons
We ’ll start off with this :
sudo su
and then continue from the temp_rvm directory we just created :
. / install cd ~ rm - rf temp_rvm
Now , you should have a non-working rvm install located in /usr / local / rvm .
We are almost done , just a few more little things left .
First off , create a /etc / rvmrc file and add this line :
export rvm_path = /usr / local/rvm
Next , edit your /etc / profile to include the following line on the bottom :
# Load RVM if it is installed , # first try to load user install # then try to load root install , if user install is not there .
if [ -s " $ HOME /.rvm/ scripts/rvm " ] ; then . " $ HOME /.rvm/ scripts/rvm " elif [ -s " /usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm " ] ; then .
" /usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm "
fi
Cleaning up
You ’ll want to chown the /usr / local / rvm directory to add a group that contains the folks you want to be able to administrate your rubies , install gems and what not .
I then chmod - R g+w /usr / local / rvm to allow the group access .
I have had mixed luck with this - best case scenario is to grant ownership to the 1 user who is going to be tasked with loading rubies and tell them to get at it .
I also use the rvm use ruby_version -- default option when I select a ruby for use system wide .
It works really well .
Closing thoughts , and a present for all that read this far ...
rvm is an excellent tool .
I have run it on several production systems as root , and only run it that way any more .
It sits next to homebrew on my Mac , and makes testing stuff super simple .
Here is the setup script that I use which automates everything above
RUMOR : Director Robert Rodriguez Offered Deadpool Movie
An item in magazine Production Weekly indicates that Robert Rodriguez has been given the offer to direct the Deadpool movie , which has suppo ...
http://www.deadpoolbugle.com/2010/06/rumor-director-robert-rodriguez-offered.html
Bond , a gem to improve irb ’s autocompletion , just hit version 0.2.0 .
With this version comes a completion configuration system similar to bash / zsh , more fixes to irb ’s incorrect completions and most importantly , any method can have its arguments autocompleted !
The screencast demonstrates most of this .
Screencast
Bond – Argument Autocompletion for Methods in Irb from cldwalker .
Screencast Notes
Bond.list_methods : Lists all methods ( 80 + ) that have argument autocompletion .
: Lists all methods ( 80 + ) that have argument autocompletion .
Examples of methods with argument completion : Kernel #require , Array # delete , Hash # [ ] , Module #const_get , Object#instance_variable_get
Object#send : Exemplifies an argument completion that varies per argument .
Can be used to invoke argument completions for private methods .
: Exemplifies an argument completion that varies per argument .
Can be used to invoke argument completions for private methods .
Rails examples : ActiveRecord ::Base.attr_accessible , ActiveRecord :: Base.create , ActiveRecord : : Base .where , ActiveRecord :: Base.all
Basic argument completion example : Bond.complete ( : method= >" Array # jump " ) { % w {foo bar baz} }
Install
Install the gem with :
sudo gem install bond
In your irbrc , replace irb ’s completion ( require ‘ irb / completion ’ ) with :
require ' bond ' Bond.start # Bond.start replaces require ' bond / completion ' from previous bond versions
If using wirble , place the above after wirble .
Further Reading
Clojure I/O Cookbook
There are a number of ways for us to read a file .
If the file is small enough and can be held in memory , simplest approach is to use slurp which will return a string containing the content of the file ,
( slurp " some.txt " )
For files that you can't or do n't want to hold in memory , we can use Buffered Reader , line - seq combo and process files on a line by line basis ,
( with - open [ rdr ( java.io.BufferedReader . ( java.io.FileReader . " project.clj " ) ) ]
( let [ seq ( line - seq rdr ) ] ( count seq ) ) )
These days it is more common ( at least for me ) to retrieve a URL then it is to read file ,
( defn fetch - url [ address ] ( with - open [ stream ( .openStream ( java.net .URL. address ) ) ] ( let [ buf ( java.io.BufferedReader . ( java.io.InputStreamReader. stream ) ) ] ( apply str ( line - seq buf ) ) ) ) ) ( fetch-url " http://google.com " )
Above will work on text files but corrupt binary files because Buffered Reader assumes it is dealing with textual data , for downloading a binary file ( video , music etc. ) and saving it to a file on disk ,
( defn fetch - data [ url ] ( let [ con ( -> url java.net .
URL. .openConnection ) fields ( reduce ( fn [ h v ] ( assoc h ( .getKey v ) ( into [ ] ( .getValue v ) ) ) ) {} ( .getHeaderFields con ) ) size ( first ( fields " Content - Length " ) ) in ( java.io.BufferedInputStream. ( .getInputStream con ) ) out ( java.io.BufferedOutputStream . ( java.io.FileOutputStream . " out.file " ) ) buffer ( make - array Byte / TYPE 1024 ) ] ( loop [ g ( .read in buffer ) r 0 ] ( if - not ( = g - 1 ) ( do ( println r " / " size ) ( . write out buffer 0 g ) ( recur ( .read in buffer ) (+ r g ) ) ) ) ) ( . close in ) ( . close out ) ( .disconnect con ) ) ) ( fetch-data " http://google.com " )
Or if you prefer interacting with the socket directly ,
( defn socket [ host port ] ( let [ socket ( java.net .
Socket . host port ) in ( java.io.BufferedReader . ( java.io.InputStreamReader . ( .getInputStream socket ) ) ) out ( java.io. PrintWriter. ( .getOutputStream socket ) ) ] { : in in : out out} ) ) ( def conn ( socket " irc.freenode.net " 6667 ) ) ( println ( .readLine ( : in conn ) ) )
Now for writing stuff back to disk ,
( spit " output.txt " " test " )
or bind out to a FileWriter and print the content ,
As a former Governor , I know that economic growth often starts with small businesses that have big ideas .
As Secretary of Health and Human Services , I ’ve seen how a breakthrough in a lab can lead to a life - saving medication in medicine chests across America .
Today , my colleagues Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and National Institutes of Health Director Francis Collins made an announcement that brings these forces together .
As part of the Affordable Care Act , we ’re creating a new tax credit for biotechnology research that will create jobs , save lives , and bring down health care costs .
The tax credit will be available to the small biotech firms around the country whose research has been judged by our NIH experts to hold great promise to lead to new therapies and medical innovation .
Our goal is to make targeted investments so that encouraging leads that otherwise might have been set aside can now be vigorously pursued by some of our best scientists .
Over the last few decades , breakthroughs in biotechnology have improved the health of millions of Americans – dramatically reducing the mortality rates for many diseases and health conditions .
At the same time , the biotech industry has become a key driver of our high - tech economy , supporting 1.3 million high - quality jobs .
Put simply , today ’s announcement equals more cures and more jobs .
To learn more about how this announcement achieves some of the Affordable Care Act ’s key goals like supporting American businesses , promoting health care innovation , and helping Americans live healthier lives , you can read a fact sheet here and the full IRS Notice on the tax credit here .
Kathleen Sebelius is Secretary of Health and Human Services
ONE PUZZLE about Rand Paul ’s much - discussed interview with MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow last week is why ever he allowed himself to get drawn into a discussion of his doubts about the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
One day after winning the Republican Senate primary in Kentucky , was that really a topic he thought it would be useful to explore on national television ?
I suspect that ’s exactly what he thought .
I imagine that in the flush of his victory , he thought the moment was right for a fearless demonstration of libertarian principle — for making it clear that when it comes to liberty and the Constitution , he makes no exceptions .
Not even for a law as iconic as the Civil Rights Act .
All he ended up demonstrating , however , was his inability to thoughtfully defend his position .
Which was a shame , because the principle Paul was contending for — that freedom necessarily includes the freedom to make unpopular , even wicked , personal choices — is not frivolous .
Regardless of your view of the Civil Rights
Act , that is an argument worth hearing .
But Paul failed to make it .
Maddow asked Paul : “ Do you think that a private business has the right to say we do n’t serve black people ? ’’
This was his reply :
“ I ’m not in favor of any discrimination of any form .
I would never belong to any club that excluded anybody for race . . ..
But I think what ’s important about this debate is not written into any specific ‘ gotcha ’ on this , but asking the question :
What about freedom of speech ?
Should we limit speech from people we find abhorrent ?
Should we limit racists from speaking ?
I do n’t want to be associated with those people , but I also do n’t want to limit their speech in any way .
. .
We tolerate boorish and uncivilized behavior because one of the things freedom requires is that we allow people to be boorish and uncivilized . ’’
Paul went on to explain that he embraced the 90 percent of the Civil Rights
Act that targeted “ governmental racism or discrimination , ’’ such as the Southern Jim Crow laws and segregated schools .
It was only the remaining 10 percent , the ban on discrimination by private businesses , that he balked at .
Personally , he would shun any Woolworth ’s lunch counter that refused to serve blacks , but he did n’t think government had the right to force Woolworth ’s to desegregate .
The weakness in that position is that it was government that forced Woolworth ’s and other establishments to exclude blacks in the first place .
Jim Crow was imposed by the state , often through police power and over the objection of local businesses , and backed by courts that refused to enforce the 14th Amendment .
The Civil Rights
Act rightly aimed to uproot not just public discrimination , but private discrimination that government malice had entrenched .
But that was nearly a half - century ago .
What is the justification for laws banning private discrimination today , when Jim Crow is dead , racism is overwhelmingly abominated , and a black man is president of the United States ?
If a bigoted store owner today wants to refuse service to blacks , why should he be barred by law from doing so ?
“ Unless it ’s illegal , ’’ Maddow told Paul , “ there ’s nothing . . . to stop the country from re-segregating like we were before the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . ’’
Does anyone really believe that ?
With or without a federal law , segregated restaurants would be as unthinkable today as “ No Irish Need Apply ’ ’ signs .
A firm that adopted a “ No Blacks ’ ’ policy would set off a storm of public outrage ; if it did n’t back down , it would be driven out of business within a week .
But the larger point is that behavior must not be criminalized merely because it is ugly .
The same Constitution that guarantees our individual right to express odious ideas should likewise entitle us as individuals to engage in odious discrimination .
So long as there is no violence or fraud , we are far better off deciding for ourselves whom we will and wo n’t associate with .
That can be a hard truth to swallow , as Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. observed long ago .
“ If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought , ’’ he wrote in 1928 .
“ Not free thought for those who agree with us , but freedom for the thought that we hate . ’’
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The open - source Pandora handheld has had a long and arduous time to market , but the days of delay are apparently at an end .
You gaze upon the very first Pandora off the assembly line -- the fruit of over two years labor -- and project leaders are presently shipping out the rest of the first completed batch , with scores if not hundreds already on the way .
GP32X forum mod X68000 got this unit for his help in construction , which means you can see Pandora 's box literally opened at our source link ( har har ) .
Puns not your thing ?
Spot a batch of handhelds at the soldering station instead , right after the break .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
The Australian Sex Party is not a major player ( no pun intended ) on the political scene , with only 2,000 members and a couple of staffers .
But the group made news across Australia this week when it highlighted a little - noticed change to the country 's Incoming Passenger Cards — a new question about pornography .
Most people entering Australia must fill out the customs card , which asks whether they are carrying food items , wood products , steroids , illegal drugs , or huge quantities of cash .
For the last few months , the card has also asked if they are carrying " pornography . "
Those who answer " yes " will apparently be taken for screening to ensure that they are not bringing banned material , such as images of child sex abuse , into the country .
Sex Party President Fiona Patten is appalled .
" If you and your partner have filmed or photographed yourselves making love in an exotic destination or even taking a bath , you will have to answer ‘ Yes ’ to the question or you will be breaking the law , " she said .
" Is it fair that Customs officers rummage through someone ’s luggage and pull out a legal men ’s magazine or a lesbian journal in front of their children or their mother - in - law ? "
Now with more questions about pornography !
If the pornography is contained on a laptop or other electronic device , it appears that customs agents will have the authority to examine the devices for evidence of illegal material .
The move is part of Australia 's current crackdown on illegal pornographic material , best illustrated by the country 's proposed Internet filtering system .
Patten says that the current laws governing customs searches say nothing about " pornography , " and that the change is an illicit overreach in authority .
Jim Wallace disagrees .
He runs the Australian Christian Lobby , and he told The Age newspaper that the policy made sense .
" ' If I 've got wooden products , I take them to customs to decide whether my wooden products have to be confiscated , have to be fumigated , or if I can go through with it , " he said .
" I see no difference in the approach that 's being applied here with pornography . ''
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
[ UPDATE : For a complete , up - to - the - minute timeline of Mother Jones ’ oil - spill coverage , click here . ]
Between the on- scene reporting of Mac McClelland , the political and environmental coverage of Kate Sheppard , and the scientific curiosity of Kevin Drum , I figured Mother Jones pretty much had every angle of the BP / Deepwater Horizon oil spill covered .
But it turns out there ’s a groundswell of support in the blogosphere for a radical solution to stop the spill : Drop a big ol ’ nuclear bomb on the mutha .
Sound nuts ?
That ’s what I thought , too , until I learned that the Russians have already done this a bunch of times — and that the US already has a bunch of bomb - savvy scientists brainstorming solutions in the Gulf .
Even weirder , though , is the support that some people are extending to the un-ironically - titled “ nuclear option . ”
Let ’s start with the Russians .
According to Vladimir Lagovsky of Komsomolskaya Pravda ( once a Soviet communist paper ) , “ In the USSR , a few such leaks were plugged with the help of the peaceful atom . ”
Five leaks , all underground , were plugged thusly , the paper says — starting with a 1966 natural gas fissure in Uzbekistan .
That one was snuffed using a 30 - megaton kiloton blast six kilometers deep — about one and a half times the size of the Hiroshima bomb .
“ The idea of the method is simple , ” Lagovsky writes .
“ An underground explosion pushes the rock , compresses it , and actually squeezes the channel well shut . ”
Sure enough , Russia Today even has a video of one natural gas leak and the subterranean blast that quelled it :
Yeah , but still .
Nuts .
I know .
Except maybe it ’s already been discussed by people … top people .
The Telegraph of London reported on May 14 that the Obama administration had sent a team of nuclear physicists , led by Energy Secretary Stephen Chu , to the Gulf to consult on solutions to the leak .
Also on that team : “ 82 - year - old Richard Garwin , who designed the first hydrogen bomb . ”
Conspiracy theorists , go wild !
Speaking of conspiracy theorists , there ’s a weird mix of support out there for this atom - smashing stratagem .
Christopher Brownfield , a former Navy submarine officer with a new book to sell ( Full disclosure : He was in the class behind me at the US Naval Academy ) , told Shepard Smith of Fox News that dropping a bomb in the Gulf to “ nuke the well shut ” is n’t the craziest idea in the world .
Brownfield ’s a bright guy , and he ’s no right - wing nut ; in fact , he ’s written impassioned posts on Daily Beast explaining why socialized medicine works for the military and why he could n’t vote for his hero , John McCain , for president .
( I sympathize ; it ’s totally a Bancroft Hall thing . )
But rest assured , not all proponents of the Mexican Mud Meltdown are stable college graduates .
Take , for instance , this thread on FreeRepublic.com , wherein steve0 and HiTech RedNeck try to convert the masses to their aim : “ Nuke the BP oil spill & environazis that get in the way , too much at stake . ”
They meet no small amount of resistance , which prompts steve0 to reply sardonically :
This should not be attempted .
It will be a catastrophic miscalculation .
For one thing , it will release Godzilla .
And for another , it wo n’t kill enough hippies .
What are you talking about , steve0 ?
You ’re killing me already .
[ If you appreciate our BP coverage , please consider making a tax - deductible donation . ]
10 . Did Terry Pratchett , who could be said to have recreated Death for his Discworld novels , create Death , to a degree , in his own image ?
One Discworld quote and one title of a Terry Pratchett non-Discworld book would seem to support such a notion .
The same word ( although pluralized in the first case ) fills in the blanks in the following two passages , the first a Death quote from the Discworld novel " Sourcery " , the second the title of a non-Discworld Terry Pratchett book .
Death quote : " ' I meant , ' said Iplsore bitterly , ' what is there in this world that makes living worthwhile ? '
Death thought about it .
' ___S , ' he said eventually , ' ____S ARE NICE .'
Title of a Terry Pratchett non-Discworld book " The Unadulterated ____ " .
What belongs in these blanks ?
Wizzard(s ) CAT( S ) Drug(s ) Book (s )
Do you know how to safe crack a wheel pack ?
Most combination locks use a wheel pack ; a set of wheels that work together to ' know ' the combination .
All wheel packs are all designed around the same principle .
The typical combination lock has a combination dial that is attached to a spindle .
Inside the lock , the spindle runs through several wheels and a drive cam .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The number of wheels in a wheel pack is determined by how many numbers are in the combination - one wheel for each number .
When you turn the dial , the spindle turns the drive cam .
Attached to the drive cam is a drive pin .
As the cam turns , the drive pin eventually makes contact with a small tab on the adjacent wheel called the wheel fly .
Each wheel has a wheel fly on each of its sides .
The drive pin spins the first wheel until it makes contact with the wheel adjacent to it .
This continues until all the wheels are spinning .
This is known as picking up the wheels .
Each wheel on the spindle has a notch cut into it .
When the right combination is dialed , all the wheels and their notches line up perfectly .
The fence is a small metal bar attached to a lever .
The fence prevents the safe door from being opened without the combination being dialed .
It does this by resting on the wheels and blocking the path of the bolt that secures the safe door .
When all the wheels line up , their notches align to form a gap .
In a padlock , this gap allows the hasp of the lock to release .
In a safe , there is a piece called the fence resting just above the wheels .
The fence falls into this gap under the force of its own weight .
With the fence gone , the bolt can slide freely past and the safe can be opened .
This content is not compatible on this device .
When all the wheels in the wheel pack are in the correct
position , their notches align to form a gap .
Under the force
of its own weight , the fence falls into the gap allowing
the safe to be opened .
The wheel pack design has been used for almost 100 years .
­ ­
When lightning makes your favorite AM radio station crackle and pop , it is also cleaning up a radiation hazard overhead .
Lightning in clouds only a few miles above the ground clears a safe zone in the radiation belts thousands of miles above the Earth , according to new NASA research .
The unexpected new result resolves a forty - year - old debate as to how the safe zone is formed and is the second big lightning result in the last month .
Image Right : Without lightning 's cleansing effect producing this protective safe zone in Earth 's radiation belts , it would be dangerous for satellites .
The camera pulls up through the clouds to a view from space .
Radio waves from lightning ( white glow ) travel along the Earth 's magnetic field and intercept particles in the safe zone region of the Van Allen Belts ( red spiral ) .
The radio waves deflect particles there , causing them to stream down the magnetic field line ( blue ) and impact Earth 's upper atmosphere .
This process occurs again until the safe zone is clear ( represented by a dimming of the red spiral ) .
Click on image for mpg , mov ( no audio ) , or download PRINT RESOLUTION still .
Credit : NASA / Walt Feimer .
The safe zone , called the " Van Allen Belt slot , " is a potential haven offering reduced radiation dosages for satellites that require Middle Earth Orbits ( MEOs ) .
Understanding this phenomenon may lead to ways to reduce the hazards of operating in these zones , which potentially could be a dramatic benefit to the Vision for Space Exploration in the future .
Image Left :
This data - based visualization shows the Van Allen Belts pulsing from solar particles over ten days .
The gap that appears toward the end shows a cleared - out safe zone for satellites .
The red ring represents the orbit of the IMAGE satellite , which dips into the safe zone every few days .
Click on image for movie ( no audio ) , or download print resolution still .
Credit : NASA / Tom Bridgman
" The multi-billion - dollar Global Positioning System satellites skirt the edge of the safe zone , " said Dr. James Green of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. , lead author of a paper on this research to appear in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
" Without the cleansing effect from lightning , there would be just one big , nasty radiation belt , with no easily accessible place to put satellites . "
If the Van Allen radiation belts were visible from space , they would resemble a pair of donuts around the Earth , one inside the other with the Earth in the " hole " of the innermost donut .
The Van Allen Belt slot region would appear as a space between the inner and outer donut .
The belts are actually comprised of high - speed electrically charged particles ( electrons and atomic nuclei ) that are trapped in the Earth 's magnetic field .
The Earth 's magnetic field has invisible lines of magnetic force emerging from the south polar region , out into space and back into the north polar region .
Because the radiation belt particles are electrically charged , they respond to magnetic forces .
The particles spiral around the Earth 's magnetic field lines , bouncing from pole to pole where the Earth 's magnetic field is concentrated .
Image Right :
The safe zone appears as a gap between the inner and outer ' donut , ' beginning about 7,000 km ( 4,350 miles ) and ending about 13,000 km ( 8,110 miles ) above the Earth 's surface .
Click on image for movie ( no audio ) .
Credit : NASA / Walt Feimer
Scientists debated two theories to explain how the safe zone was cleared .
The prominent theory stated that radio waves from space , generated by turbulence in the zone , cleared it .
An alternate theory , now confirmed with this research , posited that radio waves generated by lightning were responsible .
" We were fascinated to discover evidence that strongly supported the lightning theory , because we usually think about how the space environment affects the Earth , not the reverse , " said Green .
The flash we see from lightning is just part of the total radiation it produces .
Lightning also generates radio waves ( sometimes heard as static interference on AM radio stations during thunderstorms ) .
In the same way that visible light is bent by a prism , these radio waves are bent by electrically charged gas trapped in the Earth 's magnetic field , which causes the waves to flow out into space along the Earth 's magnetic field lines .
According to the lightning theory , radio waves emitted by lightning clear the safe zone by interacting with the radiation belt particles , removing a little of their energy and changing their direction .
This lowers the place above the polar regions where the particles bounce ( called the mirror point ) .
Eventually , the mirror point becomes so low that it is in the Earth 's atmosphere .
When this happens , the radiation belt particles can no longer bounce back into space , because they collide with atmospheric particles and dissipate their energy .
When magnetic storms caused by violent solar activity inject a new supply of high - speed particles into the safe zone , lightning clears them away in a few days to a few weeks , according to the team .
Engineers may one day design spacecraft to generate radio waves at the correct frequency and location to clear radiation belts around other planets .
This could be useful for human exploration of interesting worlds like Europa , a moon of Jupiter that orbits within the giant planet 's intense radiation belt .
Just last December , scientist realized that this safe zone is vulnerable to space radiation , if only temporarily .
Additional Links :
Flashes in the Sky : Earth 's Gamma - Ray Bursts Triggered by Lightning
Earth 's Safe Zone Became Hot Zone During Legendary Solar Storms
Lightning Spies
Lightning Strikes Twice
MSFC Lightning Research
Lightning Safety Awareness
Watch the Sun in Real - Time from your Computer
CNN 's new series i- List takes you to a different country each month .
In May , we visit Macedonia focusing on changes shaping the country 's economy , culture and its social fabric .
Skopje , Macedonia ( CNN ) --
A colorful mural runs along the outside the Blaze Koneski public school in Macedonia , but it 's been vandalized by graffiti artists who spray their tags all over the school .
There are metal bars on the windows and the building itself is run down and dilapidated .
We are here to interview a " child prodigy " for CNN 's i-List Macedonia .
Marco Calasan is the youngest Microsoft systems engineer in the world , holds four Microsoft certificates and has written a 312 - page book on Microsoft 's Windows 7 .
As we enter the classroom a young boy with a warm smile and dark , curly shoulder length hair pulled back in a ponytail , extends his hand and introduces himself .
Marco is just nine years old ; he 's an only child and a computer genius .
He takes us on a tour of the school computer lab , as if it were his home .
Marco only lives across the road but spends endless hours in here working away each day , well and truly after the school bell has rung .
Asked why he loves computers so much , Marco responds sagely that , " with knowledge , everything is possible . "
He goes on to give a detailed explanation of IPTV - the content delivery network system that he set up all by himself .
With his sweet , innocent voice , Marco explains how he streams high quality video throughout Macedonia and even provides a service for the country 's disabled .
Throughout the conversation , the word " Microsoft " peppers every single sentence and it becomes clear this child is obsessed with Bill Gates ' creation .
And while you'd think his impressive resume at such a young age would give him the right to be precocious , Marco is the complete opposite .
He 's humble , friendly and so very patient as I ask him to repeat and re-explain the computer jargon that flies over my head .
I ask whether he sees himself as special and gifted .
He tells me he 's just a regular kid , and forgets that he has all this knowledge in his head when he plays with his friends .
But Marco is anything but normal .
He speaks three languages and is learning a fourth and while English is not his mother tongue , his command of the language and vocabulary is mind - boggling .
In finite detail he explains the ins and outs of computers and the curriculum he 's teaching his peers and adults .
He even educates his own teachers .
Later this month he 's going to Montenegro where the government has asked him to give a presentation on his IPTV system .
Marco 's brain function is quite extraordinary .
Professor Elena Achkovska-Leshkovska at the Institute of Psychology in Skopje tested Marco when he was seven years old .
She found that his brain operated the same as a child over the age of 12 .
But just as fascinating was his high level of emotional and social skills .
Something not normally found in such gifted children .
As Marco chats away with the crew , his mother Radica stands proudly in the background .
With her jet back hair , slender figure and smiling face , this pretty young mum watches as her son dazzles the room .
Their bond is exceptionally close as they describe each other as best friends .
Radica works seven days a week running a computer business to make ends meet and every cent she earns goes straight to Marco and furthering his education .
Last month Radica had a health scare when she was diagnosed with breast cancer .
She spent a week in hospital having the tumor removed and when she got home , Marco had printed off more than 200 pages of information on breast cancer treatments , and what his mom should eat to make a full recovery .
Doctors have told Radica she must undergo chemotherapy but she 's reluctant to do so because she 's concerned she wo n't be able to care for her little boy .
Her other concern is Marco 's future .
She knows he needs opportunities and an education system that exists only in expensive overseas schools .
Something she cannot afford .
Despite the obstacles and challenges that await them both , a sense of calm and optimism surrounds this little boy and his mother .
They walk us out of the school and watch us leave , Radica with her arm lovingly around her gifted son .
The Victoria Advocate published a story today about some local miscreants with a political message :
They 've been spray - painting anti-Obama graffiti around town , labeling the President a communist and a liar and calling for him to be killed .
Of course , a photo of the graffiti accompanies the story : a shot of the scrawl on a street that reads " Kill Obama Comie [ sic ] . "
And , like just about every other photo the newspaper runs , the graffiti picture is available for purchase .
The Advocate — like many other papers — uses a photo service that allows readers to buy its pictures in a variety of formats .
So Advocate readers who sympathize with the sentiments of the graffiti can purchase " Kill Obama " T - shirts , mouse pads , coffee mugs , even a puzzle .
Advocate photographer Frank Tilley , who took the photo , said there 's no editorial decision - making about which of the paper 's photos go up for sale .
" It does n’t make any difference if it 's a shot of somebody getting shot in the head or somebody 's kid getting their hair cut , " Tilley said .
He said he's had numerous discussions with the paper 's technology department about coming up with some way to give the newsroom the ability to prevent photos that might be inappropriate for such purposes from being purchased on a T - shirt or coffee mug , but to no avail .
" No matter how many times I suggest we can't sell this , we can't sell that , [ they say ] they 're short - handed and swamped like everyone else , " he said .
The photo service that sells the pictures , St. Louis - based Second Street Media Solutions , said no one has purchased the Obama graffiti photo ... yet .
[ UPDATE ]
The Advocate this afternoon removed the option to buy the Obama graffiti photo .
Click here , and you 'll notice the link that used to say " Buy This Photo " is gone .
[ UPDATE 2 ] Chris Cobler , the editor of the Advocate , tells the Tribune that , contrary to what Tilley said earlier today , the paper does , in fact , have to the ability to make specific photos unavailable for sale , as it has now done with the Obama photo .
So what should Thrasher fans make of all these changes announced today ?
On the one hand , you could say that a new GM and a new Coaching staff represents the biggest front office change in the history of the franchise .
On the other hand , you could say that Waddell and Dudley were running the show last year and argue that the amount of change is more modest than it appears .
Time will tell whether today marks a pivot point toward a better future or a continuation of past disappointments .
( I have some stats I will post later on Anderson as head coach and Don Waddell as GM , but today I 'd like to just make some quick observations . )
Was this the plan all along at GM ?
In the past , I have heard talk that Don Waddell was asked by ownership if he wanted to become President or stay as GM .
Obviously he remained as GM .
It is possible that Waddell told the owners " look if you want a new GM , give him a year to evaluate the talent we have so he can hit the ground running . "
As Jay Feaster noted on NHL Live today , Dudley came in with the title Associate GM which suggested to many that Dudley had been designated as the successor of Waddell .
If scenario is correct , Dudley starts off with a big advantage over an outside GM who would need to spend at least half a season taking stock of the franchise 's resources .
In theory Dudley should be well equipped to make big decisions quickly .
State of the franchise ?
Dudley takes over a franchise with a mixture of good and bad points .
A general lack of success in Atlanta has lead to a shrinking fanbase ( and presumably bigger money losses for the owners ) and a pressing need for on ice success .
On the plus side , the Thrasher have more under - 25 talent than at any other point in their history .
Don Waddell has taken the hit for moving a popular star player sparing the new guy from dealing with that situation .
The Thrashers have more potential to contend in 2010 than they did in the last two summers .
So Dudley has a team with fiscal restraints , but more so , he has some talent to work with .
What kind of budget ?
One pressing question is how much money will Dudley be allowed to spend .
Atlanta Spirit spent to the cap max in the first two years after the lockout , then cut way back to near the floor the next two seasons .
This last year they increased payroll substantially and crossed over the cap midpoint and they offered Kovalchuk a huge contract .
But the increased spending only moved the team from 27th in the standings to 23rd and they are not going to see a dime off of playoff revenues .
The owners spent more and yet attendance went down .
Will they give Dudley the same $ 50 - 52 million budget that Waddell had last season , or will they cut back payroll and go with the young guys ?
What sort of coach might we see ?
One guy you can cross off the list is Mike Keenan .
Dudley and Keenan had a power struggle in Florida and the owner picked Keenan and Dudley was fired .
In the past , Dudley promoted John Tortarella over his pal Steve Ludzik , but " Torts " is still employed by the NY Rangers .
The beat writer for the Wild pointed towards John Torchetti as another close associate of Dudley 's who might be interviewed after the Blackhawks playoff run is over .
What kind of GM will Dudley be ?
Here are some interesting trends to ponder .
As GM of the Panthers Dudley twice traded down in the draft .
He traded the # 1 pick to the Blue Jackets .
So he 's not someone who is shy about wheeling and dealing on draft day .
He is also rumored have set up a deal to trade Vinny Lecavalier from Tampa to Toronto which was axed by ownership .
Dudley is not shy about working the phones to swing a big deal .
His draft day record is less encouraging .
Fans of Tampa and Florida point towards his habit of drafting European players such as Svitov , Arthyuhkin , Polushin , Holmqvist -- while his biggest hits ( with Florida ) came from drafting North America 's David Booth and Nathan Horton .
What about Waddell out - ranking him ?
Some fans are concerned that Waddell will secretly be making all the key decisions .
Here are some observations on this point .
Waddell tried to do everything himself as GM .
He wanted to be the chief scout , the CFO , the press office and he even coached for one full season .
Few people are skilled enough to do everything well .
If Don Waddell handles the contracts , marketing and even some media duties that could allow Dudley to focus like a laser on building a good hockey product .
Will Waddell micro-manage ?
He might be tempted from time to time -- and it is important that Dudley has a long term relationship with Waddell .
Unlike an outsider , Dudley can probably say to him " Don , I 've got this covered . "
I 'm sure they will talk daily about team business , but if Waddell really wants to see his friend be successful , he will have to let him run with the ball .
In fact , the one area where Waddell did n't try to micro-manage things was in coaching where he allowed them wide discretion .
If Waddell handles Dudley like he did the coaches , Dudley will have autonomy .
What sort of team does Dudley favor ?
Rick is a pretty quiet in terms of media interaction , but he has shown a preference for bigger players and the team added two giants ( Antropov and Kubina ) in the summer after he arrived .
I would expect a continuation of that trend towards more size and physicality .
Dudley also drafted Artyukhin when he was GM of Tampa , then the Thrashers traded for him at the deadline .
Obviously he likes the guy , so I would be shocked if Artyukhin is not back next year as well .
Will this help Atlanta with free agents ?
Waddell was widely viewed as not up to the job .
This only made signing quality free agents more difficult .
Dudley has not won any Stanley Cups , but he is generally viewed as an experienced hockey man .
If nothing else the Thrashers can put out the " Under New Management " sign and talk up their young core and shiny new GM -- that might save them a few $ when bidding on free agents or open some doors that would have been closed to GM Waddell .
Will this bring back fans ?
Not by itself .
I know a number of fans who stopping coming to games because Don Waddell burned through all their trust .
They took his continued presence in the GM job as an indicator of ownership indifference , some might even say contempt for their customers .
I happen to share my home with one of those people .
In the short run , putting Dudley in the GM chair removes one obstacle that kept some locals from supporting the team .
In the long run , a winning team and some post - season excitement is going to be necessary .
Wayne Pygram Wayne Pygram Character(s ) Isaac of Uluru Date of Birth October 13 , 1959 ( age 60 ) Origin Cootamundra , Australia IMDB IMDb profile
Wayne Pygram is an Australian actor who played the role of Isaac of Uluru .
Background
Also known for the role of " Scorpius " in the TV series Farscape
Also known for his small role as " Governor Tarkin " in Star Wars : Episode III : Revenge of the Sith .
Wayne Pygram as " Scorpius " on Farscape
We are deeply disturbed by the recent escalation of political assaults on scientists in general and on climate scientists in particular .
All citizens should understand some basic scientific facts .
The image associated with this article was selected by the editors .
We did not realize that it was not an original photograph but a collage , and it was a mistake to have used it .
magazine is deeply disturbed
To illustrate its item about scientific facts , chose this image of a doomed poley bear :
One small problem .
As James Delingpole reveals , that poley bear image is fake .
It ’s been photoshopped .
subsequently admitted Assays : “ There is always some uncertainty associated with scientific conclusions . ”
CORRECTION :
The text was a letter to , rather than by .
The selected photograph , however , was all 's work .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A national business lobbying group on Friday joined 20 U.S. states in a lawsuit challenging President Barack Obama ’s overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system .
The joint lawsuit led by Florida and now grouping 20 states was filed on March 23 by mostly Republican attorneys general .
It claims the sweeping reform of the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system , pushed through by Democrats in the U.S. Congress after months of bitter partisan wrangling , violates state government rights in the U.S. Constitution and will force massive new spending on hard - pressed state governments .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum , who is seeking the Republican nomination to run for Florida governor , told a news conference in Tampa an amended version of the lawsuit was filed on Friday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida .
In addition to seven states not named in the original complaint , McCollum said plaintiffs in the lawsuit now included the National Federation of Independent Business .
The NFIB describes itself as the leading association representing small U.S. businesses in America .
Karen Harned , who heads the NFIB ’s Washington - based small business legal center , told the news conference the healthcare reform law was both unconstitutional and bad for business .
“ The federal government has really simply gone too far with this law , ” she said .
Any healthcare overhaul should have addressed the problem of “ outrageously high healthcare insurance costs ” in America , but that did not happen , Harned added .
“ After all the political deals were made , small businesses were left with a law that does little to address costs and instead is filled with new mandates , taxes and paperwork requirements that increase the cost of doing business , ” she said .
McCollum said on Friday that the suit was likely to end up in the hands of the Supreme Court , but it may not be until 2013 before the court reaches a final decision in the case .
STATE VS .
FEDERAL RIGHTS
Many legal scholars believe the supremacy clause of the Constitution -- which puts the powers of the U.S. government above those of the states -- should prevail .
There seems to be no consensus on how the court might rule , however .
McCollum has said repeatedly that , apart from encroaching on state - government rights , the federal government cannot mandate that all citizens buy healthcare coverage or be forced to pay a tax penalty .
“ Our scholars all say that that ’s unconstitutional , ” he said .
The Justice Department , responsible for defending U.S. law in court , has said it will vigorously fight any challenges to the new healthcare law , which it insists is constitutional .
The White House has also said it believes the suits will fail .
Apart from Florida , states joining in the lawsuit include Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Colorado , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Nebraska , Nevada , North Dakota , South Carolina , South Dakota , Pennsylvania , Texas , Utah and Washington .
Another state , Virginia , has filed a separate suit , arguing that the new law ’s requirements that most Americans buy health insurance clash with a state law that exempts Virginians from federal fines to be imposed for not having health insurance .
Sorry guys in my guide for getting battery I said that you get 12 hours of battery on normal usage until you need to charge .
I ’m sorry to say I lied … I just got 12 hours of battery life and I have 35 % battery remaining !!!!!
Heres the proof
Heres the guide :
https://stuff2help.wordpress.com/android-evo/
UNITED NATIONS --
Governments are largely ignoring a biodiversity protection treaty they signed 17 years ago , allowing the rate of species decline to continue at an alarming rate , the United Nations said in a report released today .
" The abundance of vertebrate species , based on assessed populations , fell by nearly a third on average between 1970 and 2006 and continues to fall globally , " says the report , issued ahead of a top - level meeting of the Commission on Sustainable Development this week in New York .
" The five principal pressures directly driving biodiversity loss ( habitat change , overexploitation , pollution , invasive alien species and climate change ) are either constant or increasing in intensity . "
The report does see progress in the creation of preserves , in particular in the number of protected marine areas announced in recent months , but the overall assessment of the treaty by its Montreal - based secretariat paints a grim picture , saying habitat losses have offset gains .
Wetlands , salt marshes and habitats for shellfish seem to be suffering the most damage .
Nutrients washing off farmland are turning waterways into biological " dead zones , " the report says , and ocean acidification and stormwater runoff have made coral reefs " vulnerable to collapse . "
The report also sounds the alarm on overfishing , an area where government regulation has been particularly lax and which now threatens the impending collapse of important commercial fish stocks .
" This is a time of reckoning for decision makers committed to the global effort to safeguard the variety life on Earth and its contribution to human well - being , " Ahmed Djoghlaf , executive director of the Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) office , writes in a preface to the report .
" No country has reported that it will completely meet the 2010 target , and a few Parties have unequivocally stated they will not meet it . "
Djoghlaf 's office concludes that the failure of states to meet the terms and objectives of the biodiversity convention stems from the fact that environment ministries and agencies are too weak or are easily overruled by bureaucracies and politicians devoted to advancing commercial interests instead .
" The CBD has very nearly universal participation from the world 's governments , " the report notes , " yet those involved in its implementation rarely have the influence to promote action at the level required to effect real change . "
The only way to resolve this , the authors conclude , is to have a national government as a whole adopt the general premise that biodiversity preservation is a prerequisite to economic self - preservation .
The 10th Conference of Parties to the CBD will be held in October in Nagoya , Japan .
Member states are expected to adopt new biodiversity protection targets , this time for 2020 and 2050 , while debating why goals set in 2002 were missed and what to do about it .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
A new type of procedure for correcting short - sightedness could be safer than laser eye surgery , according to a new Cochrane Systematic Review .
The study also shows that patients prefer the new procedure , despite there being little difference between the two in terms of improving vision .
Myopia or short - sightedness is a condition where the eye focuses images in front of the retina instead of directly on it .
Myopia affects around a quarter of the population in Western countries and is becoming more common .
In recent years , the preferred corrective procedure for people wanting to avoid wearing glasses or contact lenses has been excimer laser refractive surgery , but a new alternative is the insertion of phakic intraocular lenses ( IOLs ) .
Both procedures work by changing the path of the light entering the eye and bringing images into focus in the right place .
Laser surgery does this by removing parts of the cornea , whereas the new procedure uses a synthetic lens inserted in front of the natural lens .
Until now , there has be no systematic review comparing the accuracy and safety of the two procedures and insertion of phakic IOLs has only been practiced in more severely short - sighted patients .
However , the new study suggests the procedure could be more widely used .
" Our findings suggest phakic IOLs are safer than excimer laser surgery for correcting moderate to high levels of short - sightedness , " says lead author Allon Barsam of the Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust in London , UK .
" Although it 's not currently standard clinical practice , it could be worth considering phakic IOL treatment over the more common laser surgery for patients with moderate short - sightedness . "
The researchers reviewed data from three trials comparing the two types of surgery , which together included surgeries performed on 228 eyes in 132 patients .
A year after surgery , the percentage of eyes with 20 / 20 vision without spectacles was the same for both procedures , but patients undergoing phakic IOL treatment had clearer spectacle corrected vision and better contrast sensitivity .
Patients also scored the phakic IOL procedure more highly in patient satisfaction questionnaires .
Phakic IOL treatment carries a slightly increased risk of cataract , but further investigation of long term adverse effects is needed , according to the researchers .
" There may be more long term risks unique to patients with phakic IOLs that are not apparent after one year of follow - up , " says Barsam .
Explore further Study compares LASIK and LASEK eye surgery
Play Big Brother and watch the staff of 1UP as we work live from the E3 Convention in Los Angeles .
Two million protest in France against government austerity policies
By Antoine Lerougetel
26 June 2010
Woerth , Sarkozy , try a bit harder , soon France will be the world champion for corruption
As many as two million people , according to trade union estimates , took to the streets in 200 towns and cities on Thursday in France ’s day of action in defence of pensions .
The numbers considerably surpassed the one million mobilized on May 27 , reflecting rising popular resistance to the austerity programmes being imposed at the behest of the banks in France and by governments all over Europe .
The protests , however , called by the trade unions , were designed to contain and dissipate this mass opposition .
In this , the unions are supported by the bourgeois left Socialist Party ( PS ) , the Communist Party ( PCF ) , the Left Party of Jean - Luc Mélenchon ( PG ) and the ex-radical New Anti-capitalist Party ( NPA ) of Olivier Besancenot .
A real pension at 60 is possible - tax profits
The pension cuts are part of measures required by the European Commission to reduce France ’s budget deficit of 8 percent of gross national product to 3 percent of GDP by 2013 , which will involve € 100 billion in cuts .
Sarkozy aims to raise the pension age from 60 to 63 .
However , on the day of the protest Le Monde published an interview with Socialist Party deputy Didier Migaud , who chairs the Court of Accounts , the fiscal watchdog .
He presented the body ’s latest report on the state of the country ’s finances , which stresses that € 100 billion will not be enough .
Migaud is a member of the national secretariat of the PS as an adviser on finance and fiscal policy to Martine Aubry , the first secretary of the party .
Play on words : " We are badly retired / treated "
He urged : “ It ’s necessary to act on all parameters , age , pay - in period , level of pensions , cost of contributions and the fund base .
...
But pensions are not the only issue .
We have to scrutinise social funding globally . ”
In this Migaud is fully in line with the IMF director general and PS heavyweight Dominique Strauss - Kahn , who is the frontrunner for the nomination as PS candidate in the 2012 presidential elections .
Strauss - Kahn has been instrumental in imposing the Greek austerity programme , among others , which have cut wages and pensions by up to half .
Greek students fighting committee - Let the plutocracy pay for the crisis
The Socialist Party , despite Martine Aubry ’s pledge in January to collaborate with the government in reducing the budget deficit and public debt though austerity plans and raising the age of retirement by two to three years , now promises to repeal such legislation if elected .
The fraudulent nature of such a promise was demonstrated by the party ’s vote for France ’s participation in the € 110 billion bailout of Greece , with draconian austerity measures to be carried out by Prime Minister George Papandreou ’s PASOK government .
The aim of the organisers of the French day of action was to channel the rising popular discontent behind the Socialist Party and the parliamentary timetable .
This comes at a time when the working class is losing confidence in the unions and the traditional left and seeks to break from their dominance and consider the general strike .
The organizers direct this policy in preparation for a “ left ” government in 2012 to carry out the austerity programme dictated by the banks .
Life begins at 60 - Pensioners of the world unite
The NPA appeal for participation in the day of action , published on its site June 24 , fully supports this perspective and its hope to be part of such a government — “ to build for a general strike ” with the unions and the left “ to maintain and increase a climate of general mobilisation so as to be ready for the parliamentary debate which will begin on September 7 . ”
Some 130,000 demonstrated on Thursday in Paris ( 43,000 according to the police ) , while estimates of participation in Bordeaux ranged from 25,000 to 80,000 ; 16,000 - 130,000 demonstrated in Marseille .
The figures were up in virtually every city from May 27 .
The rate of participation in strikes was also significantly higher than May 27 .
Official figures , traditionally conservative , gave 19.35 percent of state civil servants on strike ( up from 11.6 percent on May 27 ) , local government workers 15.9 percent ( up from 7.5 percent ) , hospitals 12.5 percent ( up from 8.3 percent ) , and education 18 percent ( up from 12 - 16 percent ) .
This suggests that well over a million government workers struck , under the threat of increased pension contributions , reduced pensions , a longer working life , a pay freeze until 2013 and the loss of 32,000 jobs per year .
Railway workers ' union banner on the Nice demonstration
The state railway company SNCF announced that nearly 40 percent of its employees participated in the action .
The Swiss national railway firm SBB stated that up to 60 percent of trains between France and Switzerland were cancelled as a result of the stoppage .
A strike by air traffic controllers resulted in 15 percent of flights being cancelled between 7 a.m. and 2 p.m. at Paris ’s main international hub , Charles de Gaulle airport , and at Orly , its other main airport .
Workers employed at the postal service , gas and electricity providers , some hospitals , power workers as well as private firms , including plane manufacturer Airbus , also participated in the action .
The power workers ’ stoppage resulted in a 7,000 megawatt cut in power capacity by midday .
EDF , the state energy company , said 16 percent of its workforce joined the action .
Newspaper production was halted as print workers supported the action .
As a result , Friday editions of Le Monde , Liberation and other dailies were affected .
Employees also struck at the state - owned France Inter and France Info radio services .
Bernard Thibault , general secretary of the CGT ( General Confederation of Labour , France ’s largest union confederation ) , asserted that the success of the mobilisation meant that “ The present bill reforming pensions must not be submitted to the cabinet on July 13 . ” A CGT statement called for the “ opening of a real cycle of negotiations with the unions . ”
Minister of Labour Eric Woerth told the press : “ It was quite a strong mobilisation … of course it in no way changes the will of the government to save the pension system and notably to do so by raising the legal age of retirement . ”
WSWS teams covered demonstrations in several cities and distributed the WSWS statement For revolutionary socialist opposition to Sarkozy ’s austerity .
Sylvie , Chrystelle , Mario and Hakim
The Paris demonstration was largely dominated by delegations bearing the banners and flags of the Socialist Party - aligned CFDT and Communist Party - aligned CGT unions and participants were largely middle - aged .
As with reports from other cities , it was virtually impossible to find any demonstrators who believed that the spaced - out mobilisations being organised by the unions would protect them from austerity .
There were few political parties of the left in view , and despite the NPA ’s occasional references to a general strike on its site , the party issued no leaflet and had no placards or banners calling for one .
John Recayte , a public sector worker at the tax office , said , “ The left is badly organised and the PS and the PCF are in great difficulty . ”
He added that the “ the revolutionary project has lost much of its credibility since the fall of the Berlin wall . ”
Mme . Offredo Marypol , 58 , has been unemployed for three years , though she has a state diploma as a teacher of children with learning difficulties : “ I ’ve got three handicaps : I ’m old , I command a high salary and I have a lot of experience . ”
She said government legislation obliging employers to take on older workers , “ the senior contract ” , was useless : “ The boss prefers to pay a fine rather than to employ a senior , ” she said .
With the reform of pensions she would have to wait another four years to have a pension .
Lionel teaches French at a Paris secondary school .
“ I ’ll be on strike from after the holidays in September , ” he said .
“ Of course I agree with a general strike , I hope it continues until a general strike . ”
Paul , 71 , opposed the pauperisation of the population .
“ We absolutely need an international party , independent of the unions .
Capital works at an international level and the trade unions just react at a national level .
It does n’t work . ”
Some 10,000 demonstrated in Nice , in the south of France , with delegations from the unions and “ left ” parties .
These forces distributed no serious political leaflets , providing only statistics and attacking Sarkozy and explaining nothing about the situation in other European countries or internationally .
Demonstrators told the WSWS that they were angry with Sarkozy and agreed with a European - wide strike and unity with all other countries ’ workers , but did now know how to proceed to do this .
None expressed any confidence in the Socialist Party or the unions .
They wanted to continue the strike to put pressure on the government and expressed fear for the future of their children .
In Tours , in central France , demonstrators told the WSWS that , though the demonstration was large , the unions had no policy .
They were disappointed that there was no rally at the conclusion of the march and that people just dispersed with no perspective .
One woman commented , “ The unions have no answer .
I ’m bitter ; this is nothing .
These days of action are pure protest , nothing else . ”
Some 6,000 demonstrated in Amiens .
Hakim , a CGT shop steward , and Sylvie , Chrystelle and Mario , public sector workers from the CROUS service looking after the social needs of students , said that it was always the workers who were paying for the crisis .
Sylvie and Chrystelle , both canteen workers , complained that their conditions of work gave them a painful skeletal muscular disorder .
Reacting to the statement of Jean - Claude Trichet , president of the European Central Bank , that the economic and political situation was the worst since 1939 or even 1914 , Hakim was dubious that the trade unions or pressure from the streets could provide a solution for the working class .
Delphine , an entertainment industry worker , said , “ What we are going through is very violent . ”
Referring to the recent sacking of two France Inter political satirists by their Sarkozy - appointed boss , she said , “ They want to force us to be silent .
The government wants to crush all critical voices .
We need to build up forces that can fight this . ”
Maxim and Patrick
Patrick , a teacher at a vocational college , and his son Maxim , studying science in his second year of the high school , were protesting against pensions being pushed back to age 62 .
Patrick said , “ I ’m fed up with everything in general : job cuts , large classes , salaries decreasing — they think we ’re idiots .
This situation cannot be changed by the present actions and organizations .
Perhaps not by a revolution , but by something tougher than this .
“ I agree that all public enterprises should be nationalized — it ’s the only solution .
But you need honest people .
The world cannot be allowed to exist as it is anymore . ”
Maxime agreed : “ It ’s very hard to live in such a world . ”
A true measure of economic vitality is measured by wealth .
We can look at incomes or other measures of productivity but real wealth is measured by net worth .
Who controls wealth in the U.S. ?
According to a study from the Joint Center for Housing Studies the top 25 % of U.S. households control 87 % of all wealth in the country .
That number comes out to a nice hefty sum of $ 54.2 trillion .
If we look even closer at income distribution , we will find that the top 1 percent in our country control 42 percent of all financial wealth .
By all measures being able to acquire a piece of financial wealth was the hallmark of the middle class of previous years .
Today we have a society largely in debt to credit cards , auto loans , student loans , and immense mortgage debt .
Net worth is measured by looking at assets minus liabilities and many Americans are lucky to break even while many have a negative net worth .
Even after the current wealth destruction of the recession , our country has grown wealthier and wealthier over time and the trend is clear :
Source : Wikipedia
Yet more and more of this added wealth is filtering its way to a smaller group and not necessarily the most productive in our country .
In the first quarter of 2010 some of the biggest banks in this country made continuous profits without really adding any benefit to our economy or society :
Source : ABC News
In fact , many of these banks simply made money by hoarding money and actually lending it back to the U.S. government ( who actually bailed them out to begin with ) .
These were n’t successful companies that produced a solid product .
These are the companies that failed but had politically bought out the right connections .
The U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve are designed to protect the top bracket of our society while allowing the systematic dismantling of the middle class .
They call the current process the “ free market ” but this does n’t apply to the biggest corporations in our country .
In fact , many have leveraged the current recession to squeeze out every ounce of productivity from their current workers .
Buying out politicians through lobbyist is merely another line item expense on their balance sheet .
Corporations are holding many working class Americans financially hostage .
And if you look at our big trade partner in China , you will see that income disparities are also rising there :
“ ( China Daily )
He said the income difference measured by certain indexes such as Gini coefficient might not reflect the real situation in China as it fails to take the local social welfare system and wealth disparity into account .
“ Things could be even worse if we consider all these aspects , ” warned Li , citing although the index of the United States is also above 0.4 , but expenditure on social security and welfare accounts for about 50 percent of its total fiscal outlay , 40 percentage points higher than in China .
In addition , the assets of the richest 10 percent of the population account for 45 percent of the total residential assets in China , while the poorest 10 percent own just 1.4 percent of the total assets , according to an official report released in 2004 . ”
Think of those banking profits in the first quarter of this year .
It would be one thing if banks were lending to Americans and small businesses making local communities stronger .
Instead , they are gambling on the rigged stock market which really has become disconnected from every typical American .
Trillions of dollars in bailout funds have been diverted to protecting the banking interest which in turn looks after the interest of the corporatocracy :
Source : It Takes a Pillage
When you break it down like this , you can see why most Americans have felt very little impact from the historical amounts of bailouts that have gone into the system .
The quarterly profits from the banks should tell you exactly what is occurring .
As local small businesses struggle with the recession and have difficult times accessing loans , big corporations and banks have no problem getting funding because they already have control of most of the wealth in our country .
And contrary to the propaganda out from Wall Street , most Americans earn money from their jobs and not investing or speculating on stocks :
Source : Survey of Consumer Finance
90 percent of all households earn 70 percent or more of their income from wages ( presumably from actual work ) .
But take a close look at the capital gains line .
The vast majority of Americans get 2 percent or less of all their income from capital gains .
You have to get into the top 10 percent to see any sizeable amount .
And even here , you would have to break into the top 1 percent to see real sizeable gains .
So this idea that the stock market reflects the health of Main Street is bogus but is a form of consumer manipulation to get more people into the rigged stock market to continue to fund the corporatocracy hunger for more capital .
Now that they have control of the government , they do n’t care if average Americans jump into the game .
It is easier to rob it directly from bought off politicians .
Even as the recession has put our underemployment rate to 17 percent and has wiped out trillions of dollars in aggregate wealth , those at the top have actually become richer relative to most Americans .
You see many of these banking PR representatives with their sob stories of how much money they have lost .
It is nonsense because money is worth what you can buy with it .
So now , that millionaire banker wo n’t have to spend $ 20 million for that private home , he can have it for $ 10 million .
So his salary might be off by 10 or 15 percent but his buying power just increased because most people are struggling with wealth destruction if they work in the real economy .
Or these large banks can hire cheap labor since so many people are unemployed and use bailout funds to turbo - charge their bonuses .
This is how America is looted by the corporatocracy .
The corporation in the eyes of the law is seen as a person .
Yet it is driven by :
- The bottom line - Disregard for workers long - term stability - Ignores long - term objectives - Narcissistic behavior
In fact , it is a casebook psychopath .
Yet under the law it is treated as a person and presumably , is acting under a moral obligation to society .
If you went out and robbed a bank , you will go to prison .
If a corporate bank robs the U.S.
Treasury , it gets even more money with the threat of “ we are too big to fail . ”
So it should be no shock that banks are raiding the public trust and buying out politicians even though the current Wall Street structure is damaging to the health of America .
These people are so delusional preaching their “ all things are great ” mantra and forget to see that the current structure has led us to the biggest economic calamity since the Great Depression .
Clearly something has failed here .
If we keep allowing the current structure to play out the middle class will slowly fade away and be replaced by an even stronger corporatocracy .
The growing income disparity should give you a quick hint where things are heading .
The fact that you ca n’t pay for college without going into massive debt through the banks is another hint of where we are going .
This falls into the new paradigm of corporate rule because they would love nothing more than a giant population of mindless drones who simply go out and purchase their goods without questioning the system .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
PUBLIC OPINION PUBLIC OPINION From Truman to Obama , see each president 's ratings with USA TODAY 's approval tracker .
WASHINGTON  Americans anxious about unemployment and the economy increasingly blame President Obama for hard times , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds , amid signs of turbulence in November 's midterm elections .
Last week 's jubilant signing of the health care overhaul , Obama 's signature domestic initiative , seems to have given the president little boost .
Instead , his standing on four personal qualities has sagged , and 50 % of those surveyed say he does n't deserve re-election .
USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL : USA fumes over politics " People are still hurting ; a lot of people are still struggling , and I think a lot of what we 're seeing in the polls reflects people 's views on the economy , " says Rep. Chris Van Hollen , head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
" At the same time , things have been improving .
Clearly the economy is growing again , " Van Hollen said .
" I believe that if we begin to see positive job growth , people 's confidence will return and that will change the dynamic . "
In the survey last Friday through Sunday , the president gets tough treatment : • Obama 's standing on four key personal qualities , including being a strong and decisive leader and understanding the problems Americans face in their lives , has dipped .
For the first time since the 2008 campaign , he fails to win a majority of people saying he shares their values and can manage the government effectively .
•
Twenty - six percent say he deserves " a great deal " of the blame for the nation 's economic problems , nearly double the number who felt that way last summer .
In all , half say he deserves at least a moderate amount of blame .
The blame directed at his predecessor , former president George W. Bush , has n't eased , however : 42 % now give Bush " a great deal " of blame , basically unchanged from 43 % last July .
• By 50 % - 46 % , those surveyed say Obama does n't deserve re-election .
Obama 's approval rating on handling the economy , foreign affairs and the federal budget deficit has n't significantly changed from February .
It has risen a bit on health care , though he does n't get majority approval on any of the categories .
Even so , the president fares better than other Washington leaders .
In the poll , 52 % say they have a favorable opinion of Obama .
That 's much higher than House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( 36 % ) , House Republican Leader John Boehner ( 29 % ) , Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid ( 29 % ) and Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell ( 31 % ) .
The telephone poll of 1,033 adults has a margin of error of +/— 4 percentage points .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
TORONTO ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Canada ’s first pay TV pornography channel will begin airing October 28 .
Montreal - based Sex - Shop Television licensed the channel , called Vanessa , in 2007 as a national pay TV service .
But it ’s only now launching the French - language adult subscription channel in liberal Quebec for $ 14.95 a month , with an English - language counterpart promised for the rest of Canada in late 2011 .
The Canadian Radio- Television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) , Canada ’s TV watchdog , said the porn channel must follow industry codes on violence and “ equitable portrayals ” of the sexes .
The service , billed as “ Canada ’s Playboy Channel , ” must air at least 20 percent homegrown content , leaving lots of room on the dial for U.S. - originated content .
The CRTC overcame earlier objections from Christian groups that argued the Canadian - content obligations for Vanessa meant young Canadians will be hired to work in the porn industry , and that Ottawa was in effect sustaining a homegrown adult entertainment industry .
The Vanessa channel promises a range of erotic - themed dramas , reality shows , documentaries and variety and magazine shows .
The Quebec broadcaster also will broadcast its soft - core porn content in HD .
Canadian cable and satellite TV services already feature a host of XXX - rated pay TV adult content at the top of their dials , but they source the programing from U.S. suppliers .
Sex - Shop Television must now convince cable and satellite TV services to carry the French - language porn channel and market it to potential subscribers .
news Banksy Comes to Toronto !
— We got our hands on four more photos of four more new pieces in Toronto by either Banksy or someone doing an awfully good Banksy impression — one piece in Chinatown , and three more close to the waterfront ( but not to each other ) .
The latest additions start in the gallery above , here .
Spot any others ?
Email [ email protected ] .
— Just as fast , the pieces are starting to disappear .
This one , which was located at Adelaide and Brant , was gone as of this morning :
Photo by Nick Kozak / Torontoist .
… and we ’ve heard from a few people now ( including commenters ) that this one , on the back of a sign in the Port Lands , has vanished , too .
— With the CBC now reporting that Banksy ’s publicist has confirmed that at least some of the pieces are real work , and with all other evidence pointing in the direction of our earliest hunch , it ’s time we ditched the question mark in this article ’s original title ( “ Banksy Comes to Toronto ? ” ) for an exclamation point .
We ’re as certain as we can be that these works are the real thing .
: You can follow our continuing coverage of Banksy ’s Toronto trip — from false sightings to painted - over pieces to , now , our list of where to find each piece — here .
Photos , unless otherwise noted , by Gary Smithson .
There 's a lot of questions to be asked about yesterday 's market sell off .
Why did Accenture have a huge volume spike then go to $ 0.01 bid ?
Did NYSE cancel all trades between 2:40 pm and 3:00 pm that had a price delta of 60 % like NASDAQ did ?
The exchange got back to us and answered the following questions for you :
Q : Why did NYSE listed stocks like ACN and IGM go to 1 cent or near - zero bids ?
A : Orders were rerouted to electronic markets .
Q : Were those orders at those prices canceled ?
A : See above .
No trades canceled .
Q : Why were bids like that allowed to take place on the exchange when the NYSE has Designated Market Makers in place to prevent such a thing ?
A : The human element helps .
It 's a differentiated market model .
Our exchange mechanism functioned properly yesterday .
When movements become rapid and electronics can't handle it , our humans step in .
They bring in sellers and buyers means the market can't value that stock at that time properly .
Q : And lastly , NASDAQ announced trades between 2:40 pm and 3:00 pm yesterday would be canceled if price delta was 60 % or higher .
Will NYSE be making a similar announcement or move ?
A : NYSE Arca ( NYSE 's electronic market ) is doing the same thing .
NYSE is not .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The Republican strategy for attacking Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan has been revealed .
And even by the standards of a party that has drifted far from its moral and ideological moorings , it is remarkable .
Ad Policy
The RNC ’s complaint : Kagan agrees with former Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall that the sections of the U.S. Constitution that not merely accepted slavery but identified slaves as less than human were “ defective . ”
The current solicitor general of the United States and former dean of Harvard Law School once clerked for Justice Marshall , the lawyer for the civil rights movement who was the first African - American to serve on the nation ’s highest court .
Like many Americans of varying political and ideological backgrounds , Kagan respects both Marshall ’s legacy as a lawyer and a jurist who recognized America ’s ability to progress in the direction of what the first Republican president of these United States referred to as “ a more perfect union . ”
In accepting President Obama ’s nomination to sit on the bench where Marshall once sat , Kagan referred to her mentor as a justice “ who did more to promote justice over the course of his legal career than did any lawyer in his lifetime . ”
This was not the first time that Kagan hailed Justice Marshall ’s view of the law and the Constitution .
In a 1993 Texas Law Review article , the nominee wrote :
During the year that marked the bicentennial of the Constitution , Justice Marshall gave a characteristically candid speech .
He declared that the Constitution , as originally drafted and conceived , was " defective " ; only over the course of 200 years had the nation " attain[ed ] the system of constitutional government , and its respect for … individual freedoms and human rights , we hold as fundamental today . "
In a memo attacking Kagan , which the RNC distributed around the same time President Obama nominated her , the committee demanded to know : “ Does Kagan Still View Constitution ‘ As Originally Drafted And Conceived ’ As ‘ Defective ’ ? ”
RNC chair Michael Steele , echoed that objection , with a declaration that : “ Given Kagan ’s opposition to allowing military recruiters access to her law school ’s campus , her endorsement of the liberal agenda and her support for statements suggesting that the Constitution ‘ as originally drafted and conceived ’ was ‘ defective , ’ you can expect Senate Republicans to respectfully raise serious and tough questions to ensure the American people can thoroughly and thoughtfully examine Kagan ’s qualifications and legal philosophy before she is confirmed to a lifetime appointment . ”
No one has ever accused Michael Steele of being an expert of the Constitution , the Supreme Court or American history .
Nor has anyone ever accused the RNC chair of thinking before he attacks .
But even Steele could have figured out the “ defect ” to which Marshall was referring .
There was nothing obscure in the reference .
Nor was it a radical statement .
Marshall ’s 1987 speech , delivered as part of a celebration of the Constitution , was grounded in the history of the republic and mainstream thinking with regard to the evolution of the American experiment .
Said the justice :
[ T ]he government they devised was defective from the start , requiring several amendments , a civil war , and momentous social transformation to attain the system of constitutional government , and its respect for the individual freedoms and human rights , we hold as fundamental today .
When contemporary Americans cite " The Constitution , " they invoke a concept that is vastly different from what the Framers barely began to construct two centuries ago .
For a sense of the evolving nature of the Constitution we need look no further than the first three words of the document ’s preamble : ‘ We the People . "
When the Founding Fathers used this phrase in 1787 , they did not have in mind the majority of America ’s citizens .
" We the People " included , in the words of the Framers , " the whole Number of free Persons . "
On a matter so basic as the right to vote , for example , Negro slaves were excluded , although they were counted for representational purposes at three - fifths each .
Women did not gain the right to vote for over a hundred and thirty years .
These omissions were intentional .
The record of the Framers ’ debates on the slave question is especially clear :
The Southern States acceded to the demands of the New England States for giving Congress broad power to regulate commerce , in exchange for the right to continue the slave trade .
The economic interests of the regions coalesced : New Englanders engaged in the " carrying trade " would profit from transporting slaves from Africa as well as goods produced in America by slave labor .
The perpetuation of slavery ensured the primary source of wealth in the Southern States .
Despite this clear understanding of the role slavery would play in the new republic , use of the words " slaves " and " slavery " was carefully avoided in the original document .
Political representation in the lower House of Congress was to be based on the population of " free Persons " in each State , plus three - fifths of all " other Persons . "
Moral principles against slavery , for those who had them , were compromised , with no explanation of the conflicting principles for which the American Revolutionary War had ostensibly been fought : the self - evident truths " that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . "
The most significant message that can be taken from Marshall ’s speech — and from Kagan ’s recognition of it — is to be found in the warmth with which an aging champion of the rule of law — who had in his younger years been forced to battle for equal protection — embraced the Constitution as a great and vital document that was worthy of celebration .
“ We will see , ” Marshall explained , “ that the true miracle was not the birth of the Constitution , but its life , a life nurtured through two turbulent centuries of our own making , and a life embodying much good fortune that was not . ”
These are wise words , words based in experience and in love of the law , and the fact that Kagan highlighted them speaks well of her as a legal scholar and as a nominee to join the highest court in the land .
Marshall ’s sentiments , and Kagan ’s , are those of the abolitionists who gathered at Ripon and the “ radicals ” who demanded an Emancipation Proclamation and then led the fight to amend the Constitution to say that “ neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States , “ of Presidents Abraham Lincoln , Ulysses Grant and Dwight Eisenhower , of former Chief Justice Earl Warren and retiring Justice John Paul Stevens , of Ohio Congressman William McCulloch and New York Senator Jacob Javits — Republicans all , who championed the struggle against slavery , segregation and “ Jim Crow . ”
That the Republican National Committee of this day would attack Marshall and Kagan for upholding the faith of the founder of the Republican party says two things :
To make Gentoo a much better platform for Ruby development , I ’ve started working last year on the Ruby - NG eclasses which provide a way to install Ruby extensions for multiple Ruby implementations in parallel ( leaving to the user the choice for what to install them — unlike Python ) .
I say “ eclasses ” because one is general and another is used to install RubyGems - based packages , with “ fake ” specifications that sidestep problematic dependencies and other similar issues .
Now , when I started implementing this , my idea was to add support for Ruby 1.9 and JRuby ( both of which were missing before ) , but the result was suitable for Ruby Enterprise as well , which Alex has been working on lately .
The end result is that , for standalone Ruby extensions , the eclasses were well received , and more than half the tree now uses the new eclasses :
Update ( 2016-04-29 ) :
This used to include live graphs , but these graphs are now lost , I ’m sorry .
What we have n’t yet experimented too much with is using the new eclasses to support bindings that are part of bigger packages , like obexftp which is still broken .
I guess is another reason why you should split foreign language bindings rather than keep them monolithically inside the single package .
I was talking about this with Hans today and I think this is one of the things we should work on soon , if we want to deprecate the old eclasses .
As it is , just a handful of simple Ruby extensions are missing to be migrated before we can “ safely ” unmask Ruby 1.9 ( I say “ safely ” because I expect the tinderbox to go crazy once Ruby 1.9 is unmasked and selected , but that ’s beside the point now ) .
Now , back to Ruby 1.8 and Enterprise .
Since I had to fix the two of them for BerkDB 5.0 I decided to backport the patch I made for Ruby 1.9 to enable -- no - undefined when linking extensions .
Interestingly enough , this shown up the problem ( already fixed by Alex ) with the OpenSSL bindings in the upstream package — remind you of something ?
Enabling the -- no - undefined flag on all the Ruby versions available , means that we can be sure that the extensions built will work as intended on all of them , and that a patch from one version wo n’t break it on another .
Well , it does not give us 100 % safety , but it at least increases it .
Without this change , adding a call to a newly - introduced function could produce a non-working extension without warning , but for an abort at runtime .
Unfortunately this does not happen without consequences and false positives ; ruby - gstreamer is an example of this : it fails because of the undefined symbols in the extension ; the extension is not broken ( but the ebuild is ) , it simply needs another extension to provide those symbols before it is loaded .
I think this is a very rare situation and I ’d rather deal with this on a case - by - case basis rathe than leave all the undefined references as “ fine ” — I said that the ebuild is broken ; the problem is that the extension needs ruby - glib at runtime and we currently do n’t depend on it at all .
The next steps are obviously to run the tinderbox with all the Ruby implementations enabled and see how it works out , so that maybe we can improve the lines on this graph :
Update ( 2016-04-29 ) :
This used to include live graphs , but these graphs are now lost , I ’m sorry .
To improve this situations , I tried to solve the test - unit problem .
Ruby 1.9 ships with a reduced test - unit implementation ( which is what is also available as minitest in Gentoo , for 1.8 , JRuby and EE ) ; since most testsuite need the full - blown test - unit interface , there is a test - unit gem to provide it for Ruby 1.9 .
It ’s not entirely API compatible , but it comes very near to that .
After this , another implementation was created , test - unit - 2 , which is even less API compatible but provides enhanced features , and works on ( almost ) all implementation – it fails on JRuby maybe for a JRuby bug .
Unfortunately , auto - gem loading causes test - unit - 2 from loading on all the implementations , if installed , which is the reason why we ’re keeping it masked .
While I still have n’t found a proper solution to deal with this ; the best choice I can see now is just depend on the 1.x series of test - unit ( only available for Ruby 1.9 ) by default ; depend on test - unit - 2 if the package needs it ; and block test - unit - 2 if the package fails tests with it installed .
This should allow to cover most of the needs of our users .
Finally , a request if somebody feels like playing a bit around with Unix commands , to improve the way we currently install the Ruby - NG based ebuilds .
Since we install for up to four targets at the same time , most of the time we install multiple copies of the same files .
They can easily become a problem .
While I know there is a ( very incomplete ) work for btrfs to support live data de-duplication , it would be very nice if we could , at some point , reduce the waste due to this , without relying on the filesystem .
I ’m afraid I have no knowledge on how to do that , but if we could just run some pass of software after the install is complete ( we can easily hook stuff like that up in the eclass ) we could then use hardlinks between the files that are identical rather than having to install them multiple times .
Anyway , this is enough for now , news will follow , and please let us know if an extension that “ worked ” before now fails to build for undefined symbols … we ’ll have to deal with them , one way or the other !
As the US Copyright Group continues with its plans to force settlements from thousands of individuals who they claim illegally shared copyright movies using BitTorrent , opposition to their turn - piracy - into - profit scheme grows .
Tomorrow the EFF steps up to the mark in a federal court to argue for the breaking up of the lawsuits .
If successful they could strike a significant blow to this operation .
The US Copyright Group ( USCG ) – a front for the Dunlap , Grubb & Weaver lawfirm – has made dozens of headlines this year after its entrance into the pay - up - or - else file - sharing revenue generation market .
They track alleged file - sharers in the U.S. on BitTorrent and threaten legal action against them but , as is common with these schemes around Europe , all people have to do is pay up a settlement fee and the whole thing can be made to go away .
As pioneered by lawyers such Davenport Lyons and ACS : Law in the UK , USCG aim to obtain the real identities of those behind the IP addresses they have collected in the cheapest possible manner .
Filing separate lawsuits against each individual would prove prohibitively expensive and would mean that there would be little profit to be made .
Instead they put them all together in a single lawsuit .
In court filings the EFF , Public Citizen and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) joined forces to attack the strategy , filing an amicus brief in three cases and arguing how these lawsuits “ flout the legal safeguards that protect individuals ’ rights ” and asking that all but one of the ‘ John Doe ’ defendants should be removed from the lawsuits .
In response , a judge asked USCG to explain why she should n’t do just that .
In brief , USCG ’s response was that all of the defendants are linked since they all used BitTorrent to acquire / share the file in question , and by its very nature they will all be sharing data with each other .
While on the surface their argument might seem solid , there are plenty of holes .
Tomorrow , Court 2 of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia will hear a submission from the EFF where it will argue for the breaking up of these lawsuits which they say improperly targets thousands of BitTorrent users by wrongfully denying them “ fair access to individual justice ” .
Countering the assertion by USCG that by virtue of the fact that all the defendants used BitTorrent they must therefore be linked , EFF Senior Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry will argue that the company has not provided enough evidence to prove that .
“ The stakes are high for anyone identified in USCG ’s slipshod cases , ” writes the EFF .
“ USCG ’s strategy appears to be to threaten a judgment of up to $ 150,000 per downloaded movie — the maximum penalty allowable by law in copyright suits and a very unlikely judgment in cases arising from a single , noncommercial infringement — in order to pressure the alleged infringers to settle quickly for $ 1,500 – $ 2,500 per person . ”
In the United States and the United Kingdom alike , it is the ability for lawyers to cheaply bundle targets together in one convenient lawsuit that provides the lifeblood to these schemes .
Once the ‘ unit cost ’ goes up to one person / one lawsuit , the whole enterprise becomes so expensive that it is no longer profitable .
If the EFF can win this battle , it will be a significant victory .
El rompehielos Irízar navegará nuevamente en noviembre de 2011 .
Así lo estiman los funcionarios del astillero Tandanor , donde es reparado el buque emblema de los intereses argentinos en la Antártida .
El 11 de abril de 2007 el navío se incendió por una falla en los generadores .
Mar adentro , a 260 kilómetros de Puerto Madryn , 241 tripulantes y pasajeros fueron rescatados .
No hubo víctimas .
Pero el barco quedó inutilizado .
En un momento se pensó más en dejarlo como chatarra que en revivirlo .
Se buscaron alternativas hasta que la decisión del Ministerio de Defensa fue recuperar el buque de la Armada y modernizar sus sistemas .
En noviembre del año pasado , finalmente , el Irízar ingresó en Tandanor , en el puerto de Buenos Aires .
Según comprobó LA NACION en una recorrida , hoy se trabaja sobre sus estructuras .
El casco no fue afectado por las llamas , que doblaron las estructuras metálicas del interior .
Esos hierros expandidos anormalmente pueden observarse durante las tareas de desmantelamiento .
Dan una dimensión de lo ocurrido .
Se cumplieron seis de las diez etapas previstas para quitar el material dañado .
Al finalizar el proyecto habrán sido removidas 770 toneladas de hierro .
El 30 % más de lo que se estimó al comenzar la labor , informó el ingeniero Martín Canevaro , a cargo del proyecto .
Hasta el momento , se avanzó en el 25 por ciento de los trabajos de ingeniería básica y de detalle ; el 50 por ciento en las tareas de desguace , y el 40 por ciento en la compra de sistemas de propulsión y de generación eléctrica .
El presupuesto para la reparación del Irízar es de 326 millones de pesos .
La primera propuesta de arreglo superaba los 500 millones de pesos .
" El anteproyecto fue pedido a la empresa STX , ex Aker , por su experiencia en el rubro y tasó la recuperación y modernización del rompehielos en 97 millones de euros , con un plazo de 30 meses .
El precio y la forma de pagos eran inaceptables , por lo que se decidió realizar aquí los trabajos " , explicó Mario Fadel , presidente de Tandanor .
Otros cinco buques cargueros , con banderas de Chile , Brasil y Alemania , son reparados en ese astillero recuperado para formar un polo de industria naval con el vecino Almirante Storni .
Son 540 operarios los que trabajan en Tandanor , con otros 700 que actúan como subcontratistas de acuerdo con el volumen de tareas demandadas .
" El Irízar será nuestra graduación " , dijo Fadel .
Nuevas misiones
Aquellos que trazan los planos del proyecto indicaron que el Irízar conservará su fisonomía característica , con esa torre de 42 metros cuyas cubiertas forman la postal típica del buque de la Armada .
Por dentro los cambios serán muchos , afirmaron en Tandanor .
Es que una de las particularidades de la modernización del rompehielos tiene que ver con una modificación de funciones : se apostará a convertirlo en un soporte de logística para tareas científicas , más que su tradicional uso como abastecedor de bases antárticas .
Cumplirá , sí , la tarea como sostén vital de la base Belgrano II , la más cercana al Polo Sur y la de más difícil acceso para buques de menor porte .
Pero está decidido que la Argentina contará en un futuro inmediato con un buque polar propio para la misión de traslado de cargas anuales .
Tal como ahora se realiza con el navío ruso alquilado tras el siniestro en el Irízar .
El rompehielos hará funciones de transporte , pero se alistará para misiones de otras características .
Por eso en el plan de modernización está previsto aumentar las zonas destinadas a laboratorios .
De 30 metros cuadrados se pasará a más de 400 metros cuadrados dispuestos con ese objetivo .
También se incrementará la capacidad de transporte de personal , con comodidades para 313 militares y científicos cuando vuelva al mar , en noviembre de 2011 .
El puente de mando será modificado y se instalarán nuevos motores adquiridos en Alemania .
" El Irízar tenía motores de la década del 70 y ahora contará con modelos 2009 , eso ya es una diferencia " , comentó Fadel .
Entre hierros retorcidos y cubiertas que ya no existen , el corazón del Irízar quiere revivir .
A University of California professor who organized a " virtual sit- in " that targeted the university president 's website has been told he may face criminal charges for mounting a distributed denial of service attack .
UC San Diego Professor Ricardo Dominguez spearheaded the March 4 digital protest by calling on demonstrators to visit a webpage that sent a new page request to the UC president 's website every one to six seconds .
A separate function automatically sent 404 queries to the server .
A " spawn " feature allowed participants to run additional pages in another window , multiplying the strain on the targeted website .
" Okay , now just sit back and relax , or open a new browser window and do anything else you need to do , BUT LEAVE THE ACTION WINDOW OPEN IN THE BACKGROUND , THE LONGER THE BETTER , " a help page for the protest instructed .
Dominguez , an associate professor in UC San Diego 's visual arts department , said the demonstration was an act of " electronic civil disobedience , " a field he 's been studying for more than a decade and for which he earned tenure in 2006 .
He said he 's organized or participated in at least 16 similar protests and until now has never been accused of criminal hacking .
One in 2008 protesting the weaponization of nanotechnology even won him a fellowship from the university administrators , he said .
But that 's not how campus officials see things now .
In a March 9 email , UC San Diego Senior Vice Chancellor Paul Drake informed Dominguez that in response to the action , network administrators were disconnecting the professor 's server .
" On March 4 , 2010 , I received a report from Administrative Computing and Telecommunications ( ACT ) that you , using the computing resources of CALIT2 , launched a denial of service attack against the computer servers at the Office of the President of the University of California , " Drake wrote .
" I have instructed ACT not to reconnect the server pending a decision from the Office of the President as to whether they intend to initiate criminal or other charges related to this denial of service attack . "
University officials declined to comment on the matter .
Dominguez said the virtual sit-in , which coincided with statewide demonstrations protesting some $ 900 m in budget cuts to California education , was the digital equivalent of the types of civil disobedience championed by Henry David Thoreau , Mohandas Gandhi , and Martin Luther King .
He said the protests were designed to generate dialogue about social issues and would have only a minor slowing effect on a website with typical resources .
" It 's not as if you 're a cracker DDoS and using a botnet and then launching , unknown to anybody who is using that machine , an action that effectively takes down the system , " Dominguez told The Register .
" This , as a hacker once said , is technologically inefficient and ineffective .
It is like being pecked to death by a duckling . "
Mark Rasch , a former federal prosecutor who is the founder of Secure IT experts in Bethesda , Maryland , said it would be hard to bring a case under US hacking laws .
" In order for there to be a computer crime , there has to be either an intentional denial - of - service or some form of trespass , which would be an unauthorized access , " he told The Register .
" The problem you have here is if this is a public website , merely going to the website repeatedly is many , many authorized accesses , not an unauthorized access . "
Dominguez said he was scheduled to meet with university officials Thursday so they could begin proceedings to determine if there was criminal intent behind the protest .
The professor was n't available at time of writing to discuss the outcome .
No criminal charges have been filed in connection to the sit-in . ®
If you are a horror movie buff , you 've certainly noticed the liberal use of trees to set the mood .
Halloween is hardly complete without the image of a moon - lit and fog - laden tree .
However , some trees have been molded by Mother Nature into specters of their own .
Scary , frightening , or downright weird , the trees we 've amassed in this collection will leave you wondering if Mother Nature herself digested some magic mushrooms .
11 . As part of a larger series , here is a " tree face . "
10 . The Happy Tree
9 . The Kissing Tree
8. The Finger Tree
7. Vagina Tree
6. Angry Tree
5 . This fig tree has decided to literally devour some iron railings .
4. The NSFW Tree
3. The Lady Tree
2. The Dancing Tree
1. The Tree with the Boobs
Voters in this famously tax - averse state Tuesday night approved a temporary hike in the sales tax to stave off brutal budget cuts , handing Gov. Jan Brewer a crucial victory .
The veteran Republican had shocked many in her party last year by advocating the penny sales tax increase , arguing that the state could n’t simply cut its way out of a deficit that rivals California ’s .
Critics said it was economic suicide to raise taxes in a recession .
On Tuesday night , as early returns showed two - thirds of voters agreeing with the governor , Brewer declared victory in front of supporters inside a middle school student union here .
“ Arizonans have spoken today , ” she said .
“ They told us our faith in them was well - placed ....
They told us that doing the right thing almost always means doing the hard thing . ”
Brewer ’s advocacy of the tax increase divided the state GOP and turned politics upside down .
At one point , the governor sued the Republican - controlled Legislature to force it to send her a budget .
At last count , 20 challengers had signed up to face her in the August GOP primary .
She and the Legislature already had slashed $ 2 billion from last year ’s budget and made Arizona the first to withdraw from a federal program to provide health insurance for children who live just above the poverty line .
The housing collapse hit particularly hard here and took a huge chunk out of the state ’s budget , which was $ 10 billion just two years ago but now hovers around $ 8 billion .
Proposition 100 mandates a temporary increase in the state sales tax — from 5.6 % to 6.6 % for three years .
It ’s expected to generate $ 1 billion per year .
Its apparent passage may have been aided by modest voter turnout , with only those who care deeply casting ballots .
But a leader of one of the groups that worked toward passage saw something more definitive in the results .
“ This is Arizona treating education as an investment rather than an expense , ” said Eileen Sigmund , the chief executive of Arizona Charter Schools Assn .
“ It ’s a complete sea change .
It ’s people saying , ‘ This is my state . ’ ”
The measure was backed by many of the groups that Brewer infuriated by signing a controversial immigration bill , which requires Arizona police to determine the status of people they lawfully stop and suspect are in the country illegally .
Political observers have noted that because the governor was defying GOP orthodoxy by pushing the tax increase , she had little option but to sign the immigration bill , which is strongly supported by most Arizona voters and an overwhelming proportion of Republicans .
Public sector unions and many Democrats backed the tax initiative , as did several business groups .
Taxpayer organizations and some small business groups opposed it .
Two voters typified the state ’s drastic divide over the issue .
Carol Shaw , 60 , a former Phoenix supermarket manager , opposed Brewer ’s immigration stance but voted for the tax increase .
“ Normally I ’d be opposed to anything the governor ’s for , ” Shaw said .
“ This needs to happen ; it ’s long overdue .
School kids need a break . ”
But Darryl Blowers , 69 , a retired accountant , voted no , saying he did n’t trust that politicians had cut as deeply as they said .
“ They always lay out the worst - case scenario , ” he said , “ and that ’s not always what happens . ”
Earlier in the evening , before the results were known , Brewer spoke to reporters .
“ Nobody likes taxes , ” she said , recalling her shock at budget numbers when she took office in January 2009 .
“ I pushed back and pushed back , but the more I looked at the figures from my economic people and my policy people , there was no other way . ”
Rudy Espino , a political science professor at Arizona State University , said Brewer would have taken an immense political hit if the measure had failed .
But now , he said , she can argue to primary voters that she was following popular sentiment .
“ It ’s harder to attack someone when they have a victory on hand , ” he said .
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
Britain is being accused of being the " dirty man of Europe " after new research showed that , of the world 's top 300 companies , more than half of those most engaged in carbon - polluting sectors were based in the UK .
A review of Europe 's top 300 companies by the ethical investment consultant Eiris found that the greatest proportion of those with " very high impact " in relation to global warming came from the UK , more than double the number from any other country .
Of those companies in the top 300 dedicated to solving or mitigating the problems of climate change , only 3 % were located in Britain .
Eiris 's findings come at a time when BP , one of the UK 's best - known companies , has attracted bad publicity worldwide over the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
A spokesman for Eiris said that its review was " worrying from a consumer point of view but also from an investment perspective " .
He added : " It is particularly alarming for pension funds and other long - term investors as climate change rises up the political agenda . "
The greater exposure of UK plc to risk from climate change largely stems from the number of big oil and mining companies that dominate the FTSE 100 index in London .
Greenpeace said that the Eiris research was a " shameful " indictment of the UK , which had failed to build up a low - carbon business sector despite much political rhetoric .
Ben Stewart , a spokesman for the environmental campaign group , said : " It seems Britain is still the dirty man of Europe .
These figures will shame the succession of ministers who promised Britain would be at the forefront of developing clean tech .
" As things stand , our economy is poorly placed to benefit from this century 's inevitable shift to low - carbon industry , while Germany looks well - positioned to gain from first - mover advantage . "
Eiris estimates that 41 % of the top 300 companies in Britain and Europe have a significant impact on global warming , either directly from their operations or through the products they manufacture .
However , there was some good news to come out of the survey .
More than 60 % of companies with a high or very high impact on the environment have put in place measures under which executive remuneration is in some way linked to the company 's carbon emission reductions .
More than half of all companies in the most polluting brackets have some kind of long - term carbon reduction targets in place , although Eiris notes that concrete action is harder to find .
French and German companies in the top 300 are at the forefront among those providing solutions to climate change .
The consultancy does , however , point out that many British businesses may be excluded from the ranking because they are smaller .
In fact , the UK government has led initiatives to limit climate change , publishing the low carbon transition plan and introducing a carbon reduction commitment energy efficiency scheme , as well as a feed - in tariff scheme , promoting clean energy production in the home .
In the 1980s , the UK was described by Scandinavian countries as " the dirty man of Europe " because of high emissions of sulphur dioxide from industrial power plants , which exported acid rain across the Baltic .
A Better Kind of Franchise
Since 1983 we 've helped people like you reach for their dreams .
Our low prices make starting a Heaven 's Best franchise affordable , and our product quality makes for satisfied customers .
We believe in good old fashion values like honesty , fairness , and hard work .
These core beliefs are more than ideals ; they are what we strive for , and our operators love us for it !
Heaven 's Best Franchises Are Affordable
Our royalties are very affordable , and nobody gives you more for your money .
You can start a Heaven 's Best Franchise for just $ 39,900 .
Compare that to other franchises and you 'll find it 's a bargain !
For that price , you get all the necessary cleaning equipment , cleaners , and supplies to start your franchise .
Not to mention branding material , access to advertising resources , continuing training and support , and much more !
Take the First Step with Heaven 's Best
We know you 're driven to be successful , work hard , and you do n't want anyone to put a limit on your income .
Becoming a business owner has many benefits : a flexible schedule , more time spent with family , being able to give yourself a raise , and saying goodbye to your boss .
It all starts by taking the first step .
If you have more questions , call us at ( 800 ) 568-3605 or contact a franchise owner directly from the list in your franchise packet .
We 're confident you 'll hear great things !
Take the first step on your path to freedom - request more information today !
The Republican Party is enjoying its " id " moment right now .
In the schema of Sigmund Freud , the id is that part of your psychology that spontaneously reacts and craves emotional and physical fulfillment .
Voters want candidates who make them feel good , who make them feel special , who convince them that simply the conscious act of identifying as a conservative is political and powerful .
The Tea Party is an identity movement .
Sarah Palin's new conservative feminism is very much an identity movement .
Cheering for Sarah Palin makes you feel good about yourself and makes you hate the enemy all that much more .
Aww , she says the right things .
She 's authentic .
She 's so real .
She connects with Southern conservatives .
So satisfying .
The trouble is that enough Republican primary voters will be looking for something more .
They already are , as many of them accept the " lamestream " media critique that Palin does n't have the experience to be president .
In endorsing Terry Branstad for governor in Iowa , Palin is said to have made the obvious pick .
She 'll want the sitting governor on her side if she wins .
But Iowa is a peculiar state .
Its voters are used to direct engagement with politicians who speak to them candidly about issues and answer their tough , unvarnished questions .
Branstad 's endorsement ( or non-endorsement of anyone else ) might be worth less than it appears , because the volunteer base of his opponent , Bob Vander Plaats , is much more adept at organizing for the Republican straw poll - type vote that is its caucus .
And they expect something more from their candidates than intoxicating Republican chauvinism , too .
Projecting ahead , if Palin and Mike Huckabee both run , they 'll be competing for the same share of the primary electorate , and Huckabee will have an organizational edge .
Palin will have to expand the field , just like Barack Obama did for Democrats .
Hauteur will not accomplish this .
In a furious effort to catch up , Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Iowa has been changing his tone ( and his tune ) , trying to become more of an exciting , id - catching candidate that he really is .
Pawlenty is probably the most aggressive candidate in Iowa right now , opening a PAC there and regularly courting activists on the telephone .
It will be interesting to see if he can strike a balance between his governor persona and his butcher ( red meat ) persona .
Two candidates , Mitch Daniels and Mitt Romney , wo n't play the game at all .
Whatever Romney 's difficulties in dealing with his Massachusetts health care plan will be , he seems intent on running as the candidate of pragmatic solutions in 2012 .
Daniels , with his call for a truce on divisive social issues , wants the same thing .
Clearly , Romney and Daniels do n't fit the profile of what today 's average Republican primary voter is looking for , but they probably will : I anticipate that the overwhelming concern of 2012 primary voters will be a desire to , well , beat Barack Obama .
And I also predict that voters will think strategically about their options .
Even Republicans who identify with Sarah Palin must know -- or they will know -- that , as of right now , Palin , projected forward in 2012 , cannot beat Barack Obama .
They know that the most acceptable conservative candidate probably can .
They 're seeing the 2012 election shape up as a referendum on , yes , four years of Democratic rule , but also as a referendum on competence and action .
Palin has time to change her strategy , if indeed she intends to run , but whatever she 's oozing now , it is not competence and mastery .
( Endorsing Carly Fiorina and Brandstad are n't signals of competence .
They 're strategic endorsements , nothing more . )
Eventually , the ego will triumph over the id .
It almost always does .
And you can bet that Democrats are hoping to death that it does n't .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
ROOFTOP SCENES
“ Delicatessen ” concludes on a rooftop , and that setting also frequently plays into the plot of “ Micmacs , ” above .
Mr. Jeunet has a fascination with Parisian rooftops , but because of the potential danger to the cast and crew , he must recreate them as sets .
For “ Delicatessen , ” he found a location at street level .
Image A battle scene from Mr. Jeunet ’s World War I drama “ A Very Long Engagement . ” Credit ... Bruno Calvo / Warner Independent Pictures
“ It was strange because you could see a roof on the ground , ” he said .
“ It was like a building sank . ”
For “ Micmacs , ” a set was built on top of a building at the studio where some of the film was shot .
Mr. Jeunet wanted a more nostalgic feel , so some scenes included smoke billowing out of fireplaces .
“ Nobody uses wood now to heat , ” he said .
“ But in my film , everybody does ! ”
For other locations , Mr. Jeunet did his own scouting , often by traversing the city on his scooter .
COLOR TONES
Color toning is always an important part of Mr. Jeunet ’s films .
Much of his work is bathed in warm shades that create a sense of the hyperreal .
But for contrast , the filmmaker used cooler colors to depict the battle scenes in his World War I drama , “ A Very Long Engagement . ”
“ I want to modify the reality , so I feel like a painter , ” he said .
Image In “ Micmacs , ” Andre Dussollier plays the chairman of a weapons manufacturer who collects the body parts of famous people .
Credit ...
Sony Pictures Classics
In his early films , the process was more of a chemical one , with Mr. Jeunet and his cinematographers coming up with new ways to develop the film to get the desired effect .
Now the color toning is done digitally , an easier process that offers a wider color palette .
Yet the variety of choices makes the color correction that much more time - consuming .
“ In the chemical process we ’d spend maybe three days to fix the color , ” he said .
“ Now , seven weeks . ”
DANGER : A secret police study involving scientists growing crops of cannabis has revealed New Zealand now has super - strength strains of the drug .
A secret police study involving scientists growing crops of cannabis has revealed New Zealand now has super - strength strains of the drug .
In May last year , Sunday News revealed police and Environmental Science and Research ( ESR ) used sophisticated hydroponic equipment to complete three cannabis growing cycles , nursing six plants at a time , 18 in total , to maturity .
The findings of the study , to be published in Forensic Science International , and released exclusively to Sunday News earlier this week , revealed the drug is now more than four times stronger than it was when ESR last tested it in 1996 .
The THC level – the primary intoxicant – varied between 4.35 % and 25.3 % during the study completed under Ministry of Health licence between 2004 and 2006 .
When ESR last tested the Class C drug , they found an average THC level of just 6 % .
The THC levels varied considerably , as did yields , during the latest study – due to the growers lack of cannabis - cultivation knowledge , the ESR report read .
" The inexperience of the growers was evidenced by different problems encountered in each of the three cycles , each of which would be expected to negatively impact the yield and THC data obtained . "
Cannabis potency is believed to have remained stagnant from 1976 to 1996 .
But police believe it has increased significantly in recent years due to criminals using more sophisticated growing methods , helped by the availability of specialised equipment , like that sold at hydroponic specialist shops some of which police raided across the country this week .
More than 250 people were arrested on more than 750 charges as part of the two - year undercover operation which targeted shops such as Switched on Gardener and large - scale cannabis - growing enterprises allegedly linked to the business and other similar companies .
According to the cannabis study , the first six plants grown were " purchased from an illegal grower " and were a variety known as Red Devil .
The second cycle used cuttings from the first , and the last used plants from a police raid – meaning the cannabis grown throughout the study was the same as that commonly purchased by users on the streets .
Scientists yielded more than 5kg of cannabis from the 18 plants .
Sold by the ounce , at the going rate of $ 350 , the crop would have been worth more than $ 60,000 .
Scientists grew the drugs in a room " comparable to the average New Zealand bedroom , which is a space commonly used to grow cannabis indoors " , the report reads .
" It 's a serious drug .
And it 's very clear that long - term usage has very long - term effects ... it's not the social drug of the 60s any more ... it is a drug that causes serious harm , " Detective Inspector Stuart Mills said .
Mills , chief of the National Drug Intelligence Bureau , said the study findings backed - up police fears the drug had become more potent .
" We 've been aware through various techniques and our information that THC level has been increasing , and this study confirms it . "
Assistant commissioner Gavin Jones said police and ESR undertook the study to determine the size of potential harvests and gauge THC levels which had increased dramatically worldwide over recent years .
Police needed to know how strong our cannabis was so they could " start benchmarking trends and patterns " , and compare them to international levels , he said .
" Internationally it 's up around the 20 % mark , so we 're just not quite sure what it is here , " Jones told Sunday News in May last year .
The study said the cannabis information was needed to assist in the court process , " when they are considering the severity of the offending , and in particular how much income is being derived from such an illegal operation " .
A preliminary investigation into outdoor growing cannabis had shown THC levels averaged almost 11 % .
Introduction to the World of Personal VPN Service
Why People Use Personal VPN service
Unblock websites such as Facebook , Youtube and Twitter in China , UAE and more .
many governments like to prevent users from enjoying the Internet , use personal VPN service to unblock them all , including adult and poker website Security for Hotspot Wireless Access such as WiFi , many people use WiFi to access internet nowadays , it is NOT secur AT ALL , hackers can easily get your information because you are not encrypting your data .
Unblock VOIP
Applications such as Skype , in some countries like UAE , you can not use VOIP service if you do n't use VPN Bypass geographical blocks from certain websites , for example , Hulu.com only available for the people located in the US , if you are located outside the US , you need VPN service to watch their videos Full anonymity by hiding your real IP Safely use torrent
PPTP VPN
OpenVPN
SSTP VPN
Most VPN provider use PPTP protocol to implementing their VPN service , because it is supported by Microsoft Dial - up Networking , that means you do n't need any client software , just use the Microsoft Windows dialer to setup , then you are good to go , very simple and powerful , you can also use PPTP VPN on your mobile devices such as Iphone , Ipad , Ipod Touch , Windows Mobil and AndroidOpenVPN is a SSL / TLS based VPN , it provides high security and privacy .
the biggest difference between PPTP VPN and OpenVPN is you need install OpenVPN client software to use OpenVPN service , and OpenVPN DO NOT work on mobile devices such as Iphone , Ipad Windows Mobile and AndroidSSTP is Microsoft 's own SSL VPN , it encapsulates PPP packets over an HTTPS session , that means it is diffcult to block SSTP , because it 's like visit a https website .
some goverment like UAE , Oman , Kuwait , Qatar block regular VPN protocol like PPTP , use SSTP can slove your problem .
It 's unfortunate that only Microsoft Windows Vista or Windows 7 support SSTP vpn , SSTP DO NOT work on other operating system
Posted on by storagedepotuk
The QNAP TS - 219 is a 2 - bay Network Attached Storage device specially designed for those who are eager for an extremely large storage center to store , back up , share thousands of multimedia files or expand the capacity of their current storage device .
This product upholds 2 separate 3.5 ″ SATA I /II hard drives with a combined storage capacity of up to 4TB .
The TS - 219 Turbo NAS device has a Marvell 1.2GHz CPU and 512MB of DDR2 memory ; the same as the 1 - bay TS - 119 Turbo NAS .
Though the TS - 219 Turbo NAS has to cope with an additional hard drive , the processor and memory still provide adequate power .
The iSCSI protocol is also supported for linking to other storage devices over a local network , wide area network or the internet .
In terms of connections , one will find a gigabit Ethernet port and 3 USB 2.0 ports .
Other features include a built - in UPnP / DLNA media server that allows multimedia content streaming .
The TS - 219 comes with version 3 of QNAP ’s NAS management software , which features an AJAX - based web interface that is compatible with a wide range of web browsers .
Features :
Virtual Disk Drive ( VDD )
iSCSI Target Service
S.M.A.R.T & Advanced HDD Health Scanning ( HHS )
UPS support
QNAP backup software included
One Touch USB Auto Copy
Windows , Mac , Linux , and UNIX compatible
Web File Manager
uPNP Media Server
Power Management : Hard Disk Standby & Schedule on / off
Power Consumption : 21W ( 5W in sleep mode )
For more information , please visit :
http://storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products | Tagged : digital signage , floppy disk drive , hard drive case , NAS Drives , nas hard drive Qnap NAS Drives , nas storage drives , Network Attached Storage , Qnap is a NAS drive , Qnap NAS Drives for home user , Qnap NAS Drives for SOHO / SME , Qnap TS - 219 , Qnap TS - 219P , Qnap TS - 459 Pro , TS - 459 Pro , USB floppy drive |
MORE than a week after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico , 11 of the rig 's workers are still unaccounted for .
The US Coast Guard reckons that 5,000 barrels of oil are leaking out every day , though this is really an informed guess .
The great depth of the leaks from the rig makes staunching them a huge technical challenge .
Despite the development of some fancy new techniques to deal with oil spills there is a sense of inevitability about the oil 's arrival on shore .
The spill is embarrassing for those Republicans who have campaigned for more off - shore drilling .
It is embarrassing too for Barack Obama , who accepted more drilling off the coast to ease the passage of legislation on climate change .
On April 30th the White House announced that new off - shore drilling would be suspended until the cause of the accident could be verified .
Every type of disaster , whether tsunami ( Asian ) , volcano ( Krakatoa ) , or hurricane ( Katrina ) , has its own metric .
When it comes to oil spills the Exxon Valdez rules the waves .
The oil spill ( from a tanker ) happened in Prince William Sound in Alaska in 1989 .
Although the amount of oil spewing into the Gulf today sounds scary , it is quite small compared with Exxon Valdez , which itself was a relatively small spill .
Five thousand barrels a day is the equivalent of 210,000 gallons of oil .
The Exxon Valdez spilt 11 m gallons , so it will take some time for the spill in the Gulf of Mexico to equal it .
However one of the first lessons from the Exxon Valedez is that it is not the quantity of oil released that is important , but where it ends up .
What made that spill synonymous with environmental devastation was that the oil that reached the coast then slurped over 1,200 miles of pristine shoreline .
The scale of the current disaster in the Gulf of Mexico will be directly related to where the oil comes ashore .
Louisiana 's coastline features some important and vulnerable habitats and nature reserves .
There is also a thriving fishing industry , providing shrimp and oysters .
The concentration of the oil is important too .
Marine lubricants , oils used to lubricate marine engine parts and hydraulic equipment , leak from the back of all the world 's ships .
Every year four - and - a- half times the quantity spilled by the Exxon Valdez is poured into the ocean and nobody bats an eyelid .
This does not mean that it is harmless ( environmental groups are campaigning to reduce it ) , but the point is that if oil is dispersed into the ocean where it biodegrades naturally , its effects are less damaging .
Indeed , much more oil seeps from the sea bed around the world naturally than from spills and shipping , says Simon Boxall from the University of Southampton .
But when a large amount of oil is released in a single place it causes direct hazards for marine wildlife .
The best way of minimising damage is to protect sensitive areas with floating dams , or booms .
However experts reckon that the size of the spill will exhaust the world 's supply of booms very quickly .
The region 's best hope is that the wind blows most of the slick offshore , in which case little needs to be done .
Intervention with dispersants and surfactants can create more damage than it prevents .
Crude oil is a natural product which disperses and biodegrades in the ocean fairly rapidly , although some of it may remain over the longer term .
A study released earlier this year found evidence of ongoing environmental damage in Prince William Sound 21 years after the Exxon Valdez .
Older reports found that about 20,000 gallons of oil could be found there 14 years after the disaster .
Prince William Sound is recovering .
But it has taken an awfully long time to do so .
Los ministros José Ramón Cossío y Sergio Salvador Aguirre Anguiano durante la sesión de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación donde se votó la constitucionalidad del uso de la píldora del día siguiente Foto María Meléndrez Parada
Avaló la SCJN su uso en caso de violación ; confirma la constitucionalidad de la NOM
Ministros declaran infundada la controversia presentada por el gobernador Emilio González
​ Police officers in Rome , Georgia arrested a man on a misdemeanor marijuana charge after finding what they claimed appeared to be pot seeds in a bag of potato chips , according to official reports .
Rome News - Tribune .
Police and deputies went to an apartment in Rome to serve a warrant , but they could not get anyone to answer the door , reports Kim Sloan at the
Officers said since they heard the television on , “ they went inside to make sure everyone was OK . ”
Is n’t it great just knowing that from now on , whenever you leave the TV on to make it appear as if someone is at home , you ’re inviting police officers to come busting in ?
Anyway , the vigilant officers found Justin Jamil Foster , 22 , who lives across the street , sitting at what they described as a “ homemade dice table . ”
By the way , if you ’re wondering what , exactly , distinguishes a “ homemade dice table ” from just a , well , table , you ’re not the only one .
Foster told officers he did n’t live at the apartment , and at first said he did n’t know who did .
He later told the cops that he thought maybe one of his relatives lived there , but he did n’t know their name .
The officers placed Foster under arrest for criminal trespass .
Now , if it seems to you as if they were the ones guilty of criminal trespass ( just barging on in because the TV ’s on ?
Get real ) , you ’re not the only one .
Officers claimed they found scales with a “ small amount of leafy substance ” that “ appeared to be marijuana . ”
Foster was charged with possession of less than an ounce of cannabis .
Since he lived across the street , one wonders why he is charged with possession of what ’s in a potato chip bag in the house , or for any other illegal substance found in a home that was n’t his .
The police saw an open bag of chips on the table ; inside the bag , they claimed to have found a clear plastic bag of “ what appeared to be seeds from a marijuana plant . ”
We ’re still awaiting word on exactly why , if police were “ assisting deputies serving a warrant , ” they were poking around in potato chip bags , since the warrant they had was for a person , and not for a search — and even if the warrant had been for a search , it would have had to state exactly what officers were looking for .
“ A roach with a suspected burnt marijuana cigarette was also found , ” according to the report .
We ’re still awaiting word on whether the police arrested the roach that was in possession of the burnt marijuana cigarette .
Right now , a disaster that keeps flowing until August is the worst anyone wants to imagine , but there are worse possibilities -- it could be the start of years of unchecked oil flowing into the Gulf .
( See this Bloomberg article suggesting that the relief well could take until December to solve the problem .
One expert in the article mentions a decade .
Keep that in mind as you read onward . )
There are legitimate concerns about the integrity of the casing .
Yesterday , someone asked Admiral Allen about that .
He said that concerns about the integrity of the well bore were part of the decision to stop the " Top Kill " a few weeks ago , indicating that there are significant concerns .
On April 23 , the Coast Guard was aware that the size of the leak could grow from 8000 barrels a day to 64,000 to 110,000 barrels a day if the well completely blew out .
That 's quite close to the current spill estimates .
Does that mean that the well is nearing a full blow out ?
The reason the casing 's integrity matters is that if it 's cracked , oil will push out through the cracks and into the surrounding ground , destabilizing the ground around the casing , and bubbling up from the ocean floor .
Here 's more , with Senator Bill Nelson 's interview a week and a half ago saying just that .
A seeping well , of course , will be hard to contain .
And finally , more alarming , and possibly a gross overstatement , there is the possibility that as the ground and the casing shift , the whole thing collapses inward , the giant Blow Out Preventer falls over , the drill pipe shoots out of the remains of the well , or any number of other scenarios that could make it very difficult or impossible to eventually stop the gusher even with the relief wells .
( I do not know the author of this post , and cannot vouch for its accuracy .
I do not share the author 's fear that there is a conspiracy to hide this information .
My sense is that it 's unthinkable and so no one is asking the questions . )
Thus the relief well are being drilled in a race with the integrity of the ground around the well and the casing .
If they do n't make it , we 're looking at a very very different kind of accident .
( This is where the " decade " remark comes in . )
And if so , Tony Hayward will look back upon yesterday as a relatively pleasant interlude before the * real * disaster struck .
It 's time to start asking for a best guess of what is going on in the well hole .
It is dishonest not to .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
If you as much open your eyes these days , you will find something that has the potential to become addictive ; televisions , text messaging , facebook , and the Internet , not to mention the drugs , alcohol , porn , and other things we more classically define .
We are bombarded with marketing messages , news , personal influences and distractions — it is almost impossible to escape the ever pressing suggestion of more , better , faster and easier .
For those with ADHD , our impulsivity can make it particularly challenging to continuously defend ourselves from this bombardment of diversions .
It ’s why I found William Glasser ’s theory on the concept of Positive Addiction so interesting , and why I felt the need to learn more about it and discuss with all of you .
There is much debate about what makes a negative addiction ‘ an addiction , ’ but in general terms I think we can all agree an addiction is something we repeatedly do that negatively influences our lives or the lives of those around us .
( I ’m sure that is already sparking debate in your minds but I am talking in extremely simple terms so just please bear with me . )
So a positive addiction would , generally speaking , be the opposite – when something we repeatedly do has a positive influence on our lives or the lives of those around us .
William Glasser goes a bit further in his book Positive Addiction , and states that it ’s something we do for an hour a day at least six days a week which takes about six months to form into addiction .
To understand where positive addiction comes in , we need to understand Dr. Glasser ’s theory about happiness in life .
He suggests we find happiness when we know these three things ;
What to do How to do it Where to find the strength to get it done .
He argues that the first two are the easiest , but we continually struggle with the 3rd in our lives .
It is often what leads to the negative addictions ; the belief that we cannot find the strength to get it done so we take an easier road , give up , or find pleasure in something else to distract our minds .
He also suggests that if instead of escaping through negative addictions , we learn how to harness the power of positive addictions we can get access to this strength in # 3 that will allow us to create the life we so desire .
The most common addictions he talks about are running and meditation .
The people he studied did this at least an hour a day for six days a week , and they experienced classic withdrawal symptoms when they no longer did the activity .
As they are in their practice , they reach a state of mind that is best described as ‘ euphoria ; ’ a complete loss of self , a sense of floating .
It ’s suggested that while in these states , these individuals reach a state of complete and total peace where they build reserves of strength .
Running does this in particular , as it is a state that is programmed into our brain throughout history as something we have always done for survival .
The continual hitting of the feet on the ground and the rhythm of running leads to a feeling of satisfaction that is less self - critical than anything else we can do – our mind is at one with our body .
Glasser describes six steps to a positive addiction :
It is something noncompetitive that you choose to do and you can devote an hour a day to it .
It is possible for you to do easily and does n’t take a great deal of mental effort to do well .
You can do it alone or rarely with others but you do n’t have to depend on others to get it done .
You believe it has some value ( physical , mental , or spiritual ) for you .
You believe that if you persist at it you will improve ( completely subjective )
The activity must have the quality that you can do it without criticizing yourself .
You have to completely be able to accept yourself or it will not become addicting .
I have some questions / thoughts for discussion that I am really interested in hearing from all of you :
Does anyone out there have this experience of ‘ positive addiction ’ ?
For those who meditate , have you been able to find this place of PA ?
Has anyone used these types of addictions to overcome negative addictions ?
Do you see any negative influences on your lives from these ‘ addictions ’ ?
Are there activities besides running or meditating you use to get in this state ?
photo credit : andy_carter
Judge Andrew Napolitano , host of Fox News.com ’s Freedom Watch , has long been on the right side of the war on drugs , and his scathing critique of the deplorable police actions in Columbia , Missouri is no exception .
( To recap for those who have not yet seen the video : under the cover of darkness , a team of militarized SWAT agents enter a family home and immediately engage in gunfire — killing one of two family dogs and wounding the other — and likely inflicting lifelong trauma to the family ’s seven - year - old son .
Police ultimately seized a small amount of marijuana residue and associated paraphernalia , which resulted in a misdemeanor charge and a $ 300 fine . )
In fact , Napolitano ’s very first question to befuddled Columbia Mayor Bob McDavid is : “ When are the cops who did this going to be arrested and put in jail where they belong ? ”
It ’s a valid question that , not surprisingly , leaves the new mayor speechless .
Marijuana is Safer : So ... Tvert , Mason Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 21.00 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
In less than a week nearly one - million people have watched the graphic and sickening footage from Columbia .
It has , quite understandably , inspired public outrage and , apparently , some welcome changes in police procedure .
Yet as NORML Outreach Coordinator Russ Belville astutely points out on today ’s edition of the NORML Stash blog , none of these minor amendments to protocol in any way gets to the heart of the problem , and that is this : Police and politicians still “ accept the premise that this level of force is appropriate to keep people from using marijuana . ”
Ultimately , this societal mentality must change .
That is why , while on the one hand NORML ( obviously ) supports cannabis medicalization and decriminalization efforts , we also recognize that these efforts fall woefully short for many Americans .
In short , the only way to fully protect all our citizens from these kinds of abhorrent events is through the legalization and regulation of marijuana for all adults .
Help us make this a reality .
Stop the violence .
Join NORML .
The Best of Paul Armentano
You ’ve seen BP ’s green - and - yellow sunburst logo , right ?
Seems
completely out of place now that the defining image of the company is a
dark blob spreading across the Gulf .
With that in mind , Greenpeace has
put up the Bat - Signal for a fresh logo that better conveys the oil
company ’s miraculous ability to ruin the world .
( Along those lines , check out this fake BP PR Twitter account .
Some tweets : “ Negative people view the ocean as half empty of oil .
We are dedicated to
making it half full ” and “ Please do NOT take or clean any oil you find on the beach .
That is the
property of British Petroleum and we WILL sue you . ” )
Greenpeace is entreating all designers , professional and otherwise ,
to “ design a new logo that ’s more suitable to [ BP ’s ] dirty business , ”
the organization writes on its Web site .
The contest is actually pegged to BP’s
investment in oil extraction from Canadian sand pits , a process said to produce four
times as much CO2 as conventional drilling ,
though entrants are free to find inspiration in any of BP’s
unseemly activities .
The winning design will be featured in Greenpeace ’s anti-BP campaigns .
Submissions
will be accepted through June 28 .
Entries are already trickling in .
Oil stains and memento mori figure prominently .
Devastated wildlife is big , too , some more graphic than others .
The first thing all of us from the left of politics should say is , " Thank you " .
Thank you to Gordon Brown for his 10 years as chancellor , when we had the most benign and stable economic environment of any similar period in our history .
Thank you for taking a world lead in helping to avoid the economic meltdown becoming an unstoppable depression .
It is an act of considerable dignity and statesmanship to have stepped aside in recognition of the need – whether with or without the Liberal Democrats – to forge a new future for the left of British politics .
My belief is that it is untenable to create a rainbow alliance , dependent not just on the vagaries of a Liberal Democrat party prepared to get into bed with whoever is offering the most , but also the Nationalists or Ulster representatives – who could pull the plug on a coalition of the defeated at any time .
This would result , almost inevitably , in a massive defeat for Labour at the hands of an electorate who would blame us for flouting the will of the substantial minority .
Of course , the deficit reduction strategy has meant that the party leadership has felt the obligation to take any and every opportunity to stop the Conservatives undermining the legacy of the last 13 years .
The devastation they are bent on causing to the most disadvantaged communities in Britain must be avoided .
But we can do this by building a sustained campaign outside as well as inside the palace of Westminster .
Let 's face it .
As far as the public are concerned , we have become the establishment .
Time now , therefore , to renew , to re-engage with our radical roots , to reach out and engage those of goodwill in offering a genuinely progressive agenda , laying aside the artificial division of old Labour and Blairism .
It is still entirely possible that , despite their flirtation with us , the Lib Dems will join in some form of partnership with the Tories .
This would change the landscape of British politics for the foreseeable future .
It is our job to grasp this as an opportunity and not see it as an unmitigated disaster .
Protecting the people we serve would have to be uppermost in our minds .
That means exposing every duplicity , every supposed " saving " that turns out to be a cut in services .
It means mobilising progressive forces at community level to resist the damage which would otherwise be done to the fabric of our society .
It also means a reassessment of what , at a very basic level , the Labour party is for , on whose behalf it speaks , whose voice it articulates in our globalised , consumer democracy .
This is a more profound question about the role of government – and the argument that Labour needs to articulate in the period ahead .
The focus may continue to be on the arithmetic in parliament .
But politics is about the participation and engagement of the wider citizenry – to miss that point would doom us to irrelevance .
It used to be the case that government 's role was the defence of the nation , foreign relations and basic law and order at home .
In the 20th century , this changed to encompass the welfare state , the economy and , with the exception of the 1980s , unemployment and social regeneration .
To fail to understand that we are moving into a new phase would be to fiddle while Rome burns .
We need a government which , yes , guarantees basic standards in public services , but which also steps in to protect people 's wellbeing as they take part in our consumer democracy – particularly online .
A government which does not pretend it can cure all of our ills , but which enables people to equip themselves for a thriving , rapidly changing society .
This is not David Cameron's " small government " .
It is very different – a government that is on the side of the citizen , and citizens themselves who understand that , just as government does not seek to influence every aspect of their lives , so it is not responsible for everything that might be wrong in their community .
It is about giving people the wherewithal to make decisions for themselves – and people being ready to shoulder that responsibility .
The Labour party 's survival will be by dint of becoming a party of the future , not a rump harking back to the past .
If we do not change , we will suffer greater reversals in the years to come .
I do n't believe that this will be our fate – we have too many forward - thinking people within our ranks who know that Labour must never abandon the aspirant or desert the most vulnerable .
Now is the time for them to step forward and show that they understand the scale of the task that lies before us in reconnecting with the British people and articulating the voices of those whom our party was founded to represent .
It is not clear what exactly Travis Parmelee , 36 , was yelling at Tiger on the 11th hole of the Players Championship in Florida — though we imagine it was n't a critique of his swing .
But his ass got tased .
According to the Daily News , Parmelee had been drinking and refused to stop heckling Woods .
When cops tried " to take Parmelee into custody , he resisted — and was Tasered once . "
He was charged with disorderly intoxication and resisting arrest .
[ Florida Times - Union ]
Now that Arizona has enacted a repressive law conceived by people connected with white supremacist organizations , what ’s the next step ?
Arizona legislature bans ethnic - studies programs , of course !
But wait , there ’s more !
They ’re on a roll .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The flow of oil and gas from the broken well in the Gulf of Mexico has been stopped by pumping mud into it however the challenge will be whether that can be sustained , the U.S. incident commander Admiral Thad Allen said on Friday .
Allen said the next 12 to 18 hours will be “ very critical ” in the effort to stop the gusher which has sent thousands of barrels of oil into the fragile ecosystem there , he said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” .
BP Plc BP.L Chief Executive Tony Hayward said on the same program that the effort to plug the well was " going pretty well according to plan " and that they have also been pumping rubber and other material into the well , known as the " junk shot " .
Hayward said they planned to begin pumping more mud into the well again later today .
WASHINGTON ( Dow Jones Newswires ) , May 26 , 2010
President Barack Obama , fighting to stay ahead of the political storm over the Gulf oil spill , is expected to announce on Thursday that the government will impose tougher safety requirements and a more rigorous inspections on offshore drilling operations .
The steps come at what could be a turning point for Mr. Obama .
His administration faces growing criticism that it has done too little , too late in the face of an environmental catastrophe that threatens some of the nation 's richest fisheries , popular tourist beaches and , potentially , thousands of jobs in the offshore oil industry .
Mr. Obama is scheduled to fly to Louisiana Friday for his second visit in a month , the latest step in the administration 's intensified efforts to show a vigorous response to the disaster .
But the success of the White House effort to prevent political damage depends to a great degree on events it cannot control .
Chief among these is whether BP 's latest effort to stop the flow -- a method of injecting drilling mud and cement known as " top kill " -- will work .
BP has said it will attempt the operation today .
Company officials have cautioned the maneuver has never been done in such deep water .
The leaking well is a mile below the surface .
If the top kill fails , BP could try again to lower an oil - containing dome over the spewing well , although an earlier effort to use the same tactic failed .
Government and BP officials fear the gusher will flow until August , when a relief well is completed to help plug the leak .
The president plans a speech Thursday , after he receives a Department of Interior report on what led to the April 20 explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , which touched off the oil flow .
Mr. Obama is expected to detail changes to offshore drilling permits .
Administration officials say those changes will include new permitting procedures to ensure rig safety .
Additional inspections of the rigs will be required , in part to verify that safety features and environmental precautions accepted during the permitting process were in place .
Those regulatory changes are detailed in a 30 - day review that was ordered by the president last month and due on his desk on Thursday .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar is expected to reveal many of the review 's recommendations during congressional testimony on Wednesday .
If the oil is still flowing Thursday , Mr. Obama will also address what more can be done .
White House energy - and - environment czar Carol Browner said Tuesday that a device known as a blow - out preventer has been moved to the ocean floor .
BP plans to try inserting it on top of a blow - out preventer that failed to close down the well after the explosion that sank the Deepwater Horizon , killing 11 people .
Ms. Browner said the administration was looking at options short of waiting for relief wells to be drilled .
" This is probably going to be the worst spill we 've ever seen , and possibly the worst environmental disaster this country has ever seen , " Ms. Browner said .
Mr. Obama 's stepped up response comes as political heat is rising .
Some critics said the federal government had been too dependent on BP for solutions .
Others said the government 's response to the challenge of containing the spilled oil has been sluggish and poorly coordinated .
The Republican National Committee and National Republican Senatorial Committee criticized Mr. Obama for flying Tuesday to San Francisco to raise money for Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D , Calif . ) while the oil is still flowing .
Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson , a fierce oil - drilling opponent from Florida , called on the president to put the military in charge of the cleanup .
" This administration likes to say that it will ' keep the boot on the throat of BP . '
Well , it 's time to use the other boot to actually stop the spill , " Sen . John Barrasso ( R , Wyo. ) said at a Senate hearing on the spill Tuesday .
Dan Weiss , an energy specialist at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank with close White House ties , said he had talked with White House officials about pressing BP to set up an escrow account to ensure timely payments on environmental and economic damages .
He suggested $ 5 billion , roughly equal to BP 's first - quarter profits .
The administration is also eyeing studies to set economic , environmental and health baselines in the Gulf region quickly , so the damage can be more accurately measured if and when the impacts are felt .
Until this week , criticism of the administration response had been relatively restrained in Washington .
Republicans allied with the oil industry did n't want to align with Democratic complaints laying the blame at BP , and by extension , with the push for more off - shore drilling .
Democrats have not wanted to criticize the president .
The most pointed criticism of the federal response has come from Louisiana 's Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal and other officials in his state , so far the hardest hit by the spill .
A key problem is a lack of oil - blocking booms to lay along the coast to keep oil offshore .
Mr. Jindal said Monday that state officials on May 2 and May 3 called for more than 8 million feet of boom .
As of May 24 , Mr. Jindal said , the state had received just over 815,000 feet of boom .
Even when booms were available , the government was criticized for not having the material positioned in the right spots on the coast and not having it installed quickly enough .
Late last week , for instance , in Terrebonne Parish , west of the Mississippi River along the coast , booms sat waiting to be installed for more than a day .
Local leaders were incensed , and lashed out at federal officials and BP in community meetings .
Edwin Stanton , the Coast Guard official who is in charge of the New Orleans area and is one of the senior Coast Guard officials fighting the spill , told a community gathering in Houma , La. , on Saturday that he had had " a heated moment " the day before , when he had learned " that some of the equipment on the beach had n't been deployed as I directed it to be deployed " in Terrebonne Parish .
" Believe me , I fixed it , " he said .
Louisiana officials continue to feud with administration regulators over a state proposal to build up barrier islands between the coast 's marshes and the gulf .
Federal officials have so far refused to permit the work , fearing that it would create unintended long - term environmental damage , such as killing wildlife that lives in the area .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
After an on - again , off - again review process that finally culminated with full State Department approval last year , the US government has finally issued its first passports containing RFID chips .
The embedded chips in the new passports -- which are being issued to a group of diplomats as part of a pilot program -- contain the same information that 's in the printed document , including a photo of the passport holder .
Government officials have said that the use of the RFID chip allows passports to be scanned and cross-referenced with security databases more easily , while privacy advocates have argued they 'll make it easier for identity thieves and terrorists to extract information -- especially after a security firm successfully demonstrated that they were able to crack the encryption used on prototype Dutch RFID passports .
Despite such concerns , the new passports are scheduled to be rolled out nationally in October .
