From NetEase :
You may have seen the news reports that I made about the chopping of trees in Niujia Village , Lihe town , Dezhou / Linyi city during which I was shoved around by the village director .
Yesterday , the village director and other local government officials came to Qilu TV Station to apologize .
The village director also said that he has repaired the outhouse destroyed by the fallen trees and paid compensation .
So I thought that this was how the issue was resolved .
Since they apologized sincerely and I had no personal stake , this was good enough for the villagers .
But I was angry when I found out from villagers that the TV news program was scheduled to run at 6 pm , but the Linyi government cut off the signal to Qilu TV at 5:55 pm and restored it only at 9 pm !
Also , the village director lied when he said that he repaired the outhouse .
Up to this moment , the village director has neither apologized to the villagers nor repaired the outhouse .
Now I am really angry !
What is this !?
Did he come to apologize just to make the TV station not report the case anymore ?
How can this kind of village director do anything good for the villagers ?
So this case is not finished .
I will go back to that village and help the villagers win their rights back !
So let us take a look at the village director who hit me — Tan Zhuanhe .
It was like this : I walked out of the village government office and he was there waiting for me .
I told him that I was going to the village with him .
He said fiercely : “ Go , let ’s go to the village ! ” I asked , “ What kind of attitude is that ? ”
Suddenly he swung his fist and hit me in the temple .
I was stunned .
I reacted and yelled : “ What are you doing ! ”
He raised his hand and slapped me .
Here is the moment captured by the camera [ note : which is about 3 minutes into the YouKu video ] .
Then he let a man wearing a t - shirt grab the camera in order to shut it off .
My cameraman Wang Xiaolong hung on to the equipment , but that man snatched off the battery .
During this period , the village director grabbed my throat and punched me twice again .
He was later stopped by another village cadre .
During this episode , the town government party secretary named Ying stood on the side and watched with arms akimbo .
He did not intercede .
When I asked secretary Ying for help , he turned around and walked away .
I thought that this affair was over .
But when I learned that they cut off the Qilu TV signal and neither apologized to nor compensated the villagers , I decided to struggle all the way with this Linyi village director !
The above translation was from EastSouthWestNorth .
He report this news faster than me .
This is the video of the attack :
The NetEase post was reposted from the reporter Wang Xi ’s blog .
Below are some comments that I had prepared last evening .
Comments from NetEase :
jason16816 :
Right now is the Communist Party ’s world , and when us ordinary citizens face this kind of situation , what can we do ?
hw2006888 :
Support Wang Xi !!!
There are a lot of these kinds of land owners [ village bosses / heads ] in those remote places where law enforcement is lax .
Next time you go interview , I recommend you bring anti-rape spray !!!
yuegangfb :
Village cadres have liability , rural cadres have administrative liability , resolutely investigate their legal liability .
These two are both Party cadres , so our Party committee should come out to give an explanation .
leileihong16 :
Such an loss of face for Shandong people , truly not a man …
zs -ht :
Reporters are even more powerful than gods , and you still dare hit her ?
Go ahead and hit her , otherwise the internet will not have anything to do .
Make this bigger and you will soon become famous .
byy1023 :
This is the consequence of you putting your nose in other people ’s business !
There are too many black [ corrupt ] places in China , so the problems of a village is a hair of nine cows [ a drop in the ocean ] .
If you really have the ability , go find the problem at the root / source and then solve that problem .
wlbhlh :
This kind of village leader are the scum and trash of the civil servants .
He has lost face for the Chinese Communist Party to foreigners .
Village secretaries need to be party members .
Those who do not work for the people are all dogs .
He must be made to apologize to the entire country ’s people !!!
Especially to Shandong people .
dwh.gy :
Look at these officials , even daring to attack the media , so how much respect could they have for the ordinary common people ?
I think it the ordinary common people should raid / ransack / pillage his home !
yaoaihuagf :
If it were an ordinary person who attacked others , he definitely would have been arrested .
However , the moment the assailant has some power , the police stands by and does nothing !
Hitting someone like this , why only an apology ?
Is it okay for me to first hit you and then just say sorry ?
With this and we wonder why that little village ’s leader is so arrogant / cocky ?
If it were a higher official , even beating you to death would be no big deal !
wdc347702600 :
Everyone be strong .
The strength of the netizens ’ voice is great … poor Wang Xi [ the reporter ] …
龙翔八方 :
This is not a small matter .
If we want to reform social phenomenon like this , it must start from every little thing .
I seriousl support !!!
duolingjiao :
Broadcast this on television !
This village leader is not far away from his death / demise !
xujing305305 :
Black men suffer disproportionately from mental health problems
Men are struggling to cope with the emotional impact of the recession , a mental health charity has warned .
Almost 40 % of men admit to feeling low at the moment with job security , work and money playing on their minds , a Mind survey of 2,000 adults found .
Yet men are less likely than women to seek help from their GP or a counsellor , the results suggested .
The charity said 2.7 m men in England currently have a mental health problem such as depression , anxiety or stress .
Men responding to the survey seemed to be more reluctant to talk about when they were feeling stressed or low than women .
Only 29 % of men would talk to friends about their problems compared with 53 % of women and they were also less likely to talk to their family .
Men were also less likely to seek out professional help and a third would feel embarrassed about it .
The recession is clearly having a detrimental impact on the nation 's mental health but men in particular are struggling with the emotional impact
Paul Farmer , Mind And 5 % of men said they had experienced suicidal thoughts compared with 2 % of women .
A report from Mind , has called for the government to produce a men's mental health strategy and for employers to do more to help stressed male workers .
Mind said even though men and women experience mental health problems in roughly equal numbers , men are much less likely to be diagnosed and treated for it .
The recession could make the situation much worse , with research showing one in seven men develop depression within six months of losing their jobs .
Some minority ethnic groups are at a higher risk of mental distress than others , Mind said .
For example African Caribbean men are three times more likely than white men to be formally detained under the Mental Health Act and are also more likely to be inpatients on mental health wards and to receive invasive medical treatments .
Identity Paul Farmer , chief executive at Mind , said : " The recession is clearly having a detrimental impact on the nation 's mental health , but men in particular are struggling with the emotional impact .
" Being a breadwinner is something that is still crucial to the male psyche so if a man loses his job he loses a large part of his identity putting his mental wellbeing in jeopardy .
" The problem is that too many men wrongly believe that admitting mental distress makes them weak and this kind of self stigma can cost lives . "
He added that the NHS must become more " male - friendly " offering treatments that appeal to men , like exercise on prescription or computerised therapy and advertising their services in places men frequent .
Stephen
Fry who is supporting the Mind campaign to encourage men to seek help , said : " For so long I tried to get on with my life and career , somehow coping with the huge highs and lows I experienced .
" If I had felt able to get it off my chest when I was younger I could have got more of the support I needed . "
Peter Cooper , spokesman for the British Psychological Society , said the fact that men were less likely to talk about feelings added to anxiety and depression and unhealthy behaviours such as drinking .
" With men there 's much more shame about say the loss of a job or the loss of a home .
" The type of help that men need includes psychotherapy but what they are also desperate for is pragmatic practical help . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Comes to show you that even professionals mess up .
And look !
It seems like the news media has it all wrong from the beginning .
According to @swineflew ‘s bio :
“ Swine flu ?
You ’ve got it all wrong .
They said swine flew in Mexico .
We do it all the time .
Get over it . ”
The U.S. Supreme Court has been in the headlines a lot this summer , ruling on matters including LGBTQ rights in the workplace and a Louisiana law restricting abortion .
But journalist Steve Vladeck , in an article published in Slate this week , emphasizes that the High Court does n’t spend all of its time on famous cases .
The justices , Vladeck points out , also have what University of Chicago law professor Will Baude has described as “ the shadow docket ” — which is “ quietly shaping the rules of the upcoming elections , how governments can and ca n’t respond to COVID , the resumption of the federal death penalty , and more . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The high - profile cases that make the headlines , Vladeck observes , typically appear on the Supreme Court ’s “ merits docket . ”
Explaining how the “ merits docket ” and “ shadow docket ” work , Vladeck explains , “ The Court ’s ‘ merits docket ’ includes cases in which the justices first decide to grant review , take full briefing — including from outside parties — hold oral argument , and then deliver lengthy , signed opinions providing the Court ’s reasoning and resolving the case .
In contrast , the ‘ shadow docket ’ consists almost entirely of summary orders , usually only one sentence long .
These orders tend to be based on far less participation from lawyers , far less briefing , and no oral argument .
And , in almost every case , they offer virtually no insight into the justices ’ reasoning — unless some of them choose to write separately to explain their concurrence or dissent . ”
Vladeck adds that even though the “ shadow docket ” does n’t result in a lot of major headlines , that does n’t mean it does n’t “ affect our lives . ”
Since July , he observes , the Supreme Court has “ issued rulings on the ‘ shadow docket ’ ” that “ cleared the way for the first three federal executions in 17 years after lower courts had repeatedly halted them ” and “ blocked a grassroots effort in Idaho to increase funding for K–12 education . ”
On top of those things , Vladeck points out , the Supreme Court ’s “ shadow docket ” rulings have “ allowed President Donald Trump to finish using military construction funds to complete his controversial border wall ” and “ prevented potentially hundreds of thousands of eligible voters in Florida from voting this November by refusing to freeze Florida ’s ‘ pay to vote ’ law , which requires felons to clear any claimed outstanding judgments before voting , and which the lower court had struck down as flagrantly unconstitutional . ”
In recent months , Vladeck notes , there has been an increase in shadow docket activity on the Supreme Court — and this activity should be receiving more media coverage .
“ With more and more of these decisions affecting more and more of us on a regular basis , ” Vladeck writes , “ it would behoove the justices to do whatever they can to bring more of these rulings into the sunlight — and for Congress to consider more aggressive reforms if they do n’t . ”
We have mixed feelings about the news that Psystar is going under .
On the one hand , it 's wonderful having somebody attempt to create powerful , expandable Macs for cheap , on the other hand the company has been generally abrasive to the grassroots hacker community its work is based on , and pretty bombastic when it comes to Apple and " the law . "
But hey , everybody needs to make a profit , even companies being sued into oblivion by Apple , and the news of Psystar filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection has interesting legal implications .
Not only does it stall Apple 's case against the company -- while implying a possibly inevitable defeat -- but Apple has long posited that a mystery investor behind Psystar has nefarious aims , and the bankruptcy hearing on June 5th will name the creditors behind the company .
Our fingers are crossed for a " Dan Brown " - style conspiracy , but we 're prepared to be " post -2002 Tom Hanks " - style disappointed .
[ Via SlashGear
By Richard Galpin
BBC News , Moscow
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Russian President Dmitri Medvedev has issued a stern warning to any countries considering what he called " military adventures " .
Mr Medvedev said they would be met with the proper response .
He was speaking at a military parade in Moscow commemorating the victory over Nazi Germany in World War II .
The speech comes as tensions have flared up again as Georgia hosts a military exercise this month organised by the Nato military alliance .
Speaking in front of thousands of troops on parade in Red Square , Mr Medvedev said that the Soviet Union 's defeat of German forces during World War II was a great lesson to all nations which was still relevant today .
Because , he said , some countries were resorting to military adventures .
Although he did not specify which countries he was referring to , it is widely assumed this warning was aimed at neighbouring Georgia .
Last summer Russia and Georgia went to war over the fate of two of Georgia 's breakaway regions South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Russia is furious as it views Georgia as within its own sphere of influence and does not want the country to join Nato .
Some military analysts are warning there could be further conflict in the region .
Friends have asked about the crash of Colgan 3407 , stalled by a very junior captain and a moderately junior first officer .
How could two experienced pilots have made the kind of mistake that befalls rusty Private pilots in a little four - seater ?
Evidence suggests that both pilots were fatigued and one was sick .
The captain had failed quite a few check rides , but the first officer had 1600 hours before she joined Colgan and held a current flight instructor certificate .
She probably built up most of those 1600 hours saving students from their mistakes .
Sick and tired , evidence suggests that she could not save the captain from his mistakes .
Politicians have focussed on the low pay for regional airline pilots .
I think that AIG , Wall Street , and our public school systems demonstrate that paying employees more does not necessarily generate higher performance .
Working for $ 19,000 per year and living with mom does n’t sound very glamorous , but there are plenty of people who want to do it .
Paying Rebecca
Shaw more would not have saved the airplane and its passengers .
What could have saved the airplane ?
Well rested pilots .
Most airlines have a seniority - based system for everything , including , critically , scheduling .
A senior pilot at a major airline might be able to arrange his schedule so that he need only work 8 or 10 days per month .
He will be able to choose his home base so that it is close to his actual house .
The senior pilot will have a short commute and 20 - 22 days per month of rest .
The junior pilot , by contrast , gets the trips and the schedule that the senior pilots do n’t want .
The result may be 22 days month of 16 - hour days ( measured not by flight time but by hotel room to hotel room ) .
A typical 16 - hour day may include a 6 - hour stop at an airport where the airline does not have a base and therefore there will be nowhere for the pilot to rest .
He or she will be sitting near a gate , in uniform , reading a book , trying to shut out the noise of thousands of passengers walking by and hundreds of public address announcements .
Note that the least experienced pilots at an airline are getting the least rest .
The most experienced crews are getting the most rest .
I.e. , the crews that really need to be sharp to do the job are the ones who are flying while tired .
The seniority system for pay and schedule increases commuting time .
Suppose that an experienced Boeing 737 captain lives in New York and flies for an airline with a New York base .
His wife gets transferred to Los Angeles and he follows her .
His airline does n’t have a base on the west coast .
You ’d think that he would quit and join an LA - based airline flying Boeing 737s , right ?
Doing so would cost him a 70 percent cut in pay and a 50 percent increase in hours worked .
Having lost all of his seniority , he would start as the most junior first officer at his new employer .
It might take him 15 years to work his way back up to captain .
What will he do ?
He can fly free on any airline , so he ’ll keep his job in New York and start every 4 - day trip with a 6 - hour flight from Los Angeles , possibly followed by a night in a “ crash pad ” ( 2 BR apartment shared with 10 other pilots ) .
Does it have to be done this way ?
No. NetJets and many other corporate jet operators have the same schedule for all of their pilots .
In the case of NetJets , it is 7 days on and 7 days off .
A few simple ideas for improving airline safety and giving the future Rebecca Shaws a chance to save the passengers :
require that airlines come up with a scheduling system that gives an equal amount of work and rest to all pilots ( the average amount of work done by pilots would not change , so this should not cost the airlines anything extra )
require that airports served by commercial airlines build crew rest lounges that pilots from any airline can use for naps , etc. ( airports collect a hefty tax on every passenger who goes through , so this should not break their budgets )
come up with a procedure whereby pilots can move from airline to airline without having to start over at the bottom of the pay scale ( there will no longer be a “ schedule scale ” so we do n’t have to worry about that ) , in order to discourage long - distance commuting
[ Note that the typical tiny airport in the U.S. , which the average person would call an “ airstrip ” , and which may not have any full - time staff , will have a comfortable lounge in which visiting pilots can rest .
There will be sofas .
There may be recliner chairs .
Some of these small airports for private planes even have small bedrooms for naps .
How come the guy flying a four - seat prop plane has a better place to rest than the pilot of a 150 - passenger jet ? ]
Mark Sanford on Civil Rights Republican SC Governor ; previously Representative ( SC - 1 )
No civil unions ; define one - man - one - woman marriage
A : No .
Q : Should South Carolina restrict marriage to a union only between a man and a woman ?
A : Yes .
Source : 2002 SC Gubernatorial National Political Awareness Test Nov 1 , 2002
Affirmative action in state contracts , but not colleges
Q : College and university admissions
A : No .
Q : Public employment
A : Yes .
Q : State contracting
A : Yes .
Source : 2002 SC Gubernatorial National Political Awareness Test Nov 1 , 2002
Voted YES on banning gay adoptions in DC .
Reference : Amendment introduced by Largent , R- OK ; Bill HR 2587 ; vote number 1999 - 346 on Jul 29 , 1999
Voted NO on ending preferential treatment by race in college admissions .
Reference : Amendment introduced by Riggs , R- CA . ; Bill HR 6 ; vote number 1998 - 133 on May 6 , 1998
Search for ...
X
Page last updated : Feb 08 , 2010
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Mumbai slum home of one of the child stars of the Oscar - winning film Slumdog Millionaire has been demolished by city authorities .
Reports say that police smacked the boy , Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail , with a bamboo stick before ordering him out .
The authorities claim he and other families were squatting on land that was owned by the government .
He played a younger version of one of the main characters in the film , which scooped eight Oscars .
" We are homeless , we have nowhere to go , " Azharuddin said after the demolition .
The family lived in a temporary makeshift shelter made up of plastic sheets over bamboo sticks , in a slum near Bandra East in Mumbai .
He said he had been fast asleep when the demolition squad came and asked them to leave , later tearing down the entire row of tents pitched on the land .
The family claim they had not been informed about the planned demolition .
Municipal official , Uma Shankar Mistry , who was present during the demolition , told the BBC that the authorities only razed temporary and illegal homes which had recently been erected next to the slum .
He said the houses were in an area that was meant for a public garden .
Housing promise
The mother of the child actor said that she did not know what would happen to her family now and that the help promised by local authorities and by the film 's makers had not materialised .
" Our house has been broken down by officials .
We have not been given any alternate accommodation .
Earlier the authorities had said they would give us a house .
But I do n't think that will happen any more , " Shamim Ismail told the BBC .
The families of Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail and co-star Rubina Ali , who played a younger version of the film 's female lead , had been promised new accommodation by a local housing authority .
But a decision about whether or not this will go ahead is still pending .
Film director Danny Boyle has strongly denied charges of exploitation .
The film 's makers have set up funds to pay for their education and they have been enrolled in school for the first time .
They also recently announced that they will donate £ 500,000 to a charity which will help children living in the slums of Mumbai .
The film has made more than $ 200 m ( £ 140 m ) in box office takings around the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Opinion
Susan Boyle effect : Change cultural bias on appearances
Let ’s make over cultural bias on appearances
Susan Boyle , shown outside her home in Blackburn , Scotland .
Susan Boyle , shown outside her home in Blackburn , Scotland .
Photo : Jeff J Mitchell , Getty Images Photo : Jeff J Mitchell , Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Susan Boyle effect : Change cultural bias on appearances 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
By now you have probably heard of the Scottish woman , Susan Boyle , who became an overnight international media sensation ( millions of YouTube hits and counting ) after her appearance on a British television show called Britain ’s Got Talent , anAmerican Idol - like show .
This stocky , cheeky 47 - year old woman , who describes herself as unemployed , living alone with her cat , never been kissed , and singing in her church choir , was subject to the audience and judges ’ initial derision and ridicule when she stated that she wanted to be a famous singer .
Preparing to be amused , the audience and judges instead rose to their feet to cheer when she started to sing , revealing a powerful and beautiful voice .
Since then the narrative is unfolding along predictable paths , with “ do n’t judge a book by its cover ” or “ rooting for the underdog ” being primary motifs .
However , Boyle is a stand - in for millions of women , especially older women , who are marginalized , ignored , and even ridiculed in cultures that idolize youth and beauty .
In fact , radical feminist Mary Daly , tongue firmly in cheek , encouraged older women to start robbing banks since they are so invisible in this culture that they would not be noticed or caught .
In her review of the literature , Samantha Kwan , a University of Houston professor of sociology , found that physical attractiveness is associated with many positive outcomes including employment advantages in hiring , wages and promotion and increased work satisfaction , positive perceptions by others and higher self - esteem .
Additionally , research reveals that physical attractiveness can lead to better treatment in the health care , education and criminal justice systems .
In contrast , Kwan states that women deemed unattractive are subject to stigmatizing , stereotyping and discrimination .
With social and economic rewards to be gained , Kwan notes that it is not surprising that most women engage in some type of “ beauty work practices ” ranging from putting on make up , hair styling and body hair removal to dieting and undergoing cosmetic surgery .
Since women are more judged and valued based on their appearance , they are more likely to engage in such work , although more men are joining in such practices , especially building muscularity .
However , Kwan notes that the beauty standard is a double standard .
While attractiveness is desirable for men ; it is practically compulsory for women .
The underlying premise is that women ’s natural state is not beautiful and that women must work , spending inordinate amounts of time and money , to become beautiful .
“ Natural beauty ” is merely a euphemism for having the beauty work appear effortless .
Although the world is abuzz about the wonder that is Boyle , there is already talk of her “ mini ” beauty makeover .
Some Web sites have posted more extensive virtual makeovers for her .
However , making all women fit a narrow stereotype of beauty is boring as well as homogenizing .
Additionally , beauty work is often a no - win situation for women .
As Kwan cites , if women resist beauty standards they are powerless and condemned as ugly , and if they conform they are powerless in a world that defines female value and worth solely by appearance .
Boyle ’s entrance on the world stage provides a teachable moment .
At her audition , Boyle promised to “ make that audience rock . ”
It would be an added benefit and unexpected consequence if she also rocked unrealistic and often unattainable beauty standards for women .
Our society can resolve not to judge others on the basis of appearance and learn to celebrate women who resist , rather than conform to , the beauty ideal .
It can cause us to look beyond a woman ’s appearance and look instead to her character , her intellect , her talent and her heart .
Rather than Boyle undergoing a makeover , let ’s make over our appearance - obsessed culture .
A proverb holds that beauty is skin deep .
It ’s time to turn our rhetoric into reality .
McPhail is a Houston writer .
What do you mean he 's not real ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Click
for your version of An Owned Life .
Many ask me how can they get involved in BDSM .
For whatever reason , people seem to feel that entering into this lifestyle requires a major shift in their life .
While this can be true for one who chooses to go to the extreme , most find that BDSM is an adjunct to whatever they experience in their daily life .
The degree one gets involved tends to change over time .
BDSM is about the breakdown of power .
We use different techniques to express our position in the relationship .
Whether one is a Dom or a sub , all is done to emphasize that place .
Bondage is a very effective way to do this .
Before one gets all hell bent on trying to learn advanced rope tying techniques , we must understand that safety is always the highest priority on our list .
Whenever restraining someone , it is vital to allow the bloodflow to continue to whatever part is being bound .
Be sure to check that you can insert two fingers in between the limb and the retraining device .
This will prevent damage resulting from lack of blood circulation .
On of the simplest ways to get into BDSM is simply to restrain a sub 's hands behind his or her back .
This can be done with handcuffs if you have them or with some soft rope .
Tying the hands up will allow you total domination over this person .
I feel it is best to start with your sexual play .
While BDSM can be much more than just sex , it is something that most seem to identify with .
With this particular situation , a sub who is naked with the hands behind his or her back is accessible to whatever your whims are .
That person has no control over the situation .
We can enhance this scene by implementing a bit of role playing .
Obviously , the cop / prisoner comes to mind .
You can also use the kidnapper fantasy too .
Either will further stress the domination and the submission each feels .
In my book , , I mentioned how verbal humiliation can add to a sex scene .
Here is an opportunity where that technique fits in perfectly .
When your sub is bound and helpless , you can verbally degrade him or her .
For many , this will add to the feeling of the scene .
As mentioned in the book , it is important that your sub be of the right psychological state before using this method .
BDSM need not be mysterious or complex .
The goal is to enjoy yourself in whatever you do .
I find that BDSM can take even mundane activities and make them interesting .
The division of power is something that you can experiment with .
For me , starting in the bedroom is the best place .
From there you can progress to other areas of your life .
You are only limited by your imagination .
Remember Galaxy Zoo ?
It 's a project using professional images of galaxies , but has citizens -- that means you ! -- classifying them .
It 's the crack cocaine of the internet ; once you start it 's hard to stop .
Well , the folks in charge of it have decided to use that addictive quality to their advantage .
This week is the IYA 's 100 Hours of Astronomy effort , where observatories and other ventures are doing all sorts of outreach including live observations , all spanning the 100 hours of time from April 2 - 5 .
And Galaxy Zoo wants to classify 1,000,000 galaxies in those 100 hours !
Sound crazy ?
They 're already halfway there !
[ Incidentally , in the time it took me to write this blog entry 9000 more have been classified . ]
If you 've fiddled with Galaxy Zoo before , you know how much fun it is : all you have to do is take a simple test so that they know you can classify galaxies ( into elliptical , irregular , and spiral ( both clockwise and anticlockwise ) ) and once you do , off you go .
They 've made some improvements to the process since I last wrote about it , so even if you 've been there before , it 's time to revisit .
It 's fascinating , it 's fun , and you 're using real data and doing a real contribution to science .
So get in there and start classifying !
As a prominent member of British cycling 's talented younger generation , Lizzie Armitstead might be expected to have eyes only for the future .
In the short term , she has three chances of gold medals , tomorrow , Friday and Sunday , in the world track cycling championships in Poland .
For the rest of this year , there will be her road racing career to think about , while 2012 and London are inevitably looming large in her mind .
However , the 20 - year - old from Otley , Yorkshire , is well aware of the wheeltracks she is following .
Not long after she first got on her bike in anger , Armitstead 's grandmother gave her an old newspaper cutting about the late , great Beryl Burton , a prolific medallist at world and national championships in a 25 - year career .
" You look at some of her times on the equipment she was riding and you think oof !
She 's definitely someone who is n't recognised as much as she should have been for what she did . "
There seems little chance of Armitstead lapsing into obscurity , such has been her rise in the last six months .
In September last year she rode in her first senior world road race championship in support of the eventual gold medallist , Nicole Cooke .
That was followed by a barnstorming track World Cup in Manchester , where she managed a clean sweep of gold medals in all her three events : team pursuit , points and scratch race .
Her successful winter ended at the Copenhagen World Cup with golds in the scratch and team pursuit .
She has every reason to be optimistic about the next few days , but can't quite bring herself to declare she wants three gold medals .
" It 's difficult not to let your dreams run away with you .
I 'm capable of achieving gold in all three , but the scratch and points are a bit of a lottery and I 'm going to be marked .
To achieve all three you would need a lot of ­dominance in each event .
You have to put the World Cup into perspective : Manchester was n't ­anything near world championship level . "
The yardstick within the Great Britain track cycling team could hardly be higher after last year 's dominance at the world 's ( nine of 18 possible golds ) and Olympics ( seven of 10 golds ) .
For " medal or nothing " , the original motto post - Athens , the feeling is that gold is all that counts .
" Within this programme , it 's now the done thing to win a gold medal , " says Armitstead .
" Subconsciously if I do n't podium in all three I 'll be disappointed , but I do n't want to say outright I want to do that . "
She came to cycling relatively late , at 16 , when British Cycling 's Talent Team visited her school .
" I had a friend who was a bit naughty and she got me on the playing field [ cycling ] to miss lessons .
Some of the lads taunted me into racing .
I did n't even own a bike , it was just one from the Talent Team . "
Before , she had been a runner , with parents who raced with the Otley Athletic Club .
" There 's no ceiling with Lizzie , " says the women 's endurance coach , Dan Hunt .
" She 's multi-talented , technically skilled , tactically astute , she has a big engine and she learns quickly .
There is not an event out there she cannot perform well in .
She 's already establishing herself as a good road rider on the pro scene and by London she could be looking at the possibility of road and track medals . "
That , however , may depend on whether or not there are more places for women cyclists at the Games .
Currently , a team is only permitted to take three women track riders for four track events .
A further event may be added this summer , but it is unclear whether numbers will be increased .
Given that the three prime candidates for the British slots on the track will be Victoria Pendleton , Rebecca Romero and Wendy Houvenaghel , who is aiming for gold in the individual pursuit today , Armitstead has her eyes on a place in the road team .
" The points is an Olympic event but it 's a lottery , so unless I was completely dominant my chances of selection would be at risk .
The road is n't an easy option , but it 's a more open option .
I 'm lucky the points and road are in the Games , because they are my favourite events , but the allocation of riders could prevent me doing what I want to .
I can't understand why it 's allowed to happen . "
And so , while the parallels between Armitstead and Burton are appealing , the differences matter more .
Burton never had the chance to go to an Olympic Games , as her best years were over by 1984 when women cyclists were allowed in .
And while her illustrious predecessor was a supreme time triallist and occasional bunched racer , Armitstead lives for mass - start events : road racing , and the points and scratch on the track .
" It 's why I enjoy bike racing .
It 's not going round the bottom of the track in circles .
I get excited racing other people , using my head .
Just watching a bunched race is like watching a story unfold . "
Scientific American in recent years seems to be quite fond of parallel universes , with major articles promoting the multiverse here , here and here ( commentary on this blog here and here ) .
Their latest issue continues in this vein with an article by Sean Carroll entitled Does Time Run Backward in Other Universes ? , which advertises his 2004 work with Jennifer Chen claiming that the multiverse explains the arrow of time .
For new blog entries about this , see here for something from Sean , here for a Lubos rant .
As with all claims about the multiverse , the problem is whether they are even in principle scientifically testable or not .
If they ’re not , they ’re not science and promoting them to the public is a bad idea .
The only thing I can find in the Scientific American article that addresses the testability issue at all is the following :
As of right now , the jury is out on our model .
Cosmologists have contemplated the idea of baby universes for many years , but we do not understand the birthing process .
If quantum fluctuations could create new universes , they could also create many other things — for example , an entire galaxy .
For a scenario like ours to explain the universe we see , it has to predict that most galaxies arise in the aftermath of big bang–like events and not as lonely fluctuations in an otherwise empty universe .
If not , our universe would seem highly unnatural .
This does n’t seem to have anything to do specifically with the Carroll / Chen claims about the arrow of time , but rather is just a restatement of one of the desired properties of multiverse models , that they do n’t lead to “ Boltzmann Brains ” .
Bernard Madoff Celebrates Birthday In Jail and Disgrace Wife Ruth visits ;
Still in love but shunned and lonely .
April 29 , 2009  -- Convicted swindler Bernard Madoff will celebrate his 71st birthday today in jail and disgrace .
Madoff is being held at a federal prison in lower Manhattan , the Metropolitan Correctional Center ( MCC ) , while he awaits a sentencing hearing , tentatively scheduled for June 16 .
He is inmate # 61727-054 .
" We do not celebrate inmates ' birthdays in any way , " said Scott Sussman , Public Information Officer for the MCC .
Madoff 's wife , Ruth , visited him on Monday .
The federal prison system says " handshaking , embracing , and kissing are ordinarily permitted within the bounds of good taste , " according to Bureau of Prison regulations .
No conjugal visits are allowed .
Ruth Madoff declined to comment as she left the prison .
Ruth Still Loves Bernie
There is little to celebrate this year for the Madoff family , his former investors and his former employees .
Ruth has told members of her family that she still loves her husband of more than 45 years , but that she feels shunned and lonely because of her husband 's $ 65 billion fraud that cheated thousands of people , including some of her closest friends .
The government has seized the Madoffs ' vacation home in Palm Beach , Florida , their 70 - foot luxury yacht and a smaller boat .
His wife is fighting to maintain their two - story penthouse apartment in Manhattan and more than $ 62 million Ruth Madoff claims belongs to her , independent of her husband 's criminal activities .
Madoff entered a guilty plea in March to 11 counts including fraud and perjury .
He told U.S. District court judge Denny Chin , " I can not adequately express how sorry I am for what I have done . "
Federal prosecutors are in plea negotiations with at least two of the people suspected by investigators of helping Madoff pull off his scheme , accountant David Friehling and long - time Madoff employee Frank DiPascali .
DiPascali told ABCNews.com he could not comment " right now . "
Investigators say DiPascali played a key role in " cooking the books " by recording bogus stock trades .
His plea negotiations were first reported by Fortune Magazine .
His lawyer did not return calls seeking comment .
Friehling also could not be reached for comment .
In a court filing , prosecutors acknowledged ongoing negotiations with Madoff 's accountant .
Friehling signed off on yearly reports that federal prosecutors say covered up Madoff 's Ponzi scheme .
Joanna Jennings contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
$ 2T IN SAVINGS OVER 10 YEARS ?
$ 2T IN SAVINGS OVER 10 YEARS ?
WASHINGTON  President Obama on Monday praised health care industry groups for coming together to try and cut $ 2 trillion in expenses over the next decade to slow the rising cost of medical care .
At a White House news conference flanked by industry officials , Obama called the meeting of officials " who often fought with each other " a " historic day , a watershed event in the long quest for health care reform . "
VIDEO : Obama on health care savings INTEREST GROUPS :
Who 's driving health care reform ?
" We can't continue down the same dangerous road we 've been traveling for so many years , with costs that are out of control , " Obama said .
Obama called the step officials took Monday part of a " broader effort " to reform health care .
The groups have pledged to cut the rate of growth of health care spending over the next 10 years .
Obama said Monday it could save the typical family an average of $ 2,500 a year in health care costs .
" If these savings are truly achieved , this may be the most significant development on the path to health care reform , " said Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , which advocates for expanded health care coverage .
" It would cut health costs for families and businesses , and it would enable adequate subsidies to be offered so that everyone has access to quality affordable health care . "
Six medical trade groups , including the American Medical Association and America 's Health Insurance Plans , which represents health insurance companies , have agreed to the cost-cutting .
Health care costs would continue to rise , just not as quickly .
Democratic lawmakers are developing a plan to expand coverage to more of the 46 million people the Census Bureau estimates are uninsured .
A major obstacle to that effort is the rising cost of health care , which has grown to $ 2.2 trillion a year , according to the Congressional Research Service .
Karen Ignagni , president of America 's Health Insurance Plans , suggested a similar idea in congressional testimony in March .
THE OVAL : Video Q&A on health insurance with Ignagni " Cost savings of this magnitude could go a long way toward ensuring that every American has access to affordable , quality coverage , " Ignagni said .
" These savings could help finance part of the costs of providing coverage to the uninsured . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement President Barack Obama has proposed outlawing offshore tax - avoidance techniques in a move that could hit US corporations with overseas divisions .
His proposals would axe some tax deductions for firms that earn profits in countries with low tax rates .
His plan envisages 800 extra federal agents to police the laws , and may reap $ 210 bn ( £ 140 bn ) in tax over the decade .
The president said he wanted to " make it easier " for US companies to create jobs at home .
' Corporate loopholes '
He wants to close tax provisions that allow firms to put off paying taxes on profits made overseas as long as those earnings are invested back into the overseas subsidiaries .
" The steps I am announcing today will help us deal with some of the more egregious examples of what is wrong with our tax code , " he said at a joint announcement with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
While " most Americans meet their responsibilities " with regard to tax , he said there were others shirking theirs .
He now needs congressional approval for the changes , which some business leaders oppose , before they could come into effect in 2011 .
The president said his proposals would fix a tax code " full of corporate loopholes " which encourage US companies to send jobs overseas .
' Balance '
His administration wants to prohibit American firms from taking deductions on the expenses for their overseas operations , until after they have booked their profits in the US .
However , expenses on research and experimentation would be exempt .
In addition , at present US firms are allowed to claim a credit against their American taxes for foreign taxes paid .
But the Obama administration wants to end this practice as it says some firms take advantage of this by artificially increasing the amount of taxes they owe .
And the administration also wants to restrict the strategy that allows US - based multinational firms to shift profits into low - tax jurisdictions .
To prevent this it would require some foreign subsidiaries to be considered as separate corporations for US tax purposes .
The president also called for more transparency in bank accounts held by US citizens in tax havens such as the Cayman Islands .
It is proposed that reporting requirements for overseas investments are tightened and that tougher penalties are introduced for those who fail to report foreign accounts .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has said the package of proposals " would bring balance to our tax code " .
But Drew Lyon , a tax expert at PriceWaterhouse Coopers , said : " It 's really hitting most Fortune 100 companies that depend to a great deal on growth of foreign markets for growing their total earnings . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Group : Troll
Posts : 81
Joined : 30 - March 08
Member No. : 3,064
Group : TrollPosts : 81Joined : 30 - March 08 Member No. : 3,064
In this thread there are n't any remarks about the ATC 'er giving the distance from Johnstown Airport to the point where , at 10:06 AM EST , the ATC 'er lost the transponder signal again .
He gave at 10:10 AM the geographical coordinates for that signal loss spot , but at 10:07 already , also the distance in miles :
QUOTE - 10:07 AM
: Sixteen ( 16 ) miles south of Johnstown they said they lost radar contact with UAL93 and it was heading turning one four zero heading .
Later , about 10:10 AM he gave the geographical coordinates for the point where they lost contact via the transponder signals on their screens .
However , that 's nearly 2 times further than the distance he gave a few minutes earlier for the same spot .
See for more details this thread - post of mine at ATS , which thread I seemed to have hijacked , as usual when I get hooked to a subject :
Visit
My post at this 7 page long ATS - thread .
It 's not really lost time to read the whole thread for those who believe that something stinks in the official UAL93 story .
QUOTE Originally posted by LaBTop at ATS
-- I snipped some first text lines --
4 . Two ATC controllers had a conversation about one of them registering UAL93's transponder signal again at 10:05 AM , and thus having all the associated readings back on his screen again , like height ( 8,200 feet !!! ) , distance , rate of descent and flight path heading during the short time ( circa one minute ) the signal was on again .
He lost it again at 10:06 AM , and gave the exact geographical coordinates to his ATC colleague for the moment he lost track again :
39°51'0.00 '' N and 78°46'0.00 ''
W .
He did not give the height !
I will come to that later on .
5 . This is a post from the Google Earth Community - Forums from 09/09/2006 ( that 's 4 years ago already ) :
http://bbs.keyhole.com/ubb/ubbthreads.php?...p;Number=575075
[ ex ] Location of " end " on flight path of flight 93 .
Airport closed 1999 - runway in top condition . [/ ex ]
It 's the Indian Lake Airpark ( 5G2 ) Central City , PA which is situated just 0.5 mile east of Indian Lake , where all that debris rained down on the marinas and on the fishermen on the lake .
And then we have another debris site cordoned off by the FBI on 911 , 8 miles from the official crash site , near New Baltimore .
It is however not at all the coordinates that the ATC 'er gave for the last known position of UAL93 , that 's much more southeast !
So , how did this person got to his remark in 2006 already , makes me wonder .
6 . This is looking straight down onto the Flight 93 crash site .
North is to the top .
Note the impact point north of the road , and the burned trees to the south of it .
On the left side of this aerial photo you see the two perpendicular ditches you can see in the big 1994 USGS - photo I linked to in my last post .
It 's clear that the crash spot is definitely not in the soft refilled soil but instead in the original soil just beside the gravel road .
Just enlarge this 911 - photo so far , until you can overlay it on the 1994 USGS photo .
Then you see my point .
=========================
Ok , also found that link to the official transcription of the last known position of UAL93 from the Pilots for 911 Truth forum by member Woody Box :
Pilots for 911 Truth - Board message :
http://pilotsfor911truth.org/united-93-still-airborne.html
Thread started by Woody Box ( this thread here ) :
http://pilotsfor911truth.org/forum/index.php?showtopic=17089
Flight Data Recorder Transcript of ATC communications .
Scroll to page 29 and 30 to look at the last time ATC found the 93 - transponder back :
FDR transcript of ATC 'ers talking about UAL93 on 911 .
It can take some time to load these pages from Scribd .
At the first position when the transponder came on again at 1405 UTC ( 10:05 EST ) , the height reported by that transponder was 8200 feet .
At 1406 UTC ( 10:06 EST ) they lost that transponder contact again .
They did not give a height at that moment !
But they talked on about the last heading of 140° , and pondered on , that it would take the plane then just west of Dulles Airport in the end .
So I wonder if this means that the plane was still at that same height of about 8,000 feet , as reported earlier on already by a VFR ( another pilot ) around 09:57 AM , who also said it was waving / rocking its wings flying past him at 8,000 feet high , and 8,000 feet was also reported by the transponder when it briefly ( 1 min ) came on again at 10:04 .
Logic tells us , that if the last height reported by the last transponder signal was much lower than 8,000 feet , those two ATC 'ers would not go on contemplating about where it would end the flight , and even proposed a landing spot just west of Dulles Airport .
They would have shouted that they lost signal at a very low height and that it was going to crash .
But such a nervous conversation did not happen at all in reality !
I ( or another member ? ) will eventually try to calculate speeds along the flight path based on times and positions reported in the Scribd list by those two ATC'ers , and see if they match the NTSB speed diagram , see the link in my above post .
The distance flown , as the crow flies , was about 60 miles from Pittsburgh , and thus the official flight - time 7 minutes from 09:56 until 10:03 AM , over this NTSB trajectory ( however it had a slight half - circular ending ) , that means an overall speed of 514 miles / hour to cover that 60 miles :
- At 09:56 : They tracked UAL93 until they lost it at 09:56 right above Pittsburgh .
The crash site is about 60 miles southeast of Pittsburgh .
- At 09:57 the plane was 20 miles ( NM ? ) northwest of Johnstown Airport , as reported by another plane 's pilot .
- At 10:00 the ATC 'er gives another sort of position reported by that VFR ( visual flight report ) from another pilot at 09:57 :
Eleven , so 11 miles south of Indian Head and just north of Cumberland , Maryland .
- Page 28 : 10:03 AM
Secret Services called and said there was another plane coming from Pittsburgh inbound for Washington DC that 's unaccounted for .
American 77 , says one ATC 'er to the other .
- 10:04 AM : Indiana State police reports a plane down just between the boundary of Ohio and Kentucky , the Cincinnati area .
( I do n't know what to make from that .?. They also waited on confirmation )
- 10:05 AM : Unknown ( Secret Service man on direct land line probably ? ) , says they know about 93 already .
- 10:05 AM : Transponder on again , 8,200 feet and still southbound .
- 10:06 AM : Lost radar contact ( is that for sure the transponder , or main radar returns ? ) .
- 10:07 AM : Sixteen ( 16 ) miles south of Johnstown they said they lost radar contact with UAL93 and it was heading turning one four zero heading .
" " Which will put him to what do you think ? " "
" " Uh I guess that put him down coming right just west of Dulles .
If he stays on that heading of course . "
Thus I think I found something what has not been taken in consideration yet , by the members and pilots from Pilots for 911 Truth .
At 10:07 EST the ATC 'er remarks that they lost contact when the plane was 16 south of Johnstown ( airport ) and it was heading turning one four zero .
Do they mean turning to 140° on a compass scale , or what does " heading turning " mean between one ATC and another ATC ( or pilots ) .
And is 16 south in miles or nautical miles ?
I guess NM .
You can see back in one of my posts in the NTSB diagram from their 93 flight path , that the plane made a wide quarter circle till down south at the end .
When you measure in Google Earth the distance from Johnstown Cambria County Airport ( JST ) to the official crash site , you find it to be 18.66 miles = 16.21 Nautical miles .
The distance however from JST to that position given by the ATC'er for the moment he lost contact with the transponder for the last time , is far more , 39°51'0.00 N 78°46'0.00 W , and that 's 32.36 miles = 28.12 Nautical miles ( further southeast ) from the crash site .
Nearly two times further away in nautical miles .
In a very desolated spot , see for yourself in Google Earth .
Just fill in the above coordinates in Search .
Thus , the questions which arise now , are :
1 . How can an experienced ATC 'er give two data which exclude each other COMPLETELY , namely a rather precise last known geographical position in degrees , compared to a distance from JST in nautical miles ?
Which do not fit each other by any means !
2. Could UAL93 dive from 8,200 feet at a 40° angle to the ground within 60 seconds , without breaking apart in mid air ?
I think it could , but I did not look into the mechanical aspects of its resulting speed over that 40° trajectory related to its airframe endurance , yet .
3 . They lost contact again at 10:06 EST , and talk on a bit about the heading at 10:07 EST , and the point where it then will come down , just west of Dulles Airport .
They would not do that when the height reading and rate of descent at the last transponder loss time was n't about the same as before . --
I snipped some first text lines -- 4 . Two ATC controllers had a conversation about one of them registering UAL93's transponder signal again at 10:05 AM , and thus having all the associated readings back on his screen again , like height ( 8,200 feet !!! ) , distance , rate of descent and flight path heading during the short time ( circa one minute ) the signal was on again .
He lost it again at 10:06 AM , and gave the exact geographical coordinates to his ATC colleague for the moment he lost track again :39°51'0.00 ''
N and 78°46'0.00 ''
W.He did not give the height !
I will come to that later on .
5 . This is a post from the Google Earth Community - Forums from 09/09 / ( that 's 4 years ago already ) :[ ex ]
Location of " end " on flight path of flight 93 .
Airport closed 1999 - runway in top condition . [/ ex ]
It 's the Indian Lake Airpark ( 5G2 ) Central City , PA which is situated just 0.5 mile east of Indian Lake , where all that debris rained down on the marinas and on the fishermen on the lake .
And then we have another debris site cordoned off by the FBI on 911 , 8 miles from the official crash site , near New Baltimore .
It is however not at all the coordinates that the ATC 'er gave for the last known position of UAL93 , that 's much more southeast !
So , how did this person got to his remark in 2006 already , makes me wonder .
6 .
This is looking straight down onto the Flight 93 crash site .
North is to the top .
Note the impact point north of the road , and the burned trees to the south of it .
On the left side of this aerial photo you see the two perpendicular ditches you can see in the big 1994 USGS - photo I linked to in my last post .
It 's clear that the crash spot is definitely not in the soft refilled soil but instead in the original soil just beside the gravel road .
Just enlarge this 911 - photo so far , until you can overlay it on the 1994 USGS photo .
Then you see my point.=========================Ok , also found that link to the official transcription of the last known position of UAL93 from the Pilots for 911 Truth forum by member Woody Box : Pilots for 911 Truth - Board message : Thread started by Woody Box ( this thread here ) : Flight Data Recorder Transcript of ATC communications .
Scroll to page 29 and 30 to look at the last time ATC found the 93 - transponder back : It can take some time to load these pages from Scribd .
At the first position when the transponder came on again at 1405 UTC ( 10:05 EST ) , the height reported by that transponder was 8200 feet .
At 1406 UTC ( 10:06 EST ) they lost that transponder contact again .
They did not give a height at that moment !
But they talked on about the last heading of 140° , and pondered on , that it would take the plane then just west of Dulles Airport in the end .
So I wonder if this means that the plane was still at that same height of about 8,000 feet , as reported earlier on already by a VFR ( another pilot ) around 09:57 AM , who also said it was waving / rocking its wings flying past him at 8,000 feet high , and 8,000 feet was also reported by the transponder when it briefly ( 1 min ) came on again at 10:04 .
Logic tells us , that if the last height reported by the last transponder signal was much lower than 8,000 feet , those two ATC 'ers would not go on contemplating about where it would end the flight , and even proposed a landing spot just west of Dulles Airport .
They would have shouted that they lost signal at a very low height and that it was going to crash .
But such a nervous conversation did not happen at all in reality !
I ( or another member ? ) will eventually try to calculate speeds along the flight path based on times and positions reported in the Scribd list by those two ATC'ers , and see if they match the NTSB speed diagram , see the link in my above post .
The distance flown , as the crow flies , was about 60 miles from Pittsburgh , and thus the official flight - time 7 minutes from 09:56 until 10:03 AM , over this NTSB trajectory ( however it had a slight half - circular ending ) , that means an overall speed of 514 miles / hour to cover that 60 miles :-
At 09:56 : They tracked UAL93 until they lost it at 09:56 right above Pittsburgh .
The crash site is about 60 miles southeast of Pittsburgh . -
At 09:57 the plane was 20 miles ( NM ? ) northwest of Johnstown Airport , as reported by another plane 's pilot . -
At 10:00 the ATC 'er gives another sort of position reported by that VFR ( visual flight report ) from another pilot at 09:57 : Eleven , so 11 miles south of Indian Head and just north of Cumberland , Maryland . -
Page 28 : 10:03 AM
Secret Services called and said there was another plane coming from Pittsburgh inbound for Washington DC that 's unaccounted for .
American 77 , says one ATC'er to the other . - 10:04 AM : Indiana State police reports a plane down just between the boundary of Ohio and Kentucky , the Cincinnati area .
( I do n't know what to make from that .?. They also waited on confirmation ) - 10:05 AM : Unknown ( Secret Service man on direct land line probably ? ) , says they know about 93 already . - 10:05 AM : Transponder on again , 8,200 feet and still southbound .- 10:06 AM : Lost radar contact ( is that for sure the transponder , or main radar returns ? ) .-
10:07 AM : they said they lost radar contact with UAL93 and it was heading turning one four zero heading . " "
Which will put him to what do you think ? " " " "
Uh I guess that put him down coming right just west of Dulles .
If he stays on that heading of course .
" Thus I think I found something what has not been taken in consideration yet , by the members and pilots from Pilots for 911 Truth .
At 10:07 EST the ATC 'er remarks that they lost contact when the plane was 16 south of Johnstown ( airport ) and it was heading turning one four zero .
Do they mean turning to 140° on a compass scale , or what does " heading turning " mean between one ATC and another ATC ( or pilots ) .
And is 16 south in miles or nautical miles ?
I guess NM .
You can see back in one of my posts in the NTSB diagram from their 93 flight path , that the plane made a wide quarter circle till down south at the end .
When you measure in Google Earth the distance from Johnstown Cambria County Airport ( JST ) to the official crash site , you find it to be 18.66 miles = 16.21 Nautical miles .
The distance however from JST to that position given by the ATC'er for the moment he lost contact with the transponder for the last time , is far more , 39°51'0.00 N 78°46'0.00 W , and that 's 32.36 miles = 28.12 Nautical miles ( further southeast ) from the crash site .
Nearly two times further away in nautical miles .
In a very desolated spot , see for yourself in Google Earth .
Just fill in the above coordinates in Search .
Thus , the questions which arise now , are :1 .
How can an experienced ATC 'er give two data which exclude each other COMPLETELY , namely a rather precise last known geographical position in degrees , compared to a distance from JST in nautical miles ?
Which do not fit each other by any means !
2 . Could UAL93 dive from 8,200 feet at a 40° angle to the ground within 60 seconds , without breaking apart in mid air ?
I think it could , but I did not look into the mechanical aspects of its resulting speed over that 40° trajectory related to its airframe endurance , yet .3 .
They lost contact again at 10:06 EST , and talk on a bit about the heading at 10:07 EST , and the point where it then will come down , just west of Dulles Airport .
They would not do that when the height reading and rate of descent at the last transponder loss time was n't about the same as before .
Woody , and Rob and others , In this thread there are n't any remarks about the ATC 'er giving the distance from Johnstown Airport to the point where , at 10:06 AM EST , the ATC 'er lost the transponder signal again .
He gave at 10:10 AM the geographical coordinates for that signal loss spot , but at 10:07 already , also the distance in miles : Later , about 10:10 AM he gave the geographical coordinates for the point where they lost contact via the transponder signals on their screens .
However , that 's nearly 2 times further than the distance he gave a few minutes earlier for the same spot .
See for more details this thread - post of mine at ATS , which thread I seemed to have hijacked , as usual when I get hooked to a subject : It 's not really lost time to read the whole thread for those who believe that something stinks in the official UAL93 story .
Thanks to lower fuel costs and a proliferation of travel bargains , Americans are expected to hit the roads this Memorial Day weekend in bigger numbers than last year .
Last summer ’s energy shock drove gasoline prices well above $ 4 a gallon and forced people to cut back on driving .
Then oil prices plunged , and the stratospheric cost of a gallon of gas became a dim memory .
But gasoline has been rising rapidly in recent weeks .
Gasoline is selling for an average of $ 2.33 a gallon , up from $ 2.06 just last month , according to AAA , the automobile club , and a steep rise from the recent low of $ 1.67 a gallon in December .
A cutback in refining production and the expected rebound in driving this weekend are helping to push up prices at the pump .
Some analysts expect to see gas rise above $ 2.50 a gallon this summer .
The number of people traveling by car this weekend is projected to rise by 2.7 percent compared with 2008 , to 27 million people , according to projections from AAA .
Last year , road travel fell by 9.6 percent when prices surged , according to the automobile group .
While most people focus on Microsoft Office and OpenOffice.org as being each other ’s competitors , there ’s a third player in this market : KOffice .
While KOffice is obviously geared towards use on KDE , it ’s available for Windows , Mac OS X , and GNOME - based distributions as well , making it much more platform - independent than Microsoft ’s Office suite .
Version 2.0.0 was released today , and comes with a whole boatload of improvements .
In what is now KDE tradition , this version 2.0.0 of KOffice is not yet on feature parity with the last release in the 1.x branch , KOffice 1.6 .
Several features that were part of 1.6 are not yet available in KOffice 2.0.0 ; in fact , entire applications that were in 1.6 are not yet here in 2.0.0 .
In the release announcement , the team states that future versions 2.1 and 2.2 will bring feature and application parity to the 2.x series .
They have learned from KDE4 ’s mistake : they state as clearly as humanly possible that KOffice 2.0.0 is not aimed at end users just yet .
It is instead aimed towards early adopters and developers .
Note , by the way , that said release announcement is riddled with spelling errors ( what ’s their beef with the apostrophe ? ) .
I thought that was kind of funny considering its source project .
On to the goodness .
KOffice 2.0 is the first release that takes full advantage of the improvements in Qt4 and KDE4 , a task which took over 3 years to complete .
Two improvements made along the way really stand out to me : a reworked and improved interface , and the concept of Flake Shapes .
Since one of my prime interests has always been UI design and functioning , let ’s focus on the UI changes first .
Instead of just pumping out another Office 2003 UI re-implementation ( like a certain other project insists on doing ) , the KOffice team sat down and designed their interface specifically for widescreen displays .
Instead of using toolbars , they opted for placing tools in a sidebar .
These tools can be torn off and treated as windows , docked on both sides , and so on .
This brings some serious flexibility into the mix .
While Office 2003 also supports dockable toolbars , which can also be placed on the sides , it does n’t look as elegant as what I ’m seeing in KOffice 2.0.0 .
It feels like an afterthought in 2003 .
Flake Shapes are basically clippings of a document which can be re-used in any other document in any other KOffice 2.0.0 application , providing good cross-application integration .
“ With Flake , any KOffice application can handle any shape .
For instance , KWord can embed bitmap graphics , Krita can embed vector graphics and Karbon can embed charts . ”
It also allows future applications to be created more easily .
KOffice 2.0.0 packages are already available for Gentoo , Ubuntu , and OpenSUSE .
The Windows and Mac OS X releases are not yet available .
Welcome to GamesRebel.com .
This online playable we games portal is your gateway for casino games .
We bring to you hundreds and hundreds of flash games arranged into various categories .
Play the game of your choice instantly .
We feature the latest and the top notch action games , adventure games , arcade games , board games , dress up games , driving and racing games , fighting games , puzzle games , shooting games , sports games , strategy games and tower defense games .
As you already know that we have different flash games arranged into various categories .
Not only that we add new games to each and every categories on a regular basis and due to this our players can play new online games every time .
We also allow users to register so that they can login to the site and track their number of game plays and can see how many they and others have played in the website .
You can also check out some of our online casino reviews , we suggest playing for free before using your own real cash .
There casinos like Captain Cooks Casino or even Casumo who offer some really great bonuses .
Check em out or top ten games !
Thunderstruck 2 . Thunderstruck 2 is a great action slot game .
Check out our free demo .
SpongeBob .
A popular character nowadays amongst everyone .
Come and enjoy the best of it .
Spider Man .
Try out all the different games for this all - time favourite of ours , Spider Man. Power Rangers .
Coming from the 90s , the Power Rangers are here to stay .
Relish them with our free demos .
Ben 10 .
Find out the best Ben 10 games and which are your favourites !
Scooby Doo .
It will never get old .
The good Scooby Doo will make you feel like you are 10 again !
Imperial Opera .
This Asian themed video slot will make you win loads of money !
Batman .
Check out all the action that Batman games bring to the table !
Sports Games .
Thank to all the variety of sports out there , you will never get bored with these sports games Food Games .
Who does n’t enjoy food ?
Play some free demos here !
Our games are for everyone .
All ages can play our games online and we try to keep the games family friendly as much as possible .
People of each and every age group can play our free games as everyone loves games .
So whether you are at work or at school or just at home and you have some spare time then visit us and play our variety of games ranging from action games to towerdefence games and remember our games are suitable for all age groups and for all places .
So join the fun and start playing games on gamesrebel .
Google is looking to change the way we use the Internet to communicate with a new service that it calls Google Wave .
Wave was previewed Thursday during the Google I/ O conference as a way to combine e-mail , chat , photos , feeds from around the Web , and more in a collaborative environment .
The project is not only cool - sounding , it 's also quite ambitious , and Google hopes it will eventually replace some of our uses for e-mail .
In a post to the Official Google Blog , Google Software Engineering Manager Lars Rasmussen discussed the evolution of Wave after he and his brother Jens joined Google .
According to Rasmussen , too much of our Internet communication was created out of imitation of a real - life form ( e- mail , live chat , document sharing ) , and as a result , it had become too segmented when it did n't have to be .
" What if we tried designing a communications system that took advantage of computers ' current abilities , rather than imitating non-electronic forms ? "
Cue Google Wave , which is " equal parts conversation and document . "
Invited parties can insert elements ( photos , rich text , feeds , anything ) or talk about different parts .
Because it allows both collaboration and communication , Wave can be used for both quick messages or content that will be used over time .
And , if you miss part of what happened with other collaborators on a wave , there 's a playback feature so that you can see how something evolved .
Wave is not yet available to the public , though a set of APIs is available to developers — and developers seem to be pretty excited about them .
On the newly created Google Wave Developer Blog , Google discusses how the APIs can be used to embed waves into your own site or write your own robots / gadgets that will work within a wave .
Wave also makes use of the Google Wave Federation Protocol , allowing developers to create self - hosted instances of Wave that can communicate with each other over an open protocol without depending on Google 's servers .
Some believe that Google 's openness with its protocols and licensing indicate that the company has major ambitions for Wave to possibly replace e-mail and other traditional communications .
Of course , that would depend on Wave gaining sufficient traction upon launch , and not everyone is sure that Google can pull it off on the level the company seems to think it can .
For now , however , interested developers can request access to a Wave Sandbox so they can work on projects during the preview phase , and the rest of us can just sit and wait to hear more details when they become available .
Studying the origin of life is a real challenge .
Any actual evidence of the specific chemicals involved has long since been destroyed , leaving researchers with a big gap to bridge between the chemistry of the early earth and the molecules that appear to be fundamental to life itself .
Recent years have seen a number of discoveries about DNA 's close chemical relative , RNA , that suggest it played a key role in early protolife , leading to a proposal that life started out in an RNA world .
One of the problems with this concept , however , was the fact that chemists had n't come up with a way to synthesize the basic building blocks of RNA using the chemicals that were likely to be present in the early earth .
Now , by taking a systems chemistry approach , a team of researchers at the University of Manchester have neatly cleared that hurdle .
On the biology side of things , support for an RNA world has built steadily in the last couple of decades , as discoveries have shown that RNA , in addition to carrying genetic information , can catalyze a variety of chemical reactions and undergo a form of chemical evolution when placed under a selective pressure .
Remnants of the RNA world also appear to be central to modern life .
Key molecules such as ATP and NADH are derivatives of RNA components , and RNA appears to catalyze a key step in the production of proteins .
But , so far , chemistry had come up a bit short .
An RNA molecule is basically a polymer of individual units comprised of a ring - shaped base molecule , a sugar , and a phosphate .
Chemists had figured out different ways that simple organic chemicals that were likely to be present in the early earth could form the base and sugar ( phosphates are abundant ) .
But , so far , they 'd failed to chemically link them together in a functional unit .
The new research , published in Nature , suggests the problem may have been the reductionist approach itself .
In short , scientists had been taking a bit of a " we 'll deal with that later " approach to the problem , synthesizing the individual components separately before trying to figure out how they could link up .
Instead , the researchers found that , by having the phosphate present in the reactions from the start , they could build up a three - ringed structure that would then react with the phosphate .
That reaction would split open one of the rings , with the remaining two linked rings forming the cytosine base and sugar , all hooked up to a reactive phosphate that could undergo polymerization into RNA .
To get there , the researchers took the simple organic chemicals that had been used to make a sugar and base in separate reactions : cyanamide , cyanoacetylene , glycolaldehyde , and glyceraldehyde .
They then used a systems chemistry approach , exploring all the reactions that the chemicals could undergo .
They came up with a simple , four - step synthesis that went through the three - ringed intermediate molecule .
The key question was whether any of the reactions would actually take place under realistic conditions .
Building up a two - ringed intermediate had already been described in the literature , but the reaction only ran under very basic conditions , which would have destroyed one of the other reaction compounds .
It turned out that adding phosphate at this step allowed it to catalyze the reaction at neutral pH , providing an 80 percent yield of a two - ringed chemical .
The next step , a reaction with cyanoacetylene to form the final intermediate , would typically turn the reaction solution acidic , altering the products .
Instead , the phosphate buffered the solution , keeping it near a neutral pH and fostering the production of the three - ringed compound .
The phosphate also reacted with a reaction byproduct , ensuring that a reverse - reaction could n't take place .
Finally , with a little bit of heat , the phosphate would react with the three ringed structure , forming a mature RNA base , and linking the phosphate in a reactive state that 's suitable for polymerization into an RNA molecule .
Although this is specific for the cytosine base , exposing it to UV converted some of it to uridine , the other base of this sort .
All in all , most of these reactions seem pretty reasonable .
They do require some different temperatures , but temperature gradients are n't uncommon in nature .
The big stumbling block seems to be the fact that the authors kept one of the chemicals out of the reaction mix until the third step of the synthesis .
I 'm curious to see what kind of yields they might get if they put all the reactants together at once .
There are also two other nucleotides that need to be synthesized , so the chemists ' job is n't done yet .
Still , it 's difficult not to be extremely impressed by the work .
Not only have the authors managed to devise a very straightforward synthesis process , but they 've vastly simplified the conditions necessary for getting the reactions to take place .
And it 's not just me who 's impressed ; Jack Szostak , who conducts origin of life research , wrote that the work " will stand for years as one of the great advances in prebiotic chemistry , " in an accompanying perspective .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08013
The Government Accountability Office , a Federal watchdog agency , reported on May 7th that the Global Positioning System of satellites used for navigation and many other business and scientific purposes as well as for proving that your teenage son was actually driving down the Interstate at 100 miles - per - hour last Thursday night when he claimed to be bowling , well that satellite system is in danger of becoming unusable because satellites are not being replaced quickly enough by the U.S. Air Force .
Only it is n’t true .
Right now on Google News you can find more than 400 stories all saying the same thing with varying degrees of alarm .
The Air Force is three years late in launching a new generation of GPS satellites .
The replacement program is over - budget by more than $ 700 million .
The whole mess has been incompetently run and ought to be fixed .
All this is true .
What is n’t true is that it matters very much to the real world operation of the GPS system or its users .
The GPS system has 31 satellites in orbit right now , the oldest of which has been operating since 1990 .
For the system to work perfectly it must have 24 or more satellites functioning .
The GAO says it is only 80 percent certain that the Air Force can maintain full coverage before replacement satellites can be launched .
This lack of confidence is not based strictly on the idea that eight or more satellites will go dark over the next couple years , but that some undetermined number of satellites will go dark , the Air Force will make no progress in replacing them , and that the remaining satellites will be unable , for some reason , to be moved into new positions , filling gaps in coverage .
That ’s quite a combination of improbable events and makes me very suspicious of the 80 percent number .
For the GPS system to work requires that the receiver in your car , airplane or iPhone be able to simultaneously track at least three satellites ( four if you require altitude information ) .
If your receiver can show the satellites it is tracking ( many can ) you ’ll see the number in sight is usually five to seven satellites with the rest being over the horizon and out of view .
If your GPS equipment was purchased in the last couple years it probably makes use of the Wide Area Augmentation System ( WAAS ) , which is a system of ground stations and two geosynchronous satellites that help your receiver correct for ionospheric variations that can slightly degrade GPS performance .
Without WAAS your GPS is only accurate to 7.6 meters .
With WAAS accuracy is about one meter .
The reason we care about this is because GPS is used now to land airplanes and the difference between 3.8 meters above the runway and 3.8 meters below the runway could ruin your whole day .
In addition to improving GPS accuracy over North America ( and just North America — there are different systems for Europe and Japan ) , WAAS also effectively adds two virtual satellites to the GPS constellation .
These are the two geosynchronous reporting satellites , which for ease of use in the system are treated by receivers like regular GPS satellites except they for some reason do n’t seem to move in the sky .
For WAAS - enabled GPS receivers , then , it is possible to maintain acceptable accuracy with only ONE ( not three ) of the regular GPS satellites in view .
The chances of the GPS system going down are very remote — FAR lower than the 20 percent suggested by the GAO .
That ’s because the GAO ignored completely in its analysis the implications of WAAS .
So what ’s going on here ?
Why is this even a story ?
The Air Force is late and over budget and the GAO wants to make a point of that .
The best way to make that point is by putting the technical story in the worst possible light , which the GAO has done to an extreme that I think is excessive .
This is just political infighting .
What ’s worse , though , are those 400 + news stories that miss the point entirely .
Where is a professional and questioning press ?
It looks to me like 400 + media outlets rewrote the GAO press release and left it at that , giving - in to the fear - mongering that has become the way government policy is promoted these days .
Some stories quoted experts saying a failure is n’t likely .
Some stories said the GAO likely has a non-technical agenda .
But I could n’t find any stories that put the whole thing together and questioned whether there was any news value at all .
We need smarter , better - informed , and less gullible reporters .
THAT ’s the story .
Additional example
Original Editable version 3 of 3
Recently Zed called out Python on some of its warts .
His arguments are sound , but the ensuing reddit thread has a few rather confused attempts where folk gripe about non-issues .
This is specifically about the claim that Python 's 1000 deep recursion limit makes it impossible to walk unbalanced trees .
There are simple and pythonic ways to iterate over trees , and I will illustrate one .
I greatly prefer this to the typical tree recursion process .
It is actually similar to BFS in Lisp .
With one slight modification you can process a tree either breadth - first or depth - first , switching dynamically between the two at run time based on the contents of a node .
It can also be adapted to walk cyclic graphs .
Typically child links are treated as points where the code should recurse , and this recursion should happen in the language 's stack .
An alternative is to build your own stack and iterate over that .
Each node contains references to child objects that need to be examined .
Think of it as a " todo list " of nodes to look at next .
Instead of recursing through the nodes , add the nodes you want to look at next ( i.e. , the child links ) onto a " master todo list " .
Then iterate over the list .
Which is a better data structure for the master list , a stack or a FIFO ?
A stack would let you walk the tree depth first .
Each child is pushed onto the stack .
The top child is popped off , and its children are pushed on .
A FIFO performs a breadth first search , as children are pushed to the start of the FIFO and older / higher nodes are popped from the end .
A deque provides the best of both .
It is a nifty structure ( based on a double linked list ) that is both stack and FIFO .
For each node of the tree , add the children to either the front ( FIFO like ) or the back ( stack like ) of the deque .
Meanwhile iterate over the deque by popping off the back .
Let 's have some code .
This is lifted more or less directly from pacgraph .
The map is stored as a dictionary of string tokens , instead of a tree of references .
The technique works the same for both .
The ' master todo deque` is called to_crawl .
This function starts at a specified node and returns all of it 's children .
It operates depth first .
from collections import deque tree = {'a ' : [ ' b ' , 'c ' ] , ' b ' : [ ' d ' , 'e ' ] , ' c ' : [ ] , 'd ' : [ 'f ' ] , 'e ' : [ ] , 'f ' : [ ]} def children ( token , tree ) : " returns a list of every child " child_list = [ ] to_crawl = deque ( [ token ] ) while to_crawl : current = to_crawl.popleft( ) child_list.append( current ) node_children = tree[ current ] to_crawl.extend(node_children ) return child_list > children ( 'b ' , tree ) ... [ ' d ' , 'e ' , 'f ' ]
By keeping track of visited nodes in a set it becomes a blazing fast cyclical graph walker :
def children ( token , tree ) : " returns a list of every child " visited = set ( ) to_crawl = deque ( [ token ] ) while to_crawl : current = to_crawl.popleft( ) if current in visited : continue visited.add ( current ) node_children = set ( tree[ current ] ) to_crawl.extend(node_children - visited ) return list ( visited )
In Hollywood , originality has become a bit like LSD : fondly reminisced about by old - timers ( at least , the ones that survived ) , forgotten – and perhaps a ­little feared – by the new generation .
This has naturally resulted in suffocating film - release schedules with franchises , but there 's more cause for concern when this lack of intrepid spirit strikes at the very heart , and stains the tone and fabric of everything film - makers touch .
I 've had a new feeling in the last few years , when I sit down in front of a certain breed of film .
I call it karaoke cinema .
It 's a sense that what I 'm watching has no independent reality of its own .
The director is simply mimicking and mugging the style of another director , genre , or cultural touchstone , designated such a high - preservation priority that to introduce any trace of outside personality would be like putting a basketball hoop on a Chinese pagoda .
It 's not a case of whether it's an adaptation or remake per se ; it 's the absence of any intuitive manoeuvres that gives the game away .
Without the other hallowed artefact , the karaoke film simply could n't exist .
Watchmen had this effect on me .
In following Alan Moore 's panels with such glassy - eyed fervour , it did n't notice that staccato comic - book dialogue , seven times out of 10 , can't work in a naturalistic medium .
It was like an audio - book reading of the original , with a few million dollars ' worth of special effects on top ; a plane - crash safety video when I wanted the full plane crash .
Admittedly , some people do karaoke with more flair than others .
But the bigger the performance , the more there is scope for embarrassment .
The incorrigible ham in the house ( and you have to weep when you think he was once Hollywood 's bright hope ) is Quentin Tarantino .
He has always insisted on sidling into the frame to varying degrees of cringe , joining in the fun on his own and other people 's projects , but the karaoke ethic has overtaken his writing , and directing , too , in the six - year lay - off between Jackie Brown and Kill Bill .
I found his two - part kung fu epic depressingly intent on strutting its stylistic stuff – mostly Shaw brothers chop-socky and spaghetti westerns – in a way which often made little sense and drained the farrago of all spontaneity .
Fun to be doing at the time , like most tequila - soused stints down at Lucky Voice , but not something that necessarily deserves eternal playback on DVD .
Sure , Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction fed off past cinema , but they chopped them up , stylised and synthesised them into something vivid and gut - wrenching ; Kill Bill 's distended story suggested that Tarantino badly missed someone up on stage with him , sharing creative duties ; stopping him hogging the mic .
Like his Pulp Fiction co-writer , Roger Avary .
Sharon Waxman 's excellent book Rebels
On the Backlot has a fascinating account of how Tarantino alienated Avary in his bid to live up to the myth of the great auteur , working in splendid isolation .
But the self - regarding " the Nth Film by Quentin Tarantino " tag he insists on hanging on his projects , as if legendary status has always been his , looks like tragic over - sell these days .
Death Proof showed more signs of life – the bar - stool , talky first half was quite brave – but it drove 100 mph up a cul - de-sac .
Somewhere along the line , the weight of expectations – and maybe of pop culture , too – broke Tarantino .
How did it happen that the 90s ' most promising , edgy director came to be cinema 's equivalent of the jukebox musical ?
This might risk a shuriken to the head , but Kill Bill 's cousins are We Will Rock You and Mamma Mia !
– nostalgia - fermentation machines that spew out doses of feelgood entertainment , high in pop-cultural E - numbers .
I do n't think the 29 - year - old iconoclast who directed Reservoir Dogs would ever have wanted that said about him .
Sure , there is a lot about our culture that is backwards - looking , and plenty of lesser directors have done the same thing .
You could even detect a hint of karaoke about Michael Sheen 's on - going project in proxy - performance .
This is n't doubting his quality , just that there 's something safe about asking a very gifted actor to play a known entity again , rather than a blazing fictional cipher to light up our times like a flare from the dark .
Pop culture is such a big part of our lives now – but at least someone like Tarantino used to have the ability to improvise to the inescapable backing track .
And not even just ironically – there was something wistful , say , about Samuel L Jackson 's final volte - face when he spoke of his " cold - blooded shit to say a motherfucker " in Pulp Fiction .
Interestingly , there are signs of new life .
His summer 2009 project , Inglourious Basterds – if the script circulating on the internet is genuine , and it looks it – contains plenty of rambling writing and fawning cine - geek homage .
But for something that 's supposed to be a love letter to bristling , second world war men- on - a- mission capers , it 's weirdly passive – and a terrible star vehicle for Brad Pitt , who hardly sees any action .
It gets caught up in a long plotline involving a film screening , almost as if Tarantino is turning in on his own obsessions .
It feels self - referential , throughout , picking at the performance urge .
There are allusions to French New Wave , and one of the best scenes revolves around role - playing , and that game where you have to guess the name of the famous person stuck on your head .
There 's a lot of final - act death , almost as if the director is clearing the boards .
Near the end , Pitt 's character comments : " I 'm a slave to appearances . "
It 's been a long time since Tarantino has written anything so candid .
My little language Magpie has a feature that may at first seem really limiting : all functions take exactly one argument and return one value , no more , no less .
I ’ll try to explain why I made that choice , and some of the surprising benefits of it .
It feels weird explaining a programming language that literally no one on Earth is using , but my hope is that in the future people will be using Magpie , and this might come in handy .
At the very least , it ’ll help me remember where I ’m at .
First off , a quick primer in Magpie syntax .
Here ’s a function to square a number :
Square ( n Int ->
Int ) n * n
The name comes first , followed by the type signature in parentheses .
To the left of the -> is the argument , to the right is the return type .
The body of the function is the single expression n * n .
Like Ruby and most functional languages , returning is implicit : a function returns the result of evaluating its body .
You can call it like this :
Square 3 // returns 9
Unlike C and other languages , function arguments are n’t put inside parentheses .
So What If I Want to Pass in Multiple Args ?
That ’s easy .
Here ’s a function to multiply three numbers :
Mult ( a Int , b Int , c Int ->
Int ) a * b * c
You can call it like :
Mult ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) // returns 24
Hey !
I Thought You Said Functions Always Take One Argument !
They do , they do .
However , Magpie also supports tuples .
A tuple lets you make a single value by combining others together .
In Magpie , tuples are created using the comma operator :
( 1 , 2 ) // a tuple of two Int fields ( 2 , true , " three " ) // a tuple of three fields of different type
( They are also placed inside parentheses , but you can more or less ignore that .
It ’s more for precedence reasons than anything else .
The comma is where the magic is . )
So , when you see a call like Mult ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) what you ’re really seeing is calling Mult with a single argument , the tuple ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) .
Are You Just Playing Semantics ?
No , this is n’t just a semantic trick .
Mult really does take a single value .
I ’ll prove it :
// create a local variable and assign a tuple to it def arg <- ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) // pass the single argument to the function Mult arg
This is perfectly legit in Magpie and does n’t require function overloading or anything .
In fact , this is kind of useful .
When you start playing with function references ( i.e. callbacks ) , it ’s really convenient to be able to pass around arguments to functions without needing to distinguish between how many arguments it takes : it always takes one .
Neat Trick .
What About Functions With No Arguments ?
That actually uses tuples too , sort of .
You can make a tuple out of any number of values , including one and zero .
A single value is a one - value tuple ( a monuple ? ) .
But you can also have a tuple with no values , strange as that sounds .
There ’s exactly one of them ( how could there be different ones ? )
It ’s called “ Unit ” , and looks like ( ) .
So if you had a function like this :
SayHi ( -> )
Print " hi ! "
You could call it like this :
SayHi ( ) // prints " hi "
That ’s a bit tedious , though , so in most cases you can omit the ( ) and Magpie will infer it :
SayHi // prints " hi "
What About Returns ?
I Do n’t See Print Returning Anything .
Sure , it is .
Just like Unit can be omitted as an argument , it ’s also omitted as a return .
Print returns ( ) every time it ’s called .
Since a function returns the result of evaluating its body , that means SayHi also returns ( ) .
What ’s The Point ?
What that gives us is the ability to make everything in Magpie an expression : since you can return Unit like a value , Magpie does n’t need to make a distinction between expressions ( which return things ) and statements ( which do n’t ) .
This means that things like flow control can be regular expressions in Magpie .
For example :
Square ( if 1 < 2 then 3 else 4 )
This calls the Square function and passes in 3 .
We can do this because if / then / else is a regular expression and can be used anywhere .
So having “ nothing ” be a returnable value lets us make the language a lot more flexible .
You Still Forgot One Case …
And , of course , this also means you can return multiple values , just like you can in Python or Lua :
Swap ( a Int , b Int -> ( Int , Int ) ) ( b , a ) Swap ( 1 , 2 ) // returns ( 2 , 1 )
So , in the end , it is n’t much of a limitation at all .
Here we have it in broad daylight : the New York Times ' cowardice in the face of its own government .
In an obit today , the editors manage to use the word " torture " .
It 's in an obit .
The obit runs :
Col. Harold E. Fischer Jr. , an American fighter pilot who was routinely tortured in a Chinese prison during and after the Korean War , becoming along with three other American airmen held at the same prison a symbol and victim of cold war tension , died in Las Vegas on April 30 .
He was 83 and lived in Las Vegas .
The cause was complications of back surgery , his son Kurt said .
From April 1953 through May 1955 , Colonel Fischer then an Air Force captain was held at a prison outside Mukden , Manchuria .
For most of that time , he was kept in a dark , damp cell with no bed and no opening except a slot in the door through which a bowl of food could be pushed .
Much of the time he was handcuffed .
Hour after hour , a high - frequency whistle pierced the air .
After a short mock trial in Beijing on May 24 , 1955 , Captain Fischer and the other pilots Lt. Col. Edwin L. Heller , First Lt. Lyle W. Cameron and First Lt. Roland W. Parks were found guilty of violating Chinese territory by flying across the border while on missions over North Korea .
Under duress , Captain Fischer had falsely confessed to participating in germ warfare .
You will notice how the NYT defines torture when it comes to foreign governments - isolation , sensory deprivation , sleep deprivation .
Much milder than anything the US did to one of its own citizens , Jose Padilla .
But the parallel is almost perfect : these are , after all , the exact Chinese Communist techniques that were reverse engineered from the SERE program .
So you have a perfect demonstration of the NYT 's double - standard .
If Chinese do it to Americans , it 's torture ; if Americans do it to an American , it 's " harsh interrogation . "
Does Jill Abramson really expect us to take this lying down ?
You will also notice the quality of the intelligence procured through methods milder than the Bush administration's :
“ He wanted me to admit that I had been ordered to cross the Manchurian border , ” Captain Fischer told Life magazine .
“ I was grilled day and night , over and over , week in and week out , and in the end , to get Chong and his gang off my back , I confessed to both charges .
The charges , of course , were ridiculous .
I never participated in germ warfare and neither did anyone else .
I was never ordered to cross the Yalu .
We had strict Air Force orders not to cross the border . ”
“ I will regret what I did in that cell the rest of my life , ” the captain continued .
“ But let me say this : it was not really me not Harold E. Fischer Jr. who signed that paper .
It was a mentality reduced to putty . ”
Dick Cheney believes that a " mentality reduced to putty " is the best source of reliable intelligence ; that methods designed to give you false confessions should be the basis for national security assessments .
" I saw this in the Mar / Apr 2009 issue of IT Expert magazine , " notes Mike Edwards , " I wonder if Google is going for the ' artsy ' look or the 'oh crap , we forgot to export fonts as curves when we sent in the artwork ' thing . "
" When Kaspersky Internet Security told me to renew my license for another year , I didn´t hesitate , " Grégory Catellani writes .
" After entering my License information on their official website , I was offered a very special price for renewal . "
" I guess this is what I get for buying a discount calendar , " Anne R wrote , " not only is it missing days at the beginning and end of the month , but days repeat within the month ! "
" I 'm not sure if I 'll be able to finish typing my message in only X minutes , Y seconds , " wrote Serena F .
" I got this sticker at my last oil change , " wrote Alexander .
" Is it telling me I should change my oil in the future ( 2070 ) or the past ( 1970 ) ? "
video after the break !
As we prepare for HTC 's official launch event today , we 're starting to see some details appear on HTC 's own website of the much rumored Hero .
Through some URL trickery , we 've managed to unearth several details that confirm the previous rumors .
Hero includes the new HTC Sense widget - based interface that puts at - a - glance info right up front on the home screen where it belongs .
A new Scenes profile feature lets you transform your phones focus from business to weekend mode .
Viewing your contacts shows the usual data in addition to the interactions you 've had through social networking status updates and photos from the likes of Facebook , Flickr , YouTube , and Twitter .
A dedicated search button searches the phone as well as services like Twitter .
In fact , like Palm's Pre , the HTC Hero seems ready to fully integrate your local data with all your subscribed social media sites .
The biggest deal here , however , might just be that HTC is touting this as the first Android device toInside you 'll find Qualcomm 's MSM7200A proc running Android at 528MHz , 512MB/288MB ROM / RAM , 3.2 - inch TFT - LCD with 320 x 480 pixel rez , 900/2100MHz HSPA and Quad - band GSM , trackball , GPS , 802.11b/g WiFi , 3.5 mm audio jack , G - sensor , compass , and 5 megapixel auto - focus cam with microSD expansion .
It 's all there baby .
The White version of the device has an industry - first Teflon coating ( right , just like your pans ) to keep things clean and grime free .
Multi -touch and anti-fingerprint coating too .
Hero arrives in Europe in July with T - Mobile and Orange , Asia later in the summer , and North America even later in 2009 .
Stay tuned for a full hands - on , but for now , enjoy the press shots in the gallery below and the new Read - Adobe demos Flash on the Hero Read - Hero hands - on and impressions Read - Product page Read - Official PR
If you are looking for a new case or to make modifications to an existing case , this is the place to get help .
We 've also got you covered on all of your power supply needs .
So , a couple days have come and gone and we 're without any real evidence that the Conficker worm was a legitimate threat .
Was it all just a bunch of hooey ?
Maybe , but if there 's one thing we should take away from the debacle , it's that the problem is n't yet solved , even if there was no disaster .
Most security experts were just happy to breathe a sigh of relief when April 1st came and went without planes falling out of the sky .
" I 'm not sure what to think , " remarked BT chief security officer Bruce Schneier .
" In a sense , the whole Conficker thing just puts a name on a general problem . " ( Source : cnet.com )
Eye of The Storm
The big problem is that Conficker is still unresolved .
The nasty , if quiet worm made its way through a Windows hole Microsoft tried to patch last year , and has also been able to spread through storage devices and poorly encrypted networks .
Although there were no reports that Conficker did any real damage on April 1st , the worm is still out there , looming and waiting .
( Source : pcworld.com )
CNET.com even speculates that the threat may be worse now .
For one , systems with Conficker infections can still spread the worm through peer - to - peer ( P2P ) technology , even as registrars block access to command - and - control servers and domains .
" It 's not like it 's gone , " said IOActive 's director of penetration testing Dan Kaminsky .
" We 're looking at a massive , amorphous network with a command and control that we do n't have the means to block anymore .
Things got worse on April 1 for the remaining infected nodes . "
Mainstream Media Creates Most Dangerous Situation
Of course , the real disaster on April 1st was in the media .
Sensationalist reports made it sound like this could be a disaster of epic proportions , sending people scrambling to anti-virus software homepages desperately seeking updated protection .
Yahoo headlines even suggested that Conficker and April 1st could make for an online " Pearl Harbour , " shamelessly stirring up worries .
And so , now that the date has passed without any visible sign of sinister activity , most people remain angry with the media and with anti-virus software companies , who they believe like to create such sensations .
In essence , the boy cried wolf once , and the second time it 's unlikely anyone will be listening .
Conficker 's not gone , and those media outlets that suggested this thing could spark panic and disaster may have created the most dangerous situation of all .
After Lexi leaves home to visit Central LA , there 's a terrorist attack involving chemical bombs .
After the attack , her musician husband , Brad , fails to find her and reluctantly seals himself inside his house .
He will have to deal with this decision in the days to come .
Written by James Donnelly
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Recently , the book " Real - Time Cameras : A Guide for Game Designers and Developers " was published by Morgan Kaufmann .
The book covers the topic of real - time cameras in games , from both a cinematographic perspective and a technical perspective .
The completion of this book was a labor of love for a group of friends of a talented game developer , Mark Haigh - Hutchinson .
With the permission of the publisher and the good folks at Gamasutra.com , I want to share with you the background of this book .
A portion of one of the chapters will be posted to Gamasutra soon .
From the Foreword ( abridged ) , by Paul Tozour
When Mark Haigh - Hutchinson mentioned to me in late 2006 that he was starting to write a book on real - time game camera systems , I was thrilled .
As the creator of the camera systems in all of the games in the Metroid Prime trilogy and a longtime industry veteran who played a major role in the development of many of the industry ’s most beloved classics , I knew that Mark was uniquely qualified to write such a book .
Videogames have long had problems with camera systems .
A surprising number of games have delivered high quality graphics and game play and yet fallen victim to inadequate camera control systems .
Any number of game reviews bemoan cameras that stutter , lag , shake the player ’s viewport violently , pass through walls , or point in the wrong direction .
I knew that if anyone could show us the way toward fixing all of these problems , it was Mark " H - H . "
His dedication to the task , his relentless perfectionism , and his boundless energy affected everything he touched .
I enthusiastically urged him to write the book .
Mark began working on the manuscript shortly after our conversation .
Like all of our fellow employees at Retro Studios , Mark and I were very busy finishing Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption , a flagship title for the Nintendo Wii gaming console .
Mark often stayed late and worked weekends , only to spend several hours later that evening and several more in the morning working tirelessly to finish the book .
He often sent me chapters for review as he finished them , and I was astonished by his continuous progress .
No one could have foreseen what would happen next .
As the game drew nearer to completion , Mark mentioned health problems , which were diagnosed as inflammation of the digestive tract .
Only days after Retro Studios shipped Metroid Prime 3 in August 2007 , Mark ’s diagnosis was changed to pancreatic cancer and he was admitted to the hospital immediately .
Devastated , we found ourselves at his funeral in late January .
Mark is survived by his loving wife of 14 years , Melanie , and two adoring daughters , Emma and Rachel .
Although Mark ’s book was not yet completed , those who knew him knew how important it was , both to Mark and to the industry , and could not let it disappear .
In the summer and fall of 2008 , a number of Mark ’s friends and colleagues came together in loving memory of this extraordinary individual to complete this essential book .
The following individuals contributed to the completion of Real - Time Cameras :
Ryan Cornelius , Software Engineer
Mark DeLoura , Videogame Technology Consultant
Jim Gage , Senior Software Engineer
Jack Mathews , Technical Director
Steve McCrea , Senior Engineer
Akintunde Omitowoju , Software Engineer
Eric Rehmeyer , Software Engineer
Marco Thrush , CTO
Paul Tozour , Independent Consultant
We offer this completed book in sincere gratitude for having had the opportunity to live and work alongside the inestimable Mark H-H .
UPDATE : Bulldog with cancer takes turn for worse , euthanized days after saving owner from house fire
Editor 's note :
The original story spelled the dog owner 's name incorrectly , as Seymour .
It has been corrected in this version to Seymore .
GRAND RAPIDS — Scott Seymore 's decision not to euthanize his cancer - filled dog loomed large Saturday when the 9 - year - old American bulldog awakened him to escape his burning house .
" Brittney might whine a little when she has to go out , but she never , ever barks when I 'm sleeping , " said Seymore , 39 , who has had the dog since she was 6 weeks old .
" She was demanding that I get up .
" And it saved my life . "
Seymore said he was sound asleep about 5:45 a.m. in his rented home at 727 Seventh St. NW when Brittney roused him by barking insistently at his bedside .
Temptation on a Saturday morning may have been to muffle the sound by pulling a pillow over his head , but Seymore has been doing anything he can to savor his last few weeks with Brittney .
He had a grave decision to make on May 7 , when an ultrasound revealed five clusters of tumors in the dog 's tummy .
Seymore ruled out the veterinarian 's offer of chemotherapy , believing it would be too hard on the normally energetic Brittney .
Also , the veterinarian had said the dog might not survive the surgery to remove the tumors .
Instead of having Brittney put down then , Seymore eagerly accepted the offer of giving his companion steroids to blunt the pain until death comes naturally , probably within a few weeks .
" She 's been eating really good these days , " Seymore said , noting there 's no harm in spoiling a dying dog .
Final days
Brittney tires quickly — she spent much of Saturday after the house fire sleeping and Seymore 's parents ' home in Zeeland .
Still , Seymore credits the medication for helping the dog feel comfortable enough to enjoy spending time together .
The fire is believed to have originated in faulty electrical wiring .
Smoke detectors in the home did not sound , although flames already were consuming the roof of the home .
Firefighters said the home may be a total loss .
Seymore said he does n't have renter 's insurance , but he was able to remove some of his furnishings .
Seymore said he and Brittney will stay with his parents until he can find a new place .
E-mail Kym Reinstadler : kreinstadler@grpress.com
Just Print
Me offers simple , one - page documents that are available for download .
We ask that you print what appeals to you , and that you post what you print wherever you see fit .
In the case that we use an odd font , we ’ll link to a downloadable version .
We welcome photos ...
Continue reading →
About This Game
Double agent gameplay and branching storyline - Play both sides and decide between opposing NSA and terrorists objectives .
You choose who 's priorities to support , and who 's to undermine .
Your actions affect the story and gameplay , leading to shockingly different endings .
- Play both sides and decide between opposing NSA and terrorists objectives .
You choose who 's priorities to support , and who 's to undermine .
Your actions affect the story and gameplay , leading to shockingly different endings .
Upgradeable weapons and gadgets -
As you progress get access to upgraded prototype gadgets and weapons , like improved night vision , based on your choices and covert skills .
- As you progress get access to upgraded prototype gadgets and weapons , like improved night vision , based on your choices and covert skills .
Authentic double agent tactics - Use realistic tactics , based on testimonies of actual undercover agents , to sabotage the enemies ' plans .
- Use realistic tactics , based on testimonies of actual undercover agents , to sabotage the enemies ' plans .
Do n't blow your cover - Steal , destroy , kill , and evade the authorities .
Do whatever it takes to make your mark and gain the terrorists ' trust .
- Steal , destroy , kill , and evade the authorities .
Do whatever it takes to make your mark and gain the terrorists ' trust .
A world of International espionage - Go from Shanghai and Cozumel to America itself , where New York City and Los Angeles are threatened by the terrorists ' agenda of destruction .
- Go from Shanghai and Cozumel to America itself , where New York City and Los Angeles are threatened by the terrorists ' agenda of destruction .
All - new extreme gameplay situations - Conduct your missions underwater amidst churning ice floes , in a blinding sandstorm , or even sheathed in dust and smoke .
In the highly anticipated sequel to the 2005 game of the year , Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell Double Agent™ , play as a double agent spy for the first time ever .
Take on dual roles of covert operative and ruthless terrorist , where your choices of whom to betray and whom to protect actually affect the outcome of your game .
Experience the relentless tension and gut - wrenching dilemmas of life as a double agent .
Lie. Kill .
Sabotage .
Betray .
All to protect the innocent .
How far will you go to gain the enemy 's trust ?
As covert operative Sam Fisher , you must infiltrate a vicious terrorist group and destroy it from within .
You 'll need to carefully weigh the consequences of your actions .
Kill too many terrorists and you 'll blow your cover .
Hesitate and millions will die .
Do whatever it takes to complete your mission , but get out alive .
Please note that as of November 19th , 2018 , the online features for this game are no longer supported .
The Multiplayer mode / Co-op mode will no longer be accessible .
Is Florida Gov. Charlie Crist Gay ?
Even After Straight Wedding ?
When I first heard that Florida Governor Charlie Crist was going to marry a woman I actually laughed out loud .
Who is he kidding ?
When Crist stepped onto the national stage while running for governor a couple years ago I think most ‘ gaydars ’ around the nation went BING .
So all I could think about when hearing of his wedding plans was the extent that some will go to gain power .
Even to the point of denying who they truly are as a person .
That type of personality is not what we need in the White House , or anywhere near it .
Most in Wisconsin who were tuned in years ago will recall the Madison gay pol who thought Congress was within grasp if he could just marry a woman .
That stuff never works .
And should n’t .
It was for his act of deception , and this form of self - loathing , that I cast my primary vote for his opponent .
So why would Crist think that his chances among the GOP to be John McCain ’s VP would be enhanced if he married a woman ?
If Crist is gay that is fine .
What is not fine is that those who do not live authentically do stupid things as a cover , such as work to ban gay marriage , and give support to conservative judges who work against gay civil rights .
Andrew Sullivan on Atlantic.com writes the following .
And the Broward - Palm Beach Times adds more .
Segments from each source below .
It ’s funny to watch the partisan right out - do each other to declare Obama a cynic while Charlie Crist gets engaged to a woman at the height of McCain ’s veep search .
For the record , from the Broward - Palm Beach New Times :
The rumors about Florida Gov. Charlie Crist and the Green Iguana just would n’t go away .
The story goes that the Florida governor frequented the Green Iguana , a bar in Tampa , back in the early 1990s when he was just starting his political career .
He was less careful back then , people say , and during his partying at the Green Iguana , he was openly gay .
When I got Rick Calderoni , the bar ’s well - known owner , on the phone , I expected him to stonewall me about it .
He did n’t .
Calderoni , who is gay , confirmed that Crist came into his bar quite often and that the two of them became friends .
Getting to the point , I asked him if he knew Crist to be gay .
“ Yes , ” he answered bluntly .
“ I just wish he would come out and admit it .
That would be a great thing if he did . ”
###
The topic may soon , however , get some national play .
After helping to deliver Florida in the GOP primary , Crist is widely believed to be on the short list to become John McCain ’s nominee for vice president .
If he were to be chosen , imagine how interesting this presidential election would be .
Not only would the American people be asked to vote for the first black president or female commander in chief , but , at least in terms of subtext , also the first gay vice president .
Are they ready for it ?
Do they even care ?
Most voters will tell you they do n’t , that they could n’t care less about anyone ’s sexuality .
Of course , they are n’t telling the truth .
Human nature demands that they at least be curious .
But , absent a Jim McGreevy -/ Mark Foley -/ Larry Craig - type scandal , I do n’t think the issue would change an election .
If anything , the buzz would only bring more intrigue to the candidate and possibly add to his support .
Being boring is a lot bigger political sin than having sexual secrets in your closet .
Americans knew full well that Bill Clinton was a poonhound before they elected him , did n’t they ?
Most Floridians had probably at least heard the rumors about Crist before they elected him governor .
During the election , I reported about two male GOP staffers ’ boasts of having had affairs with Crist when he was running for governor in 2006 .
The stories burned across the internet and got a bit of play in the mainstream press .
Crist won in a landslide anyway .
Republicans homophobic ?
Not in Florida .
If McCain chooses Crist , it would be interesting to see how the voracious national press ( as opposed to cautious Florida newspapers ) would handle the issue .
Would the New York Times put a small team of reporters on the story in an effort to dig up the truth ?
Technorati Tags : CharlieCrist , Flordia , Republicans , GayRights , GayMarriage , Eelction08 , JohnMcCain
And the response from these abstinence - only organizations has ranged from angry to completely unhinged .
The National Abstinence Education Association was the first to weigh in .
From their press release :
Today 's release of the 2010 Budget by the White House disregards the growing body of evidence supporting the effectiveness of abstinence education .
Unfortunately , the president 's budget ignores research that documents a 50 % decrease in sexual onset among teens that are enrolled in abstinence programs .
****
" With seemingly plausible intentions , this budget places rhetoric over reality by ignoring clear and compelling evidence that abstinence education does work " , adds Huber .
I ’m sure you ’re asking yourself , " what evidence " ?
The independent government - funded Mathematic study revealing the failure of abstinence - only programs ?
Rigorous reviews from both Advocates for Youth , and the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , have identified which sex education programs are effective – and not one abstinence - only program made the cut .
So the NAEA has been in panic mode .
Their strategy has been two - fold : ( 1 ) rebrand themselves as something other than abstinence - only ( they ’re now " holistic " and comprehensive ) , and ( 2 ) ignore and dismiss all independent studies showing their failure and pretend that research shows that abstinence - only works .
This is what the NAEA has been selling in a desperate attempt to save their funding , most recently last week on Capitol Hill at a Congressional briefing fittingly titled " Sex , Lies and Abstinence " .
Check out our video of NAEA President Valerie Huber spinning like a top at the briefing :
Fortunately , President Obama did n’t buy the spin .
But this is n’t stopping the NAEA , as they immediately sent out an action alert to contact Congress and force them to sneak funding for abstinence - only programs back into the budget , using the same rhetoric .
They even had the nerve to ask the question :
" Does ideology trump science - based evidence in the president 's request ? "
Pot , meet kettle ....
But the reaction of the Abstinence Clearinghouse was the real fun from yesterday .
And this unhinged response of the Abstinence Clearinghouse is n’t at all surprising , as they usually tend to make the NAEA look calm and rational in comparison .
Here ’s part of their press release :
President Obama released his FY 2010 Proposed Budget today and called for at least $ 164 million in funding for contraceptive - only education .
This includes competitive grants , research , evaluation and authorization for $ 50 million in new mandatory condom grants to states , tribes and territories .
*****
President Obama 's new budget is a Hollywood - failed old approach that only increases teen pregnancy and damages America 's greatest resource , our children .
Leslee Unruh , President and Founder of the Abstinence Clearinghouse , said " I believe there will be a political backlash for those who oppose these life saving abstinence programs .
The enemies of sexual integrity programs will feel the heat from the army of youth who have seen the light through these programs as they approach voting age . "
*****
The Abstinence Clearinghouse agrees with Margaret Thatcher : Defeat ?
We do n't know the meaning of the word .
Oh , Leslee .
We at Advocates for Youth have a special place in our hearts for Mrs. Unruh .
Why ?
Oh , just watch the videos below .
Trust me , she ’s a very special person .
In related news , the Abstinence Clearinghouse is busily promoting their big convention in Puerto Rico next month , where all of the who’s who in the abstinence - only movement will converge and strategize .
But considering the latest news ?
I think they might be better off saving their money ....
Uncle Sam wo n’t be paying them much longer , so they ’ll need it .
But the important point of showing you this reaction by the abstinence - only crowd to Obama ’s budget is that these people are not giving up .
And considering that our fight to end funding for abstinence - only programs is long from over , considering that congress must pass this budget without sneaking funding for ab - only back in , neither should we .
So let ’s make it clear to Congress that Obama ’s call for realistic and science - based sex education must not be ignored due to pressure from social conservatives like Leslee Unruh .
Tell your Congressperson to support Obama ’s decision to end abstinence - only funding !
UPDATE :
Thanks for the recs !
Be sure to send this letter to your Congressperson to drown out all the abstinence clowns !
We need Congress to back up Obama on keeping their funding at ZERO .
Also , here 's one bonus video of Leslee Unruh , for your viewing ( and comedy ) pleasure !!! :)
To recap :
Maureen Dowd , Pulitizer Prize winner .
Sunday .
New York Times :
More and more the timeline is raising the question of why , if the torture was to prevent terrorist attacks , it seemed to happen mainly during the period when the Bush crowd was looking for what was essentially political information to justify the invasion of Iraq .
Josh Marshall .
Blogger .
Last Thursday .
Talking Points Memo :
More and more the timeline is raising the question of why , if the torture was to prevent terrorist attacks , it seemed to happen mainly during the period when we were looking for what was essentially political information to justify the invasion of Iraq .
Dowd 's first explanation was that a friend had suggested that paragraph as Dowd was writing her column , and Dowd did n't realize the language was cribbed from TPM .
Of course , it was pretty amazing that her friend had perfect photographic memory , down to comma placement , and Dowd had perfect photographic memory , down to comma placement !
Of course that explanation was ludricous .
It was obvious Dowd had gotten that passage either from TPM directly , or made a habit of ripping off her friends ' prose wholesale .
Politico's Michael Calderon asked Dowd 's boss for clarification .
This is what editorial page editor Andy Rosenthal had to say :
Maureen had us correct the column online as soon as the error was brought to her attention , adding in the sourcing to Marshall 's blog .
We ran a correction in today 's paper , referring readers to the correct version online .
There is no need to do anything further since there is no allegation , hint or anything else from Marshall that this was anything but an error .
It was corrected .
Journalists often use feeds from other staff journalists , free - lancers , stringers , a whole range of people .
And from friends .
Anyone with even the most passing acquaintance with Maureen 's work knows that she is happy and eager to give people credit .
See ?
There was no plagiarism , even though the paragraphs were word for word and comma for comma almost entirely the same .
And since Josh Marshall is n't throwing a hissy fit about it , it 's all kosher !
It was just a mistake .
A mistake in which someone else 's words were magically transposed into the column of a major NY Times columnist .
Like tripping or making a typo !
So innocent !
Dowd was never going to face any serious repercussions .
Star columnists rule the roost , and can essentially get away with things lesser mortals ( including rank and file journalists at her newspaper ) would never get away with .
Calderon :
I do n't think she tried to pull a fast one and use a TPM passage without anyone noticing .
But I think this incident sheds light on the use of content without attribution -- even if from a friend -- that seems to be acceptable at the Times .
Of course a columnist will take ideas from those they speak with , but entire passages verbatim ?
If I was e-mailed a 40 - plus - word block of text for this blog , and I used it , I 'd include some sort of attribution -- whether " a reader writes in , " " media insider points out " or whatever the case may be .
But from The Times ' response , it seems the paper finds it acceptable for columnists to take entire paragraphs from friends ( or sources ? ) , over the phone or e-mail , and reproduce them verbatim in the paper under the columnist 's byline .
Writing two columns a week is hard work !
So Dowd just , er , takes from other sources to lighten the load .
And as far as the New York Times is concerned , that 's A - OK !
The BackStopp software monitors the electronic ' heartbeat ' of a laptop to determine its location .
If the laptop is moved from its permitted zone the software blocks access and ultimately destroys data .
The system is designed to provide an additional layer of protection in conjunction with encryption software .
BackStopp offers administrators an " at - a - glance report " of which laptops contain what data , and their level of security , according to the company .
If a machine is deemed to be ' at risk ' following unauthorised movement , Backstopp sends out the self - destruct message .
The software will also prompt any laptop featuring an in - built webcam to start taking photographs to help with identification of the thief .
" There are millions of laptops out there that contain valuable data , " said Virtuity chief technology officer Dean Bates .
"
The vast majority are not stolen for their data , but the [ thief ] will often come across the data and use it for criminal purposes .
This solution prevents that illicit use .
" Prices start at £ 10 per laptop per month .
Top Five BMW -M Cars
It was , indeed , quite hard to pick top five BMW M Cars , and those that we could n’t include in the list seemed also quite impressive , but the given five cars in this list have the most exciting and interesting features throughout the M badge .
Here is our pick of top five best - ever BMWs .
E46 M3
The E46 M3 is wearing the M3 badge right now , it may take some time to be got on , but still many out there are anxiously demanding for the E46M3 .
Why it is so ?
It ’s nor hard to find , as it is one of the most accomplished performance cars available the market now .
It features a 3.2 - liter , 343 bhp straight - six engine that gives wings to its Coupe body for really enjoyable drive .
E30 M3
Aside from the M1 , no other M - badge car seems to precisely represent the philosophy of the M - cars , as the M3 that has been especially designed to make M series Mark in the motor sport .
You will definitely notice the significant changes that ca n’t be seen in the other traditional two - door cars and it is its wider track and blistered arches that give all the rakishness and class to the vehicle .
It houses a four - cylinder 200 bhp 2.3 - liter powerhouse that may seem another boost in capacity and efficiency quite soon .
M1
Many do n’t know about this unsung hero of M- series , but for the most of real BMW enthusiastic spotters , the M1 is not less than a gift .
It was the first BMW car with M badge and it ’s indeed an honor for the coming vehicle of this lineup .
The M1 housed a 3.5 - liter straight - six that could attain 277 hp with 162 mph top speed and 60 mph in just six seconds .
The M1 gave an utterly new direction to the sport cars and gained enough appreciation from the world ’s most renowned drivers .
E39 M5
The E39 M5 , without any iota of doubt , is one of the most remarkable vehicles with the most accomplished package of M - cars .
It houses a V8 5.0 - liter engine .
Aside from its huge sporting capacity , you would find the E39 M5 quite luxurious as a saloon .
Many look for efficiency , many for robustness and many for comfort with stylishness , and the E39 M5 is the best option for those who want all this in one vehicle .
As it nicely combines all the features that people usually want to have in their vehicles .
M635 CSI
The M635 CSI is another one of the most sought after vehicles of the M series .
It houses the same engine that powered to the well - known M1 , but it is capable to produce 286 bhp .
It can sprint 60 mph just in 6.1sec though not super - quick , yet quite sufficient according to today ’s standard .
The M635 CSI is a real beast machine for all the admirers of the power with stylishness and class .
The current M6 model is known as the spiritual successor of it , but many reckon the M635 a lot better car .
We are talking about after she died .
Crazy story .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints confirmed Tuesday afternoon that someone improperly , posthumously baptized the late mother of President Obama into the Mormon faith .
Last June 4 -- the day after then - Sen .
Obama secured enough delegates to win the Democratic presidential nominee -- someone had the president 's mother Stanley Ann Dunham , who died in 1995 of cancer , baptized .
On June 11 , she received the sacrament .
The White House had no comment .
read it all here .....
And you know the Mormons are up in arms right about now .
Rise Underground : The Rise To The Top Entrepreneur Blog
The Rise To The Top : Entertaining , Energizing and Empowering Entrepreneurs
Writing Compelling Content and The Future of Marketing : 10 Questions With Lauren Berger
1 . What is your background and how did you become involved in writing ?
For me , it was never about BECOMING a writer – I ’ve always been a writer .
I actually wrote my first book at the age of four .
My writing style has improved since then , but I still have that fragile little book .
I started out writing for myself : diary entries , short stories , lyrics , etc .
Then I graduated to articles and blog posts , as that medium became readily available .
I also studied English Literature and History in college .
I figured , what better way to learn about the different voices of the ages and the historical context in which they lived ?
Then I started STL Scene and was able to start publishing some of my stuff for mass consumption .
The freelance gigs were just a natural extension of what I was already doing with that .
2 . There is the old adage that content is king in writing .
What are some tips on writing compelling content ?
I ’ll answer your adage with another adage .
“ Write what you know . ”
The easiest way to write compelling content is to write what you are familiar with and passionate about .
Nothing comes through in writing better than a genuine love for your topic .
That kind of energy just reverberates off the page .
3 . What mistakes do you see entrepreneurs and aspiring writers make when perhaps writing copy or a blog ?
There are a few …
I think number one is , of course , inadequate proofreading .
I once read web copy where someone had misspelled the name of the product they were selling !
I sent an email to the webmaster and got an offer to write and proof their content .
I also see a lot of people doing what I call “ putting on the Mensa mask . ”
They fill their copy with jargon and technical terms in the hopes that people will think of them as an authority .
Instead , they confuse the average reader and inspire them to turn to other sources for information .
4 . How can one improve their writing ability ?
Is this something that can be improved ?
Writing skill can absolutely be improved !
It just takes a bit of effort .
Practice is key – I make sure to write something every day .
It does n’t have to be much , but with practice comes skill .
I also read everything I write out loud , to make sure that it flows well .
5 . You also have a background in marketing and public relations .
Tell us a bit about what you have done .
I started in marketing and PR as an entrepreneur .
I had just started a business ( STL Scene ) and needed to figure out how to get our message to as many readers as possible .
That was grassroots marketing at its ’ best !
We ’re talking stickers and flyers .
We actually had a street team charged with getting the word out .
I also worked at Boeing for a time , as a conference planning manager and learned the ins and outs of planning an event .
Recently , I have been involved with event promotion and PR for several area businesses .
I also do social media strategy and content creation for small businesses and area politicos .
6 . This Sunday ’s episode is all about marketing .
What mistakes do you see small businesses make in marketing ?
A lot of business owners seem to think that price promotions = more customers .
This is appropriate at times , particularly in this economy , but it ’s not always the answer .
When people pay a price for a product or service , they are attaching worth to it .
I love it when businesses find a way to add VALUE to their product or service , rather than slashing the price .
You ’re not always going to create a loyal customer with a sale .
You may just find a savvy consumer who is always going to be looking for the best deal , whether you can deliver it or not .
7 . You have $ 0 and just started a company .
How would you get started marketing ?
Social media ?
I ’m probably a bit biased – but I definitely think that social media is key .
You really ca n’t beat the bang for your buck ( or in some cases , lack of buck ) that you get with social media .
If you have a compelling product and something to say on the subject , media placements are also a really good way to get the word out .
Just make sure you understand how the various media outlets work and cultivate a relationship with key players .
8 . Has social media changed the marketing game ?
Which sites and why ?
Social media has taken advertising power out of the hands of the marketers and given it to the consumer .
It is a beautiful thing to see .
Staying in touch with your customers and creating brand advocates has never been easier .
That being said , if you are n’t responding to your customers ’ needs in an effective way , you run the risk of creating some pretty terrible word of mouth .
That kind of transparency will really affect your bottom line .
Twitter is one of my favorite sites .
There are all kinds of strategies you can implement to start dialogue about your product and really hear and respond to what people are thinking .
9 . Where do you see happening with social media in the next two years ?
I think that social media sites are going to find ways to monetize what they are doing more effectively , through ad partnerships and sponsorships .
I also ca n’t wait to see what SM sites come up with in terms of cross- platform experiences .
Sites like Ping.fm are already coming out with ways to manage multiple accounts from one source .
10 .
What marketing trends for entrepreneurial companies do you foresee being important over the next two years ?
Well , I see trends taking root now that will be incredibly important over the next two years .
Pay - per - click ads are going to video .
Mobile eCommerce is growing at an incredibly fast rate .
Remember Miller ’s “ One - Second Ad ” during the Superbowl ?
Actually , I was watching something on TiVo the other day and I was wondering when someone was going to come out with ads that would just flash across the screen when fast forwarding through commercial breaks .
Lauren Berger is a serial entrepreneur , writer , marketer , trainer and sometime radio personality from Saint Louis , MO .
She started her first business , STL Scene , Inc. , at the age of 19 and has n’t looked back since .
She is currently the owner of V3 Creative , LLC , a PR / Marketing and Social Media Strategy Services firm .
She loves teaching people to fish , SM - style and can also make a mean Cajun gumbo .
You can contact her at stlartscommunity@gmail.com and find her on Twitter at @V3 Creative .
Live Passionately !
– David Siteman Garland – The Creative Opportunities Specialist and Entrepreneurial Chameleon – www.therisetothetop.com
PS : Are you a passionate entrepreneur or expert who has some valuable tips for The Rise To The Top audience ?
Let us know below or shoot us an email and you may be our next “ 10 Questions ”
PPS : Thank you to the Toilet Paper Entrepreneur Michael Michaelowicz for listing our blog as one of the “ Top 17 Blogs For Toilet Paper Entrepreneurs ”
We are honored to be in such AMAZING company !
Video and Game Content for the PSP ( R ) ( PlayStation ( R ) Portable ) and PLAYSTATION ( R ) 3 systems
Sony Computer Entertainment America , Inc. ( SCEA ) announced today major enhancements to PlayStation ®Network , expanding on SCEA ’s commitment to give users a comprehensive entertainment experience .
The video delivery service for the PSP ® ( PlayStation ® Portable ) system launches today in coordination with a new line - up of premier Hollywood , Anime and Sports partners .
In addition , Media Go , a free application that makes it easier to manage digital content including games , photos , videos and music for the PSP system through a PC will also become available .
These enhancements give new entertainment possibilities for PSP system owners , providing direct downloadable access to games , demos and trailers , as well as movies and television shows via the PlayStation ®Store on PlayStation Network .
New game content will also be added to an existing library of more than 200 downloadable games on the PlayStation Store today , including much anticipated titles Fat Princess : Fistful of Cake , Gravity Crash™ , Hustle Kings ™ and more than 60 PS one ® Classics hitting the PlayStation Store by the end of the year .
“ PlayStation Network has experienced a high growth year and today we ’re excited to add new content partners such as Showtime , G4 & E ! , Magnolia Films , and TNA to our family .
In addition to extending our content offerings and expanding with new features like Media Go , we continue to bring relevant and compelling content via original games and programming to our users , ” said Peter Dille , senior vice president marketing and PlayStation Network , SCEA .
“ Gamers will be pleased to find new games for all genres and interests with original titles Fat Princess and Gravity Crash , in addition to many PS one Classics such as Final Fantasy VII coming to PlayStation Network this year . ”
Video Delivery Service
PSP system users now have direct access to PlayStation Network ’s video delivery service , where they can download their favorite movie and television programs and take with them on - the - go .
In addition , the video delivery service is announcing content from 16 new premier partners in Hollywood , anime and sports .
Hollywood content partners include Showtime Networks Inc. , Starz Media , – for Film , TV and Manga Anime , G4 and E ! , Summit Entertainment , The Weinstein Company , HDnet and Magnolia Pictures .
Anime partners include , Anime Network , Media Blasters , Right Stuf ’s Nozomi Entertainment , Starz Media ’s Manga Entertainment , Toei Animation , Viz Media and WEP .
FUNimation Entertainment will also be a part of a new anime category on the video delivery service .
Sports partners include HDNet Fights , UFC , Wrestling from TNA and Video Action Sports .
Premier Hollywood content will include hit films such as Overture Films “ Righteous Kill , ” Summit Entertainment “ Twilight ” and The Weinstein Company “ Zack & Miri Make a Porno . ” PlayStation Store will also feature TV shows such as Showtime Networks Inc. ’s “ Dexter , ” E ! ’s “ The Soup , ” G4 ’s “ X - Play ” and Starz Media ’s “ Painkiller Jane . ”
A new anime channel will also launch in both the TV and film sections of the video store and will feature the best in anime content , including Anime Network ’s “ Appleseed , ” Starz Media Manga Entertainment ’s “ Dead Space . ” Toei Animation ’s “ Fist of the North Star , ” Viz Media ’s “ Naruto ” and WEP ’s “ Voltron . ”
Some of the new sports content will include bouts from HDNet Fight ’s “ Inside MMA , ” wrestling from TNA ’s “ iMPACT ! , ” UFC PPV events and Video Action Sports ’
“ That ’s It , That ’s All . ”
With the addition of these new partners , the video delivery service will have nearly 1900 movies and 9400 TV episodes , covering reality , mixed martial arts , sports , anime , manga and animation genres .
For one price , PlayStation users can watch standard definition ( SD ) video content from the comfort of their home television on the PS3 system or at their convenience on - the - go with the PSP system .
PlayStation Store offers a combined total of nearly 9,000 hours of video content , with more than 35 % percent of the movies in High Definition .
Through the PS3 and PSP systems users can access a unique three - in - one entertainment package unlike any other – the ability to enjoy high - definition Blu-ray movies , groundbreaking games , and downloadable video content from one platform and one service .
With the launch of the video delivery service for the PSP system , Media Manager for PC is being replaced with Media Go. Media
Go is a free application that makes it easier and more convenient for consumers to manage their PSP games , photos , videos and music on their PC and provides access to PlayStation Store .
Games
Several PlayStation
Network titles for both the PS3 and PSP systems were announced at E3 , adding to the robust lineup of over 200 downloadable games available for PlayStation Store .
For the PS3 system , Gravity Crash from developer Just Add Water melds a vintage gravity based arcade shooter with High Definition ( HD ) graphics , and Hustle Kings , from VooFoo Studios , is the PS3 system ’s first photorealistic billiards simulator .
For the PSP system , Fat Princess : Fistful of Cake brings a fun and strategic medieval battle royale unlike anything seen before on the portable system .
In addition , the PlayStation Store will deliver more than 60 PS one Classics by the end of the year and will launch Final Fantasy VII and Medal of Honor on PlayStation Store today .
Starting this fall , many PSP titles that will be launched on UMD will also be offered digitally on PlayStation Store in North America .
This will add nearly 300 games from the PSP system ’s library available for download through PlayStation Network .
PlayStation Network is built on a legacy of gaming and continues to expand into a premier entertainment platform with innovative and compelling content options for people to enjoy on multiple devices .
Sometimes , I love the jargony science speak !
The title refers to something I find totally cool .
Space is not empty .
This close to a star like the Sun , even after billions of years , space is filled with junk .
Tiny bits of rock , ice , and metal are everywhere , the leftover shrapnel from asteroid collisions , or detritus sloughed off of comets .
Every day , the Earth plows through many tons of such material , which mostly burns up in our atmosphere .
Scientists have now detected for the first time ( PDF journal paper here ) that as a particle enters our atmosphere , the different materials in it burn off at different times .
They found that sodium and potassium burn off first , when temperatures are still low in the meteoroid .
As the little chunk of cosmic fluff penetrates deeper into our atmosphere , the air thickens and the meteoroid heats up .
When it hits about 1800 K ( 1500 C or 2800 F ) materials like silicon , iron , and magnesium that have a higher vaporization energy -- that , is , need to get hotter to vaporize -- start to burn off .
At 2500 K ( 2200 C or 4000 F ) the calcium , titanium , and aluminum finally boil away .
What 's amazing to me is that were able to determine this at all .
The micrometeoroids we 're talking about here are very tiny , maybe 10 ^ - 11 to 10 ^ - 4 grams -- in some cases , too small to see .
Even at the bigger end that 's a tiny little piece of debris .
Normally , the chemicals in an object like this would be measured using spectra -- breaking the light up into colors and examining them ; different elements emit different colors of light .
But these meteors are too small to create enough light to measure .
So scientists got clever : they used radar !
Radar reflects off of ionized air , and the amount of ionization -- the amount of free electrons in the air -- changes the strength of that reflection .
By carefully measuring just how strongly a meteor reflects radar as it burns up , scientists were able to figure out just when various elements burned off the hot little visitor .
This is the first time measurements like this have been done , and show that this appears to be the main method that micron - sized particles of metal get into the mesosphere and lower thermosphere , the region of the atmosphere around 100 km ( 60 miles ) high .
That may not seem terribly important , but this is one more component that makes up the vastly complex tapestry of the Earth 's atmosphere .
Every time a new puzzle piece falls into place is a time when we understand a little bit more about the ocean of air above our heads .
And since we need it to , say , breathe , I 'm glad there are folks out there working so hard to piece it all together .
Plus , I 'm fascinated by meteors .
These little guys come screaming in from outer space , booking along at dozens of kilometers per second relative to us .
They slam into our air , heat it up , vaporize , and leave that lovely and ephemeral glowing tail stretched out behind them .
There 's always a thrill , a shock , when you see one , and it's hard not to gasp and say " Oooooohhhhhhhh ! " when one flashes into your field of view .
And , like everything else in the Universe , there are multiple facets to meteors ; we can appreciate them for their sudden flare of beauty and surprise ... and we can also study them to see what they can teach us .
Science and beauty are two sides of the same coin , and do n't let anyone ever tell you differently .
Here 's a very sad story .
A man and his oldest daughter used the GPS locator feature on the wife 's phone to track her down and discover she was cheating .
He then killed all his kids .
Advertisement
The man shot four of his kids in their beds , killed a fifth in the bathroom after a struggle , and then turned the gun on himself .
The moral of this story , if there even is a moral to sift out from this tragic mess , is that even though you can do something with technology , that does n't mean you should .
[ Yahoo ]
The first comedy show entirely taped , edited and broadcast in a war zone did n’t look like your average U.S.O. tour .
Except when it did .
In Baghdad this past week the host of “ The Colbert Report ” was so imbued with the spirit of Bob Hope that he actually twirled a golf club  a Hope trademark  as he told jokes to troops in a former palace of Saddam Hussein .
Stephen Colbert , the host , described Iraq as “ so nice , we invaded it twice . ”
Even a sketch on Tuesday , in which Mr. Colbert debated himself on the issue of gay soldiers , was n’t much of a departure from Hope ’s old stand - up routines in places like Long Binh and Cam Ranh Bay .
“ Miniskirts are bigger than ever , even some of the fellas are wearing them , ” Hope told troops in Da Nang in 1967 .
A beat .
“ Do n’t laugh , ” he added .
“ If you ’d have thought of it , you would n’t be here . ”
Mr. Colbert ’s four - day “ Operation Iraqi Stephen : Going Commando , ” sponsored by the U.S.O. , was unexpectedly charming .
His interviews with generals and even an Iraqi deputy prime minister were pleasant , not barbed , and his stand - up routines proved as easygoing and good - natured as many a Bob Hope performance .
Mr. Colbert sometimes let his comic persona as an monomaniacal chicken hawk to the right of Bill O’Reilly slip a little , but mostly he stayed in character , and even that matched up with Hope ’s self - caricature as someone egotistical and cowardly .
The difference was n’t in the humor , or even the technology ; it was in the intended audience .
Hope ’s U.S.O. tours were star - studded morale boosters for isolated troops who felt out of touch and forgotten .
Mr. Colbert seemed eager to energize viewers who are out of touch with overseas news and have all but forgotten that 130,000 troops remain in Iraq .
Payday loans have become a hugely popular borrowing option for people across the country for a number of reasons , and it ’s important that you find out what they are .
If you are in a tight financial situation where you do n’t have the money to cover an important expense of some kind , this type of loan could help .
There are a lot of benefits associated with payday loans , and the more you know about them the better .
Get the money you need fast
One of the biggest reasons that payday loans have become so common is because you can get the money you need faster than with most other types of loans .
Especially from same day companies like Emu.co.uk
Most people who are approved for a payday loan receive their funds within 24 - 48 hours , so you will need to keep that in mind .
If you are in a situation where you need money fast , this is one of the best borrowing options you have .
There are a lot of different types of loans that you can get , but none of them will provide you with the money you need quite as quickly as a payday loan .
Get approved even if you have bad credit
While there are never any guarantees as to whether or not you ’ll get approved for a payday loan , plenty of people with bad credit have been approved .
If you have been turned down for loans in the past because of your credit , you will definitely want to start looking into this option .
Just because you have a low credit score and spotty credit history does n’t necessarily mean your application will get rejected .
It is important that you still apply , because there is a good chance that you will end up getting the money you need .
Lots of lender options
You are going to have lots of different lender options when it comes to getting a payday loan , and it ’s important that you take the time to look into some of them before making a final decision on one in particular .
The more time you spend doing this , the better your chances will be of getting a great deal on the loan you need .
Some payday loan lenders are more reputable than others , and it ’s crucial that you do this research .
A lot of people choose the first lender they find , and as a result they end up paying more interest than they really needed to .
No questions asked
With a payday loan you wo n’t have to worry about being asked how you plan on spending the money you the want to borrow .
This type of loan has very lax rules when it comes to how you can spend the money you borrow , which is one of the many reasons why payday loans have become so popular .
You should only take out this type of loan if you really need it , but you can use the money any way you want .
Quick and Easy Process
The process of getting a payday loan is very quick and simple , as everything can be done online .
The application that you fill out for this loan will be done online , and you ’ll receive your funds electronically if you are approved .
You do n’t even have to leave your home to get a payday loan , but this is not the case with many other kinds of loans .
While you can choose to visit a lender ’s office in person to fill out an application , it is not necessarily at all .
Filling out a payday loan application does n’t take very long , so you wo n’t have to spend a lot of time doing this .
You will find that a payday loan is an excellent option if you have some sort of important expense that you need to pay for right away but do n’t have the money to cover it .
This sort of loan has become increasingly popular over the years because of the many benefits that are associated with it .
You will have to pay back the money you borrow within 2 weeks ( with your next pay check ) , so it is short - term loan .
It is very important that you at least consider this borrowing option .
When you have to present your concept design work to a client it really helps if you can give it a bit of added realism to help them imagine the final result .
And that 's where Product Mockups come in .
These very cool files on GraphicRiver & Placeit will let you very quickly place your design work into a mockup of their final spot .
Not only will you love them for presenting concept work , but next time you 're making a web portfolio these gems will help your work really shine .
Card Holder Mockup by Dreamwarrior
Photorealistic Jewel CD Case Mockup by AlexBeltechi
3D Webpage Display by fractma
Open Magazine or Book by Keetee
3D Wall by fenixkim
Photorealistic Business Card Preview by AlexBeltechi
Milk Carton by Placeit
3D Card Mock - ups by fenixkim
Aluminum Laptop Website Mockup by PixelPopper
Book Preview by Hein
3D Wall 2 by fenixkim
Software Boxer by Lichine
Business Card Smart Template by Alter
Folder / Brochure Mockup by ranfirefly
DVD Case Template by AlexBeltechi
3D Web Display by fenixkim
3D Webpage Display by fractma
Takeaway Coffee Cup by Placeit
3d Rendered Laptop in White by shakeyimages
Beer Glass by Placeit
Beer Bottle by Placeit
Photorealistic Business Card Mockup by AlexBeltechi
Cube Box Mockup by ranfirefly
Small Box by Placeit
Graphic Design Week
To celebrate the launch of GraphicRiver 's new Print Design Templates category we 're putting on a whole week of graphic design tutorials on both Psdtuts + and Vectortuts +.
The new category means you can now sell your design work to make extra cash
On the flip side if you 're coming up short on inspiration , you can get a kickstart by grabbing a Photoshop , Illustrator or InDesign template via GraphicRiver .
So to give the new category the launch it deserves , all this week we 'll be bringing you articles and tutorials just like this one , on graphic design as part of our Tuts + Graphic Design Week .
By Chris Mason
BBC News , Brussels
WG Grace was cricket 's first celebrity , but could he have beaten the Flemish ?
New academic research claims cricket is not English , but was imported by immigrants from northern Belgium .
A poem thought to have been written in 1533 has been uncovered , which suggests the game originates from Flanders .
In the work attributed to John Skelton , Flemish weavers are labelled " kings of crekettes " , according to Paul Campbell of the Australian National University .
The discovery challenges the long established theory that the sport evolved from English children 's games .
The first definitive references to the game appeared in England in the 1600s , when fines were handed out for those missing church to play .
A game played by the masses in the country was taken into public schools and the universities of Oxford and Cambridge in the century that followed .
The first cricket club was formed in Hambledon in the 1760s and the world - famous Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) was founded in 1787 .
' Flemish phrase ' But German academic Heiner Gillmeister and his Australian colleague , Mr Campbell , say the discovery proves the quintessential English pastime is anything but English .
THE IMAGE OF IPOCRISIE
O lodre of Ipocrites ,
Nowe shut vpp your wickettes ,
And clappe to your clickettes !
A ! Farewell , kings of crekettes !
Poem attributed to John Skelton Mr Campbell has uncovered an apparent reference to cricket in the 16th Century work , The Image of Ipocrisie , attributed to the English poet John Skelton , which refers to Flemish weavers who settled in southern and eastern England .
They are described as " kings of crekettes " ; " wickettes " are mentioned too .
It is thought the weavers brought the game to England and played it close to where they looked after their sheep , using shepherd 's crooks as bats .
Mr Campbell 's research was based on earlier investigations by Mr Gillmeister , a linguist from the University of Bonn .
He is certain cricket cannot have started in England .
" There is no way to relate the term to any existing English word , " he told the BBC .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I was brought up with Flemish children and I know the language well .
I immediately thought of the Flemish phrase ' met de krik ketsen ' which means to ' chase a ball with a curved stick ' . "
In response , cricket historian David Frith said : " It is hard to deny that this is a breakthrough .
This discovery points to an addition to the great history of cricket .
It 's exciting we have n't yet written the final word on it . "
He added : " It does make you wonder why Belgium is n't playing test cricket though , does n't it ? "
But Mr Gillmeister 's research does not end with cricket .
Earlier studies of his suggest that whilst the spiritual home of golf might be Scotland - records indicate the Belgians were also playing a recognisable form of that sport before people in Britain .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For those of you unfamiliar with “ stumbling ” , here ’s a link – http://www.stumbleupon.com/, but be forewarned about the addictive properties .
comic / webcomic 081
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The latest explanation for why Pat Tillman 's Silver Star citation failed to mention that friendly fire killed the former NFL star in Afghanistan is another lie by the U.S. military , Tillman 's mother said Tuesday .
Pat Tillman died in Afghanistan in 2004 after giving up a lucrative NFL career to serve in the Army .
Mary Tillman was responding to remarks made Tuesday by the general nominated to lead Allied forces in Afghanistan , who apologized before a Senate committee for his role in the matter .
Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he helped expedite the Silver Star award for Tillman before confirming that the Army corporal was killed by friendly fire in 2004 .
Tillman 's family has long complained that the memorial service , which included the Silver Star presentation , deliberately avoided mention of fratricide .
McChrystal acknowledged the problem Tuesday , calling it a mistake .
He said the Silver Star citation was " not well - written " but denied any intent to mislead .
" I did n't see any activity by anyone to deceive , " he said .
Mary Tillman said McChrystal knew at the memorial service that her son died from friendly fire .
" McChrystal was lying , " she said of his comments Tuesday .
" He said he did n't know for certain Pat was killed by fratricide .
That is n't true in and of itself , but the fact is , it does n't matter whether he knew it for certain . "
Army protocol at the time required families to be told of possible fratricide , whether or not it had been confirmed , she said .
She also criticized Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the ranking Republican on the committee , who questioned McChrystal on Tuesday , for " playing dumb " by not following up on McChrystal 's explanation .
" If the Army chain of command did n't know what happened to Pat , why did it present us with a false story " at the memorial service ?
Tillman asked .
" That is not an error ; that is not a misstep ; that is deliberate deception .
McCain was at Pat 's service .
He was read a false narrative like the rest of us .
Where is his outrage ?
Did he know all along ? "
Investigations by the Army 's Criminal Investigations Division and the Defense Department 's inspector general concluded that officers in Tillman 's chain of command knew almost immediately that he had been killed by fire from his own platoon .
That information , however , was withheld from his family for more than a month , in violation of Army regulations .
McChrystal , one of four generals identified in the report , was later cleared in the investigation but was faulted for not immediately notifying Tillman 's family of suspicions that it was a friendly fire incident .
On Tuesday , McChrystal said the mistake in the Tillman situation involved attempts to simultaneously support the awarding of a Silver Star while investigating the reports that he died from friendly fire .
A policy to have awards approved in time to present them to families at memorial ceremonies should be changed to prevent competing pressures , McChrystal said .
" I would do this differently if I had the chance again , " he said .
Asked whether he believed that Tillman earned the Silver Star before his death , McChrystal said : " I did then ; I do now .
... I do n't believe that the circumstance of death detracts from the courage and commitment of his contribution . "
Later , Sen. Jim Webb , D - Virginia , pressed McChrystal harder on the issue , prompting the general to agree that the Army had failed the Tillman family .
" I was a part of that , and I apologize for it , " McChrystal said .
CNN 's Scott Bronstein contributed to this story .
All About Pat Tillman • Stanley McChrystal
Almost all his life Jack Kerouac had a hobby that even close friends and fellow Beats like Allen Ginsberg and William S. Burroughs never knew about .
He obsessively played a fantasy baseball game of his own invention , charting the exploits of made - up players like Wino Love , Warby Pepper , Heinie Twiett , Phegus Cody and Zagg Parker , who toiled on imaginary teams named either for cars ( the Pittsburgh Plymouths and New York Chevvies , for example ) or for colors ( the Boston Grays and Cincinnati Blacks ) .
He collected their stats , analyzed their performances and , as a teenager , when he played most ardently , wrote about them in homemade newsletters and broadsides .
He even covered financial news and imaginary contract disputes .
During those same teenage years , he also ran a fantasy horse - racing circuit , complete with illustrated tout sheets and racing reports .
He created imaginary owners , imaginary jockeys , imaginary track conditions .
All these “ publications , ” some typed , some handwritten and often pasted into old - fashioned composition notebooks , are now part of the Jack Kerouac Archive at the Berg Collection of the New York Public Library .
The curator , Isaac Gewirtz , has just written a 75 - page book about them , “ Kerouac at Bat : Fantasy Sports and the King of the Beats , ” to be published next week by the library and available , at least for now , only in its gift shop .
Mr. Gewirtz said recently that he had included much of the fantasy material in a 2007 Kerouac exhibition he mounted at the library , and had planned to add a chapter about the fantasy sports in the catalogue but ran out of space .
“ I ’m glad I waited , ” he said , “ because it forced me to go into it all in much more depth . ”
Playboy for sale after making a loss of millions - and Virgin is tipped as a potential buyer
He has become as much a part of the Playboy brand as its trademark bunny ears .
But Hugh Hefner could soon be parting ways with the soft - porn empire he founded more than 56 years ago .
The 83 - year - old is reported to be selling the company for nearly £ 200 million , with Virgin tipped as a potential buyer .
Although the magazine was read by a quarter of all university students in its heyday in the 1970s , its circulation has taken a battering from the availability of free pornography on the internet .
Playboy owner Hugh Hefner , pictured with two blonde models , is reportedly selling his empire due to the huge losses it has made this year
Earlier this month , Playboy announced it had made losses of £ 8.6 million for the first three months of this year , compared to a £ 2.6 million loss for the corresponding period in 2008 .
The company is said to have been furiously cutting costs and has reportedly sacked 25 per cent of its staff .
The magazine has featured hundreds of models and actresses , like Jessica Alba , on its cover
Although it is still America 's best - selling men's magazine , sales have dropped to about three million an issue from around seven million in 1972 .
According to reports in the U.S. , two companies , Apollo Capital Partners and Providence Equity Partners , have been approached but decided against making a bid .
Virgin Media 's name has been raised as a potential buyer by speculators , but no official interest in the acquisition has been confirmed .
The purchase price is said to include enough to ensure that Hefner can maintain his lavish lifestyle .
A source yesterday - told the New York Post : ' Everyone says that he 'll never let go , that he 'll take it to his grave . '
Hefner , who has become known for parading around in his dressing gown with a series of beautiful , blonde girlfriends , still controls 70 per cent of the company .
His daughter Christine stepped down as Playboy 's chief operating officer in January and formally severed her ties with the company at its annual meeting last week .
A spokesman for Playboy said it had not received any offers and denied Hefner has been courting potential buyers .
But he added that , as a public company ' we will listen to proposals that could create value for all of our shareholders ' .
You 've probably seen the new phenomenon with your own eyes :
A cineplex IMAX that does n't have the monster screen you grew up with in science - museum IMAX theaters .
Here 's the what , the how and the why .
Advertisement
Just last night , comedian Aziz Ansari ( from Parks and Recreation ) published this piece describing the conspiracy of paying an extra $ 5 to see an " IMAX " movie that really was n't much bigger than a normal screen .
I actually visited IMAX HQ a few weeks back , and a major point of discussion was the retrofitting process so lovingly described by Aziz .
Basically , IMAX used to build their own massive theaters in their own buildings .
But now , in order to expand , the company has made a deals with major theater chains like AMC in which they 'll provide and install their proprietary mix of projectors , screens , speakers and hardware if the theater will foot the bill for the necessary structural renovations .
Advertisement
This plan , for better or worse , is IMAX 's only current design for expansion in the US .
This conversion process , which has a patented geometry , includes installing a screen that 's only slightly bigger ( as little as 10 feet wider than before ) , but this screen is coupled with the removal of several rows of seats which allows it to be scooted roughly 30 feet closer to the audience , creating a sort of sitting too close the TV effect with a screen that , I was told , is perceived as 75 feet wider than before .
When the process was described to me , I thought it all sounded a bit hokey .
But walking into IMAX 's test multiplex , an otherwise typical AMC located in a Canada , I was shown a side - by - side of the same theater before and after the retrofitting process .
Advertisement
I will say , the new screen looked much bigger and far more imposing — " night and day " would make for a fair analogy .
My mind was n't mentally prepped for such a tangible difference , though I 'd agree that it still fell short of , say , the unbelievable , multi-story beast of a screen that I watched Star Trek on several days later at a classic , standalone IMAX .
But the change I did n't expect ( and I ca n't pretend to have perceived this tidbit up on my own ) was a remarkable difference from acoustic paneling .
Clapping in the original theater revealed a very live environment with a frightening amount of echo .
The retrofit , however , absorbed the sound in a pleasant way , reminiscent of more than one acoustically - planned stage I performed on back in my band days .
Advertisement
There are other improvements as well , including a specifically non-THX - certified sound system , reaching up to 14,000W , that offers 117db of uncompressed digital sound without distortion .
Engineers claimed that in a normal theater , the sweet spot for audio is in the dead center , and technicians make no effort to tend to those sitting in the back .
Meanwhile , IMAX 's system promised the same surround experience anywhere in the theater .
I tested that theory during a screening of some Rolling Stones at the Max footage by moving from the center of the theater to the back right corner .
And there 's absolutely no doubt , I lost a good deal of the side channels while the rear channel ( in this case , it was the lead guitar , I believe ) , dominated the audio spectrum .
I would n't have expected IMAX to have achieved the impossible unless , you know , they claimed that they had .
Advertisement
The other chief part of this retrofitting process is the new digital IMAX projector .
Since its debut in the 70s , the Xenon - lamp - powered projector has stayed mostly unchanged .
But with film prints reaching around $ 40,000 apiece , IMAX has embraced the digital revolution in their theaters ( the cameras are still film with no plans mentioned to change that ) .
Advertisement
With the digital installations , films arrive on a standard hard drive , encrypted with DRM provisions that state just when a theater is authorized to play a film …errr …video .
Advertisement
Their projector is actually two , 2 K Christie projectors that spit out the same image at the same time .
A camera is positioned in between the projector lenses , tracking screen brightness in real time .
An integrated server aggregates this and other data , adjusting both projectors for thermal shift , making sure the images do n't change as they play .
There are also a slew of other , top secret proprietary imaging adjustments going on at all times .
Advertisement
I know what you 're thinking :
Why did n't IMAX just use a 4 K projector and save the hassle , especially with AMC announcing that all of their theaters would be equipped with 4 K Sony projectors by 2012 ?
IMAX does believe their projector offers a sub - pixel accuracy that , when combined with some extra imaging processing , looks better than Sony's 4K .
You can see imperfections in their digital projection system just like any digital system .
The screen door effect , while minimized , can be noticed in bright spots of the image — if you 're looking as closely and skeptically as I was .
And you only need to move back in the theater to realize that the picture does appear sharper as you step away from the screen .
In other words , it 's not hitting some theoretical maximum perceived resolution …or even the best of what IMAX film can show .
( As IMAX archives their own film into 8 K and 12 K prints , you can assume that the company feels the resolution of their product is much higher that their digital projectors may show ) .
Advertisement
The good news is that IMAX 's digital projection system is " projector agnostic , " meaning if a more suitable base projector comes around ( be it 2 K , 4 K or higher ) , the realtime syncing and adjustment system can scale accordingly .
In other words , when every AMC is stocked with 4 K projectors in a few years , hopefully IMAX will be upping the ante as necessary by dual wielding 4 K + projectors instead .
So is this new IMAX , with smaller screens , with digital projection , still IMAX ?
Honestly , there are probably only a small handful of technicians — who are n't exactly sharing proprietary knowledge and decisions — capable of answering that question with complete scientific earnestness .
To my eyes and my gut , it 's more IMAX Lite or Normal Theater Enhanced — which makes sense , given that IMAX film has been estimated at a theoretical 18 K resolution .
Advertisement
Is a retrofitted theater worth your extra $ 5 ?
For the movies most likely to make it to the screen ( big budget action ) , I think so ... though maybe not for a family of four .
The price probably should n't be the same as a standalone IMAX theater , but I think that the point Ansari misses is that cineplexes are already benefiting from a pricing structure that makes viewers pay the same amount no matter what screen they see a movie on ( how many times do beautiful art films get shunned to a broom closet of a theater while summer blockbusters are played on a plex 's largest screen ? ) .
At minimum , the $ 5 IMAX premium ensures you see a movie on a screen that 's better than the best AMC or whoever has in their building .
Advertisement
Personally , I hate to know that we will probably never see another 12,700sqft foot IMAX screen built ( like that found in Mumbai ) , and that 70 mm film projection is being traded for digital before digital is undeniable image perfection .
But if the compromise is that more people will be seeing movies in theaters with bigger pictures and tighter quality control , then maybe it's a compromise worth making .
Advertisement
Look for lots more on our IMAX visit in the coming weeks .
On Tuesday , former Mexican President Vicente Fox added his name to a growing list of prominent political figures urging the decriminalization of marijuana .
He painted the current militarized approach as misguided and ineffectual , saying “ it ca n’t be that the only way is for the state to use force . ”
It ’s not the first time Fox has publicly supported decriminalization .
During his term in office , Fox urged the Mexican Congress to pass a similar measure , only to veto it when it reached his desk .
No doubt , pressure from Washington forced the change of heart .
At present , however , Fox ’s position alligns with notable politicians on both sides of the border .
Back in November , both Michigan and Massachusetts voted to loosen marijuana laws , and in California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has acknowledged that “ it ’s time for debate ” about legalization .
For many in the Golden State , that debate is already decided : medical marijuana is currently the state ’s largest cash crop , and Democratic state congressman Tom Ammiano has introduced legislation that would legalize the drug , generating billions in revenue via a $ 50 levy on every ounce sold .
In the midst of a recession that ’s opened up a a sizeable hole in the state budget , the windfall of drug revenue seems too good to pass up .
It ’s also estimated the bill would save $ 1 billion a year by reducing the number of arrests , prosecutions and inmates from possession charges .
With the world - leading incarceration rate — much of it for drug - related crime — some in the federal government are questioning the logic behind our drug war ( though few are willing to contemplate — let alone advocate — decriminalization ) .
Gil Kerlikowske , the Obama administration ’s Drug Czar , told reporters Thursday that he wants to “ banish the idea that the US is fighting a ‘ War on Drugs . ’ ”
Though the position is largely one of semantics at the moment , it does signal a new , more liberal approach to drugs and criminal justice .
The significance is no doubt apparent to Former President Fox , who acknowledged that any effort by the Mexican government must “ be done in conjunction with the United States . ”
Nevertheless , the Mexican congress has taken the lead , passing a bill that decriminalizes simple possession of marijuana and cocaine .
President Felipe Calderón , a conservative , is expected to sign it soon .
Fox is not the only prominent Latin American politician to come out in favor of decriminalization this spring .
In April , three other former Latin American presidents — Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil , César Gavíria of Colombia , and Fox ’s predecessor Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico — urged the same as a means of staunching drug cartels ’ principle source of revenue and mitigating the region ’s rampant drug violence .
“ The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , ” said Gavíria .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
I.B.M. appears on the verge of acquiring Sun Microsystems , a longtime rival in the computer server and software markets , for nearly $ 7 billion .
The two companies have been negotiating for weeks , ironing out terms of an agreement that would turn I.B.M. into the dominant supplier of high - profit Unix servers and related technology .
I.B.M. is offering $ 9.50 a share , down from a bid of $ 10 a share , said people familiar with the discussions who were not authorized to speak publicly .
The new agreement would restrict I.B.M. ’s ability to walk away from the deal , these people said .
Even at $ 9.50 a share , the deal would value Sun , based in Santa Clara , Calif . , at close to $ 7 billion .
It is close to a 100 percent premium based on Sun ’s value before rumors of an acquisition spread last month .
The Federal Reserve significantly scaled back the size of the capital hole facing some of the nation 's biggest banks shortly before concluding its stress tests , following two weeks of intense bargaining .
In addition , according to bank and government officials , the Fed used a different measurement of bank - capital levels than analysts and investors had been expecting , resulting in much smaller capital deficits .
The overall reaction to the stress tests , announced Thursday , has been generally positive .
But the haggling between the government and the banks shows the sometimes - tense nature of the negotiations that occurred before the final results were made public .
Government officials defended their handling of the stress tests , saying they were responsive to industry feedback while maintaining the tests ' rigor .
When the Fed last month informed banks of its preliminary stress - test findings , executives at corporations including Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co. were furious with what they viewed as the Fed 's exaggerated capital holes .
A senior executive at one bank fumed that the Fed 's initial estimate was " mind - numbingly " large .
Bank of America was " shocked " when it saw its initial figure , which was more than $ 50 billion , according to a person familiar with the negotiations .
by hilzoy
The Senate Republicans have put up an unusually boneheaded video about the idea of holding Guantanamo detainees in the US :
Something about 9/11 seems to have produced a kind of amnesia among some people on the right .
It 's as though they think that we have never before had to figure out such questions as : how can we hold dangerous people in detention safely ?
When someone has served his time and we think he might go on to do something bad , how might we monitor him to ensure that he does n't ?
Suppose we have captured someone who might be guilty of a violent crime , but we do not have enough evidence to charge him : what should we do ?
These are not problems that we confronted for the first time after 9/11 .
They have been with us from the founding of our country .
We somehow managed to face down the world 's most powerful empire , survive a brutal civil war , defeat Hitler , and live for about forty years with an immense arsenal of thermonuclear weapons pointed at our cities , and do all that without giving up on the rule of law .
But let nineteen guys with boxcutters fly planes into our buildings and , apparently , we face a Brand New Existential Threat that causes our entire legal history to fly out of our collective heads .
To explain this point , and to prove that I too can make a movie with Carl Orff 's ' O Fortuna ' as the soundtrack , I present my own YouTube .
( It 's the first time I 've ever made a movie .
Be gentle . )
If we can't have dangerous people living among us , then we are going to have a whole lot of extra prisons sitting around empty .
Just saying .
And now , something completely different : Curse episodes the indie Game !
There will be a proper announcement of this ( with new media etc ... ) but that will be later .
Till that here 's what will be different in the indie game compared to the mod :
- The first episode will be longer
- There will be a ( properly implemented ) melee combat system ( this is alone will make it a completely different experience )
- New monsters ... except the wormdemon
No more updates here ( unless Valve releases the OS X modding tools for Half - Life 2 , so I can make the Curse mod Mac compatible ) .
Expect a new Curse episodes IndieDB profile soon ...
" The two enemies of the people are criminals and government ,
so let us tie the second down with the chains of the Constitution
so the second will not become the legalized version of the first . "
.... and this is n't the reason Tom Cruise got his role in Top Gun .
These are the surreal results of a competition at worth1000.com for artists to answer the question " What if celebrities had lived in different time periods ? "
Credit : WORTH1000 .COM
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
In that strange intersection of economics and politics , there is a new fashion : Trillion is the new billion .
One trillion $ 1 bills stacked one on top of the other would reach nearly 68,000 miles into the sky .
A billion is a thousand million , and a trillion is a thousand billion .
To provide some perspective on just how big a trillion dollars is , think about it like this : A trillion dollars is the number 1 followed by 12 zeroes .
Or you can think of it this way :
One trillion $ 1 bills stacked one on top of the other would reach nearly 68,000 miles ( about 109,400 kilometers ) into the sky , or about a third of the way from the Earth to the moon .
Some Republicans are hardly over the moon about the growing size of the proposed economic stimulus plan .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said this week that Americans have become desensitized to just how much money that is .
" To put a trillion dollars in context , if you spend a million dollars every day since Jesus was born , you still would n't have spent a trillion , " McConnell said .
CNN checked McConnell 's numbers with noted Temple University math professor and author John Allen Paulos .
' American Morning ' CNN business correspondent Christine Romans keeps crunching the numbers from a look at what 's moving the markets to how it will impact your wallet .
Weekdays , 6 a.m. ET see full schedule »
" A million dollars a day for 2,000 years is only three - quarters of a trillion dollars .
It 's a big number no matter how you slice it , " Paulos said .
Here 's another way to look at it .
" A million seconds is about 11 ½ days .
A billion seconds is about 32 years , and a trillion seconds is 32,000 years , " Paulos said .
" People tend to lump them together , perhaps because they rhyme , but if you think of it in terms of a jail sentence , do you want to go to jail for 11 ½ days or 32 years or maybe 32,000 years ?
So , they 're vastly different , and people generally do n't really have a real visceral grasp of the differences among them . "
Everyone is tossing around the words million , billion and trillion .
With the national debt now topping $ 10 trillion , following a $ 700 billion bank rescue and proposed $ 800 billion - plus stimulus package , have we become numb to the numbers ?
How much is a trillion ? »
" ' Number ' itself can be parsed ' number ' or ' numb - er . '
And maybe in this case , the latter is a better pronunciation , " Paulos said .
" I think to some extent , we have ... evolved in a context where such big numbers were completely foreign . "
Perhaps a better way to get a " grasp of the numbers , " Paulos said , is to use them to describe the budgets of government programs .
" The [ Environmental Protection Agency's ] , for example , annual budget is about $ 7.5 billion .
So , a trillion dollars would fund the EPA in present dollars for 130 years -- more than a century .
Or the National Science Foundation or National Cancer Institute have budgets of $ 5 [ billion ] or $ 6 billion .
You could fund those for almost 200 years , " he said .
Times have certainly changed .
Back in 1993 , President Bill Clinton wanted a $ 30 billion jobs and investment package .
He did n't get it .
Just last year , President George W. Bush signed an emergency economic stimulus of $ 168 billion --- a tally that seems paltry compared with the amount requested today .
The economic problem , many say , demands huge spending .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker has called it " the mother of all crises . "
The numbers are big , but so is the United States economy .
The gross domestic product , which measures the total value of goods and services produced in a country , is about $ 14 trillion .
Still , many wonder if we can afford it .
" So we do have a big economy that may not be as vibrant as it was , but it is still a powerful economic engine .
Knock on wood , we 'll see what happens , " said Paulos .
Last week , the House passed an $ 819 billion emergency stimulus , and the Senate version is approaching $ 900 billion .
In the end , whatever lawmakers hash out probably wo n't reach $ 1 trillion .
But consider this :
If all of the financial market interventions , loans , guarantees , bailouts and rescues are approved , they will total more than $ 7 trillion .
All About National Economy
Dubai builders ' shattered dreams Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Behind the glitz and glamour of Dubai often lies a murky world of exploitation and an immigrant work force living on the breadline .
Ben Anderson reports .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
The 2009 Edgar Award Winners are NOT the " Johnnies "
" Young man , there 's a place you can go ... I said young man , when you 're short on your dough ... "
On the base would be some damn Nathaniel Hawthorne quote about " lucubration , " plus your year , name , and publisher
So they gave out the Nebulas last week in Los Angeles and then they gave out the Edgar Awards immediately afterward in New York .
Next they will do the Hugos , a completely different award ceremony for speculative fiction and fantasy .
Why do n't they just have one awards ceremony for genre fiction ?
In addition to mysteries and sci-fi , they could do westerns , romance , graphic novels , young adult , and horror ... They could even give out an award for " literary fiction " just to be assholes .
It would be a gas !
Everyone who reads would get excited about the " Outstanding Genre Fiction Awards . " ( It 's fun to stay at the O - G - F - A ! ) They could even televise them .
They would call them the " Johnnies . "
The statues would be solid - gold table - lamps to symbolize fiction that keeps you up all night , turning pages .
Anyway , here 's who won the Edgar Awards this year : # Best Novel -- " Blue Heaven , " by C.J. Box
" A twelve - year - old girl and her younger brother go on the run in the woods of North Idaho , pursued by four men they have just watched commit murder -- four men who know exactly who William and Annie are , and who know exactly where their desperate mother is waiting for news of her children 's fate .
Retired cops from Los Angeles , the killers easily persuade the inexperienced sheriff to let them lead the search for the missing children .
William and Annie 's unexpected savior comes in the form of an old - school rancher teetering on the brink of foreclosure .
But as one man against four who will stop at nothing to silence their witnesses , Jess Rawlins needs allies , and he knows that one word to the wrong person could seal the fate of the children or their mother .
" OH SHIT DON'T KILL THOSE KIDS # Best First Novel by an American Author -- " The Foreigner , " by Francie Lin" Emerson Chang is a mild mannered bachelor on the cusp of forty , a financial analyst in a neatly pressed suit , a child of Taiwanese immigrants who does n't speak a word of Chinese , and , well , a virgin .
His only real family is his mother , whose subtle manipulations have kept him close -- all in the name of preserving an obscure idea of family and culture .
But when his mother suddenly dies , Emerson sets out for Taipei to scatter her ashes , and to convey a surprising inheritance to his younger brother , Little P. Now enmeshed in the Taiwanese criminal underworld , Little P seems to be running some very shady business out of his uncle 's karaoke bar , and he conceals a secret -- a crime that has not only severed him from his family , but may have annihilated his conscience .
Hoping to appease both the living and the dead , Emerson is n't about to give up the inheritance until he uncovers Little P's past , and saves what is left of his family .
"
LITTLE P SAY YOU ARE SORRY # Best Paperback Original ( I guess this means best thriller published straight - to - paperback ? ) --
" China Lake , " by Meg Gardiner " Evan Delaney is a heroine of our times : a woman with a big heart , a quick tongue and a hot temper that gets her into trouble .
She is shocked to discover that Tabitha , her ex-sister - in - law , has joined The Remnant -- the Reverend Pete Wyoming 's fanatical band of disciples .
And that Tabitha is trying to regain custody of her six - year - old son , Luke , currently in Evan 's care while his father is posted to the Naval Air Warfare Center .
Then one of the Remnant is killed , and Evan 's brother is the prime suspect .
With her boyfriend , lawyer Jesse Blackburn , Evan tries to clear her brother 's name and rescue her nephew .
In doing so , she finds herself caught up in a wild plan to steal weapons , and a blazing inferno on a Santa Barbara hillside .
" SHE SHALL RIDE A MAN NAMED JESSE AND SASS SHALL BE HER FLAMETHROWER # Best Short Story -- " Skinhead Central , " by T. Jefferson ParkerIn this short story , a young skinhead named Dale steals jewelry from an ex-cop and his wife , but it turns out that the kid and his brother have had an abusive past , and so the cop decides to intervene in their future .
If you want to read this story , you are going to have to buy the anthology called " The Blue Religion " ( edited by Michael Connelly ) which is stories about being a cop , wanting to be a cop , retiring from being a cop , making love to cops , hanging out with cops in taco bars , cops going on double - dates to ice - cream parlors , and cops puting on a " big dance show " in order to make enough money to keep Mr. Mooney 's Candy Store from going out of business due to Doofus Pete 's funky tax return .*** Come on , people .
The Johnnies .
You know you want this .
The majority of economists / analysts remain in the deflation camp .
Despite the bleak picture , many seem seem to believe that large - scale monetization of our debt wo n’t happen .
For example , Mike Shedlock , aka Mish , just posted a thought - provoking piece .
In it , he scoffs at the idea of hyperinflation in the US .
He dismisses it as ridiculous given the size of the problems we face .
And he makes a good pitch .
Mr. Shedlock is a sharp analyst , evidenced by his huge following on the web .
While I disagree with his deflation view ( more on that below ) , Mish does make some excellent points about the headwinds we ’re facing .
Plus , it ’s always good to audit your own beliefs by listening to opposing arguments .
So let ’s examine the case for deflation .
Central to it are three daunting forces in the US : Rising unemployment , the ongoing annihilation of household wealth , and the debt - collapse of Q1 2009 .
As Mish says :
Think consumers are about to go on a spending spree after a massive $ 13.87 trillion collapse in net worth ?
Think banks are going to start lending with this employment picture and household debt ?
I do n’t and boomer demographics makes the situation even worse .
Do n’t forget the bleak employment picture .
There is no source of jobs .
The deflation camp has a solid case at first glance .
The picture is bleak indeed .
In a truly laissez faire economy , equities would utterly collapse , making this 40 % drop look paltry .
Unemployment and wages would plummet , resulting in dramatic deflation .
As companies fail and people lose their homes , a horrific deflationary spiral would ensue .
But there ’s a gaping hole in this argument :
Our economy is far from lassaize faire .
It ’s arguably one of the most manipulated and subsidized in the world .
Some in the deflation camp seem to believe our government will allow a massive collapse to happen , without attempting a clumsy ( and likely counterproductive ) rescue .
Printing money is a key component of any government bailout / rescue .
Most deflation articles fail to address this , specially these aspects : what effect quantitative easing will have , and whether the Fed will reign in money supply when it ’s required .
More on that later .
First let ’s look at just how awful the economic picture is .
Knowing the size of the problem is key to understanding how drastic Gov / Fed will need to be , if they are to have any effect at all .
Things Are Really , Really Bad
De-leveraging has barely begun .
California is on the verge , the first of many states .
Boomers are retiring , medicare costs will skyrocket .
The wave of mortgage resets in Alt - A Loans in 2010 / 11 will be a nightmare ( bigger than sub- prime ) .
The case for deflation seems clear , but only if you remove the Fed and Gov intervention from the picture .
Do n’t forget , the same players who got us into this mess are still in control .
Their response will be predictably bad .
For proof , look at the way things have been handled so far .
Their answer to a debt crisis is more debt , re-flating the bubble .
And the size of this problem is unprecedented :
Do n’t forget the $ 99 trillion in unfunded healthcare and retirement obligations ( wsj ) .
It ’s no surprise that some are positioning themselves short equity / long cash .
Short is probably not a bad place to be for the very near future .
But like it or not , inflation will eventually benefit debt - laden companies with good cash flow ( they get to pay off their debts with devalued currency ) .
That ’s a horrible model , but it seems inevitable .
Governments find the temptation to “ fix ” these collapses irrestible .
And those fixes result in reverse - Darwinism .
Companies that should fail do n’t , upsetting the entire equilibrium of the invisible hand .
For those who think that our leaders will act prudently , and ignore the temptation of inflate , I urge you to recall some of the Gov / Fed actions that got us into this mess :
Keeping interest rates so low for so long
Increasing bank leverage to 40x , repealing Glass - Steagll
Unsustainable deficit spending to fund war / military budgets
Shifting of mortgage risk to the public via GSEs like Fannie and Freddie
Allowing elected officials to be openly bribed by instutions they regulate
Will Gov and Fed Stand Idle as Disaster Strikes ?
If Mish and others are right , we ’re not anywhere close to true recovery .
A bigger crash is inevitable , and all we have done is postpone it .
I happen to agree .
Where we differ is on how the government and Fed will respond .
I do n’t think they will act to curb inflation when the time comes .
Given the size of the problems we face , they will eventually be forced to monetize our debt .
Richard Fisher , head of the Dallas Fed , is probably the loudest “ inflation hawk ” they have .
And even he is making the deflation case .
So the Fed , like always , is focused on the immediate future .
Since inflation is not an immediate concern , they put it off , essentially saying “ we ’ll cross that bridge when we come to it ” .
In a recent WSJ interview , Mr. Fisher attempted to soothe worries about hyperinflation .
While it is reassuring to hear Mr. Fisher say the Fed wo n’t monetize our debt , he is a black sheep , an anomaly among Fed Presidents .
And even he does n’t sound convinced :
I think the trick here is to assist the functioning of the private markets without signaling in any way , shape or form that the Federal Reserve will be party to monetizing fiscal largess , deficits or the stimulus program [ from this wsj piece , a must - read ]
Without signaling ?
Why not say , “ While assuring them that we are committed to not monetizing our debt .
We ’re not going to do it , period . ”
Because he ’s only one voice , and hugely outnumbered .
I like Fisher , he seems like one of the smarter Fed guys .
When the time comes to pull in the reigns , his voice will surely be drowned out .
How far will they go to stave off massive economic turmoil ; a collapse on the scale that Mish and others forsee ?
Very , very far .
No government wants the it to happen on their watch .
The digital printing presses are likely getting warmed - up .
Inflation : Easier to Swallow
Politically , inflation is infinitely more palatable than the alternatives .
Voters loathe tax increases , and rightly so .
Yet we have also become dependent on ever - expanding programs like medicare .
Something has to give , and I think inflation is the easiest option .
The American public is largely complacent .
As long as you do n’t raise their taxes or slash their benefits , rebellion is unlikely .
But if you jack up taxes or cut spending on the scale required to fix this problem , we may see serious social unrest .
It ’s really that big of a problem .
Which is why I remain in the inflation - camp .
For more on the effects of continued government intervention , see “ Beware Bears : More Bailouts and Inflation Loom ” .
Disclosure : No positions in any stocks mentioned .
About this Video
During the last 13 days , up to May 6 , WHO has confirmed that 25 countries are affected by the Swine flu and 31 persons have died from Swine flu .
WHO data indicates that about 60 000 persons died from TB during the same period .
By a rough comparison with the number of news reports found by Google news search , Hans Rosling calculates a News / Death ratio and issue an alert for a media hype on Swine flu and a neglect of tuberculosis .
WHO TB data available at http://apps.who.int/globalatlas/dataQuery/default.asp
WHO Swine Flu data available at http://www.who.int/csr/disease/swineflu/updates/en/index.html
In celebration of sandwich week , we look at the humble snack , which originated in Britain and has travelled widely in a quest for improvement .
What 's the world 's best ?
The people at Word of Mouth , knowing how I really , really like stuff between bread , have asked me to share my thoughts and feelings on the fact that it is apparently sandwich week , so that we may all rejoice in celebrating the humble snack .
Like so many other things , the sandwich has its roots in Britain and like so many things , we have sent it out into the world for others to do better than us .
I have travelled the world in search of great food , for my book Eat My Globe , ( available to buy here , since you 're asking ) and have been gladly treated to an array of portable snacks that lifted a palate jaded by hundreds of meals .
In Sicily , one of the last stops on the trip , I found myself by a small harbourside cafe eating a Pani Ca Meusa , an extraordinary sandwich of offal simmered in lard , served on a soft roll , sprinkled with salt and doused with lemon juice .
The sandwich is served " single " with just calf spleen or " married " to a few slices of lung meat and is easily one of the best things I have ever eaten .
Likewise in Istanbul , as I strolled at sunset by the restaurants under the Galata Bridge , I was cajoled by fisherman into trying a Balik Ekmek , literally " fish in bread " which is this case was fresh mackerel grilled and served on a crunchy roll with raw onions to cut through the oiliness of the fish .
Superb .
In India , at Bade Miyan , a famous street stall behind the blighted Taj Hotel , I stood for two hours working my way through the menu of roti and paratha stuffed with spicy vegetables , chicken , fish and mutton .
In Mexico , I made sure that every breakfast consisted of soft flour tortilla filled with slivers of crispy goat meat or strips of deep fried tripe enlivened by fiery salsas and lots of lime juice .
All memorable , but if you are looking for the best " stuff between bread " you have to turn towards the good old US of A where the sandwich has been taken to a high artform .
The pastrami sandwich at Katz 's Deli , stuffed to bursting with brined and smoked beef , served with a sour pickle .
The " make it yourself " brisket sandwich at Kreuz Market , Lockhart , Texas , the barbecue capital of the world , where slices of plain white bread are merely a vehicle to transport the smoky meat from plate to lips .
And , perhaps , best of all , the Po'Boy sandwich of New Orleans , filled with deep fried oysters , catfish or shrimp , laced with a dressing and washed down with the rather disgusting root beer .
None of this is to say that we Brits can't keep our end up even though we still seem to be enthralled with supposedly " gourmet " outlets where the sandwiches cost a small fortune , contain lists of ingredients longer than the credits of Star Wars and yet all seemingly manage to taste the same .
Last week , for the first time in years , I made a fish finger sandwich .
I had forgotten how good they could be , thick white bread , good butter , ketchup on the top , mayo on the bottom and five , yes count 'em , five crispy little strips of 100 % pure cod .
Finally , last night , I opened up a packet of bacon from Denhay Farm and made the finest sandwich of all , the bacon butty with strips of crisp , smoked back with crunchy fat , bubbling juices into the bread and brown sauce .
So , I am keen to hear about the best and worst sandwiches you may have encountered on your travels or at home and , indeed , about your own secret sandwich shame , the stuff you slam between bread when no one 's looking .
Some investors in 401 ( k ) retirement funds who are moving to grab their money are finding they can't .
Even with recent gains in stocks such as Monday's , the months of market turmoil have delivered a blow to some 401 ( k ) participants : freezing their investments in certain plans .
In some cases , individual investors can't withdraw money from certain retirement - plan options .
In other cases , employers are having trouble getting rid of risky investments in 401 ( k ) plans .
When ...
London 's cops use their anti-terrorism powers to stop and search someone every three minutes , all day and all night .
That 's a lot of potential terrorists !
I 'm sure glad they 've all been made to turn out their pockets and surrender their dignity .
That 'll show 'em !
Stupid suicide bombers .
The Metropolitan Police used section 44 of the Terrorism Act more than 170,000 times in 2008 to stop people in London .
That compares to almost 72,000 anti-terror stop and searches carried out in the previous year .
Of all the stops last year , only 65 led to arrests for terror offences , a success rate of just 0.035 % .
Note , they do n't say that there were 65 convictions , or even 65 sustained charges , just 65 arrests .
My guess is that the number of convictions in this case is approximately zero .
Which would be a success rate of 0.000 % .
Capital sees rise in terror stops
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Myanmar ’s pro-democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi is in good health and ready to defend herself against new charges that have sparked international outrage against the country ’s military rulers , her lawyer said .
Activists planned protests at Myanmar embassies around the world on Monday , when the Nobel Peace laureate faces a prison court accused of breaking the conditions of her house arrest set to expire on May 27 after six years of detention .
The American intruder who triggered the case against Suu Kyi and her two female companions by sneaking into her lakeside villa in Yangon is also expected to stand trial on several charges .
Suu Kyi’s lawyer , Kyi Win , was allowed to meet her for one hour on Saturday at a guest house inside Insein Central Prison where she was taken last Thursday .
“ She asked me to tell her friends and everyone that she is quite well , ” Kyi Win told Reuters .
“ She is ready to tell the truth that she never broke the law . ”
Police readied barricades outside the country ’s most notorious prison on Sunday , where Burmese dissidents have called for ‘ silent rallies ’ on Monday to protest against the trial .
Former student demonstrators and monks involved in 2007 street protests that were crushed by the military said in a joint statement they will “ oppose this latest atrocity using any means until Daw Aung San Suu Kyi is freed . ”
If convicted , the 63 - year - old Suu Kyi faces up to five years in jail .
Critics say the charges are aimed at keeping the charismatic opposition leader in detention ahead of the regime ’s promised multi-party elections in 2010 .
Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy ( NLD ) won a landslide election victory in 1990 only to be denied power by the military , which has ruled the former Burma since 1962 .
“ The trial is all about keeping any voices of dissent silent in the run up to rigged elections next year , ” said Zoya Phan of the Burma Campaign UK , which said demonstrations would be held at Myanmar embassies in 20 cities around the world on Monday .
The generals have detained Suu Kyi for more than 13 of the past 19 years , much of that time at her Yangon home guarded by police , her phone line cut and visitors restricted .
Suu Kyi’s doctor , Tin Myo Win , was freed late on Saturday after being detained for nine days over the incident at her home .
He had been treating her for low blood pressure and dehydration , and activists fear for Suu Kyi ’s health in prison .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
MYSTERY SWIMMER
John Yettaw , the U.S. citizen who used homemade flippers to swim to Suu Kyi’s home , has been charged with immigration violations , encouraging others to break the law and entering a restricted area .
The motives for his latest bid to meet Suu Kyi are unclear .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
Yettaw swam to her home on November 30 last year and left a copy of the Book of Mormon after she refused to see him , according to a copy of the police complaint translated by the U.S. Campaign for Burma , a pro-democracy group .
He tried again on the night of May 3 .
“ This time , Daw Aung San Suu Kyi allowed him to stay at her residence until the night of May 5 , 2009 , spoke with him and provided him food and drinks , ” the police complaint said .
Kyi Win said Suu Kyi had told Yettaw to leave , but he refused .
She did not report him to authorities because ‘ she did not want anybody to get into trouble because of her ’ , he said .
Speculation about Yettaw , described by state media as a 53 - year - old psychology student from Missouri , and his role in the latest crackdown on Suu Kyi has swirled for days in Yangon .
“ I think the regime must be behind this incident one way or another .
They do not want to free Daw Suu , ” a retired politician , using the Burmese honorific for older women , said .
The junta has so far ignored the international outcry .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has expressed ‘ grave concern ’ over the charges against Suu Kyi , but Burmese exiles and rights groups want the U.N. Security Council to act .
On Friday , U.S. President Barack Obama renewed sanctions against the military government , saying its actions and policies , including the jailing of more than 2,000 political prisoners , continued to pose a serious threat to U.S. interests .
Washington has led the West in tightening sanctions , but Asian neighbors with an eye on the country ’s rich timber , gas and mineral reserves have favored a policy of engagement .
Neither policy has succeeded in coaxing meaningful reforms from junta leader Senior General Than Shwe , who is widely believed to loathe Suu Kyi .
He has vowed to press ahead with a seven - step “ roadmap to democracy ” expected to culminate in a 2010 election that the West says is a sham to entrench the military ’s grip .
Adoptions by gays and lesbians is prohibited in Florida , the only state that explicitly targets homos ( other states ban gay adoption by limited it to married couples ) .
But what about same - sex couples who adopt children in other states , then move to Florida — are those legal adoptions no longer recognized ?
As of today ’s ruling , they will be .
NCLR : “ Today , the Florida Court of Appeals unanimously reversed a lower court ruling and held that Florida must give full faith and credit to adoptions granted to same - sex couples by other states , holding that Lara Embry , the plaintiff in the case , ‘ must be given the same rights as any other adoptive parent in Florida . ’
The court based its decision on the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the federal constitution and a Florida statute requiring Florida to honor adoption decrees from other states .
Noting that ‘ there are no public policy exceptions to the full faith and credit which is due to judgments entered in another state , ’ the court concluded that ‘ regardless of whether the trial court believed that the Washington adoption violated a clearly established public policy in Florida , it was improper for the trial court to refuse to give the Washington judgment full faith and credit . ’
A concurring opinion further noted that Embry ’s ‘ same - sex relationship with [ the other parent ] is irrelevant for the purpose of enforcing her rights and obligations as an adoptive parent . ' ”
So how ’d we even get here ?
“ The case arose when Lara Embry filed a petition seeking shared custody of a child she had raised with her former partner , Kimberly Ryan .
The couple had two children together .
Each gave birth to one child , and each adopted her non-biological child through a second - parent adoption in the state of Washington , where the family lived .
The couple moved to Florida , and their relationship ended several years later .
They agreed to share custody of both children and did so successfully until Ryan unilaterally decided to separate the children , who are deeply bonded as siblings , and cut off all contact between Embry and one of the children . ”
Meanwhile , another court case is working its way through the system that addresses Florida ’s in - state adoption ban — which has more hope of yielding a favorable outcome than the bills snaking through the legislature right now — and many expect it to make its way to the Florida Supreme Court .
Numbers may be useful for epidemiologists and insurance companies , school systems , the military , and sociology professors , but what have they to do with the fabric of our personal lives ? *
Image : Kate Gibb * I got up at 6:20 this morning , after going to bed at 12:40 am .
I woke up twice during the night .
My heart rate was 61 beats per minute , and my blood pressure , averaged over three measurements , was 127 / 74 .
My mood was a 4 on a scale of 5 .
My exercise time in the last 24 hours was 0 minutes , and my maximum heart rate during exercise was not calculated .
I consumed 400 milligrams of caffeine and 0 ounces of alcohol .
And in case you were wondering , my narcissism score is 0.31 ( more on that in a moment ) .
Numbers are making their way into the smallest crevices of our lives .
We have pedometers in the soles of our shoes and phones that can post our location as we move around town .
We can tweet what we eat into a database and subscribe to Web services that track our finances .
There are sites and programs for monitoring mood , pain , blood sugar , blood pressure , heart rate , cognitive alacrity , menstruation , and prayers .
Even sleep — a challenge to self - track , obviously , since you 're unconscious — is yielding to the skill of the widget maker .
With an accelerometer and some decent algorithms , you will soon be able to record your sleep patterns with technology that costs less than $ 100 .
All this might once have seemed like a nightmare , the kind of thing that would be proposed by Thomas Gradgrind , the schoolmaster in Charles Dickens ' Hard Times , who barks at his students by number — " Girl number twenty ! " — and blasts every person he meets with unsolicited facts and statistics .
Quantitative analysis by its very nature seems remorseless and inhuman .
Numbers may be useful for epidemiologists and insurance companies , school systems , the military , and sociology professors , but what have they to do with the fabric of our personal lives ?
To be turned from warm flesh into cold arithmetic — what a terrible thing .
As the hero of the cult TV series The Prisoner cried , " I am not a number !
I am a free man ! "
But two years ago , my fellow Wired writer Kevin Kelly and I noticed that many of our acquaintances were beginning to do this terrible thing to themselves , finding clever ways to extract streams of numbers from ordinary human activities .
A new culture of personal data was taking shape .
The immediate cause of this trend was obvious :
New tools had made self - tracking easier .
In the past , the methods of quantitative assessment were laborious and arcane .
You had to take measurements manually and record them in a log ; you had to enter data into spreadsheets and perform operations using unfriendly software ; you had to build graphs to tease understanding out of the numbers .
Now much of the data - gathering can be automated , and the record - keeping and analysis can be delegated to a host of simple Web apps .
With new tracking systems popping up almost daily , we decided to create a Web site to track them .
We called our project the Quantified Self .
We do n't have a slogan , but if we did it would probably be " Self - knowledge through numbers . "
We 're aware of how absurd this sounds .
Self - knowledge through numbers .
What could that possibly mean ?
Of course you can learn things about yourself through numbers — weight is probably the most common personal metric — but self - knowledge has connotations that go beyond quotidian facts .
" Know Thyself " was inscribed at the temple of Apollo at Delphi , held up as an ideal in Latin and Christian philosophy , and recycled by generations of advice mongers .
Self - knowledge was obtained through introspection and reflection ; that is , through words .
But there has long been a parallel method of understanding ourselves .
Athletes are among the pioneers :
With their increasingly precise and scientific training regimens , serious competitors now commonly load databases not only with their practice results but also with stats on the biological precursors of optimum performance : heart rate , diet , metabolism , and dozens of other factors .
Anywhere the goal is explicit — run faster , weigh less — the ability to plot progress is too powerful to ignore .
But the newest tools open possibilities for personal tracking in areas of life that had always seemed inaccessible to quantitative methods .
Diarists often chronicle their moods , creating a paper trail that provides a sense of mastery over fleeting emotions .
There is a problem , however , with this sort of old - fashioned journal - keeping :
You record your mood only when you 're in the mood to do so , which introduces a bias .
If you impose a regular schedule , noting your feelings at the same time every day , you face the issue that mood varies predictably with time of day and regular cycles of activity .
It might seem that we 're simply incapable of reliably tracking our own subjective states , but social scientists solved this problem years ago : Just randomize the time of inquiry .
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi and Reed Larson reported early results using such methods back in 1983 , launching a productive line of research in psychology .
At the time , of course , this was work for professionals with programmed watches .
It was n't clear how you would direct a random inquiry to yourself .
With today 's technology , such things are now trivial .
There is open source software for random experience sampling .
This feature is already embedded in tools like Happy Factor , a Facebook app that randomly pings you with a text message , to which you respond with a number indicating your happiness level .
There are protocols for measuring mental fitness that take less than five minutes to complete and provide a baseline for experiments on your brain 's agility .
The Web site CureTogether lets users log an enormous range of conditions , symptoms , and feelings .
Modern self - tracking systems can measure our bodies , our minds , and our movements .
But can they measure our narcissism ?
The question comes up often enough to require an answer .
My original impulse , after I 'd heard it three or four times , was to investigate it in the spirit of the self - tracking movement — that is , with a number .
There is a well - validated psychological test for measuring narcissism that takes only a few minutes to fill out .
I administered it to three dozen self - trackers , and the mean score was 0.38 , which is within the normal range .
But of course , that 's not a real answer , because when people ask whether self - tracking is narcissistic , they 're not wondering about clinical narcissism .
They 're wondering about selfishness , narrowness , a retreat from social engagement and social generosity into an egotistical world of self .
Oddly , though , self - tracking culture is not particularly individualistic .
In fact , there is a strong tendency among self - trackers to share data and collaborate on new ways of using it .
People monitoring their diet using Tweet What You Eat ! can take advantage of crowdsourced calorie counters ; people following their baby 's sleep pattern with Trixie Tracker can graph it against those of other children ; women watching their menstrual cycle at MyMonthly Cycles can use online tools to match their chart with others ' .
The most ambitious sites are aggregating personal data for patient - driven drug trials and medical research .
Self - trackers seem eager to contribute to our knowledge about human life .
The world is full of potential experiments : people experiencing some change in their lives , going on or off a diet , kicking an old habit , making a vow or a promise , going on vacation , switching from incandescent to fluorescent lighting , getting into a fight .
These are potential experiments , not real experiments , because typically no data is collected and no hypotheses are formed .
But with the abundance of self - tracking tools now on offer , everyday changes can become the material of careful study .
When magnifying lenses were invented , they were aimed at the cosmos .
But almost immediately we turned them around and aimed them at ourselves .
The telescope became a microscope .
We discovered blood cells .
We discovered spermatozoa .
We discovered the universe of microorganisms inside ourselves .
The accessible tools of self - tracking and numerical analysis offer a new kind of microscope with which to find patterns in the smallest unit of sociological analysis , the individual human .
But the notion of a personal microscope is n't quite right , because insight will come not just from our own numbers but from combining them with the findings of others .
Really , what we 're building is what climate scientist Jesse Ausubel calls a macroscope .
The basic idea of a macroscope is to link myriad bits of natural data into a larger , readable pattern .
This means computers on one side and distributed data - gathering on the other .
If you want to see the climate , you gather your data with hyperlocal weather stations maintained by amateurs .
If you want to see traffic , you collect info from automatic sensors placed on roadways and cars .
If you want new insights into yourself , you harness the power of countless observations of small incidents of change — incidents that used to vanish without a trace .
And if you want to test an idea about human nature in general , you aggregate those sets of individual observations into a population study .
The macroscope will be to our era of science what the telescope and the microscope were to earlier ones .
Its power will be felt even more from the new questions it provokes than from the answers it delivers .
The excitement in the self - tracking movement right now comes not just from the lure of learning things from one 's own numbers but also from the promise of contributing to a new type of knowledge , using this tool we all build .
* Contributing editor Gary Wolf *( gary@aether.com ) blogs about self - tracking at quantifiedself.com .
He wrote about the barcode of life in issue 16.10 .
Living by Numbers The Nike + Experiment : How the Shoe Giant Unleashed the Power of Personal Metrics How to Live by the Numbers : Exercise How to Live by the Numbers : Nutrition How to Live by the Numbers : Health 3 Smart Things About Sleeping Late
Baby Names Quantify the Faddishness of Fads
Jammie Thomas is heading back to court .
Thomas , who was the first file - sharing defendant to proceed all the way through a jury trial , was unable to settle her case with the music industry during negotiations yesterday .
After two hours in a courtroom , Judge Raymond Erickson ended the hearing , clearing the way for a Thomas retrial this summer .
Thomas lost her first trial and found herself on the hook for more than $ 200,000 in damages .
But the judge overseeing the case later decided that he had been wrong about one of his instructions to the jury , saying that just making a file available for download over the Internet was n't enough to prove that actual copyright infringement had taken place .
Now , with the failure of the settlement conference , the entire case is set to be litigated again in June .
Given that the RIAA says its investigators actually downloaded several files from Thomas ' computer , and that jurors the first time around perceived Thomas to be lying , this is certainly a risky gambit .
Between the Thomas case and the Joel Tenenbaum case , also due to be litigated this summer , 2009 could be a pivotal year for this sort of lawsuit , even though the RIAA says it has abandoned the mass litigation strategy that started these cases in the first place .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/11/2009
San Antonio summer : Stroll on River Walk , dine of fajitas , defend existence against Adam McManus
by Jeremy Hooper
In 2006 , San Antonio radio host Adam McManus made a bug fuss when a local grocery store chain decided to support the area 's gay pride parade .
In 2007 , he gunned for that year 's grand marshall of the parade , Police Chief William McManus ( no relation ) , suggesting that the chief only should have been there if his intention was " to arrest people for indecent exposure . "
In 2009 , he 's doing this :
1. Call San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro at 210.207.7060 to object politely to his decision to become the first Mayor in San Antonio history to serve as the Grand Marshall of the San Antonio Homosexual Pride Parade on July 4th .
( If you are having difficulty getting through , you can also call Castro 's Chief of Staff Robbie Greenblum at 210.207.7067 )
2. Send Mayor Julian Castro a polite e-mail objecting to his decision to serve as Grand Marshall in the Homosexual pride Parade on July 4th :
And cc the following people on his immediate staff : [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] , [ email protected ]
3. Send Mayor Julian Castro a polite letter objecting to his decision to serve as Grand Marshall in the Homosexual pride Parade on July 4th : : Mayor Julian Castro , P.O. Box 839966 , San Antonio , TX 78283 .
4. E-mail me at ACTION STEPS FOR ADAM'S ARMY :1. Call San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro at 210.207.7060 to object politely to his decision to become the first Mayor in San Antonio history to serve as the Grand Marshall of the San Antonio Homosexual Pride Parade on July 4th .
( If you are having difficulty getting through , you can also call Castro 's Chief of Staff Robbie Greenblum at 210.207.7067 ) 2.
Send Mayor Julian Castro a polite e-mail objecting to his decision to serve as Grand Marshall in the Homosexual pride Parade on July 4th : [ email protected ]
And cc the following people on his immediate staff : [ email protected ]
3 . Send Mayor Julian Castro a polite letter objecting to his decision to serve as Grand Marshall in the Homosexual pride Parade on July 4th : : Mayor Julian Castro , P.O. Box 839966 , San Antonio , TX 78283.4 .
E - mail me at [ email protected ] and let me know if you made the phone call or e-mailed San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro .
Adam McManus Show [ KSLR ]
( H/t : J.M.G. )
So you heard him , peeps : You too should probably Contact Mayor Castro .
But of course we will THANK HIM for supporting the local LGBT community , and for standing against those whose yearly pride obsessions are as annoying as they are peculiar .
Then feel free to email Adam as well .
Tell him that condemning gays is not like watermelon or wearing white : Summer will go on without this particular rite of passage !
Your thoughts
I 'm jealous of all the attention .
Our mayor gave us a proclamation and no one got upset .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Jun 11 , 2009 6:33:15 PM
Do they really cal it the Homosexual Pride Parade ?
Posted by : Bearchewtoy75 | Jun 11 , 2009 6:36:56 PM
All done EMAILS out to all except bigots .
Thanking them for supporting Gays , Allies , Friends , Co Workers , Employers , and Parents , Children , Siblings and Cousins of Gays !
Posted by : LOrion | Jun 11 , 2009 10:18:36 PM
I sent my e-mail in to the Mayor !
Posted by : Ezra Horne | Jun 11 , 2009 11:43:45 PM
@ Bearchewtoy75
It is actually called the San Antonio Gay Pride Parade mcmanus just added the homosexual as his own form of scare quotes .
Posted by : Kitt | Jun 12 , 2009 12:57:02 AM
McManus is a perpetual embarrassment to San Antonio .
He has a nice list of his positions to his web site , pretty extensive lists of hate .
But what really shocked me was to find that two of his SPONSORS are businesses that I frequent .
That will stop right now !
They are - INDIA PALACE on Fredricksburg Road and Too Good To Be Threw second hand stores all over town .
I also sometimes buy Promise Land Dairy Cream - No more .
McManus regularly harasses businesses that support GLBT events .
Why not do the same for his radio station 's supporters ?
Especially Indian Palace and the 2nd Hand stores .
They both have many GLBT customers and sympathizers that would stop shopping there
Posted by : MAX FRISSON | Jun 12 , 2009 9:14:45 AM
MAX I hope you sent in a LTE to local paper or something like that announcing these great civil disobedience tactics .
Hotel in San Diego is still having cancellations from supporting Prop H8 .
Support hate and bigotry and just see where it will get you .
The good old American BUYCOTT !
Posted by : LOrion | Jun 12 , 2009 11:50:06 AM
hah !
that 's great he provided us with all the contact info we needed to show our support of the mayor !
I forwarded a copy of that email to Adam , just to show my appreciation for doing all that work to find addresses , emails , and phone numbers .
LOL
Posted by : keltic | Jun 12 , 2009 12:50:35 PM
" Adam 's Army " ?
What an enormous ego to cram into such a confined skull .
Posted by : Baldran | Jun 12 , 2009 12:55:00 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
What will happen if you put your cellphone inside the microwave ?
Posted by Sherwin
Japanese certainly are expert in good looking and cute handwriting style fonts .
So , since I wrote about this post a while back , I think it ’s time to go hunt for more free Japanese fonts , and the finding was good .
I found these 12 really nice handwriting style fonts that are free to use !
Banzai !
All these 12 Japanese handwriting fonts here are able to write in Hiragana , Katakana , Kanji , as well as Romaji characters and Numbers .
There is one even can perform emoji too .
So , the font files are quite huge .
As usual , I will give you a screenshot of the fonts , as well as the link to the original page and a download link .
Many of the fonts are zipped and some of them are zipped in .lzh format .
I recommend to use WinRAR to extract it .
Here we go .
Japanese handwriting style fonts ( 日本手書き風フォン ト )
Aqua Font – Link | Download
Elmer Font – Link | Download
GN 12 dot bitmap – Link | Download
Honya – Link | Download
Mikachan – Link | Download
S2G P Tsuki font Ver1.51 – Link | Download
S2G P Nagurigaki Ver1.6 – Link | Download
Reiko Font – Link | Download
S2G Love Ver1.6 – Link | Download
Sanafon Kaku – Link | Download
S2G P Umi font Ver1.6 – Link | Download
TA Bimyoutai ( TA微妙体 ) – Link | Download
Instruction :
In order to use this font , assuming you are using Windows XP , you need to have Asian text languages and input text installed into your machine .
Then you can go to Control Panel and double click Regional and Language Options .
Then click the Languages tab and click the Details button .
In the Settings panel , click Add , then find and select the Japanese Input Languages and click “ Ok ” .
Now , Japanese input is in your input panel .
Now , you can type Japanese characters in MS Words , Photoshop etc by selecting the “ JP ” at the Language Toolbar .
Credit : Akibatec.net
Winter thoughts have faded , brown gray hues given way to the lush green of the mountains .
Wildlife , asleep for so long , it seems , make their way through springtime , establishing and re-establishing routine and rituals .
Bird song flourishes .
Forsythias end their introduction to the season .
Nature is busy .
Always a surprise , the mountain laurel makes its debut this poetically perfect morning , decorating the forest realm with rose white crown jewels .
Clusters of delicate flowers define the sturdy bush and I am in love .
Mountain laurel 's common name is kalmia latifolia and its other botanical name is calico bush .
This evergreen shrub prefers soil that is well - drained or clay .
It does well in full shade , actually prefers it .
The leaves are poisonous but the flowers attract birds and butterflies .
The mountain laurel is closely related to the azalea and rhododendron and all three belong to the heath family .
The glossy deep green leaves give life to the forest in every season .
Mountain laurel can be grown in zones 5 - 9 .
It is best to buy the plant as they do not transplant well .
Their speckled flowers range in color from white to pink .
Using pine needles and wood chips as mulch is recommended as they keep the soil acidic and help retain some of the moisture the plant needs .
Mountain laurel does not have to be pruned but deadheading the spent flowers encourages more blooms .
Mountain laurel is great as an accent plant in any mountain landscape .
It is low maintenance and serves well as a border or informal hedge in a natural setting .
It can be effective in soil erosion and water runoff on steeper land .
Planting mountain laurel in clumps or thickets provides a year round haven of protection and cover for wildlife .
Types of Mountain Laurel -
White cultivars -
This white to light pink species is usually grown from wild - collected seed .
It has names like White mountain , Snowdrift and Silver Dollar .
Pink cultivars -
These flowering cultivars are often chosen for the intensity and vividness of their color .
Names include Pink Charm and Twenty .
Red cultivars -
The dark red buds of this type of laurel are truly beautiful .
The interiors may be a lighter red or dark pink .
Some names are Olympic Fire and Carol .
Because the leaves of the mountain laurel are toxic , it is said that Native Americans of yore used it as a death potion .
Young , broken - hearted Indian maidens would eat the leaves because they no longer wanted to live without the one they loved .
The fresh root was used by Native Americans to carve spoons because the root would dry into the shape of a spoon .
Of course now Laurel is a popular name for a girl .
She must be lovely for her namesake surely is .
Several states honor the mountain laurel with a festival .
In May , Pineville , Kentucky goes all out to celebrate its beauty .
It is the oldest festival of its kind .
Clarkesville , Georgia has a similar festival .
There 's something about those little rosy blossoms that garners hope for the abundant summer it seems to foretell .
The mountain laurel inspires the musical muse as well .
From Bluegrass , to Celtic , to Folk , musicians have chosen to name their bands after the forest beauty .
All in all , it 's made quite an impression .
And it 's easy to fall in love .
http://www.blarneystone.com/smiths/mlaurel/index.htm
http://themountainlaurels.com/
… but , on the other hand , IFC ’s “ The Wrong Door ” is all right
Proof positive of the “ you win some , you lose some ” scenario , IFC has added “ The Wrong Door ” to its lineup , and unlike “ Food Party , ” it actually is pretty damned funny .
You can possibly chalk a certain amount of that up to the fact that the sketch comedy series originally aired on BBC
Three ( everyone knows that comedy is 64 % funnier when delivered in a British accent ) , but come June 9th at 11:30 PM EST , you ’ll be able to determine for yourself if it ’s just my Anglophile tendencies that are making me laugh .
Or , of course , you could just check out a couple of clips :
And while this last one is sanctioned neither by BCC
Three nor IFC , allow me to nontheless steer you toward this sketch about the inherent dangers of buying a star in someone ’s name , which someone has kindly posted for your viewing enjoyment :
Sci -fi aficionados will hear that the producers have borrowed the theme from “ Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , ” but most of you will just be thinking , “ Holy crap , whoever heard of a sketch comedy series with these kinds of production values ? ”
Yep , “ The Wrong Door ” looks great …and , even better , it ’s actually quite funny .
Sadly , there are only a half - dozen episodes , but the two I ’ve screened left me chomping at the bit to see the other four .
Commons Picture of the Year 2008 # 1 – 74 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Other animals # 1 – 260 votes in Round 1 ; Horses on Bianditz mountain , Spain .
Behind them Aya Peaks can be seen .
Credit : Mikel Ortega
Edited by Richard Bartz . .
# 2 – 71 votes in Round 2 ; Category - People and human activities # 1 – 225 votes in Round 1 ; Fire breathing " Jaipur Maharaja Brass Band " in Chassepierre , Belgium .
Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour .
# 3 – 46 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 1 – 170 votes in Round 1 ; Steam locomotives of the Chicago & Northwestern Railway in the roundhouse at the Chicago , Illinois rail yards in 1942 .
Credit : Jack Delano ( photograph )
Durova ( restoration ) .
# 4 – 45 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Nature views # 3 – 167 votes in Round 1 ; Crepuscular rays , taken at Stow Lake in Golden Gate Park , San Francisco .
Credit : Wikimedian Mila Zinkova .
# 5 – 35 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 3 – 153 votes in Round 1 ; Hong Kong night skyline .
Taken from Lugard Road at Victoria Peak .
Credit : Wikimedian Base64
Edited by CarolSpears .
# 6 – 30 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 2 – 169 votes in Round 1 ; View over Paris , at dusk , from the Maine - Montparnasse tower .
Credit : Wikimedian Benh LIEU SONG .
# 7 – 27 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Non-photographic art and historic maps # 1 – 98 votes in Round 1 ; Drawing of a revealing figure Sythatia with typical elements from manga and anime to illustrate the term ecchi .
Credit : Wikimedian Niabot .
# 8 – 19 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Other animals # 3 – 143 votes in Round 1 ; Green turtle , Chelonia mydas , and his total internal reflection Credit : Wikimedian Mila Zinkova .
# 8 – 19 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 2 – 142 votes in Round 1 ; Animated Gif of a Cicada ( Tibicen sp. ) Molting .
Taken by T. Nathan Mundhenk , in Centerville , Ohio USA July 30 2007 .
Each frame taken at 1 minute intervals .
30 minute gap in middle while cicada rested .
The Cicada takes about 2 hours to complete the process .
Credit : Wikimedian T. Nathan Mundhenk
Edited by CarolSpears .
# 8 – 19 votes in Round 2 ; Category - People and human activities # 2 – 129 votes in Round 1 ; Destitute pea pickers in California , mother of seven children , age thirty - two , in the 1930s .
Credit : Dorothea Lange ( photograph )
Durova ( restoration ) .
# 9 – 18 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 8 – 72 votes in Round 1 ; Snipe fly ( Rhagio scolopaceus ) Credit : Wikimedian Richard Bartz .
# 10 – 17 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 4 – 155 votes in Round 1 ; Opera House of Paris , the Palais garnier 's grand salon .
Credit : Wikimedian Eric Pouhier
Edited by Rainer Zenz , Niabot .
# 10 – 17 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 7 – 133 votes in Round 1 ; Gordon Dam , Southwest National Park , Tasmania , Australia Credit : Wikimedian Noodle snacks .
# 11 – 15 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 3 – 161 votes in Round 1 ; A fire in Massueville , Quebec , Canada .
Credit : Wikimedian Sylvain Pedneault .
# 11 – 15 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Nature views # 1 – 184 votes in Round 1 ; Arching fountain of a Pahoehoe approximately 10 m high issuing from the western end of the 0740 vents , a series of spatter cones 170 m long , south of Pu‘u Kahaualea .
Episodes 2 and 3 were characterized by spatter and cinder cones , such as Pu‘u Halulu , which was 60 m high by episode 3 . Credit : J.D. Griggs
Edited by Mbz1 .
# 12 – 14 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 4 – 123 votes in Round 1 ; Head of a fly ( Caliphrodae ) Credit : Wikimedian Richard Bartz .
# 13 – 13 votes in Round 2 ; Category - People and human activities # 3 – 127 votes in Round 1 ; A New York City fireman calls for 10 more rescue workers to make their way into the rubble of the World Trade Center ( Text by U.S. Navy ) Credit : Preston Keres .
# 13 – 13 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Nature views # 2 – 174 votes in Round 1 ; Officially known as Mount John Laurie , Yamnuska is the popular name for this mountain in Kananaskis Country west of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Credit : Wikimedian Chuck Szmurlo .
# 13 – 13 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Nature views # 4 – 141 votes in Round 1 ;
This image of an ice wall and the ocean floor at Explorer 's Cover , New Harbor , McMurdo Sound is adjacent to remote - controlled photographic equipment .
An underwater camera is connected by cable to onshore facilities , which upload images to the Internet via radio signals .
main visible species :
the antarctic scallop ( Adamussium colbecki )
the common antarctic sea urchin ( Sterechinus neumayeri )
a stalk - like bush sponge ( Homaxinella balfourensis )
a brittlestar ( Ophionotus victoriae )
seaspiders ( Colossendeis sp. ) Credit : Steve Clabuesch
Edited by Lycaon .
# 14 – 12 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Objects and outer space # 1 – 173 votes in Round 1 ; Reflection in a soap bubble Credit : Wikimedian Mila Zinkova
Edited by Alvesgaspar .
# 14 – 12 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Objects and outer space # 4 – 106 votes in Round 1 ; The Whirlpool Galaxy ( Spiral Galaxy M51 , NGC 5194 ) is a classic spiral galaxy located in the Canes Venatici constellation .
Credit : NASA and European Space Agency .
# 14 – 12 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Other animals # 2 – 150 votes in Round 1 ; " Synchiropus splendidus " Mandarinfish in aquarium - Muséum Liège ( Belgium ) Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour .
# 15 – 11 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 2 – 168 votes in Round 1 ; Château de Chenonceau , Indre-et - Loire , France Credit : Wikimedian Ra-smit
Edited by Caspian blue .
# 15 – 11 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 3 – 134 votes in Round 1 ; Giant leopard moth ( Hypercompe scribonia ) found at 1 AM near a light bulb in Newport News , Virginia .
Credit : Wikimedian Kevincollins 123 .
# 16 – 10 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Plants and fungi # 2 – 106 votes in Round 1 ; Wild daffodil ( Narcissus pseudonarcissus ) .
Credit : Wikimedian Martin Hirtreiter .
# 17 – 9 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 4 – 153 votes in Round 1 ; The Horseshoe Bend of the Colorado River .
Credit : Wikimedian Christian Mehlführer .
400px
# 17 – 9 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Birds # 2 – 116 votes in Round 1 ; A Emperor Penguin dives into the water somewhere in Antarctica .
Credit : Glenn Grant .
# 18 – 8 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Birds # 3 – 96 votes in Round 1 ; Blue Tit , ( Cyanistes caeruleus )
It 's an image in " contre - jour " ( against the light ) .
The sun is lightening the front of the bird .
I work with " raw " to lighten the darker parts of the " contre - jour " Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour .
# 18 – 8 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Plants and fungi # 4 – 81 votes in Round 1 ; Some European Larches ( Larix decidua ) at dusk on the Siusi alp , South Tyrol , Italy near the Sassolungo range Credit : Wikimedian Llorenzi .
# 18 – 8 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 1 – 171 votes in Round 1 ; Electron scan micrography of Aceria anthocoptes .
Original caption reads : " The Rust Mite ( Aceria anthocoptes ) , a potential biological control agent of the weed , Canada Thistle .
Magnified 1,400X . ( LTSEM ) Plate # 26873 .
Courtesy , Erbe , Pooley : USDA , ARS , EMU . "
Credit : Erbe , Pooley
Edited by Lycaon .
# 19 – 6 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 1 – 181 votes in Round 1 ; Blasting of a chimney at the former Henninger brewery in Frankfurt am Main , Germany , Sachsenhausen .
Credit : Wikimedian Heptagon .
# 20 – 5 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Emblems & Diagrams # 3 – 118 votes in Round 1 ; Wrist and hand deeper palmar dissection Credit : Wikimedian The Photographer .
# 20 – 5 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 5 – 152 votes in Round 1 ; Escalators at a Copenhagen Metro station .
Credit : Stig Nygaard
Edited by Lycaon .
# 20 – 5 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 6 – 131 votes in Round 1 ; Panorama of the mountains along the Ulvikfjord , a side arm of the Hardangerfjord in Western Norway .
Credit : Wikimedian Aqwis .
# 21 – 4 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Emblems & Diagrams # 1 – 133 votes in Round 1 ; A 3D projection of a four - dimensional hypercube performing a simple rotation about a plane which bisects the figure from front - left to back - right and top to bottom .
Credit : Wikimedian JasonHise .
# 21 – 4 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Panoramas # 4 – 153 votes in Round 1 ; A multi segment panoramic image of the London skyline from the Bermondsey banks of the Thames .
Taken by myself with a Canon 5D and 70 - 200 mm f/2.8L lens .
Credit : Wikimedian Diliff .
# 21 – 4 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Birds # 1 – 119 votes in Round 1 ; Green Violet - ear , ( Colibri thalassinus ) Credit : Wikimedian Mdf
Edited by Laitche .
# 22 – 3 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Emblems & Diagrams # 2 – 124 votes in Round 1 ; Animation of a simple constant - velocity joint .
Credit : Wikimedian Pwld .
# 22 – 3 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Objects and outer space # 3 – 117 votes in Round 1 ; A pyrotechnics stunt exhibition by " Giant Auto Rodéo " Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour .
# 22 – 3 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Cities , architecture , constructions , and related # 6 – 138 votes in Round 1 ; The Walt Disney Concert Hall , home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic , features an acoustically superior auditorium paneled in hardwood .
Credit : Carol M. Highsmith .
# 22 – 3 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Plants and fungi # 4 – 81 votes in Round 1 ; Dew on grass Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour .
# 22 – 3 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 7 – 76 votes in Round 1 ; Photograph of a female Eastern tiger swallowtail ( Papilio glaucus en ) feeding on the nectar of the Mexican Sunflower .
The picture was taken in Aston Township , Pennsylvania .
Credit : Wikimedian Derek Ramsey .
# 23 – 2 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Non-photographic art and historic maps # 2 – 90 votes in Round 1 ; " Studies of Embryos " by Leonardo da Vinci ( Pen over red chalk 1510 - 1513 ) Credit : Wikimedian Luc Viatour
( Original drawing : Leonardo da Vinci ) .
# 23 – 2 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Objects and outer space # 2 – 127 votes in Round 1 ;
The tall ship Irving Johnson lies hard aground , only yards from shore , near the entrance to Channel Islands Harbor , Oxnard , California , March 2005 .
Credit : Mike Brodey
Edited by Massimo Catarinella .
# 23 – 2 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 5 – 91 votes in Round 1 ; " Platycryptus undatus " .
A 9 millimeter - long female jumping spider found in Newport News , Virginia .
The lens setup utilized was a Nikon 50 mm f/1.4D reverse mounted on a Nikon 70 - 300 mm f/4-5.6G . 13 images of variable focus were captured and composited in CombineZM , a focus stacking program .
Credit : Wikimedian Kevincollins 123 .
# 23 – 2 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Arthropods # 6 – 87 votes in Round 1 ; Eastern Lubber Grasshopper ( Romalea microptera ) Credit : Wikimedian Tomfriedel .
# 24 – 1 votes in Round 2 ; Category - Plants and fungi # 1 – 108 votes in Round 1 ; An Osteospermum en cultivar Credit : Wikimedian Derek Ramsey .
I want sex now !
Reply
Thread
Link
With teeth ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
With someone with teeth !
Nothing wrong with a bit of nibbling .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
omg me too
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
the name stephen moyer always looks like stoponie moyor to me
like the gotham speak or whatever
Reply
Thread
Link
ikr every time I see it I 'm like uhh they misspelled her name .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL OMG i so agree with you
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
yeah I always think he 's a frond
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
you do n't even really need to shrink his eyes or mouth ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
IKR !
like woll smoth lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
mte
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I did n't even notice until you pointed it out .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
this is exactly what i thought
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Obligatory for every RPattz post .
omg wat an unfortunate body type
reminds me of when i met this italian guy with a really fine face , but then i hugged him and felt his breasts press up against mine like a cold window pane pressing up against a lonely virgin 's stiff nipples .
i stand there motionless as he caresses my hot ass , and stick two of his fingers into my cave of fertility .
he says to me , " take these two fingers in your pussy , you little slut . "
frightened , i try to let out a cry for help .
before i could do so , his heavy throbbing hand clasps my mouth , and i am silence .
he moves me to the ground and makes love to me .
i could feel the weight of his testicles pounding against my asshole like some heavy doorknocker .
i scream in agony as his fleshy
http://community.livejournal.com/ohnotheydidnt/36347925.html#cutid1
omg wat an unfortunate body typereminds me of when i met this italian guy with a really fine face , but then i hugged him and felt his breasts press up against mine like a cold window pane pressing up against a lonely virgin 's stiff nipples .
i stand there motionless as he caresses my hot ass , and stick two of his fingers into my cave of fertility .
he says to me , " take these two fingers in your pussy , you little slut . " frightened , i try to let out a cry for help .
before i could do so , his heavy throbbing hand clasps my mouth , and i am silence .
he moves me to the ground and makes love to me .
i could feel the weight of his testicles pounding against my asshole like some heavy doorknocker .
i scream in agony as his fleshy
Reply
Thread
Link
wat
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lmao i love this
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
yeah thats pretty much my reaction
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL !!!
My feelings exactly .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
im not sure whats going on
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
wtf
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
what
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
like someone said in that post , what a random comment
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Er ... I have no idea what LMAO wtf ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I will seriously post this as long as it's funny to me .
Y'all beware .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I LAUGHED SO HARD I CRIED
OMG LOLOLOLOLOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
hahahahhahaha
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
your comment has happened before .
stop it !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
LOL OMG , BRB DYING !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol
I miss the old posts of sergentquackers ( I believe it was ) read Jonas fanfiction .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
oh jesus
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Into my cave of fertility .
Into my cave of fertility .
Into my cave of fertility .
Into my cave of fertility .
Into my cave of fertility .
Into my cave of fertility .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
it is SO weird watching their sex scenes .
i feel like i'm intruding and i fast forward through them .
eric / sookie plz
Reply
Thread
Link
IKR ?
I get second hand embarrassment from it or something .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too , i could not watch the one in the premier , too creepy .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i feel the exact same way
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
same here !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
all they do is fight , too !
im so sick of it
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I ran away from True Blood forever after I saw their first sex scene together .
* shudders *
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lolol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Mormons
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Mte. Everytime I see it I get confused .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i like this show , but it 's pretty much just like twilight
Reply
Thread
Link
remember that these books were written before twilight , so you can guess where stephenie got her ~inspiration from ... dream my ass .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ugh , steph meyer is such a hack
have you read the books that the show is based on ?
i've been wondering if they 're any good ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
mte .
I was watching True Blood and I was like , " ...uhhh .... " and I had to go look up when the books were written .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I think it 's funny because when I was reading Twilight I was like " Okay ...
Edward can hear everyone 's thoughts but Bella's ... and in True Blood Sookie can hear everyone thoughts but Bill's ... Jacob Black turns into a werewolf ...
Sam Merlotte changes into a dog . "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Twilight is basically True Blood +
Roswell
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
are you kidding , it 's nothing like Twilight !
You must have not given the show enough of a chance .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
agreed .
i just started watching it , im 7 episodes in and thinking of stopping just because it is so much like twilight .
i dunno its not as good as everyone has been saying .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
No way , because : LAFAYETTE .
And Eric , granted .
I mean this show could have monkeys swinging from chandeliers in the other parts , and it STILL beats the shit out of Twatlight .
It just does n't look as constipated as Twatlight and it does n't take itself as seriously , plus it contains sex and lots of it .
The advantages are obvious .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
wha ?!
sex , death , sunlight = death , shape shifters , Vamp blood addiction , vamps being out in the open ...
how is this like Twilight ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Waaaaiiit , Anna and Stephen are together IRL ?
I did n't know that .
Reply
Thread
Link
I think he said they 've been dating for two years
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
wouldve been much better if you didnt know
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WHOOOOOOOOOO ILU STEPHEN MOYER
Reply
Thread
Link
well they both make fugly vampires
Reply
Thread
Link
honestly .... twatlight fangirls will be all up in his ass for this shit lol .
but really now ..... he's about as good an actor as RPazz ( which is shit ) .... he should n't be talking .
and no , i do n't want that ugly old man to bite me , thanks ....
Edited at 2009 - 06 - 24 06:45 am ( UTC )
Reply
Thread
Link
HDU
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol which part are you HUDing me about ??
you 've gotta be specific here , i think i insulted a few fandoms in that one comment lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Stephen Moyer IRL is a lot better looking than he appears on the show .
And his real accent is darling !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i just started watching true blood a two days ago and omg , it 's crack .
i love it .
Reply
Thread
Link
i have a Season 1 downloaded and havent started watchint it yet
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i was getting into it but the accents are so annoying
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
i started watching it last night and it 's satisfying in all the ways that twilight could never be .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
you took the words right out of my mouth :)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LOL @ THE TITLE .
Reply
Thread
Link
I like him a little more each time he does an interview .
Reply
Thread
Link
Same here , he 's so cheeky and charming .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
needs more eric
Reply
Thread
Link
Here they are , the top 10 aquascapes in this year 's ADA Aquatic Plants Layout Contest .
Click on the images for a larger version .
I must say , there are some absolutely stunning aquascapes in this bunch .
Several are quite unique too , including position 1 and a really really long aquascape in position 7 .
I 'll be posting some more tanks later .
Enjoy !
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
6th
7th 8th 9th 10th
YouTube is the latest target for pranksters looking to amuse themselves .
Today , May 20 , has been deemed " Porn Day " by denizens of 4 chan ? and eBaum 's World , with an organized group of users from the sites uploading video clips of explicit , adult content en masse in an attempt to overwhelm the search results .
In actuality , it appears that content was prematurely uploaded on the afternoon of the 19th .?
YouTube has already taken some steps to fight back , but it 's disturbingly easy to find stuff you really do n't want to see , and the uploaders are changing tactics .
As one might expect , the pornographic clips are being uploaded without any indication that they 're for adult eyes only , making them easy to happen upon by casual searchers .
As the upload - fest has progressed , users are also uploading what seems to be legitimate content , but is in fact a porn video that simply has 20 - 30 seconds of non-porn content ( a newscast , an interview ) at the beginning .
YouTube , for its part , has been fast to remove the video clips for violations of the site 's terms of use , but we are still able to find porn videos posted a few hours ago .
Even those that are found and removed leave porn residue , since ?
the XXX - rated videos are still showing up in searches and their explicit thumbnails remain in plain view for anyone to see .?
Nobody who witnessed this epic ­outpouring of emotion could be left in any doubt as to how desperate Rangers had become to reclaim the title .
Euphoric scenes , which absorbed four years of the Ibrox side 's frustration , greeted this definitive victory .
Rangers are champions again , for the 52nd time in their history ; few of their previous triumphs can surely have prompted such visions of relief .
Celtic 's home meeting with Hearts proved irrelevant .
A canter on Tayside earned Rangers their first league flag since 2005 and the financial bounty from automatic qualification for next season 's Champions League which is so welcome in these troubled financial times .
Two men savoured these moments more than any other .
Walter Smith , who has overseen such an impressive recovery since beginning his second spell in charge during January 2007 , has managed a team which overhauled a seven - point deficit to Celtic from the turn of this year .
The 61 - year - old walked off the Tannadice pitch alone and with trophy in hand , his raised fist gestures conjuring presidential connotations .
He is a likeable old cove , is Walter , few would grudge him this moment in the sun .
Smith had spent two - and - a - half years out of football , as recently as 2004 he was one of the game 's unwanted men .
" I can't remember a season where we have had so many difficulties to overcome , " said the manager .
Smith was cloudy over his future although that , given the circumstances , may owe more to modesty than uncertainty .
" We have a financial situation at the club so it was important to win the ­championship .
We will sit down , the chairman and I , and chat .
That 's where we are at the moment . "
And then there is Barry Ferguson .
The deposed Rangers captain , who may well head for England in the close season , hardly helped his team 's title bid with the nonsense he and Allan McGregor became embroiled in while on international duty in April , when they made two - fingered gestures to television cameras during a World Cup qualifier against Iceland .
Yet Ferguson played a cameo role in this success , appearing for the closing 17 minutes and later lifted the SPL trophy alongside the man who took his armband , David Weir .
If this is indeed to be the penultimate sight of Ferguson in a Rangers shirt — there is the Scottish Cup final to come on Saturday — he can at least savour yesterday 's return to prominence .
" Barry was our captain for about 30 games this season , " Weir said .
" I would n't have felt right lifting the trophy myself .
I was happy to share it with him , he deserves it . "
Ferguson stressed he wants to remain an Ibrox player .
" Rangers are my team , " said the midfielder .
" I made a mistake and I 'll learn from that .
But for now , I just want to go and enjoy the night . "
For the neutral , this game was at times as amusing as dramatic .
Hitherto unheralded players such as Sasa Papac had their names chanted by thousands of ­blue - clad punters .
The stoic Bosnian full - back turned conductor at one point and almost , but only almost , managed a smile .
Thereafter every backroom staff member on the payroll and players even the Rangers fans might have forgotten about joined in the on - field cavorting .
The Celtic striker Georgios Samaras , who had said Smith 's team would not be deserving champions , was also left in ­little doubt over what he could do with his opinions .
" There will probably be a few people at Celtic who are disappointed with his ­comments , " added Weir .
" We answered every question in the right way .
No matter what anyone says , we have been the best team this season . "
Given that Rangers had not won at Tannadice since April 2006 and that they had to earn three points to guarantee the title , it was widely assumed this was a fixture fraught with danger .
That notion had been banished by half - time , the visitors ­swatting United aside .
Kyle Lafferty , who had endured a torrid week on account of his remarkable ­play - acting antics against Aberdeen , decided to create headlines for the right reasons .
Kris Boyd had miscued the shot which fell at the Northern Ireland international 's feet but it mattered not , Lafferty prodding home from close range .
With only six minutes of the fixture gone , it was party time for the visiting hordes .
Boyd was denied a quick second by Mihael Kovacevic 's superb goal - line header but Pedro Mendes was more fortunate on the stroke of half - time .
The Portuguese midfielder , who enjoyed one of his better afternoons of the season , slotted beyond Lukasz Zaluska after United failed to properly clear a Papac free - kick .
Boyd ensured there was to be no United revival seven minutes after the interval by converting a fine Steven Whittaker cross .
It was a costly defeat for Craig Levein 's team , who in finishing fifth were pipped to a Europa League qualifying place by Aberdeen .
This was Rangers ' day and , financially , their salvation .
Man of the match
Pedro Mendes has been accused of flitting in and out of games this season but the Rangers midfielder was at his dominant best at Tannadice .
Best moment :
The act of composure in scoring Rangers ' second goal was decisive not only in settling this game but dousing any hopes Celtic may have had of ­overhauling their great rivals .
Man of the match Pedro Mendes ( Rangers )
As a Catholic who is also a firm believer in reincarnation , I do not think that our final resting place is a hole in the ground at a plot in a cemetery -- and yet I have always been drawn to these locations .
Maybe it 's the ghost hunter in me , but I can spend hours treading through the sprawling sites , battling bugs and soft spots , stooping down to read the inscriptions .
Usually , you will learn the basics : the person 's name , date of birth , date of death , perhaps who they are survived by or buried with .
On some of the older headstones , the epitaphs try to tell a story about the individual they represent , using poems and verses to gently lay the body to rest .
Unfortunately , many of the markers used back in the 1800s were made of marble , which wears and dissolves over time , rendering the inscriptions unreadable .
Sometimes if you attempt a rubbing ( a method of reproducing the texture of the gravestone epitaph by placing a piece of paper over the surface and rubbing lightly with a pencil or charcoal ) you can make out what they say .
Other times , you are left to wonder what words these people , or the ones who loved them , chose as their very last .
Most of the gravestones are either simple ( and a little boring ) or heartbreaking .
There is n't much that can be said about a man named William Archer who lived from 1847 to 1912 and is buried next to his wife , who was born in 1850 and died in 1914 .
He lived a long life , and since there are no further details , one can only assume that his passing was uneventful .
Hopefully he died peacefully in his sleep .
Other stones , particularly those belonging to babies ( which you see a lot of from the 1800s ) will quite simply break your heart in half .
Just this past weekend my mother and I were investigating a Baptist cemetery in our hometown when we came across the grave of a husband and wife who were buried with their five children .
Not one of the children lived past the age of five .
In fact , the mother herself died less than a year after the death of her last daughter , in 1803 -- probably of a broken heart .
In our travels we have also seen the wife of a reverend who died at the age of 12 , a family of four children who all died on the same day in the mid-1800s , a mother and daughter , Rhonda and Rhoda , who both passed during childbirth when Rhonda was only sixteen , and countless others .
It is tragic to think of the mortality rate of the previous centuries , when babies died from asthma attacks and the common cold could wipe out an entire neighborhood simply because they did n't have the medicine and technology we take for granted today .
Then you have the headstones that make you pause and say , " Wait ... what ? ! "
The ones with strange epitaphs , ridiculous poems and weird carvings .
It 's always refreshing to come across one of these , to spot a beacon of light among a sea of decaying , depressing stones .
And it 's nice to see that a good sense of humor can carry over into the great beyond .
The glass nano - devices can push objects 1000 times their own size ( Image : 2009 American Chemical Society )
REMOTE -CONTROLLED
nano - devices that look like sperm but mimic the corkscrew motion of flagella may one day deliver drugs to where they are needed in the body .
Flagella are the structures some bacteria use to swim through water .
Because water is syrupy at small scales , ordinary swimming motions do n’t work well .
“ Picture trying to swim in a pool of asphalt on a hot summer ’s day , ” says Peer Fischer of The Rowland Institute at Harvard University .
Instead , flagella use a corkscrew motion to drive bacteria …
More on Palm’s WebOS ‘ Media Sync ’
In yesterday ’s piece on Palm ’s WebOS “ media sync ” iTunes integration I mostly avoided the legal aspects .
When I say that the WebOS media sync feature is not “ legit ” , I mean that it is not supported by Apple , not something Apple intends for third - parties to do , and ( if Jon Lech Johansen ’s theory is correct ) a violation of the USB specification .
But is it illegal ?
And would it be illegal for Apple to take countermeasures against it ?
My guess is “ no ” to both questions .
WebOS ’s media sync is clearly a hack , but hacks generally do n’t violate any laws .
I ’m not a lawyer and I ’m not an expert on the DMCA , but I do n’t see how masquerading as an Apple iPod over USB would violate it .
If Palm were doing something to strip DRM from music or video files , that would be another story .
But they ’re not .
Legality aside , is Palm doing anything wrong in a moral sense ?
Matthew Paul Thomas , on Twitter here and here , draws the analogy between WebOS masquerading as an iPod via USB and Safari masquerading as “ Gecko ” via its HTTP user - agent string so as to identify itself as being compatible with certain poorly - coded web sites .
That ’s an interesting analogy , but there are differences , including that Safari ’s complete user - agent string still uniquely and honestly identifies it as Safari .
Safari and other WebKit - based browsers such as Chrome include the word “ gecko ” in their user - agent strings on the assumption that web sites that look for “ gecko ” in the UA string do so not because they ’re trying to serve specific content only to actual Gecko - based browsers , but because they ’re trying to serve specific content only to browsers with Gecko - like rendering features .
I.e. when Safari or Chrome “ just work ” when rendering some web site that checks for “ gecko ” in the UA string , it is almost certainly in accordance with the intentions of whoever developed the web site .
When the Pre “ just works ” with iTunes , it is not in accordance with Apple ’s intentions .
That ’s not to say it is wrong , particularly since in both cases — browser UA strings and Palm ’s media sync — the primary purpose is to do what the user wants .
But it ’s not a great analogy .
I do n’t think WebOS ’s media sync is a mistake on Palm ’s part because it is wrong , I think it ’s a mistake because it is risky and unnecessary .
I think where Palm is weakest , legally , is with regard to all of the former Apple engineers now working on the Pre and WebOS .
Even if Palm could prove that no former Apple employees used their knowledge of Apple trade secrets to implement this feature , I do n’t know whether Palm is in good enough financial shape to risk such a suit .
1
The flip side is the question of whether Apple would risk legal trouble by shipping a future release of iTunes that blocks WebOS from syncing .
On the surface , one might think that Apple can do whatever it wants with its own software .
The question some are raising , though , is whether Apple should be legally constrained from anti-competitive behavior as the holder of a monopoly .
Nick Forge writes :
It ’s one thing for Apple not to facilitate syncing with 3rd - party ( non-Apple ) players , but another altogether to actively go out of their way to stop it happening .
Can you imagine the fallout if Microsoft were to add code into the SMB protocol that blocked access to non-Microsoft systems ?
Apple effectively monopolises the portable media player market , and if they resort to Microsoft - in - the - 90s style tactics to hold on to that monopoly , they could find themselves on the wrong side of the U.S. Department of Justice .
I disagree with Forge that an analogy to Microsoft and SMB is apt .
Being the clear market leader does n’t necessarily mean that Apple holds a monopoly , a term which has been thrown around far too loosely in the aftermath of Microsoft ’s court cases in the U.S. and E.U .
Many markets have a clear leader , but very few market leaders hold a monopoly .
What monopoly does Apple hold , specifically ?
A monopoly in “ portable media players ” would n’t seem relevant — it is iTunes , the Mac and Windows software , that WebOS interfaces with , not iPods .
Does iTunes ( not the store , but the desktop app ) constitute a monopoly ?
I would say no , not even close .
Often overlooked is that Apple already provides a way for third - party software to access the contents of your iTunes library : the iTunes Music Library.xml file .
The legit way for a third - party portable device to sync music and video with iTunes is for the device makers to write or license their own software to read the iTunes Music Library.xml file and copy the media from the library .
That ’s what Nokia Multimedia Transfer and RIM ’s BlackBerry Media Sync do , and it ’s what DoubleTwist does for a wide variety of non-Apple portable devices , including the Pre .
Yes , DoubleTwist is Jon Lech Johansen ’s company , 2 but that does n’t render invalid his opinion that WebOS ’s media sync is a hack .
DoubleTwist ( without any official relationship with Palm ) syncs media between the Pre and iTunes legitimately ; Palm ’s “ media sync ” does not .
What it comes down to is that third - party ( i.e. non-Apple ) devices and software already have legitimate access to the contents of your iTunes library .
The XML file describes the audio and video files and your playlists .
The media files themselves are stored out in the open as regular files inside the “ iTunes Music ” folder .
What they do n’t have is legitimate access to iTunes ’s built - in automatic “ just plug in the device via USB and iTunes will see it ” syncing .
I do n’t see that as the basis for government anti-trust action against Apple .
Rather than write their own Mac and Windows software to recognize when a Pre is plugged in and sync media with the iTunes library , Palm is piggybacking on the software Apple wrote to support iPods .
Ultimately , my guess is that Apple wo n’t take any immediate action — technical or legal — against Palm .
I think Apple will treat it more or less the way they ’ve treated iPhone jailbreaking .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
A second lingerie - modeling photo of Miss California USA Carrie Prejean has appeared after she assured pageant officials this week that the earlier shot was the only one she had appeared in .
Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in .
The Web site that published the first picture published a second one Wednesday .
It had already promised to " slowly roll out " more photos .
After the appearance of the first photo , the possibility that racier images could emerge prompted " closed - door meetings " Tuesday to consider stripping Prejean of her beauty queen title , pageant spokesman Ron Neal said .
Although Neal said Prejean " breached her contract " by keeping the semi-nude photo or photos a secret , the only pictures published so far appear about as revealing as the bikini Prejean wore in the pageant 's swimsuit competition .
" We have been told by Carrie Prejean there are no other photos other than the one circulating in existence .
She should know better than anyone , " Miss California USA Director Keith Lewis said Wednesday before the latest photo was released .
Watch reaction to racy photos »
Pageant officials were not immediately available for comment on the new picture .
The 21 - year - old Miss USA contestant has been the center of controversy since she declared her opposition to same - sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage last month .
She finished as runner - up to Miss USA .
In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos -- and she did use the plural -- were being used in a " vicious and mean - spirited " effort to silence her for " defending traditional marriage . "
While she vowed to " continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is , " Prejean may be doing so without the Miss California USA title .
State pageant officials met Tuesday with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal .
" When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " he said .
CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification .
The first photo made public shows Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top .
She is turned away from the camera , with her arm hiding most of her breast .
The second photo is essentially the same , but Prejean is looking over her opposite shoulder .
It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider that a semi-nude photo , in light of their standard requirement that contestants parade across stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin .
Ahead of the second photo being published , Nik Richie -- of The Dirty.com -- said he was upgrading his Web site 's servers to handle the flood of traffic he expects will come after he posts the additional photos .
" I will slowly roll these out , " Richie said .
The Web site appeared to be overwhelmed by traffic early Thursday .
CNN tried to access it , but could not .
" We 'll see what happens with those and we want to know who 's releasing them , " Neal said .
Shanna Moakler , the co-executive director of the Miss California USA organization , will meet with Tami Farrell , the runner - up for the title , " to discuss the possible next steps , " Neal said .
Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a Victoria 's Secret model .
" I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said .
" Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . "
She said the photos " have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . "
" I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said .
" But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive .
While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean - spirited attacks . "
Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job .
" In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ .
" She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . "
Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting " opposite marriage " ( marriage between a man and a woman ) funded by the National Organization for Marriage .
" Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign .
" There is something special about unions of husband and wife .
Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . "
CNN 's Aileen Martinez contributed to this report .
All About Donald Trump • Victoria 's Secret Stores Inc .
I ’ve been on several first dates completely fucking high .
Of course , most people usually start a date sober and work their way to being stoned but I was never one for being normal ( especially when it comes to dating ) .
I once met a dude at a bar across the street from my place and in lieu of a drink , we stopped by the medicinal marijuana store on my block , walked back to my apartment and smoked a joint on my balcony .
Turns out , pot was pretty much all we had in common but that does n’t matter when you ’re both giggling at a squirrel .
I ’ve been on two other first dates with two different guys who offered me ecstasy ten minutes into our date ( both dates were at nightclubs , so at least the atmosphere was appropriate ) .
One date ended with us having with really fantastic sex .
The other guy I ended up dating for half a year and I was always worried about how many liberties I ’d have to take if we had children and they asked how mommy and daddy met .
“ Well , Xander , ” ( yes , my imaginary son ’s name is Xander ) “ It was a Friday night and Daddy offered Mommy MDMA before learning her last name .
We tripped balls well into Sunday morning .
It was so very romantic .
The parts I can remember , anyway . ”
Since those dates worked out successfully , I tried it yet again .
I had a huge fight with my then - roommate , who tried to convince me to wash the dishes by putting the contents of the entire sink on top of my bed .
I was furious and in a horrible mood .
This was all right before a big first date I was really looking forward to .
My quick - fix solution ?
I downed a couple of ecstasy pills and met him at the Arclight cinemas for a showing of Spiderman 3 .
My mistake was going on a date with a man who occasionally has a second beer if he ’s feeling “ randy ” .
Turns out he was clearly not a let ’s - get - high - on - a - first date kind of guy , as I surmised from the confusion on his face when I could n’t stop rubbing my hands all over his corduroy jacket , yammering on about how pretty the moon looked while dancing in the concessions line to music playing only in my head .
My energy had to be explained , so I told him I had a long day of work and drank three Redbulls .
Did he buy it ?
Probably not , since he seemed fairly freaked out by me the whole night .
Hey , at least I had a pretty sweet time even if my date did n’t .
And Spiderman 3 is actually pretty good if you ’re rolling while watching it !
So what ’s the downside to all this ?
Drugs make for a pretty awesome date , but too bad it ’s with somebody imaginary .
When your drug - filled stupor clears , you ’re left with somebody you do n’t really like or even know .
And that makes it extra awkward when you ’ve already made plans to meet his parents or have sworn your love for each other .
Next time , save yourself some trouble and wait at least for date two to whip out the illegal substances .
SOON after General Motors 's chairman , Mr Roger Smith , drives the first car off the assembly line of his company 's Saturn plant in Spring Hill , Tennessee next summer , he will ride off into a comfortable retirement .
The company he leaves behind faces a bleaker future .
During his nine - year reign at the top of the world 's biggest carmaker , Mr Smith has spent billions of dollars and overseen huge reorganisations to little avail .
Crippled by a sclerotic bureaucracy , GM watched helplessly as its share of the all - important American car market tumbled from 46 % in 1980 to barely 35 % this year .
Now Japanese carmakers are set to boost their production in America just as GM cuts back still further .
If the once - mighty GM can not find a way to reverse its slide , the next decade might be the company 's last .
By the turn of the century , break - up or bankruptcy ( and the inevitable government rescue ) could well be the fate of a company which was once America 's proudest manufacturer .
Saturn will be the key to GM 's survival .
At first , GM arrogantly dismissed Toyota and other Japanese competitors as merely makers of little cars that got lucky in an oil crisis .
When GM belatedly woke up to the Japanese challenge , it exhibited the big - company knee - jerk reaction : throw truckloads of money at the problem .
Many of the billions it spent on robots and other new technology have been wasted .
Saturn is the attempt of a chastened GM to re-invent carmaking from a “ blank sheet of paper ” .
Yet if Saturn is a success , the immense task of transforming the rest of the company 's vast empire still lies ahead .
If Saturn is a flop , GM will face naked the remorseless advance of the Japanese .
By the mid-1990s the so - called Japanese “ transplant ” factories in the United States and Canada will be making more than 2 m vehicles a year in addition to the cars the Japanese import ( now limited to 2.3 m vehicles ) .
With new - car sales in America set to fall below 10 m this year , the industry is already haunted by overcapacity .
Even worse for GM , Japanese transplants can build cars for an estimated $ 500 - 800 cheaper than many American - owned plants .
Because their cars are better designed and marketed , the Japanese also frequently avoid offering the $ 1,500 discounts which are destroying the profit margins of American competitors .
Saturn is supposed to close the efficiency gap , which has resulted in GM's North American car operations losing an estimated $ 300 m in the third quarter this year .
Throughout the 1980s , GM has invested $ 80 billion modernising its operations worldwide ( nearly three times its present market capitalisation ) .
That spending includes some of the $ 2.5 billion to buy EDS to mastermind a group - wide computerisation drive .
GM then spent $ 700 m buying back GM shares from EDS 's founder Mr Ross Perot as the price of ousting the outspoken critic from GM 's board .
Another $ 5.2 billion went to buy Hughes Aerospace in a yet - to - be - proved attempt to feed more space - age technology into carmaking .
Yet much of the advanced technology GM acquired at such high cost hindered rather than improved productivity .
Run-away robots started welding doors shut at the new Detroit - Hamtramck Cadillac plant .
Luckily for Ford and Chrysler , poverty prevented them from indulging in the same orgy of spending on robots .
After wrenching management changes , some of Ford 's factories are now achieving near - Japanese levels of productivity .
Saturn will use some of the most advanced manufacturing technology available , but will concentrate on the more effective use of people .
GM had to resort to a joint venture with Toyota to learn that people are what count in manufacturing .
Despite this benefit , the joint - venture factory in California has shown that GM 's fundamental weaknesses remain .
Saturn is to be run as a separate company within GM , free of the smothering embrace of Detroit .
But even with all its advantages , Saturn 's future is not guaranteed because the Japanese are racing still further ahead .
They are opening research - and - design centres in America to become fully integrated carmakers there .
They are also moving into the market for luxury and performance cars .
In the 1990s Honda could overtake Chrysler as America 's third - biggest car company .
If that happens , the biggest loser will be the American company with the most to lose : GM .
Mr Smith remains unruffled .
He says a lot of GM 's problems have been put right and that the company is now well positioned .
Its spending has gone to build new plants or to modernise old ones .
But he can not expect to run the plants at full capacity .
More probably , as the chart indicates , GM 's market share has been permanently eroded .
So more plant closures will be needed .
By the mid-1990s one in four of its 130,000 managers may have lost their jobs .
The company has already cut its worldwide payroll by 100,000 since 1981 to some 750,000 .
With sales last year of $ 110 billion — roughly equivalent to the GDP of Taiwan — and worldwide production at 8 m vehicles , still twice Toyota 's level , GM could keep cutting back for years as the Japanese expand .
But continued “ down - sizing ” will inevitably provoke a crisis , forcing a traumatic overhaul of the company 's baroque corporate structure , says Mr James Womack , director of the International Motor Vehicle Programme — a worldwide five - year car industry study being conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Ford faced such a crisis in the early 1980s and survived .
“ Ford went right to the edge and looked over , ” recalls Mr Womack .
“ Ford realised it had to start worrying about how to avoid the abyss rather than electing the next president . ”
If GM 's moment of truth comes later , rather than sooner , it might not survive intact .
Mr Smith 's re-organisations have swept away some feudal dynasties at GM .
But he failed to address a deeper , cultural malaise , says Ms Maryann Keller , a Wall Street motor - industry analyst .
In her recent book , “ Rude Awakening ” , Ms Keller says Mr Smith found himself hopelessly entangled in a complex corporate culture that resisted change .
He did little to control the power of central - office staff over operating divisions or the finance staff over the entire company .
Under Mr Smith , a finance man , GM 's bean counters continued to rule .
For too long , says Ms Keller , GM has “ hidden behind a manipulation of the numbers rather than facing its problems head on . ”
GM points to its record net profit in 1988 of $ 4.9 billion , up 37 % from 1987 , as proof of recovery .
But Ms Keller says that GM 's record year was due more to accounting changes than to the sale of cars .
Even if GM 's profits recover for another year or two , she warns , “ the victory is bound to be short - lived unless change occurs at the very core of its corporate culture . ”
If the critics are correct , Mr Smith 's successor will have to undertake a wholesale reorganisation of GM management to reverse the company 's decline .
The chances of such a reformer emerging are not impossible ( witness the surprise arrival of Russia 's Mr Mikhail Gorbachev ) , but they are slim .
When the puffs of smoke from the company 's Detroit headquarters appear , the final choice of the next chairman will largely be that of the strong - willed Mr Smith himself .
An outsider can be ruled out almost entirely : top management at GM is a closed shop .
Even those who have joined late in their careers have found themselves unable to make the final cut .
Mr Elmer Johnson , a Chicago lawyer , headed back home last year after a brief stint as an executive vice president .
He harboured ambitions of being the reformer who launched GM 's perestroika .
The next chairman is likely to come from among half a dozen loyal , long - term GM executives .
At the top of everyone 's list is 56 - year - old Mr Robert Stempel , who became president a little more than two years ago .
Mr Stempel is a big , blunt - talking man with a strong background in engineering — the proverbial “ product man ” .
That makes him an attractive choice .
GM desperately needs new products .
It claims plenty are coming , but the company is still struggling to shed its image as a builder of mediocre , look - alike cars — at least in America .
In Europe , where new investment has paid off better , a string of successes was reflected in the $ 2.7 billion which international operations added to GM 's profit last year .
Yet the battle for market share in Europe is increasing with the formation of a single EC market and with coming competition from East European exports .
DRI , an economic - forecasting group , also thinks that a two - year decline in West European car sales will start next year .
GM has tried to give its American cars more flair by reorganising their production into two self - contained business units : Buick - Oldsmobile - Cadillac and Chevrolet - Pontiac - GM Canada .
Something much more drastic is needed .
If Mr Smith 's Saturn project is not that something , GM could end its days as a decaying monument to the glory days of American manufacturing .
By
May 4 , 2009 --
There is a revival of socialist feminism in Latin America , spearheaded by the Venezuelan and Cuban revolutions .
I have just returned from a workshop on gender - based violence organised by the Ministry of Women 's Affairs in Venezuela and the United Nations Development Program ( UNDP ) .
Speakers included Maria Leon , Venezuela 's minister of women 's affairs , and Nora Casteneda , president of Banmujer ( Bank for the Development of Women ) .
The two women explained the gains made by women as a result of Bolivarian socialist revolution in Venezuela .
Truly amazing attempts in empowering women towards achieving gender equality were reported candidly by both women , who also outlined the challenges women in Venezuela have as yet to overcome .
Venezuela 's Bolivarian constitution is the first in the South ( and possibly the world ) to recognise women 's housework as a legitimate economic activity producing wealth and contributing to the social welfare of the population : " The State will recognise household chores as an economic activity that creates added value , produces wealth and social welfare .
Housewives have the right to social security according to the law " ( Article 88 ) .
As Maria Leon explained , in Article 88 " the work of all previous generations of women are also recognised and valued " .
In March 2007 the right of women to live a life free of violence became an organic law enacted by the National Assembly of Venezuela .
Now the law must be effectively implemented .
This includes setting up special courts or legal units to handle cases of violence against women across the country , with some 19 courts already set up , covering all regions .
These courts were described as ``new institutions of the Venezuelan state to eradicate violence against women ' ' .
The first courts on violence against women were set up in Caracas on June 27 , 2008 .
These courts have the authority to temporarily arrest perpetrators of violence against women and prohibit them from leaving the country .
The first dates for the trial should be set 10 to 20 days after the act of violence , with sentencing on the same day with penalties and fines .
Appeals processes exist .
These courts are also described as ``specialised organs on violence against women '' and as ``weapons in the struggle against violence against women ' ' .
` Cultural change '
According to Maria Leon : " Talking is not enough .
Laws are not enough .
Institutions are not enough .
We need a cultural change in our views and outlook . "
This requires mobilising women to become " a real force , a deterrent force , an army to combat violence against women and to change the notion of women as battered victims and weak human beings " .
To mobilise women some 25,000 ``points of encounter '' for women are being set up where women have easy access to information and services without cumbersome requirements and bureaucratic regulations .
These ``points of encounter '' will consist of at least 10 women , who will then organise more women to create " an army to combat violence against women ... the point is not only to decrease violence against women , but to eradicate it " .
The Ministry for Women 's Affairs and Gender Equality was set up on March 8 , 2009 .
One of the first activities of the new ministry was to organise a congress of women to consult on the plans and work of the ministry .
A key objective of the ministry is to advice the Venezuelan president on ``human development with gender equality '' and the ``active participation in the defence and guarantee of women 's rights in the revolutionary transformation of the country ' ' .
Linked to this , a key task of the ministry is to ``design the criteria for allocating financial and social resources and investments targeting women , especially those who are marginalised and excluded , suffering discrimination , exploitation and violence ... in order to promote a socialist production model with gender equity in the socialisation of the means of production ' ' .
Maria Leon and other Venezuelan women speakers all emphasised the importance of the local popular power structures , the communal councils , in the mobilisation and empowerment of women .
According to Leon : " Peoples power , popular power , is most important [ and ] 70 % of the commune councils are headed by women . "
Nora Castaneda provided updates on the work of Banmujer .
Banmujer is a key political instrument of the revolution in the economic and political empowerment of poor and ethnic - minority women .
Since 2001 , Banmujer has redistributed wealth of around US $ 179 million in 106,616 microcredit loans to poor women .
In 2008 alone it approved a total of 13,689 microcredit loans worth $ 35 million .
Developments in Cuba
Meanwhile in Cuba , pathbreaking proposals and measures are being advocated and discussed among the entire population to advance gender equality in relation to sexual rights , spearheaded by the National Center for Sexual Education ( CENESEX ) .
According to CENESEX director Mariela Castro , this year ’s celebration of International Day against Homophobia and Transphobia will be held in Havana on Saturday , May 16 .
It will be dedicated not only to youth , but also to the family , “ so that fathers and mothers can better understand their homosexual or transsexual children ” .
The National Assembly ( Cuba ’s parliament ) will include in its work agenda an initiative to reform the national family code , which has been in effect in Cuba since 1975 and contains proposals on gender identity and rights of “ sexual minorities ” .
The initiatives include the legal recognition of same - sex unions , whereby they will enjoy the same rights as consensually united heterosexual couples .
In June 2008 a resolution of the Ministry of Public Health legalised the performing of sex change operations on transsexual persons .
Resolution 126 establishes the creation of a centre for integral health care for people who are transsexual , which will be the sole institution in the country authorised to carry out total or partial medical sex - change treatments .
This is a far cry from the former Soviet Union , with its idealisation of motherhood , or anything in the experience of the Chinese revolution .
And it is a distinct trend in the opposite direction to what is taking place in a number of industrialised countries in the West -- the US and Australia included -- where the trend is to take away a range of even formal rights won in gender equality and related sexual rights .
[ Reihana Mohideen is head of international department , Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Party of the Laboring Masses ) in the Philippines .
This article first appeared at Mohideen 's blog , Socialista Feminista , and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
Frank van Puffelens thoughts and ideas on programming , software development and technology in general .
Now that the June 6 launch date and the $ 300 ( before a $ 100 mail - in rebate ) price tag is official for the Palm Pre , it is time to take a closer look at how the Pre compares to the iPhone 3G .
When the Palm Pre was first announced in January at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , it offered features like universal search that scans contacts on the phone and the web , copy - and - paste and multi-tasking that were not available on the iPhone 3G .
But in March Apple closed the gap significantly .
The iPhone 3.0 update to be released this summer would bring many of the Palm Pre 's features to the iPhone .
It 's an even contest for now .
Though Sprint 's network ranks third among the big carriers , Palm Pre users in some areas will have access to Sprint 's 4 - G network .
AT&T , the exclusive carrier for the iPhone is not expected to start rolling out its 4 - G network until next year .
Meanwhile , the iPhone trumps in the App store .
Apple and AT&T have advertised the independent applications available through the store heavily .
And , so far , despite attempts by competitors such as Research in Motion 's the BlackBerry App World store , the iPhone 's App store is still far ahead in the choices it offers .
Though Palm has launched its own app store , we 'll have to wait and see how successful it is gathering developer interest .
For those interested in the raw specs , here 's how the Pre and the iPhone compare ( click the image to see the spreadsheet full - size ) :
Source : Palm and Apple websites .
See also :
Top photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
In Nashville , TN , USA , the choice is clear : it ’s either Church or Gay Street
Hang a left on Kitchen - Dick then hop onto Woodcock in Sequim , WA , USA
Meet you at Charles and Manson Street in Waterloo , Iowa , USA
Clear enough ?
The most literal separation of Church and State in Concord , NH , USA
Where Destiny meets Inspiration , in Wilmington , NC , USA
They call it Johnson , Smallwood Johnson
It ’s either Prosperity or Clinton in Newberry , SC , USA – thanks for the tip , Alisha !.
You may also want to look for Fidelity St and Clinton Drive , in Houston , TX , USA
Matteo Spinelli , creator of the spinning wheel selector widget , has done it again .
He ’s on a mission to change the way designers think about iPhone optimized websites .
Tired of the same old cloned Apple UI , Matteo has suggested developing customized controls using javascript , html and css .
I can honestly say he is taking the lead on this front .
Using just 150 lines of code , css transforms , WebKitCSSMatrix and javascript , he ’s created a truly unique interface that could be mistaken for something cooked up in Objective C for a native app .
The interface is remarkably simple .
Consisting of just a single html file and three images , his proof of concept is slick .
But it ’s potential is what really stands out .
I ’ve already started cooking up ways to use it , and will hopefully share a variation with everyone soon !
Until then , please head over to cubiq.com and check out Matteo ’s creation .
Check out the demo here .
Matteo ’s original post here .
A new 3 - minute test could help in diagnosing prostate cancer , the most common cancer in men in the UK , according to scientists .
Researchers have developed the test by using light energy to measure the level of citrate in fluid samples from the prostate gland .
The technique could provide the basis of a rapid means of detecting prostate cancer in the future .
Almost a quarter of male cancers in the UK are diagnosed as prostate cancer and more than 10,000 men die from the disease each year .
Scientists , led by Prof David Parker from Durham University 's Chemistry Department , have worked with experts from the University of Maryland , USA to develop the technique that measures the wavelength of light as it is shone through diluted samples of body fluids .
The research team , funded by the North East Proof of Concept Fund and the EPSRC , believe that the technique which can measure , with speed and accuracy , how citrate levels fall in the prostate gland as cancer develops , could also find use for the diagnosis of other medical conditions , associated with poor kidney function .
Prof Parker said : " Citrate provides a significant biomarker for disease that may provide a reliable method for screening and detecting prostate cancer , and for the monitoring of people with the disease .
This technique could form the basis of a simple screening procedure for prostate cancer that could be used in outpatient departments at local hospitals . "
His team have shone light into over 100 different chemical structures to see how they function and respond to the presence of certain important bioactive species .
They have looked particularly closely at how citrate and lactate bind to luminescent structures within fluids .
Citrate and lactate are vital for our bodies ' metabolism for normal function .
Citrate provides energy for cells and the amount found in the prostate varies considerably due to an enzyme called m-aconitase which transforms it .
This enzyme is very sensitive to zinc and , in prostate cancer sufferers , zinc levels are depressed and the enzyme switches on again .
advertisement
Prof Leslie Costello from the University of Maryland said : " Citrate is formed in cell metabolism processes which alter as cancers grow .
The analysis of the citrate concentration of prostatic fluid can provide an accurate way to screen and diagnose prostate cancer .
Since citrate concentrations decrease markedly early in malignancy , this technique makes it possible to analyse what 's happening quickly in the early and treatable stage of prostate cancer .
It shows much promise as a clinical tool . "
The new test requires only a microlitre of fluid and the sample can be easily measured in an optical instrument .
Using samples from male volunteers , the researchers have developed a portable instrument that can give results in 3 minutes .
The team 's challenge has been how to accurately measure changes in the amount of citrate or lactate in fluid samples using the technique .
The early results are promising and the team intends to look at the analysis of other body fluids .
A possible way forward is to examine the citrate levels in seminal fluid samples , which are made up of 50 % prostate fluid .
The University has launched a spin - out company called FScan Ltd to develop the technique and to seek commercial backing .
The team has looked at 20 samples so far and verified the analysis in every case .
The next stage is to work with a local hospital and examine samples from 200 volunteers to see whether the first Durham results correlate .
Prof Parker says : " It 's been a complex process to develop the technique but we 're very optimistic about it .
Ultimately , this could provide an accurate method of screening for prostate cancer in men that could be carried out in 3 - minutes once a biopsy has been obtained from the patient at a hospital outpatient department . "
The discovery follows the invention in 2006 by Durham University Professor Douglas Newton of a Urine Flow Meter .
The UFlow Meter helps men to assess if they have a restricted rate of urine flow - one of the warning signs of prostate problems .
The establishment of FScan Ltd is part of the University 's aim to enhance the exploitation of the Intellectual Property generated by high quality research activities .
Tim Hammond , Head of Technology Transfer at Durham University , said : '" We quickly realised the potential of this research and have worked closely with Professor Parker and his team to secure initial proof of concept funding through NorthStar Equity Investors and the North East Proof of Concept Fund and to establish FScan Limited as the vehicle to validate and commercialise the technology . "
Process for testing :
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Hackers launched an attack on Facebook ’s 200 million users on Thursday , successfully gathering passwords from some of them in the latest campaign to prey on members of the popular social networking site .
A Facebook profile page in an image courtesy of the company .
REUTERS / Handout
Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said on Thursday that the site was in the process of cleaning up damage from the attack .
He said that Facebook was blocking compromised accounts .
Schnitt declined to say how many accounts had been compromised .
The hackers got passwords through what is known as a phishing attack , breaking into accounts of some Facebook members , then sending e-mails to friends and urging them to click on links to fake websites .
Those sites were designed to look like the Facebook home page .
The victims were directed to log back in to the site , but actually logged into the one controlled by the hackers , unwittingly giving away their passwords .
The purpose of such attacks is generally identify theft and to spread spam .
The fake domains include www.151.im, www.121.im and www.123.im.
Facebook has deleted all references to those domains .
Schnitt said that Facebook ’s security team believes the hackers intended to collect a large number of credentials , then use those accounts at a later time to send spam hawking fake pharmaceuticals and other goods to Facebook members .
The site fought off a similar attack two weeks ago , he said .
Privately held Facebook and rival social network MySpace , which is owned by News Corp , require senders of messages within the network to be members and hide user data from people who do not have accounts .
Because of that , users tend to be far less suspicious of messages they receive .
Hackers used a phishing attack last year to spread a malicious virus known as Koobface ( a reference to Facebook ) .
It was downloaded onto Facebook members ’
PCs when they clicked on a link sent to them in an email that looked like it had been sent by a friend on Facebook .
Barack Obama 's crusade against excessive Wall Street pay has hit an obstacle , with his administration admitting that it could not stop the nationalised insurance giant AIG from paying $ 165 m ( £ 118 m ) in bonuses .
AIG has received $ 170bn in government money since being saved from bankruptcy in September .
The bulk of the bonuses will go to employees in the very business division that wrecked the company 's finances .
Politicians have reacted with fury .
Members of the administration took to television studios yesterday to insist that contracts written during the boom times had left their hands tied .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Larry Summers , the president 's chief economic adviser , said : " The whole situation at AIG is outrageous .
What taxpayers are being forced to do is outrageous . "
But he added : " We are a country of law .
There are contracts .
The government cannot just abrogate contracts .
Every legal step possible to limit those bonuses is being taken . "
Mr Obama , who said paying bonuses was " shameful " while companies were on government life support , has found changing Wall Street culture to be more difficult than anticipated .
The administration engaged in a behind - the - scenes battle last week to cut remuneration at AIG .
Senior executives agreed to forego some bonuses but Edward Liddy , the AIG chairman , said he was otherwise bound to pay employee 's contractual entitlements .
He lobbied for the government to ease attempts to limit future bonuses , saying AIG could collapse entirely if its staff fled to rivals – it could not " attract and retain the best and brightest talent if employees believe that their compensation is subject to continued and arbitrary adjustment by the US Treasury " .
The government has pumped hundreds of millions of dollars into financial institutions since Bear Stearns collapsed a year ago today .
It is now a significant shareholder in dozens of banks and is struggling to contain public fury that companies are paying bonuses with the money .
The Treasury Secretary , Tim Geithner , said the government would not be able to act to repair the financial system if taxpayers believed their money was being wasted .
The mouse was found embedded in a malt loaf
A man got the shock of his life when he opened a loaf of bread and found a whole mouse inside .
North Antrim Magistrates
Court heard how a man purchased a Hyndman 's malt loaf from a supermarket in the Ballymoney area before Christmas 2007 .
When he unwrapped the loaf he discovered the small lifeless mammal embedded in the base of the bread .
The judge fined the company , D Hyndman and Son Ltd , Maghera , £ 1,000 plus costs for placing unsafe food on the market .
The managing director of the company was present in court to answer the charge .
A defence lawyer told the court that the presence of the mouse was a shock to the company .
He suggested it might have been put in the tin to " sabotage " the baker who has been in business for 60 years and has never had any complaints .
The judge was shown pictures of the mouse in the loaf .
The court heard that tins in which the bread is baked were oiled the night before they were filled with dough .
Pest control
Some time between the tins being sprayed and being filled , the mouse got into the tin , a prosecuting lawyer said .
" In fairness to the defendant they have engaged pest control services who regularly inspect the premises and did so before this incident , " she said .
The defence lawyer said an " onerous inspection " is held at the bakery every six weeks and that two field biologists attend each year .
There are 131 bait stations in the premises at present , he said .
Staff carry out daily inspections and two full - time cleaners are employed at the bakery who both work eight hours per day .
In imposing the fine , the judge said he had considered public concern but also the steps taken by the company to ensure proper hygiene .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is little good in any Christmas cookie except the thought behind it .
This may be doubly true for Swedish ginger cookies , a recipe that I have cherished for years , but I often feel it should come with a special warning .
The principal ingredient in a batch of Swedish ginger cookies -- the one that really does the trick -- is three - quarters of a cup of bacon fat .
You can never be too certain these days about what people will allow themselves to enjoy .
Their ideas about what is good for them may be circumscribed by their upbringing , their religion or their proximity to a pig .
However , I suspect that the Swedish cook who came up with this recipe was simply hemmed in by her larder .
She had a pan of drippings and some extra sugar and spices , and she made a thin , brown cookie that tasted sweetly of smoke .
In Coshocton , Ohio , where I am from , lard , suet and drippings were as integral to Christmas as the Episcopal hymnal .
My family did not come from Sweden .
They were Poles and Ukrainians by way of St. Louis and Cleveland , at least on my father 's side .
My mother 's people were all from the East and had been for several generations , and I think she considered it her moral duty to save my brother and me from falling into the uncouth habits of our paternal grandparents , whom we adored .
One way she did that was with the food she served .
We grew up on hollandaise sauce , blueberry buckle , succotash , Welsh rabbit , chicken country captain and fresh strawberry pie , whose secret was a thin layer of cream cheese between the filling and the crust .
There was nothing routine about my mother 's cooking , but there was a great sense of ritual about it , in summer and in winter .
She began her holiday cooking in October by bringing out the battered aluminum pans that she used for plum pudding .
She and a friend , Liz Harris , were in charge of making plum puddings for the annual bazaar at Trinity Episcopal Church in Coshocton , and I guess they made them for 25 years .
I remember the trips to the market for the suet and dried fruit , and the puddings steaming in their molds on the stove , and how our laundry room would fill up with the ribbon - tied bundles .
CHICAGO - Suicidal thoughts or attempts are associated with daily smoking in current smokers , but not former smokers , according to an article in Archives of General Psychiatry , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
" A link between cigarette smoking and suicide has been reported in epidemiological investigations since the 1970s , " according to background information in the article .
However , these interpretations have been subject to controversy .
It is believed that depression may result in part from smoking and should not be controlled in analysis of this relationship .
However , it 's also been reported that symptoms of depression in adolescents predicts their starting smoking and that major depression leads to an increased risk for regular smoking and dependence ; therefore , a history of depression must be considered when examining suicide in smokers .
Naomi Breslau , Ph.D. , from Michigan State University , East Lansing , and colleagues examined the association between cigarette smoking and suicidal thoughts and attempts .
Participants aged 21 to 30 years were interviewed in 1989 and completed follow - up interviews in 1992 , 1994 , and 1999 - 2001 .
At each assessment , they were asked about lifetime smoking history , whether they were current daily smokers or had been in the past , and psychiatric disorders .
Nearly nine hundred people completed all three investigations .
During the ten - year follow - up , nineteen participants attempted suicide , while 130 reported having suicidal thoughts .
The researchers found that current daily smoking , but not past smoking , as reported at the beginning of each of the assessments , predicted the subsequent occurrence of suicidal thoughts or attempt .
These findings remained when adjusted statistically for prior depression , substance use disorders , prior psychiatric disorders and prior suicidal disposition .
Rates of suicidal behavior were also higher in those experiencing depression at the start of each follow - up period .
" The biological explanation of the finding that current smoking is associated with subsequent suicidal behavior is unclear , " the authors conclude .
( Arch Gen Psychiatry .
2005 ; 62 : 328 - 334 . Available post-embargo at www.archgenpsychiatry.com)
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by a grant from the National Institute of Mental Health , Rockville , Md .
###
For more information , contact the JAMA / Archives Media Relations Department at 312-464-JAMA ( 5262 ) or email mediarelations@jama-archives.org
Here 's a thought ; so often we yak about using social media for our benefit and communicating through this amazing medium .
Let 's drive market share , increase customer loyalty , communicate with our old high school classmates , and stalk our exes ( or is that just me ? ) .
However , how often do we ask , " What does social media tell us and what exactly can I learn if I listen to it ? "
Oooh ... I feel so sensitive and in touch with myself .
In this analogy , I 'm the sensitive male who just listened to a woman for the first time .
It feels so rewarding .
For both of us .
The epiphany of social media is its not only about how businesses and people communicate with consumers and friends .
It 's also about how we listen to what social media tells us and apply its lessons to our businesses .
I suppose this hit me today after Josh had a rocking post on the Kindle DX .
After Josh e-mailed me , I clicked through to the article .
The comparison of the cost - benefit ratio of the Kindle DX as a replacement for the college textbook immediately brought to mind the cash - strapped college kid who loves gadgets thinking , " Ooooh ... what sort of complicated financial analysis did Josh use to justify me purchasing this neat new toy ?
It is SO sustainable ! "
My first reaction was , " Wow ... if people love reading about this and its the top gadget story on Reddit , we obviously know the demographic for the Gadget section on Reddit . "
And then it hit me ; social media is not only a portal for communication , but its also a raw insight into what interests people .
If you want to use social media , you have to be interesting to the people who are using it .
For example ; if Josh blogged about AARP 's use for the Kindle ... no dice .
However , blogging about college textbooks ?
Front page of Reddit .
We 're nearing the ice - cream van !
STEP ON IT !!!!!1!1 !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
" You wo n't find another online financial institution that 's better at protecting its sellers than PayPal , " boasts its website .
Jale Avcil sheltered under this cheering promise when she used the services of the online money transfer company to sell an iPod via its sister company , the online auction house eBay .
The successful buyer bid £ 265 and Avcil sent the item by special delivery .
However , the buyer claimed the item never arrived , which was odd since Royal Mail 's tracking service showed that someone of the same name had signed for it .
Months later , Avcil discovered that the buyer had claimed a refund via his credit card issuer and that PayPal had sanctioned a chargeback .
Avcil then discovered another eBay seller who had had an identical experience with the same buyer , but PayPal was unmoved .
" I do n't believe eBay or PayPal read their messages , and anytime I contact them I get fobbed off with generic answers obviously read off a computer screen from somewhere overseas , " says Avcil .
The curious part is that PayPal had recently amended its protection policy .
The new rules apply to chargebacks made after 30 September 2008 and reimburse sellers who meet certain criteria .
Avcil 's case clearly meets all of these and , although she sold the iPod before the cutoff date , the chargeback was filed after 30 September .
None the less , Paypal 's press office tells me that as the actual transaction predated this , she does not qualify for a refund .
It will , it says magnanimously , offer her the £ 265 , but merely as a goodwill gesture to make up for its poor communication skills .
Only after I email the press office a copy of its own protection policy does it realise that Avcil is indeed covered .
She is now to get additional compensation for the seven months it has taken to persuade PayPal to keep its promises .
I would love for someone to explain to me how calling for a man with a 70 % approval rating to leave the Republican Party — in favor of two ideologues supported by only 30 % and 37 % of the population , respectively — is a winning electoral strategy :
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey , released Monday , suggests that 70 percent have a favorable opinion of Powell , who was Secretary of State during President George W. Bush ’s first term , and who served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Persian Gulf War .
Only 30 percent of those polled have a favorable view of Limbaugh , the popular conservative radio talk show host , with 53 percent saying they hold an unfavorable opinion .
In poll numbers released Thursday , 37 percent say they have a favorable opinion of Dick Cheney , with 55 percent indicating they hold an unfavorable view of the former vice president .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Physicist Stephen Hawking , the author of “ A Brief History of Time ” who is almost completely paralyzed by motor neurone disease , has been urgently admitted to hospital , Cambridge University said on Monday .
Professor Stephen Hawking , one of the world 's foremost physicists , addresses a public meeting in Cape Town , May 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Hutchings
Hawking , 67 , was taken by ambulance to a local hospital in Cambridge , where he is a professor of applied mathematics and theoretical physics .
“ Professor Hawking is very ill and has been taken by ambulance to Addenbrooke ’s Hospital , ” the university said .
A university spokesman said his condition was described as comfortable and that he would be kept in hospital overnight .
Hawking , who is only able to speak through a computer - generated voice synthesizer , had been ill for a couple of weeks , with his condition deteriorating since he returned from a trip to the United States at the weekend , a source said .
He canceled an appearance at Arizona State University on April 6 due to a chest infection .
A pre-recorded lecture was played to a science conference instead .
He has previously been treated for pneumonia and the source said it appeared his latest illness was related to the chest infection , although he stressed there was no diagnosis yet .
The head of Cambridge ’s applied mathematics department expressed hope that Hawking would recover .
“ Professor Hawking is a remarkable colleague , ” said Peter Haynes .
“ We all hope he will be amongst us again soon . ”
GLOBAL RENOWN
Hawking is renowned for his work on black holes , cosmology and quantum gravity .
He achieved global recognition with the publication in 1988 of “ A Brief History of Time , ” an account of the origins of the universe .
Hawking began suffering from motor neurone disease in his early 20s but went on to establish himself as one of the world ’s leading scientific authorities , and is constantly called upon to comment on new discoveries in astronomy and physics .
He raised his profile in popular culture with guest appearances in “ Star Trek ” and the cartoons “ Futurama ” and “ The Simpsons . ”
In 2007 , he took a zero- gravity flight over the Atlantic Ocean in an adapted Boeing 727 jet .
Since 1974 , the Oxford - educated scientist has worked on marrying the two cornerstones of modern physics -- Albert Einstein ’s General Theory of Relativity , which concerns gravity and large - scale phenomena , and quantum theory , which covers subatomic particles .
As a result of his research , Hawking proposed a model of the universe based on two concepts of time : “ real time , ” or time as human beings experience it , and “ imaginary time , ” the time on which the world may really run .
“ The universe is self - contained , and without boundary , in imaginary time .
However , in real time , the universe will appear to begin at the Big Bang ( the explosion thought to be at the origin of the universe ) , ” Hawking has said .
“ The laws of physics will hold everywhere , so it is not necessary to believe that God intervened to set it going . ”
Motor neurone disease is a catch - all name for a family of muscle wasting diseases that includes amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig ’s disease in the United States .
Although Hawking is virtually paralyzed , he has a slow - progressive form of the disease .
Hawking , who is due to step down as Cambridge ’s Lucasian professor of Mathematics when he turns 70 , has been married twice .
He has three children by his first wife .
HDMI Licensing has announced that the improved HDMI 1.4 specification has been finalized .
The new specification , slated to be published by the end of June , includes a number of additions to the High Definition Multimedia Interface standard that is becoming more commonplace with the proliferation of high - def flat panel TVs , Blu-ray players , and a number of other devices .
Unfortunately , the spec comes with no less than five different cable types , and defines an additional " micro " port and an automotive - specific connection system , which joins the standard and " mini " HDMI port variants .
The new 1.4 spec adds an optional Ethernet - compatible data channel to HDMI .
This data channel will allow bidirectional data transmission up to 100 Mbps .
The data transmission capabilities will allow one Internet - connected device to share the connection , as well as enable content sharing among HDMI connected devices .
Furthermore , an audio return channel adds upstream audio transmission capabilities to the HDMI spec .
This is in addition to the downstream audio capabilities of the current spec , and should in theory eliminate the need to ever use audio cables for HDMI - connected devices .
The new spec also includes a number of improvements to the video transmission specifications .
A standard for 3D formats and resolutions has been added , and includes up to dual - stream 1080 p .
Support is also added for the 2 K and 4 K digital cinema resolution standards .
And color space support has been expanded to include sYCC601 , Adobe RGB , and AdobeYCC601 color spaces — specifically targeting the expanded gamut of digital still photographers .
And the cherry on this spec sundae is a specific automotive connection system designed " to be used as the basis for in - vehicle HD content distribution . "
I 've never been one to relish in - car entertainment taken to this level , but I 'm sure there are niche enthusiasts as well as legions of soccer moms with minivans full of kids that might welcome this addition .
The special cabling and connectors are designed to work around the environmental factors experience in an automobile , " such as heat , vibration and noise . "
But with the proliferation of portable devices , such as an iPhone or the recently announced Zune HD , we wonder if " in-vehicle HD content distribution " is really necessary .
" The HDMI specification continues to add functionality as the consumer electronics and PC industries build products that enhance the consumer 's HD experience , " said Steve Venuti , president of HDMI Licensing , LLC , in a statement .
" The 1.4 specification will support some of the most exciting and powerful near - term innovations such as Ethernet connectivity and 3D formats .
Additionally we are going to broaden our solution by providing a smaller connector for portable devices and a connection system specified for automobiles , as we see both more and different devices adopting the HDMI technology . "
Marketing hyperbole aside , the new specification now includes a total of 5 different cable types : standard , " high - speed " — which handles the higher data rates for 3D and digital cinema resolution , Ethernet - capable versions of both of the previous two , and an automotive - specific variant .
Further , as Venuti said , in addition to the standard HDMI port and the already small mini-HDMI port , the spec adds a 19 - pin micro-HDMI variant that is compatible with up to 1080 p resolutions for portable devices .
That means that the one cable to rule all AV equipment will now have 45 potential variations for customers to choose from — let alone the numerous ( and often dubious ) " quality " levels offered at hard - to - swallow prices .
The video and audio improvements are certainly welcome , though the Ethernet capabilities and special automotive connectors seem to add complexity to a system that was originally designed to greatly reduce the complexity of connecting AV equipment in the first place .
The new micro-HDMI connector also seems redundant , though perhaps it will replace the mini-HDMI as the de facto standard for small , portable HD - capable devices .
You can expect that devices and cables conforming to the new spec should start trickling out later this year .
German Soccer Team Energie Cottbus Refunds Money To Fans After Sucking Against Schalke 04
Even the most devoted fans have their limits .
That ’s why German Bundesliga soccer club Energie Cottbus refunded money to 600 of their fans , knowing their patience might be a bit tested .
The 600 fans had traveled to Gelsenkirchen from their homes in Cottbus , a journey of almost 400 miles , in order to watch Energie Cottbus play Schalke 04 .
They would have enjoyed the match much more had Energie Cottbus sent their players on the road trip as well .
Schalke 04 won the match 4 - 0 .
The loss was Energie Cottbus ’ 6th in their last 7 matches , and the team is now the 2nd worst in the Bundesliga and facing relegation .
The club notified their fans of the refund by sending out a press release titled , “ Sorry . ”
In the press release , the team said , “ ” By refunding the cost of admission for their supporters , the red and whites would like to apologise for the pitiful performance which they displayed at the Veltins Arena . ”
Judging by how bad this season has gone , the team might want to consider offering season ticket refunds as well .
Football club refunds fans for “ pitiful ” performance [ AFP ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Of course I knew it was clean
You think I would sleeps on dirty laundry ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Big Papi : ‘ I would beat the crap out of a teammate who tipped pitches ’
When asked his thoughts on the allegations that state Yankees ’ third baseball Alex Rodriguez used to tip pitches to opponents while a member of the Rangers , Red Sox DH David Ortiz said he did n’t want to believe that A - Rod would do such a thing .
However , if Big Papi ever found out that a teammate was tipping pitches to another team , he would n’t hold back any punches – literally .
“ I would beat the crap out of him , ” Ortiz said .
“ I mean , seriously .
You ’re my teammate .
I mean , I do n’t care if that ’s your brother pitching out there .
We ’re trying to win the game .
That ’s not the right thing to do . ”
The difficulty of succeeding at such a complicated ruse throughout a 162 - game schedule left a number of players in serious doubt that this could be true .
“ How can you hit it — you ’re focusing on somebody giving you a sign , and then you ’re focusing on the pitcher at the same time ? ”
Ortiz wondered .
“ Sometimes there ’s guys tipping their pitches out there , and I still wo n’t hit it because I ca n’t focus on that .
“ If you have a position player giving you a sign of something that ’s coming , it ’s a distraction .
There ’s not much time between the catcher giving signs , the pitcher coming to the plate , and the guy giving you signs .
I might be too stupid to understand it , but that ’s what I think . ”
How can you not respect a man that says he would beat the crap out of a teammate if they were caught cheating ?
And how much would you pay to see Big Papi pummel A - Fraud in steel cage match ?
Ortiz brings up a good point in that there is n’t a lot of time between when the pitcher gets a sign and when he delivers the ball , so therefore it might be near impossible for fielders to tip batters off about what pitch is coming .
But if runners are on , some pitchers do take a fair amount of time to get set and it ’s not like a batter would have to exert himself much to quickly look at the shortstop in order to get a sign .
Like Ortiz , I hope that the allegations are n’t true , because the last thing baseball needs is players finding new ways to cheat .
Over the course of human evolution , people with excess stores of fat have been more likely to survive famines , many scientists believe , living on to pass their genes to the next generation .
But these days , obesity is thought to be harmful , leading to chronic inflammation and metabolic disorders that set the stage for heart disease .
So what went awry ?
When did excess fat stop being a protective mechanism that assured survival and instead become a liability ?
A provocative new hypothesis suggests that in some people , fat not only stores energy but also revs up the body ’s immune system .
This subgroup may have enjoyed a survival advantage in the 1800s , when people were plagued by a disease that decimated Europe : tuberculosis .
By some estimates , tuberculosis has killed more than one billion people , eclipsing both the bubonic plague and the Spanish flu .
Nasa 's annotation highlights the damage along the shuttle 's right side
An inspection of the space shuttle Atlantis has uncovered some " minor " damage to the vehicle 's right side , Nasa officials say .
The shuttle appears to be in good overall shape , but engineers based in Houston are still studying the 53 cm ( 21 in ) line of chips .
More analysis is required to evaluate the case for another inspection .
Atlantis was launched on Monday to begin a risky repair mission intended to save the stricken space observatory .
Hubble has been hit by failures to its science instruments and to gyroscopes .
These gyros are used to point the observatory at targets in the sky .
If successful , the mission could extend Hubble 's lifetime beyond 2014 .
During their first full day in orbit , Atlantis 's crew used a laser - tipped boom to look for any damage to the orbiter in a 10 - hour inspection .
The chips could have been caused by debris seen during the launch
The line of chips uncovered by the astronauts are in thick tiles that make up the protective heat shield on Atlantis ' starboard side .
The damage is located where the right wing joins the shuttle 's fuselage .
Nasa said the chips could be related to a " debris event " detected by the wing 's leading edge sensors 104 - 106 seconds into the lift - off .
Officials said the damage did not appear to be serious : " To my untrained eye ... I would think [ the chips ] were minor , " lead flight director Tony Ceccaci told reporters at a news conference in Houston .
But more analysis by engineers would determine whether a " focused inspection " was needed in that specific area .
If so , astronauts would use sensors to determine the exact depth of the damage to the heat shield tiles .
Nasa has placed the space shuttle Endeavour on stand - by to rescue the crew of Atlantis if they are endangered .
If something goes wrong on this mission , Atlantis 's astronauts will not be able to shelter on the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
HUBBLE SPACE TELESCOPE
Named after the great US astronomer Edwin Hubble Launched in 1990 into a 600 km - high circular orbit Equipped with a 2.4 m primary mirror and five instruments Length : 15.9 m ; diameter : 4.2 m ; Mass : 11,110kg
In pictures : The best of Hubble The station orbits at around 350 km ( 220 miles ) above Earth , while Hubble occupies an orbit about 560 km ( 350 miles ) up .
Impacts from micrometeoroids and space debris present one of the most pernicious threats to the astronauts .
There is more space junk - from old satellites and rocket stages - at Hubble 's altitude than at the ISS's .
But a successful mission would make Hubble up to 90 times more powerful than it was in its original guise .
Atlantis roared up into the sky at 1901 BST ( 1401 EDT ) on Monday from Florida 's Kennedy Space Center .
Nasa discovered a surprising amount of damage from Monday 's launch at the pad used by Atlantis .
Managers wanted to make sure none of the material blasted off during launch hit Atlantis .
Atlantis is due to rendezvous with Hubble just after 1700 BST ( 1200 EDT ) on Wednesday .
As the shuttle approaches Hubble , astronaut Megan McArthur will use the shuttle 's robotic arm to grab the 13.2 m- ( 43 ft - ) long telescope .
She will then mount the observatory on a work platform in the shuttle 's cargo bay to allow the spacewalkers easy access to Hubble .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The next day , astronauts will begin the first of five gruelling spacewalks planned for the 11 - day mission .
Crew members will install new instruments and thermal blankets , repair two existing instruments , replace gyroscopes , batteries and a unit that stores and transmits science data to Earth .
Astronauts will remove the existing Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 instrument to make way for the new Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) .
This camera , able to take amazingly sharp images over a broad range of colours , will enable astronomers to carry out new studies of dark energy and dark matter , searching for remote galaxies previously beyond Hubble 's vision .
Spacewalkers will also swap the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement ( Costar ) device for the new Cosmic Origins Spectrograph ( COS ) .
COS is designed for ultraviolet spectroscopy and will probe the origins of large scale structure in the Universe as well as the formation and evolution of galaxies .
Nasa plans to make repairs to the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph ( STIS ) , which suffered a power failure in 2004 , and to the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) , which was hit by an electrical short in 2007 .
After the work to Hubble is complete , Atlantis will boost the telescope to a higher altitude , ensuring that it survives the tug of Earth 's gravity and the drag of the uppermost atmosphere for the remainder of its operating lifetime .
Launched in 1990 , the Hubble Space Telescope is now regarded as one of the most important instruments in the history of astronomy .
It has made a remarkable contribution to our understanding of the origin and evolution of the Universe .
Following the Columbia disaster in 2003 , which claimed the lives of seven astronauts , another mission to service Hubble was considered too hazardous .
The reason was astronauts would not be able to use the space station as a safe haven if the shuttle sustained damage on launch .
Nasa has now accepted the risk of the mission , but will have the shuttle Endeavour ready to launch immediately to bring the crew home if the servicing mission is put at risk .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For weeks of doing some inspirational articles , here is another post that will inspire you .
If your a graphic artist then you surely love anime and manga artworks .
This post is something to do with anime but in more creative and artistic look .
They called it Paper Child .
Here is 30 + Cute and Clever Anime Paper Child Art. Below you will see some anime characters drawn on a paper and shoot it in a proper perspective to look like it exist .
The US Department of Defense is the largest consumer of energy in the United States spending $ 18 billion a year .
Fueling jet engines and running generators at operating bases use up much of the Pentagon ’s fuel .
Coupled with economics , dwindling natural resources , and the dangers of transporting fuel in war zones ( half of all US casualties in Iraq are from attacks on fuel carrying convoys ) , the military plans to spend economic stimulus money on alternative fuels and energy conservation .
Traditionally , the Department of Defense has cared little about saving money .
The recent shift towards alternative fuels as a military priority is an effort to reduce casualties rather than save natural resources or funds .
“ The honest - to - God truth , the most compelling reason to do it is it saves lives , ” said Brigadier General Steven Anderson , director of operations and logistics for the Army .
Saving money , preserving dwindling natural resources and lessening U.S. dependence on foreign sources are lesser priorities of the alternative fuels and energy conservation initiatives .
The Iraq and Afghanistan Wars have set the record for the most fuel consumption of any war in US history .
Since the War on Terror began in 2001 , the amount of oil consumption has increased from 50 million gallons to 500 million gallons a year at bases .
Using Economic Stimulus Package money , the Pentagon has several alternative fuels and energy saving projects planned .
Tactical Garbage to Energy Refinery : Deployed in the summer of 2008 , the Army tried mobile unit prototypes that converted field waste ( paper , plastic , cardboard and food slop ) into biofuel using an anaerobic microbial process .
The garbage - based biofuel was used to power a 60 - kilowatt generator .
Unfortunately , the prototypes broke down and could n’t handle the ton of trash a day a base creates .
$ 7.5 million of the stimulus money will be used to create a more rugged model .
: Deployed in the summer of 2008 , the Army tried mobile unit prototypes that converted field waste ( paper , plastic , cardboard and food slop ) into biofuel using an anaerobic microbial process .
The garbage - based biofuel was used to power a 60 - kilowatt generator .
Unfortunately , the prototypes broke down and could n’t handle the ton of trash a day a base creates .
$ 7.5 million of the stimulus money will be used to create a more rugged model .
Lightweight , Flexible Photovoltaic Mats : $ 15 million of the stimulus money will be used by the military to develop solar mats that can be rolled up and transported easily to forward bases .
“ We think $ 15 million will let us build , develop and test one of these roll - out mats , ” said Alan R. Shaffer , director of defense research and engineering at the Pentagon .
: $ 15 million of the stimulus money will be used by the military to develop solar mats that can be rolled up and transported easily to forward bases .
“ We think $ 15 million will let us build , develop and test one of these roll - out mats , ” said Alan R. Shaffer , director of defense research and engineering at the Pentagon .
Algae into Jet Propulsion Fuel 8 : $ 6 million will go towards the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency for converting algae into jet fuel for the Navy and Air Force .
: $ 6 million will go towards the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency for converting algae into jet fuel for the Navy and Air Force .
Hybrid Tactical Vehicles : $ 27 million will fund the development of a hybrid engine the Army can use in tactical vehicles .
: $ 27 million will fund the development of a hybrid engine the Army can use in tactical vehicles .
Highly Efficient Portable Fuel Cells :
In order to reduce the battery load infantry soldiers must carry , $ 2 million will be dedicated for the development of fuel cell technology .
: In order to reduce the battery load infantry soldiers must carry , $ 2 million will be dedicated for the development of fuel cell technology .
Spray - Foam
Tents :
The $ 29 million expansion of this energy conservation program will insulate tents reducing the amount of fuel needed for heating and cooling .
The current program saves the Army $ 2 million per day .
I ’m all for the Pentagon using stimulus money for alternative fuels and energy saving initiatives , and I hope the projects result in information that will be shared with the private sector and not classified .
However , no matter how much money the military spends to be green , the greatest good they can do for the environment and human rights is to end the conflict in the Middle East .
Image : PlanetSave
We ’re normally into all - ages sorts of crafts , but once in a while a crafty gal has got to cut loose !
How about fancying up your next cocktail party with a home - made vodka infusion ?
Many store bought “ infused ” vodkas are full of mystery sweeteners and artificial flavors .
Keep all those unwanted chemicals out of your cocktail and get creative at the same time !
You can even go for an organic vodka .
This infusion recipe only take a few days , so if you get started today , you ’ll be all set for any shindigs this weekend !
Here are a basic recipe and a couple of flavor suggestions to get you going :
Basic Vodka Infusion clean glass containers – bonus points if you rescue something from the recycle bin !
Old juice bottles or large glass jars work great for this .
funnel , for pouring the vodka into your container
organic vodka of your choice
fruits , veggies , and herbs of your choice
cheese cloth , for straining
To prepare : Clean your glass container out really well with hot , soapy water .
Make sure it ’s totally dry .
Cut up your ingredients into large chunks and stab each piece multiple times with a fork .
If you ’re using fresh herbs , you can leave these whole .
Put your fruits , veggies , and / or herbs into a glass container , fill with vodka of your choice , and let the mixture steep for 2 - 3 days .
Strain your concoction through the cheese cloth a couple of times , trying to get out as much sediment as you can .
If you used herbs , you can actually stick them back into the bottle after straining for a decorative touch .
The best part about infusions is that you can get experimental !
Try fun combinations of fruits , herbs , and even veggies and see what you get !
You can mix these into cocktails , serve them over ice , or combine them with a little simple syrup and soda water to really bring out the flavors in the vodka .
If you ’re not sure what you want to try , here are a couple of tasty options :
lemon cucumber – this would be great in a bloody mary or sweetened with a little soda water and maybe a sprig of organic mint ?
basil – totally delicious mixed with pomegranate juice .
Fact !
whole vanilla bean – perfect for making white Russians .
White Russians are easy to veganize , too – just substitute almond or soy milk for the light cream
pear – try mixing this one with raspberry soda
garlic – yet another infusion that ’s great in a bloody mary .
This list is far from comprehensive .
Experiment with different flavors , and have fun !
Have you made any boozy infusions ?
Tell us all about it in the comments !
Image Credits :
Infusing Vodka – photo by Becky Striepe
Limoncello – Creative Commons photo by Chad Miller
Even though we seem to have come to a point where little is sacred , in some areas we ’ve actually turned the “ frankness level ” down a bit .
This may be because advertisers discovered that frank talk about body odors and other offenses make people squeamish and turn them off .
Or that they discovered it ’s more effective to tell people they can smell like a budding flower on a spring day just after a rain shower , than it is to tell them they stink .
I ca n’t believe that the problems articulated so bluntly in these ads , which range from 1934 to 1954 , were more prevalent then than they are now .
But you ’d think the solution to almost all social problems back then was to simply purchase the right product .
Click on any image for a larger version .
Some professionals believe the problems addressed by these products are not really what the advertisers would lead us to believe , and that special products are not necessary to “ treat ” them .
But we buy the products and use them out of fear that we are , in fact , one of those people that has to guard against such offenses .
And there is no better way to instill fear than to associate our inadequacies with work success , social standing or a successful marriage .
Seems bad breath or a dingy shirt can kill them all pretty quickly .
We ’ve come so far in this sort of advertising that many modern ads say the exact same thing , only in a parody fashion which is suppose to be funny .
Yet the message is still the same — chew this gum or use this cologne and you will get all those things you ’ve been missing out on .
My favorite of the bunch is this one , for Lux laundry detergent .
The poor woman has to watch as the gay neighbors pile in the car ( complete with rumble seat — what fun ) and take of on a merry adventure .
Could it be her smelly under things ?
The P.S. to the ad ?
“ Now Mrs. Hays has many friends in town … ”
And what young gal would n’t be horrified by getting a Wall - Flower Valentine ?
In this case , the solution is a good cup of tea , which “ peps ” you up and keeps you perky .
And God knows everyone prefers perky to slowpoke .
It ’s one thing to have bad breath or some other problem , but if you have to break up a marriage I hope it would n’t be over something as trivial as the whiteness of a man ’s shirt .
Seems this poor woman is at wit ’s end trying to rekindle the romance .
And what couple has n’t had a knockdown “ Do n’t Speak to Me ! ” kind of fight over shabby - looking shoes worn to a party ?
This couple did .
If only he had thought to buy Kiwi Boot Polish .
He could have saved his marriage and his wife the humiliation of being seen with him .
And how about this poor guy who never knew why the girl he loved married another .
Turn out it was mere halitosis ( bad breath ) .
When they gave it a medical name they really hit a nerve , I ’m sure .
The tagline ?
“ Before any date ….. Listerine Antiseptic . ”
You bet — there ’s nothing like bad breath masked by the smell of Listerine Antiseptic to turn a gal on .
In this sequence , John forgets their anniversary because she smells bad .
And , as we discover when she turns to Auntie , it ’s because she ’s been indifferent in not buying Lifebuoy Health Soap .
One bar of sweet soap = one 2lb box of candy .
Not a bad trade .
Do n’t get me wrong — anything that boosts confidence is great in my book .
So if you are a he without a she , or a she who gets no male , then maybe you should switch toothpastes or laundry soap .
It ’s worth a few extra pennies to have a happy life .
Tags
A lot of golfers get bogged down in the numbers game , analysing their every shot , loft , number of spikes in their shoes , buttons on their trousers etc etc .
It all makes us feel better when we hit another errant shot .
But a lot of poeple would like to know just what average is , so let 's crunch some of the numbers .
What is the average handicap ?
According to this extract from the Daily Mail , the average for men and women is 15.2 .
However the average score is well over 100 .
Why such a disparity ?
Well , the majority of scores posted are by keen golfers ; i.e. those who play often enough to get their handicap lower .
Plus you 're less likely to post that 115 in the rain ...
Are people honest about their handicap ?
Golf digest states almost 90 % of handicaps are truthful .
What about the other 10 % ?
These fall into the following categories :
Sandbaggers : these post artificially high scores so they have more of an advantage in net competitions .
They may post very few scorecards , or even simply cheat to make their scores worse .
They make up around 2 % of golfers .
: these post artificially high scores so they have more of an advantage in net competitions .
They may post very few scorecards , or even simply cheat to make their scores worse .
They make up around 2 % of golfers .
Vanity handicappers : the opposite of sandbaggers , these golfers post only their very best scores , or embellish them to appear better .
It is estimated these make up around 10 % of golfers .
Scratch that , where are the driving distances ?
A study from growingthegame.org demonstrated that the average drive for a 90 - 95 scoring male golfer is just 192 yards .
For women scoring 95 - 100 , the figure is 145 yards .
These figures taken from average golfer represent a lower handicap player :
Average driver distance , men : 200 - 260 yards .
200 - 260 yards .
Average driver distance , women : 150-200 yards .
150-200 yards .
Average 6 iron , men : 130 - 160 yards .
130 -160 yards .
Average 6 - iron , women : 70 - 130 yards .
70 - 130 yards .
Average pitching wedge , men : 80 - 120 yards .
80 - 120 yards .
Average pitching wedge , women : 50 - 80 yards .
How long should a round of golf take ?
Golfers overestimate their drivers by anything up to 20 - 30 + yards .
However lower handicap players tend to be more accurate in their assessment .
A round of golf is commonly quoted as lasting around 4 - 5 hours .
However this increases or decreases depending on your handicap .
A study showed that 60 % of use take 4 - 5 hours , however 40 % of 0 - 9 handicappers get a round done in under 4 hours .
10 % of 30 + handicappers take 5 - 6 hours to finish a round .
Looking for their lost balls presumably .
Sources
http://www.growingthegame.org/
- research done in 2004 inviting a wide selection of golfers to offer suggestions and opinions .
Average golfer
Manchester United discovered what it is like to lose a European Cup final as brilliant Barcelona ruled Rome .
If there is any consolation in failure to become the first side to retain the trophy in the Champions League era , it is that they lost to a side as fluent and brilliant to watch as they are .
Samuel Eto'o and Lionel Messi scored the goals either side of half - time but to single those two out for special praise would be unfair on their team - mates , and particularly Xavi , who was simply awesome .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
For once Cristiano Ronaldo could provide no magic of his own , instead getting increasingly frustrated as defeat loomed .
It was a shame really .
Although having done so much damage to others down the years , he does now know how it feels .
Twenty four hours earlier , Sir Alex Ferguson had spoken of reaching into the far corners of his brain for an inspiring word or two prior to kick - off .
As half - time approached , that same grey matter might have preferred a word or two about Barcelona 's performance .
Sublime would have been one .
Bewitching , mesmerising would do equally as well .
For a football man like Ferguson it would have been a joy to watch if his side were not the ones trying to stop it .
The kind of football that allowed the Catalans to hit six goals past Real Madrid at the Bernabeu Stadium last month was not in evidence for the first eight minutes or so as United held sway .
However , once it began to emerge , Ferguson 's side had precious few answers .
The shape of the contest might have been so different had Park Ji-sung been able to snaffle the rebound after Victor Valdes had failed to hold a stinging Ronaldo free - kick .
Instead , former United man Gerard Pique shot across to block what proved to be his old club 's best opportunity of that opening period .
Like his team , Ronaldo was clearly in the ascendancy in his personal duel with Messi .
How rapidly things changed .
In the twinkling of an eye Andres Iniesta , one of the brightest starts in the Barcelona firmament , slipped a pass to Eto'o .
The Cameroon striker cut inside Nemanja Vidic , then held off Michael Carrick as he prodded the ball goalward with enough strength to take it past Edwin van der Sar .
Suddenly the strategy of containment and hitting at pace on the counter - attack suggested by the inclusion of Park and the exclusion of Carlos Tevez and Dimitar Berbatov did not look such a good idea .
Ferguson 's team shot across the pitch , able to do little more than firefight as Messi , Iniesta and Xavi lit bonfires all around .
Had a Messi flick found Eto'o in the area , it would have probably brought Barcelona 's second .
Rio Ferdinand 's agility saved his team .
Xavi curled a free - kick just wide , Vidic pumped the ball away after Van der Sar had failed to hold a cross shot , the slick passing wearing United down all the while .
The arrival of Tevez at half - time had to come , and with it a more overtly offensive approach .
Yet in taking such bold action , Ferguson knew he was playing right into Barcelona 's hands .
Xavi picked out Thierry Henry with a brilliant pass .
The former Arsenal star cut inside Ferdinand with ease but could not find the finish , a similar mistake to the one that proved so costly for Arsenal in Paris three years ago .
When Xavi saw his free - kick come thumping back off a post , memories of 1999 and the mauling United nearly took at the hands of Bayern Munich sprang to mind .
Yet this was different .
Ferguson 's team were poor until the unforgettable ending .
This time they were simply ripped apart by the only team on the planet who can match them .
The introduction of Berbatov midway through the second half was effectively Ferguson throwing his book of tactics out of the window and not worry about the consequences if it all went wrong .
Sadly it did .
Quite quickly as Xavi 's curling cross dropped perfectly for Messi , who guided his header over Van der Sar .
Ronaldo's world player of the year crown was slipping and Valdes managed to get in the way of a close - range effort that would have given United some hope , as would the volley from Berbatov that followed .
Berbatov had another chance too , although by then Carles Puyol had seen two efforts saved by Van der Sar .
In truth , the Dutchman was his side 's best player , which just about says it all .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Here is the update for the week of 05/28/09 .
Enjoy .
North American Update
Add On Content
LittleBigPlanet 2000 AD Costume Pack ( $ 5.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Rogue Trooper Costume ( $ 1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Johnny Alpha Costume ( $ 1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Hammerstein Costume ( $ 1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Judge Dredd and Judge Anderson Costumes ( $ 1.99 )
MotorStorm Pacific Rift Mohawk Signature Livery Pack ( free )
Resistance 2 Multiplayer Grim Skin ( free )
Resistance 2 Malikov MP Skin ( free )
Age of Booty Map Pack 6 ( free )
Age of Booty Map Pack 7 ( free )
Age of Booty Map Pack 8 ( free )
Age of Booty Map Packs 9 ( free )
Chronicles of Riddick : EFBB Commentary Mode ( free )
Chronicles of Riddick : AODA Premium MP Pack ( $ 9.99 )
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 Pack 4 ( free )
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 Pack 5 ( free )
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 Pack 6 ( free )
Saint ’s Row 2 : Corporate Warfare DLC ( $ 6.99 )
Rock Band
“ Cuz U R Next ” — Ministry ( $ 1.99 )
“ LiesLiesLies ” — Ministry ( $ 1.99 )
“ The Great Satan ” — Ministry ( $ 1.99 )
Ministry Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 )
“ Linger ” — The Cranberries ( $ 1.99 )
“ She ’s Not There ” — The Zombies ( $ 1.99 )
“ Tell Her No ” — The Zombies ( $ 1.99 )
“ Kids Don’t Follow ” — The Replacements ( $ 1.99 )
Guitar Hero World Tour
“ The Touch ” by Stan Bush ( free )
PSone Classics PS3 / PSP
Resident Evil Director ’s Cut ( $ 9.99 )
Game Demos ( free )
Crash Commando Demo
Game Videos ( free )
Trash Panic Preview Trailer
inFamous Hero ’s Journey Trailer
The BIGS 2 Minigames Teaser Trailer
Madden NFL 10 Reveal Trailer
Red Faction : Guerrilla Tools of Destruction Trailer 3
Red Faction : Guerrilla Tools of Destruction Trailer 4
PS3 Themes
Demons
Theme ( $ 1.49 )
PSP
Holy Invasion of Privacy , Badman !
Demo
Rock Band : Unplugged Demo
Demon 1 Theme ( $ 0.99 )
Demon 2 Theme ( $ 0.99 )
European Update
Downloadable Games
Cellfactor : Psychokinetic Wars ( £ 7.99/€9.99 )
Inferno Pool ( £ 6.29/€7.99 )
Add On Content
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Car – Enzo Ferrari ( £ 1.29 /€1.49 )
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Car – Ferrari 430 Scuderia ( £ 1.29 /€1.49 )
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Car – Ferrari 612 Sessanta ( £ 1.29 /€1.49 )
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Car – Ferrari I 599 GTB Fiorano ( £ 1.29 /€1.49 )
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Car – Ferrari F330 P4 ( £ 1.29 /€1.49 )
Ferrari Challenge Packs Additional Track– Nurburgring ( £ 2.89/€2.99 )
Cuboid Bundle Pack – ( This pack bundles together the Booster Pack and Level Editor Pack ) ( £ 7.99/€4.99 )
Cuboid Booster Pack ( £ 3.19 /€2.99 )
Cuboid Level Editor Pack ( £ 4.79/€3.99 )
LittleBigPlanet 2000 AD Costume Kit ( £ 4.79 /€5.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Judge Dredd Costume ( £ 1.59 /€1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Hammerstein Costume ( £ 1.59 /€1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Johnny Alpha Costume ( £ 1.59 /€1.99 )
LittleBigPlanet Rogue Trooper Costume ( £ 1.59 /€1.99 )
Saints Row 2 Corporate Warfare ( £ 4.79/€5.99 )
Sonic Unleashed Apotos & Shamar Adventure Pack ( £ 2.39 /€2.99 )
MotorStorm : Pacific Rift Mohawk Signature Livery Pack ( free )
Dynasty Warriors : Gundam 2 Additional Missions 4 – 6 ( free )
Rock Band
‘ Cuz U R Next ’ – Ministry ( £ 0.99 /€1.49 )
‘ Lieslieslies ’ – Ministry ( £0.99 /€1.49 )
‘ Linger ’ – The Cranberries ( £0.99 /€1.49 )
‘ She ’s Not There ’ – The Zombies ( £ 0.99 / €1.49 )
‘ Tell Her No’ – The Zombies ( £ 0.99 / €1.49 )
‘ The Great Satan ’ – Ministry ( £ 0.99 / €1.49 )
Ministry Pack 01 ( £ 2.49/€3.99 )
Guitar Hero World Tour
‘ The Touch ’ by Stan Bush ( £ 1.59 /€1.99 )
Game Videos ( free )
MAG Trailer
Trash Panic Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Assault Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Engineer Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Medic Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Saboteur Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Scout Trailer
Killzone 2 – Badge Abilities : Tactician Trailer
Themes and Wallpapers
F.E.A.R.2 : Project Origin MP
Theme ( free )
PSP
Monster Hunter Freedom Unite Demo
Rock Band Unplugged Demo
Dynasty Warriors : Strikeforce – Additional Quests 1
Japan Update
Google Translation
Add On Content
Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Empires “ Normal armor set for the edit man . ”
Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Empires “ Calamity Jane set the edit armor for women . ”
Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Empires “ Imperial armor set for the edit man . ”
Shin Sangoku Musou 5 Empires “ The Queen Edith armor for women . ”
Tom Clancy ’s HAWX “ YOROPIANASARUTOPAKKU ”
Tom Clancy ’s HAWX “ US Pack Eagle ”
Tom Clancy ’s HAWX “ ROSHIANFARUKONPAKKU
”
RITORUBIGGUPURANETTO
™ “ 2000 AD costume kit ”
RITORUBIGGUPURANETTO
™ “ Hammerstein costume ”
RITORUBIGGUPURANETTO
™ “ Judge Dred costume ”
RITORUBIGGUPURANETTO
™ “ Rogue trooper costume ”
RITORUBIGGUPURANETTO
™ “ Johnny Alpha costume ”
RESISTANCE ® 2 ’s additional skins for MARUCHIPUREI “ MARIKOFU ” “ Grimm ”
KILLZONE ® 2 “ & Pack Titanium steel ”
MotorStorm ® 2 “ SHIGUNECHAKOREKUSHON Vol.3 ”
For the people GOLF 5 “ , Vol.1 ROBIKYARAPATSUSETTO additional usage rights ”
The Last Guy “ BONASUSUTEJIPAKKU ”
Video Content
The Mushishi
The space ( sky ) on a girl ’s
The Senjou no Valkyria
The Mai-HiME
Gun × Sword
The first step
Belial ’s KAIJI adversity
BAMBOO BLADE BANBUBUREDO
To another , you NOEIN
The Captain’s
The BLUE GENDER
ZERO AGARESUTO war movie , promotion
PSP
Shin Sangoku Musou MULTI RAID “ Add Content Version 14 ”
The brave 30 “ A world leading launch a ”
The brave 30 “ A world leading release 2 ”
The brave 30 “ A world ’s leading launch ”
Valiant 30 “ ACT - Speed Trial ” Knight 30 “
Makai Senki disc 2 PORTABLE Gaia , “ Delivery villagers : Toro & black ”
Makai Senki disc 2 PORTABLE Gaia , “ Delivery character : ARUMASU ”
Makai Senki disc 2 PORTABLE Gaia , “ Delivery character : Sapphire ”
Makai Senki disc 2 PORTABLE Gaia , “ Character distribution : Pre-nail . ”
Makai Senki disc 2 PORTABLE Gaia , “ Delivery Item : Fist of Toro ”
Hong Kong Update
Add On Content
Last Guy Additional Content
Little Big Planet Content
Motorstorm II Lunar - Tec Signature Livery Pack
Game Demos
Nothing here hints that we ’re in the center of Israel except for the building tops peeping every now and then from a distance beyond the bushes
It 's time for a new BA Giveaway !
And this time we have a twofer .
Alien not included .
Seth Shostak is an astronomer who hunts for aliens ... with SETI .
He just wrote a book called Confessions of an Alien Hunter , and it 's wonderful .
It 's a fun discussion of looking for other civilizations among the stars and Seth 's involvement with SETI .
In my opinion this is his best book yet , and that 's saying something .
I also have a two - CD set of Seth 's podcast / radio show " Are We Alone " .
It has recordings of several episodes , including one with moi -- I do a Skeptical Sunday bit with Seth called " Brains on Vacation " .
Both the book and the CD are signed by Seth his own self , and I put my signature on the CD too ( the book actually has an official " Are We Alone " sticker that Seth signed for me because I stupidly forgot to get him to sign the book directly when he was here in Boulder last month ) .
These items will be given away separately .
I may throw in extra junk I have lying around my office too .
So how do you win these fabulous things ?
Easy .
All you have to do is leave a comment on this post .
Just post something in the comments below , like " Phil rulez and Seth droolz " or something equally elegant .
It does n't matter what you post as long as you post something .
On Friday , May 8 at noon Mountain time ( UTC - 6 ) , I will generate a random number , and the person who leaves that number comment wins the book .
I 'll then pick a second number , and that person wins the CD set .
I 'll send the winners emails notifying them , and they 'll have until Monday May 11th at noon MT to get back to me .
I 'll pick another commenter if I do n't hear back by then .
That person will have until noon the next day to get back to me , and so one , until winners are chosen .
Here are some rules for you .
READ THESE .
Violate them and I 'll send your email address and IP to the ShamWOW guy .
1 ) Leave a comment ONLY ONCE .
I trust you folks , but I feel I must make this warning :
No matter how tempting it is to followup on someone else 's comment , do n't do it .
Anyone caught doing that ( or cheating in any way ) not only wo n't win the book , but your comment will simply be deleted .
Be ye fairly warned , says I . 2 ) Make sure that you enter a valid email address in the form when you leave your comment .
If you do n't , you wo n't win , since email is how I will contact the winner .
Since I 'm busy and bore easily I wo n't try to figure out your address ; if there 's no valid email , I 'll simply pick another winner .
3 ) To be fair , if you 're an actual friend of mine IRL then please do n't apply .
I 'll leave it up to your own judgment if you fall in that category or not .
4 ) Anyone else is eligible , including all you foreigner types .
Remember , you have until noon Friday !
So comment away !
Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) replaces naked call for violent revolution with metaphorical violence : “ I want [ my constituents ] to be armed with knowledge , so they can be dangerous to the policies of the left . ”
Late Update : Speaking of which , David Weigel attended the annual Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot near Louisville , Ky. , over the weekend — and took pictures .
Later Update : Oh , my .
Just in case you thought Bachmann was toning things down , she ’s now comparing Ted ’s Kennedy ’s “ Serve America Act , ” a community service program for young people , with “ re-education camps “ :
Getting a hot chick to go out with you is a difficult thing and countless books , websites and TV shows have covered the topic .
So let 's say you follow the advice to the letter and , shockingly , it works .
Now you 're a geek going out with a super hot chick and the two of you have absolutely zero in common .
Let 's change that ; let 's turn a Hot Chick Into a Geek .
The key to flipping any hot " square " into an uberhot geek is the Bridge Theory .
When two land masses are separated ( by water , by a canyon , whatever ) , the easiest way to bring them together is a bridge .
Bridge
Theory for flipping a hot square works the same way ; most hot chicks CAN be turned geek if you know the proper " bridge . "
For each geeky category , there are several bridges .
Use the bridges and you will be able to increase the geek factor notch by notch .
Forget the bridges and your hot chick will never , ever be interested in that subgenre of geekdom again .
So do n't have her sit through an all day marathon of " Red Dwarf " unprepared or she will never want to watch anything remotely Britcom or sci fi again .
Be careful , take your time and you 'll have a model quoting " They Live " in no time .
Hot chicks normally like mainstream , multiplex flicks .
This should be obvious ; they contain good looking stars , which are people they can relate to .
I 'm not suggesting all hot chicks are shallow .
Not at all .
But just like how you enjoyed " Superbad " so much because you related to the fat and nerdy protagonists , hot chicks enjoy movies like " Mr. and Mrs. Smith " because they contain people like Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .
The key , then , to a cinematic bridge is to find a middle ground between geekiness and hot .
The perfect " bridge " filmmaker , when it comes to genre flicks , is Quentin Tarantino .
Every one of his flicks from " Pulp Fiction " onward have had the perfect balance of hot chicks and celebrities on one side and geeky genre film worship on the other .
It 's an added bonus that he writes so well for women , making his two part " Kill Bill " flick and his half of " Grindhouse " ( " Death Proof " ) the perfect bridges between your hot chick and genres of cinema as diverse as martial arts flicks , slasher flicks and road movies .
Once your hot chick has seen good looking , intelligent female characters having fun in films that not only hint at other , older genre flicks but also out and out reference them , you 're set .
After checking out " Kill Bill , " for example , you might as well show her " Shogun Assassins ; " that 1980 film was the one the Bride 's daughter as watching , after all .
You could throw in some " Enter The Dragon , " " Drunken Master " and any anime of your choosing for good measure .
If you use the " bridge " and time it well , you 'll have a super sexy Asian cinema fanatic in no time .
" Death Proof " is a shorter film than " Kill Bill " but it 's possibly more potent with its genre film connections .
If your lady digs Tarantino 's " car slasher " flick starring Kurt Russell , she 'll probably take a liking to flicks like " Escape from New York " and " Big Trouble in Little China . "
If she was able to handle the " thrills and chills , " she might enjoy some legitimate slasher flicks , like " Halloween , " " Last House on the Left " and " Friday the 13th . "
And in the probable scenario that your lady is turned on by the car 's in the film , you 're fuckin ' in .
You can not only parlay that into her interest in speed flicks ( like " Vanishing Point , " the original " Gone in 60 Seconds " and " The French Connection , " ) but you might be able to get her into racing video games too .
Do n't push your luck TOO hard with this bridge , however .
Just because she 's starting to enjoy Asian movies does n't mean she wo n't run away in terror if you put on the hentai porn ( though if she sticks around , you and your tentacle monster are safe ) .
Same goes for slasher flicks ; she might enjoy " Halloween " but that does n't mean she 's ready for " Cannibal Holocaust . "
If you had the patience it takes to cultivate a hot chick , though , you should be fine .
Die Hard gaming girls do exist .
Thanks to G4TV and Morgan Webb , we know this is true .
Now , hot die hard gaming girls ?
Ones who ACTUALLY play video games ( we 're looking at YOU Olivia Munn ) ?
That is a rare breed .
And while you might not be able to convert your hottie into a " true " die hard gamer , you should be able to get her pretty interested in video games .
And for that , you can thank Nintendo and their its flagship title : the Wii .
Now , I am not suggesting it 's time for you to ditch your PS3 and XBox 360 ( and their superior graphics and , in many cases , gameplay ) and dedicate your life to the Wii .
That 'd be pretty retarded .
But the Wii is a perfect bridge system for hot chicks .
Now , the reason why hot chicks have been excluding themselves from the gamer demographic for so long is because of the public perception that video games are anti social .
While us dudes might find that concept one of the more appealing aspects of video games , the same does not fly for hot chicks .
Hot chicks , by their very nature , are social .
The fastest way for a hot chick to gain validation is to appear in a social situation and appear insanely hot .
This is why girls wear hot dresses ( it has nothing to do with us , fellas ) .
Wii Sports and Wii Fit , then , are perfect games to lure in the girls because they 're both social and they have the added dubious benefit of being exercise ( which hot chicks enjoy ) .
Once they 've either mastered or grown tired of both games , it 's time for step two : get her Guitar Hero .
Yes , I know Guitar Hero for Wii is shitty .
Far shittier than its counterparts on other systems .
But it will serve as the perfect buffer between your hottie and the purchase of an XBox 360 and / or PS3 .
Once your significant ( ly hotter ) other has realized the limitations of the system , she 'll start dropping hints she wants Rock Band and an XBox .
Trust me , I 'm there now .
I actually have to ask my ( hot ) girlfriend to stop playing video games every so often ; when she gets in her zone , there 's no stopping that crazy , crazy girl .
Now there are some games that , no matter how hard you try , you will not be able to nor would you want to convincer her she likes .
Chief among those games is " World of Warcraft . "
Hot chicks do n't like totally immersive games where you bury yourself into a character ; they do n't need to escape reality so they choose not to .
Also , any game that requires you give it more attention than your girlfriend HAS to be bad for your relationship .
Be careful and game in caution .
Comic Books and graphic novels ( especially ) have gained much prominence in the last 10 years .
What started out as mere colored ink on pulp is now an industry that pumps out awesome stories and new and ever exciting properties by the week .
A suitable bridge for hot chicks to get into comics is the work of James Kochalka .
James does these autobiographical anthologies where he documents his somewhat mundane life and , as luck would have it , depicts himself as an elf .
For anyone who has n't seen his work , it sounds pretty , well , gay .
And it sort of is , but at the same time it 's pretty funny and , more importantly , thanks to the cutesy drawing style , the kind of stuff your hot girlfriend will like ( she 'd been in good company ; Frank Miller likes Kochalka 's stuff as well ) .
After she 's checked out Kochalka , you can slowly introduce her to Brian K. Vaughn .
The easiest " in " at this point would be " Runaways . "
Even though it's an awesomely written and drawn comic that 's both hilarious and action packed , " Runaways " still remains , in its core , what it was commissioned as : a comic for girls .
From " Runaways , " you can quickly and painlessly move on to more Vaughn stuff ( especially the girl - friendly " Y : The Last Man " ) .
You can also easily move her onto some manga ( if that 's your scene ) .
Go slowly moving into straight super hero stuff , though .
Just because she digs the skrull in " Runaways " does n't mean she 'll want to read every back issue of John Byrne 's run on " Fantastic 4 .
" Here 's a toughie .
There 's no true bridge from a hot chick to science fiction .
The work of Richard Kelly and Joss Whedon is probably the closest we 've got and " Buffy The Vampire Slayer " and " Donnie Darko " both seem like perfect bridges on the surface level .
But both examples are , upon deeper inspection , far too nerdy for a simple dabbler .
There 's something off putting about science fiction to hot chicks .
I have n't quite put my finger on it , but I think it has something to do with the fact that , in sci fi , any truly hot chick is either an alien or a member of the Borg .
Future filmmakers out there , there 's an opening : make the sci fi equivalent to " Kill Bill " and you will be a hero to millions of geeks everywhere .
Good luck with that .
02/03/2005
Illness and medical bills caused half of the 1,458,000 personal bankruptcies in 2001 , according to a study published by the journal Health Affairs .
The study estimates that medical bankruptcies affect about 2 million Americans annually -- counting debtors and their dependents , including about 700,000 children .
Surprisingly , most of those bankrupted by illness had health insurance .
More than three - quarters were insured at the start of the bankrupting illness .
However , 38 percent had lost coverage at least temporarily by the time they filed for bankruptcy .
Most of the medical bankruptcy filers were middle class ; 56 percent owned a home and the same number had attended college .
In many cases , illness forced breadwinners to take time off from work -- losing income and job - based health insurance precisely when families needed it most .
Families in bankruptcy suffered many privations -- 30 percent had a utility cut off and 61 percent went without needed medical care .
The research , carried out jointly by researchers at Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School , is the first in - depth study of medical causes of bankruptcy .
With the cooperation of bankruptcy judges in five Federal districts ( in California , Illinois , Pennsylvania , Tennessee and Texas ) they administered questionnaires to bankruptcy filers and reviewed their court records .
Dr. David Himmelstein , the lead author of the study and an Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard commented : " Unless you 're Bill Gates you 're just one serious illness away from bankruptcy .
Most of the medically bankrupt were average Americans who happened to get sick . "
Today 's health insurance policies -- with high deductibles , co-pays , and many exclusions -- offer little protection during a serious illness .
Uncovered medical bills averaged $ 13,460 for those with private insurance at the start of their illness .
People with cancer had average medical debts of $ 35,878 .
" The paradox is that the costliest health system in the world performs so poorly .
We waste one - third of every health care dollar on insurance bureaucracy and profits while two million people go bankrupt annually and we leave 45 million uninsured " said Dr. Quentin Young , national coordinator of Physicians for a National Health Program .
" With national health insurance ( ' Medicare for All ' ) , we could provide comprehensive , lifelong coverage to all Americans for the same amount we are spending now and end the cruelty of ruining families financially when they get sick . "
According to reports , it looks like Windows 7 will be released October 23 , 2009 .
That 's a few months earlier than Microsoft had publicly committed to , and could mean extra sales for the holiday season .
So far , Microsoft has only described its target of releasing the new system three years after Windows Vista , which would have been 23 January .
But British laptop manufacturer
Acer has told a tech website his firm will be selling a Windows 7 PC after October 23 .
Bobby Watkins told pocket - lint.com that Acer 's new Z5600 model , specially designed for Windows 7 , will be available with the system from that date .
He also said customers who buy an Acer Vista PC in the 30 days beforehand will get a free upgrade to Windows 7 .
That confirms previous reports that Microsoft will allow such upgrade deals , but is leaving the details with individual manufacturers .
( Source : pocket - lint.com )
30 Day Trial
Acer will also be showing off the Z5600 in stores during this 30 - day period .
Presuming it will be running Windows 7 at this time , that suggests firms may be allowed a period to hype up Windows 7 with demos and try to create some buzz over its launch .
Microsoft has n't confirmed the time table , but speaking before the story broke , the firm 's Windows head Bill Veghte said , " A holiday release is accomplishable . "
An October release would allow the firm to benefit from sales of Windows PCs in the run-up to Christmas .
( Source : mercurynews.com )
Ready To Roll
What is confirmed is that the development process is about to hit its penultimate step .
Developers were given access to the first Windows 7 release candidate yesterday , and it will be available for public download from Tuesday .
A release candidate marks the first edition of the system which Microsoft believes is good enough that it could conceivably go on sale .
From this point , the only changes it will make will be for security issues , or for any newly - discovered bugs affecting performance .
Here is the deal for those of you who are here to see sideline princess Melanie Collins from back in her Penn State days : the photo of tongue to rear has been removed .
Why ?
Because there is heat in New York .
You get our drift ?
Honchos do n’t like this sort of thing .
Some douchey NBA ( spelling ? ) middle management guy wastes corporate time looking at Deadspin , finds a link to us and BAM !!
right there in his face is the new hire going pseudo tongue - to - ass at some State College six - kegger pregaming back in ’06 .
And word goes out on the street .
This shit ai n’t good for business .
Or their plans to make Collins into the next Erin Andrews .
But , as we ’ve said , BC is a huge fan .
We ’ve promoted the Melanie Collins brand since 2008 when not a single blogger even knew who she was .
Now , she ’s interviewing NBA superstars .
BC was asked nicely through the grapevine to take down the image .
We have .
But it ’s viral , baby .
Ain’t no turning back now .
Here is the thing people need to remember : we all went to school ( college for some ) , did outrageously stupid things ( like taking a leak in a closet on some guy ’s clothes ) , got drunk and somehow survived .
Time to loosen up , boys .
Sports are entertainment .
[ Melanie Collins Isnâ€™t Happy ] Intentional Foul
[ The Next Erin Andrews : Melanie Collins Was A Bikini Model ]
For decades , environmental arguments against eating meat have been largely the preserve of vegetarian websites and magazines .
Just two years ago it seemed inconceivable that significant numbers of western Europeans would be ready to down their steak knives and graze on vegetation for the sake of the planet .
The rapidity with which this situation has changed is astonishing .
The breakthrough came in 2006 when the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) published a study , Livestock 's Long Shadow , showing that the livestock industry is responsible for a staggering 18 % of all anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions .
This is only the beginning of the story .
In 2008 , Brazil announced that in the 12 months to July it had lost 12,000 sq km ( 3 m acres ) of the Amazon rainforest , mainly to cattle ranchers and soy producers supplying European markets with animal feed .
There is water scarcity in large parts of the world , yet livestock - rearing can use up to 200 times more water a kilogram ( 2.2lbs ) of meat produced than is used in growing wheat .
Given the volatile global food prices , it seems foolhardy to divert 1.2bn tonnes of fodder – including cereals – to fuel global meat consumption , which has increased by more than two and half times since 1970 .
Vegetarians have been around for a very long time – Pythagoreans forbade eating animals more than 2,500 years ago – but even as the environmental evidence mounted , they did n't appear to be winning the argument .
Today in Britain just 2 % of the population is vegetarian .
Thankfully , a more pragmatic alternative to total abstinence now seems to be emerging .
In September 2008 , Dr Rajendra Pachauri , chair of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , a vegetarian himself , called on people to take personal responsibility for the impacts of their consumption .
" Give up meat for one day [ a week ] initially , and decrease it from there , " he said .
" In terms of immediacy of action and the feasibility of bringing about reductions in a short period of time , it clearly is the most attractive opportunity . "
This week the Belgian city of Ghent met his demands by declaring Thursday a meat - free day .
Restaurants , canteens and schools will now opt to make vegetarianism the default for one day a week , and promote meat - free meals on other days as well .
This is not the first institutional backing for such a move .
In Britain , the NHS now aims to reduce its impact on the environment partly by " increasing the use of sustainably sourced fish and reducing our reliance on eggs , meat and dairy " .
Last year , Camden council in London announced that it would be issuing a report calling for schools , care homes and canteens on council premises to cut meat from menus and encourage staff to become vegetarian .
( In the end the initiative was shot down by Conservative councillors who insisted that people should not be deprived of choice . )
While in Germany the federal environment agency in January called on Germans to follow a more Mediterranean diet by reserving meat only for special occasions .
These initiatives may sound novel , but in fact they reinstate what was for centuries an obligatory practice across Europe .
The fasting laws of the Catholic church stipulated that on Fridays , fast days , and Lent , no one could eat meat or wine ; on some days , dairy products and fish were also banned .
Even after the Reformation Elizabeth I upheld the Lenten fast , insisting that while there was no religious basis for fasting , there were sound utilitarian motives : to ­protect the country 's livestock from over - exploitation and to promote the fishing industry ( which had the ancillary benefit of increasing the number of ships available for the navy ) .
Towards the end of the 18th century , two consecutive bad harvests in Europe created shortages .
There was a huge public clamour for the wealthy to cut down on their meat consumption in order to leave more grain for the poor .
The idea that meat was a cruel profligacy became current , and led Percy Bysshe Shelley to declare that the carnivorous rich literally monopolised land and food by taking more of it than they needed .
" The use of animal flesh , " he said , " directly militates with this equality of the rights of man . "
In the wake of last year 's food crisis and with mounting concern over global warming , we appear to have reached a similar crisis moment .
The vegetarian argument is complicated , however , by the fact that in terms of environmental impact , no two pieces of meat are the same .
A hunk of beef raised on Scottish moorland has a very different ecological footprint from one created in an intensive feedlot using concentrated cereal feed , and a wild venison or rabbit casserole is arguably greener than a vegetable curry .
Likewise , countries have very different animal husbandry methods .
For example , in the US , for each calorie of meat or dairy food produced , farm animals consume on average more than 5 calories of feed .
In India the rate is a less than 1.5 calories .
In Kenya , where there is n't the luxury of feeding grains to animals , livestock yield more calories than they consume because they are fattened on grass and agricultural by - products inedible to humans .
In a paper published last month in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , food ecologist Annika Carlsson - Kanyama showed that kilo for kilo , beef and pork could produce 30 times more CO² emissions than other protein rich foods such as beans .
On the other hand , the paper also indicated that poultry and eggs had much lower ­emissions than cheese , which was among the highest polluters .
So do meat - free days , and arguments for vegetarianism in general , take adequate consideration of these subtleties , or should we all be chucking out the cheese and going vegan ?
" A vegetarian day is a simple message that people can understand , " says Carlsson - Kanyama , " though probably what we ultimately need to do is eat less animal products overall . "
Alex Evans , fellow at the Centre on International Cooperation at New York University , points out that more and more people – including Sir Nicholas Stern , the author of a 2006 review on the economics of global warming – accept that the only equitable way of achieving an international agreement on climate change is for rich and poor nations to converge on an equal per capita " fair share " of carbon emissions .
" The same ought to apply to food , " Evans says , " but currently there is no agreed method for calculating what is my ' fair share ' of the world 's food supply – in particular how much meat . "
Based on the global food production figures published by the FAO , I did a few preliminary calculations .
Global average consumption of meat and dairy products including milk was 152 kg a person in 2003 .
Average EU and US consumption , by contrast , was over 400 kg , while Uganda 's was 45kg .
In order to reach the equitable fair share of global production , rich western countries would have to cut their consumption by 2.7 times – and this does n't include the fact that the butter will have to be spread even more thinly if the global population really does increase by another 2.3 billion by 2050 .
However , still further reductions would be necessary because global meat production is already at unsustainable levels .
The IPCC among other bodies , has called for an 80 % reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
Since high levels of meat and dairy ­consumption are luxuries , it seems reasonable to expect livestock production to take its share of the hit .
For rich ­western countries this would mean decreasing meat and dairy consumption to significantly less than one tenth of current levels , the sooner the better .
It is all very well for 2 % of the population to live in a monastic state of meatlessness while everyone else gorges their way towards environmental meltdown or the nearest heart clinic .
Vegetarianism is good for the willing ­minority , but not much use as a campaign tool .
Beginning as Ghent has done , with one meat - free day a week , is a historically - proven idea palatably re-fashioned for the age of eco-consciousness .
It also appears to be gaining popular approval , even if McDonald 's need not fear for the survival of its Big Mac , yet .
• Tristram Stuart 's Waste : Uncovering the Global Food Scandal , will be published by Penguin in July .
His history of vegetarianism , The Bloodless Revolution , was published by HarperCollins in 2006
• This artciel was amended on Sunday 18 May 2009 .
We originally put Tristram Hunt on the byline for the above article .
The writer was in fact Tristram Stuart .
This has been corrected .
After three pirates were killed during the Phillips incident , pirates have vowed to retaliate for their deaths .
But Admiral Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told ABC's " Good Morning America " that :
" we 're very well prepared to deal with anything like that . "
The four ships seized since Sunday include :
The MV Sea Horse , a Lebanese - owned cargo ship , attacked and captured Tuesday by pirates in three or four speedboats .
The Greek - managed MV Irene E.M. was seized in a rare overnight attack on Monday night by pirates .
Somali pirates also hijacked two Egyptian fishing boats in the Gulf of Aden off Somalia 's northern coast , with a total of 36 crew .
It was not exactly clear if those ships were grabbed Monday or Sunday .
An analyst told NPR that the pirates made a major mistake with the Maersk Alabama .
It was a U.S. ship , a U.S. crew , and U.S. cargo .
Generally those three factors are diverse , making intervention by any one country unlikely .
Bacterial vaginosis ( BV ) is the most common vaginal infection in US women of childbearing age , and is common in pregnant women .
BV occurs when the normal balance of bacteria in the vagina is disrupted and replaced by an overgrowth of certain bacteria .
Because having BV puts a woman at increased risk for a variety of complications , such as preterm delivery , there is great interest in understanding how it can be prevented .
Vitamin D may play a role in BV because it exerts influence over a number of aspects of the immune system .
This hypothesis is circumstantially supported by the fact that BV is far more common in black than white women , and vitamin D status is substantially lower in black than white women .
This relation , however , has not been rigorously studied .
To assess whether poor vitamin D status may play a role in predisposing a woman to BV , Bodnar and coworkers at the University of Pittsburgh and the Magee - Womens Research Institute studied 469 pregnant women .
This prospective epidemiologic study investigated the relation between vitamin D status and BV in 209 white and 260 black women at < 16 wk of pregnancy with singleton gestations .
Blood samples were taken , and serum analyzed for 25 - hydroxyvitamin D [ 25 ( OH ) D ] , a marker of vitamin D status .
25 ( OH ) D levels below 80 nmol / L are typically considered insufficient .
Pelvic examinations were performed , and Gram - stained vaginal smears were assessed to diagnose BV .
The data indicate that 41 % of all enrolled women had BV , and that 93 % had 25 ( OH ) D levels indicative of vitamin D insufficiency .
Overall , women with BV had lower serum 25 ( OH ) D concentrations than those without BV ( P < 0.01 ) .
The prevalence of BV decreased as vitamin D concentration increased to 80 nmol / L ( P < 0.001 ) .
Compared with 75 nmol / L , serum 25 ( OH ) D concentrations of 20 nmol / L and 50 nmol / L were associated with 65 % and 26 % increases , respectively , in the likelihood of BV .
In summary , these findings suggest that vitamin D insufficiency is associated with BV in the first 4 mo of pregnancy .
Further , poor vitamin D status may contribute to the strong racial disparity in the prevalence of BV in US women .
Controlled intervention trials will be needed to confirm this hypothesis .
As the death toll from swine flu in Mexico rises , follow the latest updates on the virus and the precautions taken by authorities all over the world
9.55 am :
New Zealand 's health minister , Tony Ryall , said today that 10 students who just returned from Mexico have tested positive for influenza .
He said the cases are " likely " to be swine flu .
But he added there was " no guarantee " the students had swine flu , and that none of the patients were seriously ill and seemed to be recovering .
The World Health Organisation has produced a Q&A on the virus .
It warns : " If a swine virus established efficient human - to human transmission , it can cause an influenza pandemic . "
The US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention has produced a video to explain swine flu
10.11 am :
A Google Map tracking reports of Swine Flu has been created .
10.27am :
Twitter is spreading global panic about swine flu , according to Evgeny Morozov , writing in the respect US journal , Foreign Policy .
In moments like this , one is tempted to lament the death of broadcasting , for it seems that the information from expert sources – government , doctors , and the like – should probably be prioritized over everything else and have a higher chance of being seen that the information from the rest of one 's Twitter - feed , full of speculation , misinformation , and gossip .
10.36am :
Yeny Gregorio Davila , a doctor in Mexico , reckons that more than 200 people have died .
The official death toll currently stands at 81 .
Davila told the BBC :
As a doctor , I realise that the media does not report the truth .
Authorities distributed vaccines among all the medical personnel with no results , because two of my partners who worked in this hospital ( interns ) were killed by this new virus in less than six days even though they were vaccinated as all of us were .
The official number of deaths is 20 , nevertheless , the true number of victims are more than 200 .
I understand that we must avoid to panic , but telling the truth it might be better now to prevent and avoid more deaths .
10.46am :
A number of new swine flu Facebook groups have sprung up , including sensible ones like this with more than 150 members and the daft " fuck you , swine flu " .
10.54am :
The Guardian has produced an interactive guide to the 1918 influenza pandemic , which killed up to 100 million people .
11.01 am :
There are no reported cases of swine flu in European Union countries , the EU Commission has announced , despite fears about suspected cases in France and London .
The cabin crew member of a British Airways flight from Mexico tested negative for the virus today .
11.09 am :
New Zealand 's health minister , Tony Ryall , tells 3
News that it is " highly likely " that 10 students have contracted swine flu but most are recovering .
They are being treated with Tamiflu .
11.17am :
Ryall told BBC
News 24 that there are concerns about a second school party who have returned to New Zealand from Mexico .
" We are taking this very seriously , but the good news is that students are all on the road to recovery " he said .
11.26am :
The White House has announced there are no health concerns about Barack Obama after he was escorted around a museum in Mexico , earlier this month , by a man who died the next day from flu - like symptoms .
11.37 am :
Perhaps to counter the spread of panic on Twitter , the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention is itself tweeting regular updates and advice .
" Wash Your Hands !
It 's the single most important thing you can do to keep from getting sick , " says one recent update .
It 's advice on swine flu got one million views yesterday .
12.08 pm :
The authorities in Israel are concerned about a man who has just returned from Mexico and who checked himself into hospital with flu - like symptoms , according to the website of newspaper Haaretz .
12.37 pm :
Patrick Henshaw , whose son Hayden , is one of three students in Texas , who acquired the virus , has spoken to ABC news about the family 's ordeal .
He said :
They wanted us to stay in the house , and they wo n't let anyone stay in the house .
Hayden 's in the house .
They told him to stay in his room for five days .
We were told not to go in and out and interact with other people [ for an indefinite amount of time ] .
I hate to know that someone got sick because we leave the house .
So we are going to stick by the rules .
1.01 pm :
The UK's Health Protection Agency has sent out a checklist on swine flu to NHS Direct and the NHS trusts , it told my colleague Ian Sample , one of the Guardian 's science correspondents .
The website of Health Protection Agency is currently down .
1.10 pm :
Dr Alan Hay , director of the World Influenza Centre in London , told the BBC Newsnight science editor , Susan Watts , that he does n't want to be alarmist .
But he said : " It looks pretty ominous , one has to say .
It 's difficult to look on the bright side at the moment . "
On her blog Watts writes :
Dr Hay said this H1 swine flu virus is " already worse than H5 " , in terms of " the number of cases , the number of deaths and the locality of the area affected ... This is n't sporadic , this is human " .
Dr Hay stressed that it may turn out that the situation is less alarming than it appears now , but this will be hard to assess until experts know clinical details of the cases in Mexico , such as the length of time from infection to death .
1.28 pm :
Canada's CBC
News reports possible cases of swine flu among students in Nova Scotia .
Meanwhile , Google Maps Mania notes the spread of attempts to map reports of outbreaks .
1.41 pm :
A committee of experts will meet again on Tuesday to advise the World Health Organisation on whether to raise the current pandemic alert level .
" We need more epidemiological evidence from Mexico before the experts would be in a position to advise on a pandemic change , " WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl told Reuters .
1.43 pm :
Ian Sample , the Guardian 's science correspondent , reports on efforts to combat the virus in the UK .
He writes :
Scientists at the WHO's flu laboratory at the National Institute for Medical Research in north London spent this weekend working on the virus and expect to have diagnostic kits that can detect the strain ready within a few days .
" This virus has emerged very suddenly and right now , the ability to detect people who are carrying the infection is a very high priority , " said Alan Hay , director of the laboratory .
Genetic tests show the swine virus is similar to a strain that is endemic in North American pigs , but contains two genes from a strain found in European and Asian pigs .
The government has already stockpiled doses of the antiviral drug , tamiflu , which will be given as a priority to healthcare workers should the virus reach Britain .
Experts said the flu jab was likely to offer only limited protection against the strain .
" It looks as though it 's too late to think about trying to contain it , " Hay said .
The Health Protection Agency has given NHS Direct a checklist to help identify those who may be suffering from the infection from the worried well .
2.08 pm :
The White House is to host a briefing on the US response to swine flu at 4.30 pm ( GMT ) .
It will include Janet Napolitano , the homeland security secretary and the acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Dr Richard Besser .
3.00 pm :
Associated Press reports :
French health ministry officials said four possible cases of swine flu are currently under investigation , including a family of three in the northern Nord region and a woman in the Paris region .
The four recently returned from Mexico .
Tests on two separate cases of suspected swine flu proved negative , they said .
Spain 's Health Ministry said three people who just returned from Mexico were under observation in hospitals in the northern Basque region , in southeastern Albacete and the Mediterranean port city of Valencia .
3.11 pm :
My colleague Paddy Allen has produced an interactive timeline on the spread of swine flu .
3.18 pm :
Is it safe to eat pork and pork products ?
Yes , according to the latest from the World Health Organisation .
It says : " Swine influenza has not been shown to be transmissible to people through eating properly handled and prepared pork ( pig meat ) or other products derived from pigs .
The swine influenza virus is killed by cooking temperatures of 160 ° F / 70°C . "
So far the World Health Organisation seems to be sticking closely to its own communication guidelines on disease outbreaks .
It states :
In today 's globalized , wired world , information about outbreaks is almost
impossible to keep hidden from the public .
Eventually , the outbreak will
be revealed .
Therefore , to prevent rumours and misinformation and to
frame the event , it is best to announce as early as possible ...
Early announcements are often based on incomplete and sometimes
erroneous information .
It is critical to publicly acknowledge that early
information may change as further information is developed or
verified .
3.45 pm :
Photographs from Mexico capture the sense of panic everywhere from the on the metro system , to meat markets , and even nunneries ,
4.07 pm :
The US government 's CDC has produced guidance on the use of facemasks as protection against a pandemic flu .
It says : " Facemasks should be considered for use by individuals who enter crowded settings , both to protect their nose and mouth from other people 's coughs and to reduce the wearers ' likelihood of coughing on others ; the time spent in crowded settings should be as short as possible . "
4.23 pm :
The Guardian 's correspondent in Mexico , Jo Tuckman reports on the sense of " contained terror " in Mexico City and rumours that the death toll is much higher .
The respected disease monitoring service ProMed - media warns :
In the absence of a vaccine that will protect against this novel strain , it is unclear if any measures could have been effectively implemented that would have interrupted transmission earlier .
A situation that appears to be a reminder that mother nature is still the most skilled bioterrorist out there .
4.42 pm :
No sign yet of the White House briefing , but the World Health Organisation is currently announcing the actions it has been taking .
Speaking from Geneva , its spokesman , said a number of WHO officials will travel to Mexico .
" We have asked all countries to increase their surveillance and watchfulness , " he said .
He repeated that that the WHO needs more information before increasing its pandemic alert level from three to four .
4.49 pm :
New York mayor , Michael Bloomberg , has confirmed that swine flu has infected eight students of a high school in the city .
An official said they have a " mild " strain of the disease .
" Cover you mouth when you cough and stay home if you 're sick , " he advised .
The city is awaiting the tests of additional samples to see if more St. Francis Preparatory School students were infected .
About 100 students complained of flu - like symptoms at the school .
Some students went to Cancun on a spring break trip two weeks ago .
4.59 pm :
Britain is on " constant alert " over the threat of swine flu health secretary Alan Johnson told the BBC's Politics Show .
Meanwhile , the Press Association reports that passengers were kept back on a plane from Mexico City for 45 minutes today while they were questioned by health officials investigating the outbreak .
According to Sky News two people have been admitted to hospital in Scotland with flu - like symptoms after a trip to Mexico .
Deputy first minister and health secretary Nicola Sturgeon said there was no risk to public health .
5.33 pm :
A White House news conference on the US response to swine flu has started .
The acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Dr Richard Besser , said there are 20 cases in the US including 8 in New York City , 1 in Ohio , 2 in Kansas , and 7 in California .
He said he expects more cases over the coming days .
" This is moving fast , but we view this more as a marathon , " he said .
5.45 pm :
" Frequent handwashing is important ... if you are sick stay at home and do n't get on a aeroplane or public transport , " Besser said .
" If need be , we will increase the [ travel ] warnings to Mexico , " he added .
5.50 pm :
Janet Napolitano , the homeland security secretary , said there would be daily White House press briefings on the " emergency " .
On anti-viral drugs she said the US had a stockpile 50 million treatments , 25 % of those are going to be released .
" You can not get the swine flu from eating pork , " she said .
Individual arrivals to the US from risk areas will be screened , Napolitano said .
Those with symptoms will be isolated , she said .
5.55 pm :
In response to questions Besser said : " There is one thing in our favour we are nearing the end of the flu season . "
He said there had been only one documented case of person to person transmission of the disease in the US .
That 's it for the blog for now , thanks for your comments .
What is it ?
BakerTweet is a way for busy bakers to tell the world that something hot and fresh has just come out of the oven .
It 's as simple as turning the dial and hitting the button .
All of the baker 's followers get a Twitter alert to tell them that it 's bun-time .
Or bread time .
Or whatever .
The first BakerTweet device has been installed at the Albion Cafe on Boundary Street in Shoreditch , London .
To find out what 's cooking follow @albionsoven on Twitter .
BakerTweet allows businesses to use Twitter to communicate in real - time about offers , pricing and stock from a device that can withstand kitchen peril and is much simpler to operate than a laptop or a mobile .
It was made by Poke .
We 're a digital creative agency based across the road from the Albion and , perhaps selfishly , we wanted a way to get the freshest baked stuff first .
Then we realised it could be a great tool for bakers everywhere .
How does it work ?
( the simple version )
In simple terms it 's a bakery - proof box that sends messages wirelessly to Twitter .
The clever bit is that the baker can update their messages and things they 're selling using a simple web interface .
Obviously not something that you'd do mid-bake but it's an important feature for future - proofing the device .
How does it work ?
( the gory details )
The BakerTweet prototype is made up of an Arduino Duemilanove , Arduino Ethernet Shield , Ladyada Proto Shield , a Linksys wifi adapter , and a whole bunch of little parts that make up the rest of what you see .
We went through a couple of weeks of prototyping until the we settled on all the final components and wiring .
One of the highlights of BakerTweet is that it interfaces with a Django CMS for all it's information .
This means that an owner can sign into their account on bakertweet.com and edit the number of items , how they want them labelled on the device , and the body of the Tweet is sent out for each .
To update the device with the latest information , the owner simply spins the dial " Update Items List , " hits the button , and the box grabs the latest list of items .
Simple .
Want One ?
Drop us a line for more info , or any inquires .
iwantone@bakertweet.com
Links to this site
Add To Album
Add To Album Like ( 170 )
Photog 's Choice
Cross-Data Photographer Radek Grochowski Airline Volga - Dnepr Airlines Version Antonov An-124-100 Ruslan Generic Type Antonov An - 124 Ruslan Basic Type Antonov An - 124 Ruslan Manufacturer Antonov MSN 9773052255117 Reg. RA - 82046 Location Wroclaw - Nicolaus Copernicus ( Strachowice ) Country Poland Date Photographed May 17 , 2009 Cancel Search
Correction
Distinct Views : 84,189
Photo Added : May 28 , 2009
Photo Copyright © Radek Grochowski .
All rights reserved .
Airliners .net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein .
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
The VORTEX2 study area ( left ) , shown as a red loop , stretches some 900 miles from north to south across the Great Plains .
Shown at right is a supercell thunderstorm surrounded by VORTEX2 observing teams .
The heaviest precipitation , in green , loops around the target area where a tornado might occur .
( Image courtesy VORTEX2 )
The largest and most ambitious tornado study in history will begin next week , as dozens of scientists deploy radars and other ground - based instruments across the Great Plains to gain a better understanding of these often - deadly weather events .
The collaborative international project , involving scientists from the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) and a number of other organizations , will examine in detail how tornadoes form and the patterns of damage they cause .
The findings are expected to improve tornado warnings and short - term severe weather forecasts .
NCAR 's Roger Wakimoto , a principal investigator for VORTEX2 , explains some of the science behind the field project .
NCAR 's Roger Wakimoto , a principal investigator for VORTEX2 , explains some of the science behind the field project .
He will be using video and damage surveys to analyze the structure of tornadoes .
The field campaign , known as VORTEX2 ( Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes EXperiment 2 ) , will run from May 10 to June 13 .
A second phase is planned for the spring of 2010 .
" We still do not completely understand the processes that lead to tornado formation and shape its development , " says Roger Wakimoto , director of NCAR 's Earth Observing Laboratory and a principal investigator for VORTEX2 .
" We hope that VORTEX2 will provide the data we need to learn more about the development of tornadoes and in time help forecasters give people more advance warning before a tornado strikes . "
The $ 11.9 million VORTEX2 program is funded primarily by the National Science Foundation , which sponsors NCAR , and by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
In addition to NCAR , participants include the Center for Severe Weather Research , Rasmussen Systems , NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory , NOAA Cooperative Institute for Mesoscale Meteorological Studies at the University of Oklahoma , Pennsylvania State University , University of Oklahoma , Texas Tech University , Lyndon State College , University of Colorado , Purdue University , North Carolina State University , University of Illinois , University of Massachusetts , University of Nebraska , Environment Canada , and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology .
This one - minute animation gives a 3 - D overview of the VORTEX fleet , with descriptions of instruments as they might be deployed around a potentially tornadic thunderstorm .
Credit : National Center for Atmospheric Research
The crucial zone
The first VORTEX project , conducted in 1994 and 1995 , gathered critical data on supercells , the severe and long - lived thunderstorms that give birth to the most destructive and deadly tornadoes .
VORTEX findings are credited for improving National Weather Service tornado warnings , which now have a lead time of about 13 minutes .
Building on that progress , VORTEX2 researchers will use enhanced mobile radars and other new weather - sensing tools to gather far more detail on the crucial zone where tornadoes develop .
Rapidly changing contrasts in wind and temperature in this zone , which is only a few miles across , can spawn a tornado within minutes .
However , such an event happens in only a small fraction of supercell storms , and standard observing networks and radars often fail to capture the atmospheric conditions that lead to a tornado .
" VORTEX2 will help us better understand the difference between thunderstorms that produce tornadoes and those that don't , " says NCAR scientist David Dowell , a VORTEX2 field coordinator .
" By identifying the characteristics of severe thunderstorms that produce tornadoes , forecasters will be able to issue tornado warnings further in advance and potentially save lives . "
Probing a vast region with high - tech tools
The radar fleet for VORTEX2 , including 10 mobile radars , will track winds and precipitation in and near tornadoes in unprecedented detail .
The instruments will have a resolution as fine as 300 feet and time steps as small as 15 seconds .
More than three dozen portable surface weather stations will blanket the area in and near a target storm .
The VORTEX2 study area spans more than 900 miles , stretching from west Texas to southwest Minnesota .
On each day of operations , participants will position equipment about an hour ahead of a potentially tornadic storm and remain in place until the storm arrives .
NOAA forecasters and partners will provide intensive guidance on short - fuse weather events as each day unfolds .
The University Corporation for Atmospheric Research manages the National Center for Atmospheric Research under sponsorship by the National Science Foundation .
Any opinions , findings and conclusions , or recommendations expressed in this publication are those of the author(s ) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
More information :
VORTEX2 : http://www.vortex2.org
Reports on each day 's findings : http://www.eol.ucar.edu/projects/vortex2/
Source : National Center for Atmospheric Research
Explore further Largest Attempt in History to Understand Tornadoes Slated to Begin
Predictably , Saturday night 's festivities gave way to the mother of all hangovers .
Juventus had celebrated Zdenek Grygera 's injury - time equaliser against Internazionale with such wild abandon that a casual spectator might have assumed they had just won the Scudetto .
They awoke to the grinding realisation that they had squandered any last faint hope they had of doing so , however , a 1 – 1 draw serving only to keep them 10 points behind the leaders with six games remaining .
But if Juventus had hoped to at least be lauded for refusing to give up on the game after first falling behind and then having Tiago Mendes sent off , they awoke to find discussion of events off the pitch rapidly overtaking any talk of the match itself .
Internazionale 's team bus had been met outside the Stadio Olimpico before the game by a mob of Juventus fans throwing eggs and bottles .
During the match the Internazionale striker Mario Balotelli had been subjected to a stream of racist taunts and chants .
" If I had been in the stadium , after a certain point I would have left my seat in the stands , I would have gone down on to the pitch and taken my team out of the game , " said Internazionale 's president , Massimo Moratti , and he was not alone in arguing the match should have been stopped .
Marcello Nicchi , the head of the Italian Referees ' Association , was eventually forced to clarify that referees are told not to abandon a game because of trouble in the stands unless instructed to do so by police .
Juventus can expect to receive a fine , though it is unlikely to put a significant dent in their finances .
Roma were forced to pay just € 8,000 ( £ 7,100 ) when their fans directed similar abuse at Balotelli during their 3 – 3 draw in March , on condition that they took steps to prevent any repeat .
The Juventus president , Giovanni Cobolli Gigli , has condemned the chanting and will doubtless hope to receive similar terms .
Balotelli , for his part , will feel that he answered the abuse in the best possible way .
It was his team - mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic who once responded to the jeers of Juventus fans by insisting that " they will only make me stronger " but , while the Swede is yet to score against his former club , Balotelli 's strike on Saturday was his third in as many appearances against the Bianconeri .
Only a goalline clearance from Grygera had prevented him from opening the scoring sooner .
" I am more Italian than those Juventus fans in the stands , " was all Balotelli would say on the matter afterwards .
Although his birth parents were Ghanaian , the striker was adopted by the Balotelli family at the age of the three and is fiercely proud of his Italian nationality .
Forced to wait until his 18th birthday to receive full citizenship , Balotelli declined a number of opportunities to represent the senior Ghana team from the age of 16 onwards , insisting that he would only ever play for Italy .
He made his debut for the Under - 21 team less than a month after becoming eligible .
Patriotism , of course , is no indicator of character and many teams ' fans might have been riled by some of Balotelli 's actions on Saturday .
The striker is petulant in the extreme and on another day might have seen red himself after off - the - ball incidents in which he was seen to lash out at Nicola Legrottaglie and swear at the referee , Stefano Farina .
But there is no justification for racial abuse .
The 18 - year - old is far from the first teenager with a temper to visit Turin and few have been met by such a reception .
Nor were the chants directed at Balotelli the only ones that will have troubled the Juventus manager , Claudio Ranieri .
Shortly before Grygera 's equaliser , the home support began to sing the name of Antonio Conte , the club 's former captain and the current manager of the Serie B leaders , Bari .
It has long been apparent that Ranieri has next to no say in the club 's transfer policy – and he is said to be less than enthused by reported moves for Werder Bremen 's Diego and Real Madrid 's Fabio Cannavaro .
With his team now back in third after allowing Milan to make up seven points in the space of three games , it seems increasingly likely that the Tinkerman will not be around to welcome them to Turin .
Round 32 talking points
• Milan moved ahead of Juventus after thrashing Torino 5 – 1 at San Siro , with the help of another hat - trick from Filippo Inzaghi .
The striker has now scored a phenomenal nine goals in his last six appearances , and no player seems to have benefited more from the arrival of David Beckham .
He may be 35 , but few strikers know how to find space in a crowded penalty area as consistently as Pippo .
Few midfielders , meanwhile , can pick out the open man in the box quite as consistently as Goldenballs .
• Last week Lazio appeared to have knocked Roma out of Champions League contention with a 4 –2 win in the Derby della Capitale .
This week they gave Roma fresh hope by beating Genoa 1–0 at Stadio Ferraris .
Fiorentina also lost , 3 –1 away to Udinese , while Roma themselves beat Lecce 3 – 2 .
Next week Fiorentina host Roma at Stadio Artemio Franchi .
• Roberto Donadoni's inauspicious start to life as the Napoli manager continued with a 2–0 defeat at Cagliari .
Although that was their first defeat under Donadoni , they are also yet to win , having now collected just four points from five games .
Results : Atalanta 0 –1 Reggina , Cagliari 2–0 Napoli , Catania 2–0 Sampdoria , Genoa 0 –1 Lazio , Juventus 1 –1 Internazionale , Milan 5 – 1 Torino , Palermo 4 – 1 Bologna , Roma 3 – 2 Lecce , Siena 0 –2 Chievo , Udinese 3 – 1 Fiorentina
By Kenneth Matimaire
There are growing calls for government to recognise the existence of intersex persons and need for research to guide on the realities of the “ hidden ” community .
Intersex
Cyber espionage and attacks from well - funded nations or terror groups are the biggest threats to the military 's computer networks , a top US officer said .
Air Force General Kevin Chilton , who heads US Strategic Command , said he worries that foes will learn to disable or distort battlefield communications .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Chilton told reporters that even as the Pentagon improves its network defences against hackers , he needs more people , training and resources to hone offensive cyber war capacity .
At the same time , however , he asserted that the US would consider using military force against an enemy who attacks and disrupts the nation 's critical networks .
" Our job would be to present options .
I do n't think you take anything off the table when you provide options " to the defence secretary or president , in the wake of an attack , whether the weapon is a missile or a computer program , he said .
Chilton 's comments shed the most light to date on the Pentagon 's ongoing debate over how to beef up its abilities to wage and defend against cyber warfare .
And they came as the military is planning to set up a new cyber command at Fort Meade not far from Washington that would report to Strategic Command .
In a wide - ranging discussion of the military 's cyber issues , Chilton said the Pentagon 's unclassified networks are probed thousands of times a day , as hackers try to steal information on military programs or planning .
" I worry when I see that important information is taken from our networks , " he said .
To date , he said there have been no major attacks against the military 's networks , only intrusions or efforts to steal data .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Asked directly whether probes have been traced to China , al - Qaeda or other groups , Chilton declined to answer .
His biggest fear , however , is that enemies hack into military battlefield systems , and when a US commander sends out an order that says forces should go left , it is changed to say forces should go right .
While most systems are classified and walled off , he said there are often ways to cross into those networks .
The other worry is more internal .
When a soldier or sailor sits down at a computer , Chilton said " it 's like he 's stepping to the guard gate at his base , " and can open the digital gate and let adversaries in .
Pentagon plans for a new command are a response to concerns that the offensive and defensive cyber operations are currently separate , and not as coordinated as they should be .
Chilton said he needs 2,000 - 4,000 more workers over the next five years to provide the expertise needed for both offensive and defensive cyber operations .
He said it is not clear yet how much additional money he needs .
He said there is no timeline for the creation of a new cyber command , noting that the idea has not gotten final approval from Defence Secretary Robert Gates .
The military , Chilton said , must expand its ability to quickly remedy software problems , change computer configurations and to know who is on the network and what they are doing .
In some war fighting areas the US is dominant , but he said he cannot say the same for the digital battlefield just yet .
While enemies need only a computer to join the fight , the military has improved its defences to the point where it will take larger , more educated , well - funded organisations or nations to pose a real threat .
In Pakistan , it ’s apparently possible to interchange the words “ happy ” and gay ” — at least to one open lesbian , who is both .
But shockingly , the retired Superior Court judge hired by Jaheem Herrera ‘s school to review whether anti-gay bullying led to his suicide decided that students who were calling him “ gay ” only meant to declare the 11 - year - old boy was “ happy . ”
It ’s a farce .
Judge Thelma Wyatt Cummings Moore ( pictured , below ) , who was hired by the DeKalb School System ( currently being sued by Jaheem ’s mother Masika Bermudez ) , found nothing wrong with kids throwing the word at Jaheem .
The Southern Voice quotes Moore last week at a press conference : “ The children use ‘ gay ’ for anything and everything .
The clothing is gay , the gesture is gay , what they say is gay , and that is a term they use .
Now with these students we asked them , ‘ Well , what does gay mean ? ’
They said ‘ gay means happy , ’ and this is many of the students . ”
Well that certainly excuses things !
No wonder Moore — a friend to environmentalists , apparently — allowed herself last month to conclude it was the recent family deaths Jaheem was dealing with that led him to hang himself with a belt , and not the torment he was subjected to at school .
Too bad even David Schutten , president of the Organization of DeKalb Educators , understands kids use the word “ gay ” almost exclusively as a pejorative : “ With kids that age , they know it ’s a derogatory comment .
Some know what it means , some do n’t , but they think it ’s an insult . ”
Moore ’s finding effectively leaves the Georgia school district off the hook for wrong - doing , at least internally ( Bermudez ’s lawsuit remains ) .
The conclusion also shows the stunning failure of the school to police itself and begin a satisfactory attempt at preventing another incident like this from happening .
Even if Jaheem ’s classmates did n’t know the sexual semantics of what it is to be “ gay , ” they understood full well how to use the word in a negative context .
It ’s also unclear whether students ’ name - calling branched out into more obvious derogatory terms , like “ fag ” and “ homo , ” but we ’ve prepared ourselves to fear the worst .
May 12 , 2009  --
Vexed by gang wars and rising real estate prices , late rapper Tupac Shakur mused in 1996 that the overall cost of living in Los Angeles was so high he would almost rather " live life in the pen[ itentiary ] . "
Though East Coast - West Coast gang violence has since subsided , life in the City of Angels remains far from affordable .
Thanks to bloated housing prices , lofty living costs and unemployment rates among the highest in the nation , the Los Angeles metro area tops our list of America 's Most Overpriced Cities .
Click here to learn about the country 's most overpriced cities at our partner site , Forbes.com .
At least residents of Los Angeles and the third - ranked Miami metro get to enjoy balmy evenings and sunny days at the beach .
Residents of the second - most overpriced metro area , Chicago , get sweltering summers and near - Siberian winters on top of a 9.4 % metro area unemployment rate and a cost of living trailing only Los Angeles and New York .
The Big Apple ranks fourth on our list ; it 's weighed down by high costs and an 8.8 % unemployment rate .
Those factors overwhelmed the considerable earning power of New Yorkers with bachelor 's degrees -- $ 69,200 per year , on average , according to PayScale.com -- a figure rivaled only by those in Washington , D.C. , and Bay Area locales , including San Francisco .
Still , it 's not enough to bridge the price gap .
" For the average professional , New York 's premium is not as high as you 'd expect , given the cost of living , " says Al Lee , director of Quantitative Analysis at PayScale .
" The premium for a software developer in New York is actually less than it is in Seattle , and about the same as it is in Atlanta . "
Even those in less - sprawling cities have it tough .
Along with fifth - ranked Providence , R.I. , Cleveland ( No. 8 ) is one of the smallest metro areas among the 10 most overpriced cities .
Though both boast low home prices and living expenses , they 're dragged down by high unemployment and relatively stingy salaries of $ 56,000 , on average .
Behind the Numbers
To compile our list , we looked at earnings potential and living expenses in the 50 largest continental U.S. metropolitan statistical areas and metropolitan divisions -- geographic entities defined by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget for use by federal agencies in collecting , tabulating and publishing federal statistics .
We ranked these metros using four measures : average salary for workers with a bachelor 's degree or higher , with data from PayScale.com ; annual unemployment statistics from the Bureau of Labor Statistics ; cost of living , according to Moody 's Economy.com ; and the Housing Opportunity Index from the National Association of Homebuilders and Wells Fargo , which measures the number of homes sold in a given area that would be affordable to a family earning the local median income , based on standard mortgage underwriting criteria .
Far From Heaven
Los Angeles ' troubles can be tied to many of the systemic problems currently plaguing the nation .
With a whopping unemployment rate of 10.3 % , the City of Angels and nearby Riverside , Calif. , are among five of the country 's 50 largest metro areas with double - digit unemployment .
Both have suffered as a result of the housing bust .
Though neither ranks among America 's emptiest cities , L.A. and Riverside have seen new residential building permit rates plummet 82 % and 80 % , respectively , over the last two years .
The national unemployment rate for construction workers is now 21.1 % , up from 12 % a year ago , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
" The unemployment [ in Southern California ] is definitely driven by the housing bust , " says Lee .
" Prices are collapsing , but if you 're looking at buying a house , it 's still expensive . "
Indeed , though the median home price in the Los Angeles metro area has dipped from $ 525,000 to $ 319,000 over the last two years , Angelinos still face one of the least affordable housing markets in the country .
According to the NAHB / Wells Fargo's Housing Opportunity Index , only New York , Long Island , N.Y. , and San Francisco are more expensive .
Of course , living well in Los Angeles is n't impossible , as long as you have the funds .
The aforementioned Shakur probably would n't have any trouble making ends meet in L.A. , or anywhere else , for that matter .
The rapper makes about $ 15 million per year in residuals -- despite the fact he 's been dead for 12 years .
From HaskellWiki
Introduction
Formlets are a way of building HTML forms that are type - safe , handle errors , abstract and are easy to combine into bigger forms .
Here 's an example :
name :: Form String name = input Nothing
The input function takes a Maybe String , and produces a XHtmlForm String .
The Maybe String is used for default values .
If you give it a nothing , it wo n't have a default value .
If you pass in a ( Just " value " ) , it will be pre-populated with the value " value " .
You can easily combine formlets using the Applicative Functor combinators .
Suppose you have a User - datatype :
data User = User { name :: String , age :: Integer , email :: String }
You can then build a form that produces a user :
userForm :: Form User userForm = User < $> name <*> inputInteger <*> input Nothing
You can also have more advanced widgets , like a radio - choice , that 's where you use enumRadio :
enumRadio :: ( Monad m , Enum a ) => [ ( a , String ) ] ->
Maybe a ->
Form a
So it asks for a list of pairs with a value and the corresponding label , a possible default - value and it will return something of type a .
chooseBool :: Form Bool chooseBool = enumRadio [( True , " Yes " ) , ( False , " No " ) ]
True
Now we have a widget for booleans that we can use everywhere in our forms !
The basics
Simple validation
Monadic validation
A working example
Below is a self - contained example that uses formlets and happstack - server .
Prepare your system
First install Formlets and Happstack - Server on your system :
$ cabal install formlets happstack - server
The example code
Put the following in a file called Main.hs :
module Main where import Control .
Applicative import Control .
Applicative .
Error import Control .
Applicative .
State import Data .
List as List import Happstack .
Server import Text .
Formlets import Text.XHtml.Strict.Formlets import Text.XHtml.Strict (( +++ ) , ( << ) , ( ! ) ) import qualified Text.XHtml.Strict as X type MyForm a = XHtmlForm IO a data Date = Date { month :: Integer , day :: Integer } deriving Show validDate :: Date ->
Bool validDate ( Date m d ) = m ` elem ` [ 1 .. 12 ] && d ` elem ` [ 1 .. 31 ] dateComponent :: MyForm Date dateComponent = Date <$> inputInteger ( Just 1 ) <*> inputInteger ( Just 16 ) dateFull :: MyForm Date dateFull = dateComponent ` check ` ensure validDate " This is not a valid date " handleDate :: ServerPartT IO
Response handleDate = withForm " date " dateFull showErrorsInline ( \ d -> okHtml $ show d ) data User =
User { name :: String , pass :: String , birthdate :: Date } deriving Show userFull :: MyForm User userFull = User < $> input Nothing <*> password Nothing <*> dateFull handleUser = withForm " user " userFull showErrorsInline ( \ u -> okHtml $ show u ) withForm :: String -> MyForm a -> ( X . Html -> [ String ] -> ServerPartT IO Response ) -> ( a -> ServerPartT IO Response ) ->
ServerPartT IO
Response withForm name frm handleErrors handleOk = dir name $ msum [ methodSP GET $ createForm [ ] frm >>= okHtml , withDataFn lookPairs $ \ d -> methodSP POST $ handleOk ' $ simple d ] where handleOk ' d = do let ( extractor , html , _ ) = runFormState d frm v <- liftIO extractor case v of Failure faults -> do f <- createForm d frm handleErrors f faults Success s -> handleOk s simple d = List . map ( \ ( k , v ) -> ( k , Left v ) ) d showErrorsInline :: X . Html -> [ String ] ->
ServerPartT IO
Response showErrorsInline rendered Form errors = okHtml $ X . to Html ( show errors ) +++ renderedForm createForm :: Env -> MyForm a -> ServerPartT IO X . Html createForm env frm = do let ( extractor , xml , endState ) = runFormState env frm return $ X . form ! [ X . method " POST " ] << ( xml +++ X . submit " submit " " Submit " ) okHtml :: ( X . HTML a ) => a ->
ServerPartT IO
Response okHtml content = ok $ toResponse $ htmlPage $ content htmlPage :: ( X . HTML a ) => a -> X . Html htmlPage content = ( X . header << ( X . thetitle << " Testing forms " ) ) +++ ( X . body << content ) main = simpleHTTP ( nullConf { port = 5000 } ) ( handleDate ` mplus ` handleUser )
Running the example
Start up the Happstack server with
$ runhaskell Main.hs
and point your web browser at http://localhost:5000/date/ and http://localhost:5000/user/.
Extending the example
Text.XHtml.Strict .
Formlets provides form elements other than text input .
To see some of them in action we can make some simple modifications to Main.hs .
Add the following lines to the end of Main.hs :
data UserExtra = UserExtra { userBase :: User , likesSpam :: Bool , eyeColour :: EyeColour , luckyNumber :: Integer , favouriteThings :: [ String ] } deriving Show data EyeColour = Blue | Green | Grey | Brown deriving ( Show , Eq , Enum , Bounded ) userExtraFull :: MyForm UserExtra userExtraFull = UserExtra < $> userFull <*> checkbox ( Just False ) <*> enumSelect [ ] ( Just Blue ) <*> listSelect [ ] [ 1 .. 10 ] ( Just 7 ) <*> my Favourites handleUserExtra = withForm " userextra " userExtraFull showErrorsInline ( \ u -> okHtml $ show u ) selectTest = select [ ] [( 1 , X . p << " One " ) , ( 2 , X . p << " Two " ) ]
Nothing listSelect attrs xs = select attrs ( zip xs ( map show xs ) ) my Favourites :: MyForm [ String ] my Favourites = MI .
massInput input ( \ x -> X . p << x ) id $ Just [ " Raindrops on roses " , " Whiskers on kittens " , " Bright copper kettles " , " Warm woolen mittens " ] massInputJsFile = " massinput.js " massInputJs = dir massInputJsFile $ liftIO $ return $ toResponse $ MI .
jsMassInputCode
You will then need to modify the ' htmlPage ' and ' main ' methods to serve the ' userextra ' page and link to the javascript needed for massinput functionality :
htmlPage :: ( X . HTML a ) => a -> X . Html htmlPage content = ( X . header << (( X . thetitle << " Testing forms " ) +++ ( X . script ! [ X . thetype " text / javascript " , X . src " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3/jquery.min.js " ] << " " ) +++ ( X . script ! [ X . thetype " text/ javascript " , X . src massInputJsFile ] << " " ) ) ) +++ ( X . body << content ) main = simpleHTTP ( nullConf { port = 5000 } ) ( handleDate ` mplus ` handleUser ` mplus ` handleUserExtra ` mplus ` massInputJs )
Also add the following to the top of Main.hs :
{-# LANGUAGE TypeSynonymInstances , NoMonomorphismRestriction #-}
and add this to the list of inputs :
import Text .
Formlets .
MassInput as MI
Then run Main.hs again and point your browser at http://localhost:5000/userextra
How it works
Advanced : rolling your own output type
Other resources
Irregularity in an ordered crystal structure .
© Fraunhofer IWM
( PhysOrg.com ) --
If solar cells were transparent they could be fitted to windows and building facades .
Physical modeling helps in the development of suitable materials for transparent electronics and thus in creating the basis for transparent solar cells .
Offering a view of the garden and an adjacent field , it looks like any other window .
But this window offers an additional feature : it also produces electricity .
The facades of the house , too , harness solar energy to supply the occupants with electrical power .
This is what the domestic power supply of the future could look like .
The surface area used to produce energy would increase greatly with transparent solar cells .
To translate the vision of see - through solar cells and transparent electronics into reality , two different transparent coatings would be required - one to conduct the electricity via electrons , the n-conductors , and one in which electron holes enable the electricity to flow , the p-conductors .
To produce these coatings the engineers dope the base material with a few other atoms .
Depending on which atoms they use , they obtain the differently conducting coatings .
N - conducting transparent materials are state of the art , but the p-conductors are problematic .
Their conductivity is too low and often their transparency is poor .
Manufacturers need a transparent base material which is amenable to both n- and p-doping .
At present , indium tin oxide is mainly used for the n-conductors , but this is costly .
Indium has become a rare commodity and its price has increased tenfold since 2002 .
The search for substitute materials is therefore in full swing .
At the same time , various questions need to be answered , such as which materials would be best suitable , what they should be doped with to obtain good conductivity , and how good their transparency is .
Research scientists at the Fraunhofer Institute for Mechanics of Materials IWM working in cooperation with other Fraunhofer colleagues have developed material physics models and methods which help in the search .
“ If transparent p-conductors with adequate conductivity could be produced , it would be possible to realize completely transparent electronics , ” says Dr. Wolfgang Körner , research scientist at the IWM .
Using electron microscope images , the researchers initially determine the grain boundaries which most frequently occur in the material - i.e. irregularities in the ordered crystal structure .
These defect structures are modeled atom by atom .
Special simulation methods calculate how the electrons are distributed in the structures and thus in the solid body .
From the data the researchers extract how conductive and transparent the material is .
“ We have found , for example , that phosphorus is suitable for p-doping zinc oxide , but that nitrogen is more promising , ” says Körner .
Provided by Fraunhofer - Gesellschaft ( news : web )
Explore further Window display
Jon Huntsman is seen as a moderate Republican
US President Barack Obama has named the Republican Governor of Utah , Jon Huntsman , as ambassador to China .
Mr Huntsman , 49 , is a fluent speaker of Mandarin , which he learnt while serving as a Mormon missionary in Taiwan .
He has served as a deputy trade representative and ambassador to Singapore , and was seen as a potential presidential contender in 2012 .
President Obama said he had made the appointment " mindful of its extraordinary significance " .
" Given the breadth of issues at stake in our relationship with China , this ambassadorship is as important as any in the world , " he said .
The US could most effectively confront global challenges by working together with China , he added .
Mr Huntsman co-chaired the campaign of John McCain , Mr Obama 's rival in last year 's presidential election , and the president said it would not be the " easiest decision to explain to some members of his party " .
" But here is what I also know : I know Jon is the kind of leader that always puts country ahead of party , " he said .
Mr Huntsman is seen as a moderate voice within the Republican party , correspondents say .
Standing next to the president at a televised news conference , Mr Huntsman said : " I grew up understanding that the most basic responsibility one has is service to country . "
He used a Mandarin saying to underline the point : " Together we work , together we progress . "
The post requires Senate confirmation .
Mr Huntsman served as a US trade representative under President George W Bush , and as ambassador to Singapore under his father , President George HW Bush .
Debris includes spent rocket stages , pieces of broken - down satellites and random objects , like the tools that drifted off during a spacewalk last year .
According to NASA , there are some 18,000 objects in orbit larger than a softball ; 300,000 that are larger than a nickel ; and millions that are even smaller ( among them , the 150,000 sugar - cube - size chunks produced when the Chinese military shot down one of its defunct satellites in 2007 ) .
We do n't have to worry about those down here , but the flotsam orbits at 18,000 mph — fast enough for a fleck of paint seven thousandths of an inch to gash the space shuttle 's window in 1983 .
A new mobile WiFi hotspot device about the size of a credit card is threatening to make USB cellular modems look primitive .
One such devices is the Novatel Wireless MiFi 2200 Intelligent Mobile Hotspot .
It works by tapping into the Verizon 3G Mobile broadband network to create a personalized WiFi ' cloud ' for a fixed number of devices within a 50 foot area .
USB - based modems boast similar features in allowing users to connect to the Internet while in motion or from a remote location .
However , the biggest drawback of using a USB modem is that they are exclusive to only one device .
( Source : usatoday.com )
MiFi , in contrast , can be shared with up to five computers and / or other WiFi- capable devices , including smartphones and digital cameras .
The Novatel MiFi 2200 in particular is small , portable and requires no additional plug-ins to operate .
It has a single on / off button complete with color - changing status lights to show the strength of the connection and the life of the battery .
MiFi 2200 Hampered by Short Battery Life
Since the MiFi 2220 uses a battery , it must be recharged frequently .
It takes about 2.5 hours to re-charge the battery and an AC wall charger is included .
While being charged , the MiFi 2200 can be used as a fixed hot spot to share Internet .
When there are periods of inactivity , the MiFi activates a " sleep " mode , thus prolonging the life of the battery .
( Source : usatoday.com )
The battery is expected to last for 40 hours when in " sleep " mode , but only lasts approximately 4 hours when active .
With more users using the device , the battery drains even faster .
Password Protection
There have been questions raised abut the security of the product .
Many reason that if your personalized " cloud " stretches up to 50 feet , what 's stopping an unauthorized user from hopping on to the Internet on your dime ?
To get around this problem , the MiFi 2200 provides an individualized network password written on a sticker at the bottom of every MiFi device .
Now the password can be shared with only those authorized by the owner .
The MiFi 2200 costs about $ 100 after a mail - in rebate .
All consumers will be required to sign up for a two - year data plan with every purchase .
( Source : testfreaks.com )
[ / caption ]
An Australian doctoral researcher using a backyard telescope has made a potentially big discovery : Earth ’s oceans and continents shine differently on the dark side of the moon .
Now , Sally Langford , a doctoral candidate in physics at the University of Melbourne , is suggesting the “ earthshine ” of planets around other stars could provide long - distance windows into their surface features .
Langford and her colleagues , from Melbourne as well as Princeton University , have shown for the first time that the difference in reflection of light from the Earth ’s land masses and oceans can be seen on the dark side of the moon , a phenomenon known as earthshine .
Their paper appears in this week ’s edition of the international journal Astrobiology .
This is the first study in the world to use the reflection of the Earth to measure the effect of continents and oceans on the apparent brightness of a planet .
Other studies have used a color spectrum and infrared sensors to identify vegetation , or for climate monitoring .
The researchers peered at the dark side of the crescent moon using a 20 cm ( 8 inch ) telescope , on the bigger side of what most amateur astronomers use in their yards .
For three years , Langford took images of the Moon to measure the earth ’s brightness as it rotated .
Observations of the Moon were made from Mount Macedon in Victoria , for around three days each month when the Moon was rising or setting .
The study was conducted so that in the evening , when the Moon was a waxing crescent , the reflected earthshine originated from Indian Ocean and Africa ’s east coast .
In the morning , when the Moon was a waning crescent , it originated only from the Pacific Ocean .
“ When we observe earthshine from the Moon in the early evening we see the bright reflection from the Indian Ocean , then as the Earth rotates the continent of Africa blocks this reflection , and the Moon becomes darker , ” Langford said .
Langford said the variation revealed the difference between the intense mirror - like reflections of the ocean compared to the dimmer land .
“ In the future , astronomers hope to find planets like the Earth around other stars , ” Langford said .
“ However these planets will be too small to allow an image to be made of their surface .
We can use earthshine , together with our knowledge of the Earth ’s surface , to help interpret the physical makeup of new planets . ”
LEAD IMAGE CAPTION : Earthshine on a crescent moon .
Credit : Edward W. Szczepanski , Houston Astronomical Society ( click on the photo to visit Szczepanski ’s page )
Source : University of Melbourne .
The paper is available here .
By Jennifer Carpenter
Science reporter , Toronto
The Tagish Lake meteorite formed before our Solar System Formic acid , a molecule implicated in the origins of life , has been found at record levels on a meteorite that fell into a Canadian lake in 2000 .
Cold temperatures on Tagish Lake prevented the volatile chemical from dissipating quickly .
An analysis showed four times more formic acid in the fragments than has been recorded on previous meteorites .
The researchers told a meeting of the American Geophysical Union that the formic acid was extraterrestrial .
Formic acid is one of a group of compounds dubbed " organics " , because they are rich in carbon .
" We are lucky that the meteorite was untouched by humans hands , avoiding contamination by organic compounds that we have on our fingers , " said Dr Christopher Herd , the curator of the University of Alberta 's meteorite collection .
Samples of the meteorite totalling 850 grams were collected from Tagish Lake in Canada , purchased in 2006 by a consortium including the Royal Ontario Museum and recently subjected to chemical analysis .
The scientists found levels of formic acid four times higher than had previously been recorded on a meteorite .
Studies have until recently focused on the Murchison meteorite that landed in a town of that name in Australia in 1969 .
" The interesting thing is that we do see this variability between meteorites , seeming to have increased enrichments of one particular compound over another , " said Mark Sephton , a meteorite and geochemistry professor at Imperial College London .
" This has for a while been overlooked as we concentrated predominantly on the Murchison meteorite , but now we 've got another fresh sample and we can start to analyse a different portion of the asteroid belt and therefore a different portion of the Solar System . "
Primordial kitchen
The Murchison meteorite contains many types of amino acids
The particular types , or isotopes , of hydrogen that are found in the formic acid show that it most likely formed in the cold regions of space before our Solar System existed .
On Earth , formic acid is commonly found in the stings of insects such as ants , but Professor Sephton said it is likely to have been an important " ingredient in the kitchen " on Earth before life began .
The acid is known to act as a " reducing agent " - acting as a magnet for oxygen atoms during chemical reactions - and facilitate the conversion of some amino acids into others .
It may also be implicated in the transformation of the more primitive RNA into DNA .
Only one of the four " nucleobases " that make up RNA and DNA is different between the two : uracil is present in RNA while thymine takes its place in DNA .
Professor Sephton 's team found uracil in the Murchison meteorite , but no measurable amount of thymine .
However , formic acid is known to help along the reaction that converts the uracil into thymine .
The reaction , he said , is " one of the ways in which you can take some simple molecules and increase the chemical diversity of the pool of pre-biotic molecules " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Pentagon wants to spend just over $ 50 billion on classified programs next year , newly - released Defense Department budget documents reveal .
" That 's the largest - ever sum , " according to * Aviation Week 's * Bill Sweetman , a longtime black - budget seer – a three percent increase over last year 's total .
It makes the Pentagon 's secret operations , including the intelligence budgets nested inside , " roughly equal in magnitude to the entire defense budgets of the UK , France or Japan , " Sweetman adds .
All in all , about seven and a half percent of the Defense Department 's total spending is now classified .
Black - world weapons - buying " remains dominated by the single line item , " according to Sweetman .
( You can find it under the Air Force 's " other procurement " section , on page F - 21 here . )
" This year 's number stands just above $ 16 billion .
In inflation - adjusted terms , that 's 240 per cent more than it was ten years ago . "
Many of the secret budgets still remain clandestine , however .
In the research budget , the line item for a " Special Program " of the super - secret National Security Agency is a string of zeros .
Same goes for an NSA " Cyber Security Initiative " kitty .
And do n't even ask about NSA 's " Intelligence Support to Information Operations " account .
That 's a blank slate , too .
Some other fun facts , buried in the Pentagon 's just - released budget docs :
Money for " Directed Energy Technology " – real - life ray gun research – jumps from $ 62.7 million last year to $ 105.7 million in 2010 .
Cash for " Prompt Global Strike Capability Development " – weapons that can hit anywhere on the planet , in just a few hours – jumps from $ 74.1 million to $ 166.9 million .
The high - flying Global Hawk drones get an an extra $ 486.8 million .
The Office of the Secretary of Defense is pushing $ 75 million in new alt - fuel and alt - power projects – from " Landfill Gas Energy Capture " to a " Tactical , Deployable Micro - Grid . "
The Maui Space Surveillance System gets a major downgrade , from $ 36.3 million to a mere $ 5.8 million .
Aloha , space - watchers !
UPDATE :*CQ's * Tim Starks reports that " the budget would also allocate an unspecified amount to the new ' Imagery Satellite Way Ahead ' program , a joint effort between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Defense designed to revamp the nation ’s constellation of spy satellites . "
The mostly classified plan would include new , redesigned “ electro - optical ” satellites , which collect data from across the electromagnetic spectrum , as well as the expanded use of commercial satellite imagery .
Although the cost is secret , most estimates place it in the multibillion - dollar range .
[ Image : OBB ]
Google has apologized for yesterday 's service outage that left 14 percent of its user base without Google 's wide variety of online services for a few hours .
Google said in a blog post the outage came down to a simple traffic jam at an Asian data center .
The search giant described the situation by using the analogy of a large number of airplanes being rerouted through one airport that was not equipped for a massive influx of traffic .
But in Google 's case , it was n't airplanes looking for a place to land ; it was cloud - based data trying to stay up in the sky .
The confusion surrounding the issue was evident on Twitter where users quickly used the #googlefail hashtag to get the word out and scream bloody murder .
One Tweep , named Leigh said , " the Internet dies without Google . "
She complained that she could n't access her bank account online , because the bank needed Google Analytics -- Mountain View's web traffic analysis utility -- to work .
" This is made of lame , " Leigh said .
The day the Gcloud fell
But is Google that important to today 's Internet ?
Well , a quick look at this graph from the Web security company Arbor Networks shows a canyon - sized hole in North American Internet traffic during the G- outage .
With a wide variety of practical services like Gmail , Google Docs , Maps , Calendar , and even Google search gone , online activities came to a standstill for many people during the Google blackout .
On the National Business Review 's New Zealand site a reader named Karen complained of losing important business appointments in Google Calendar while other entries were duplicated and even tripled , creating a confusing mess .
Let 's hope Karen was able to sort it all out .
Ultimately , the outage was a fixable error and the Internet did n't come crashing down because of it .
However , the #googlefail , while annoying , gives us a moment to pause and think about the wisdom of cloud - based computing .
Just how smart is it to depend on a company to store all your data online ?
On the one hand , online storage is incredibly convenient .
By offloading photos , videos , calendars and documents to someone else 's hard drive , you free up storage space at home .
There is also the added convenience of being able to access your data anywhere whether you 're on the road , in a meeting or stuck on the tarmac waiting for take - off .
And with portable 3G devices like the MiFi coming out , the need for the cloud will only increase .
But it 's not all rainbows and light when you dance in the clouds , because eventually a storm rolls in .
In an article published today entitled , " Will Your Data Disappear When Your Online Storage Site Shuts Down ? "
PC World 's Tom Spring reports on the many recently shuttered data storage services from big companies like AOL , HP , and Sony .
Some smaller storage companies have even gone under without giving users a chance to collect their precious bits and bytes .
Canadian photographer Ryan Pyle told Spring how he lost more than 7000 edited and retouched images after the storage company Digital Railroad abruptly shut its doors last year .
Granted , Google is a much bigger company than Digital Railroad and it's unlikely that a service like Google Docs or Picasa would disappear forever with little or no warning .
But yesterday 's headache shows that Google is not immune to major problems and glitches that can cost you time and effort .
And that fact alone should inspire all you Gmail and Google Docs users out there to think about clearing your hard drive of old movies and Heroes episodes , and pulling copies of your more essential data out of the clouds and back onto solid ground .
Just do n't forget to back up .
If you live on the West Coast of the United States , in parts of China , or in other parts of the world that are prone to earthquakes , then you ’ve most likely experienced one or two .
Most smaller earthquakes are semi-routine and you push the possibility of a huge one out of your mind and go on living .
However , people in parts of the world where earthquakes are n’t very prominent feel that earthquakes are terrifying .
Well , they ’re certainly nothing to be taken lightly – especially the big ones .
The largest earthquake ever to be recorded was not the deadliest ; there was one other in recorded history that took more lives , and beats any other quake by large margin .
1. Shaanxi Earthquake ( January 23 , 1556 ) ; Death toll 830,000
The deadliest quake ever occurred in Shaanxi , China and measured about 8.2 on the Richter scale .
It was so massive that it affected people and structures that were over 300 miles away .
About 60 % of the population in the areas affected died as a result of the quake .
This massive destruction killed an estimated 820,000 to 830,000 people .
2. Indian Ocean Earthquake ( December 26 , 2004 ) ; Death toll 300,000
This is one that should still be fresh in your mind .
You may recall waking up the day after Christmas and hearing all about it or reading it in the newspaper .
This colossal event , which took place just before 1:00 a.m. measured as a 9.3 earthquake on the Richter scale .
It actually occurred in the middle of the Indian Ocean , but affected many countries .
An overwhelming tsunami with waves as high as 100 feet invaded the coastal areas of 11 countries and killed hundreds of thousands of people .
This immense tremor from the earth was the longest ever recorded in history , and said to have lasted eight to ten minutes .
This quake triggered additional earthquakes and after shocks as far away as Alaska .
The largest “ aftershock ” was truly large enough to be considered its own earthquake and measured as 8.7 .
Though the death toll climbed for quite a while after the devastation , the estimated total amount of people killed was around 300,000 .
3. Tangshan Earthquake ( July 28 , 1976 ) ; Death toll over 240,000
At 3:42 a.m. on the morning of July 28 , 1976 , a tragic earthquake struck Tangshan in the northeast portion of China .
Unlike most earthquakes , this one had no foreshocks , so people did n’t know it was coming .
There were other subtle warning signs , but they were ignored .
Because no one anticipated this quake and also because the buildings in the area were n’t built to withstand them , the city was basically leveled .
Unfortunately , rescue crews could n’t get in to rescue survivors that were trapped under rubble because there was only one road not in ruins .
With a 7.8 seismic reading and a tremor that lasted 14 to 16 seconds , the effects of this quake were disastrous .
The official death toll associated with this tragedy was 242,419 .
4. Aleppo Earthquake ( October 11 , 1138 ) ; Death toll estimated at 230,000
Due to the early date of this earthquake , no one is sure precisely what the magnitude was , but it has been determined that it was over 7.0 on the Richter scale .
The quake hit near a town called Aleppo located in northern Syria .
A foreshock the day before alerted local residents , so they fled the area .
The next day , the massive earthquake hit the area destroying buildings and structures all over the area .
Areas around Aleppo were also hit hard and the quake allegedly could be felt from over 200 miles away .
The total number of deaths is unknown but has been estimated at around 230,000 .
5. Damghan , Persia ( Iran ) Earthquake ( December 22 , 856 ) ; Death toll of about 200,000
This devastating quake hit the area of Damghan , Persia , which we know today as Iran .
Though we ca n’t be certain , the magnitude of the earthquake is thought to have been around an 8.0 .
This event was so catastrophic that it affected and destroyed not only that local area , but damaged areas and killed people within about a 100 mile radius of Damghan .
6. Haiyuan Earthquake ( December 16 , 1920 ) ; Death toll 200,000
At about 8:06 p.m. local time on December 16th , one of the largest and most tragic events ever to happen in China occurred .
This earthquake caused a series of aftershocks that lasted for three years .
There ’s a discrepancy in the magnitude of the earthquake , but the official seismic reading was 7.8 .
Though Chinese media claims that the quake was of a magnitude of 8.5 , this has never been verified .
Damage and death was spread among seven different provinces .
7. Ardabil , Persia ( Iran ) Earthquake ( March 23 , 893 ) ; Death toll 150,000
Less than 40 years after the major earthquake in Damghan , a nearby region was hit almost as hard .
Not much confirmed information is known about this disaster , but the the quake was said to have taken about 150,000 lives .
8. Ashgabat Earthquake ( October 5 , 1948 ) ; Death toll 110,000
With a seismic magnitude of 7.3 , the earthquake of Ashgabat , Turkmenistan ( which was the Soviet Union back then ) destroyed nearly everything in this town .
There was also damage in northern Iran due to this quake as well .
Many sources thought that the death toll was only 10,000 , but the confirmed death toll , released in 1988 , is 110,000 .
9. Great Kanto Earthquake ( September 1 , 1923 ) ; Death toll 105,000
At 11:58 a.m. local time on September 1st , a major earthquake struck the Kanto plain located on the Japanese island of Honshu .
With a magnitude of 8.3 , the quake lasted between 4 and 10 minutes and did an immense amount of damage .
To give you an idea of just how intense this earthquake is , you should know that it caused a 93 ton statue of Buddha to move .
It slid almost two feet !
10 . The Great Lisbon Earthquake ( November 1 , 1755 ) ; Death toll around 80,000
The affects of this quake , located in Lisbon , Portugal , were widespread over all of Europe and some other parts of the world as well .
Not only was the earthquake devastating , but it also happened on a very religious holiday in Portugal at the time , All Souls Day .
The initial shaking of the main quake lasted about 10 minutes .
Tremendous shaking was felt in North Africa , which caused many losses of life .
Moderate shaking and damage was felt in Algiers , Spain , France , Northern Italy , and Switzerland .
Many people that survived the initial quake looked for refuge along the coast .
This turned out to be not such a safe area since about a half an hour after the quake , a tsunami hit with three distinct waves .
These hit the shore bringing people and debris out to sea with it .
The highest wave was said to have been about 100 feet high , and caused damage in Portugal , Spain , and Morocco .
For days following the main quake , several aftershocks occurred triggering massive firs in Lisbon and surrounding areas .
Total death toll amounts are reported as anywhere from 10,000 to 100,000 people .
Next time you experience a small quake , just hope and pray that it never turns out to be as bad as these !
Did you know that this kind of thing was even possible ?
The video shows Danny MacAskill .
who rides for UK trials bike company Inspired Bicycles , shredding it in Edinburgh .
As our own Danny Dumas says on Twitter * , “ From what I gather this is parkour … done with bicycles . ”
Keep watching .
If you think it ’s all over after the first couple of minutes , it is n’t .
The video just gets bigger and better as it goes on .
Inspired Bicycles - Danny MacAskill April 2009 [ YouTube via Danny Doom ]
Product page [ Inspired Bikes ]
* Normally , of course , Danny ’s answer to the Twitter question “ What are you doing ? ” is “ Styling my hair .
My beautiful hair .
In the mirror . ”
Technology.am ( Apr. 8 , 2009 ) — First time the U.S. Navy plans to launch an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ( UAV ) for a 24 - hour endurance flight that carries a 5 - pound payload and is powered entirely by a hydrogen - powered fuel cell , called Ion Tiger .
According to the Office of Naval Research , the UAV which can travel farther and carry heavier loads than earlier battery - powered designs ; it also boasts “ stealthy characteristics ” such as reduced noise , low heat signature , and zero emissions ( PDF ) .
Fuel cells convert hydrogen and oxygen into water in a pollution - free process to create an electrical current delivering up to double the efficiency of an internal combustion engine , researchers claim .
The Ion Tiger will use a “ 500 - watt polymer fuel cell with a high specific power system . ”
Weight will be reduced using high - pressure lightweight hydrogen storage tanks .
This test will show how a surveillance drone can operate economically with less possibility of detection and still exceed the duration of previous flights seven - fold .
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
http://www.savagearms.com/firearms/model/Model42/
MSRP $ 500
Combination Gun , 22 LR over 410 bore
Series : Specialty
Magazine : N / A
Stock Material : Synthetic
Barrel Material : Carbon Steel
Barrel Finish : Matte
Barrel Color : Black
AccuTrigger : No
AccuStock : No
Sights : Adjustable
Features : Break - Open Combination Gun , 22 LR or 22 WMR over 410
REVIEW :
Vs .
Savage Model 24 ( Older Model ... Better )
http://www.guns.com/2013/03/20/savage-model-24-rfile-over-shotgun/
UPDATE : Here is a very interesting option ...
http://www.gearupcenter.com/products/x-caliber-shotgun-gauge-adapter-system.html
" X Caliber is the most versatile Gauge Adapter system in the world .
It allows you to shoot 11 different caliber rounds from one shooting platform : a single - shot 12 gauge shotgun .
Each X Caliber adapter is made from 7 inches of 4140 chromoly steel .
Each adapter is also rifled to increase accuracy .
The calibers of ammunition that the X Caliber can fire include : .22LR / 38 special / .357 / 9 mm / 45 acp / 45LC / .410 shotgun / 12 ga. shotgun / .40 cal / .44 mag/ 20 ga. shotgun . "
( Publisher : I 've been watching a Discovery Channel series about volunteers from the city going into the wilds of Alaska to survive weeks on the land while treking from shelter to shelter .
What looked to be very useful in their survival situation was a Rifle Shotgun combo that has been sustaining their lives so far .
In the last episode they left their larger bore rifle behind due to its weight and opted to carry the one .22/410 combo rifle to keep the final 5 people alive .
I think that I would be willing to leave a lot of other stuff behind before I 'd leave my large bore rifle behind in the wilderness of Alaska , ... but then I was not there to feel the starvation and the extra weight .
I asked a ' gunnie ' friend to do some research for me in case I might like to get one someday and this is what he sent me .
I thought you might be interested also . )
Here are a few more examples of the various " affordable " combo guns available .
I thought there was only one company still making these in Russia , but it turns out Remington is currently making one , at a decent price .
YOUTH SIZE CENTERFIRE RIFLE / SHOTGUN MATCHED PAIR
More Information HERE
Steinkamp SW1 : The bullpup double rifle / shotgun
In the Atlantic , James Fallows describes how thoroughly erased the Tiananmen Square atrocity is from the memory of young Chinese people .
Censorship apparently works .
I have spent a lot of time over the past three years with Chinese university students .
They know a lot about the world , and about American history , and about certain periods in their own country 's past .
Virtually everyone can recite chapter and verse of the Japanese cruelties in China from the 1930s onward , or the 100 Years of Humiliation , or the long background of Chinese engagement with Tibet .
Through their own family 's experiences , many have heard of the trauma of the Cultural Revolution years and the starvation and hardship of the Great Leap Forward .
But you can't assume they will ever have heard of what happened in Tiananmen Square twenty years ago .
For a minority of people in China , the upcoming date of June 4 has tremendous significance .
For most young people , it 's just another day .
From Sweden to London to Hollywood , protectors of copyrights are celebrating the conviction of the four men behind the world 's most popular torrent tracker The Pirate Bay .
The four convicted men behind The Pirate Bay -- Frederik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Peter Sunde , and Carl Lundstrom -- say they can't and wo n't pay the $ 3.6 million in damages and promised the site will continue running .
So much for Hollywood 's sweet victory and happy ending .
Hollywood may have won a battle , but the war against piracy is far from over .
Unauthorized file - sharing will continue ( and likely intensify ) , if not through The Pirate Bay , then through dozens of other near - identical swashbuckling Web sites .
Of course , The Pirate Bay 's case is nothing new .
Eight years ago Napster was shut down after getting sued .
It tried a few legal business models , but never managed to even get close to the popularity it had when it was operating illegally .
The shutdown of Napster turned its creator , Shawn Fanning , and Napster into a into heroes and martyrs , inspiring others to develop new ways to pirate music .
The Pirate Bay site itself is still up and running while the case is appealed .
What Hollywood needs to remember is that sites like The Pirate Bay are like weeds .
When you try to kill one , they grow back even stronger .
In this case , The Pirate Bay already moved most of its servers to the Netherlands , a change that could keep the site running even if The Pirate Bay loses its appeal .
The bad news for copyright - holders is there is obviously a market demand for this type of content distribution model .
And while the entertainment industry seeks compensation via lawsuits , other similar services ( which I do not endorse ) such as Mininova , Demonoid and Torrentbox to name a few , will continue to thrive .
That is , of course , until they get sued into oblivion as well .
And then there are always new technologies on the horizon .
Hollywood might want to start looking at a budding new peer - to - peer tool called OneSwarm that aims to let file - swappers preserve their privacy by cloaking their IP address .
What do you think ?
Should all illegal torrent trackers get closed down or should the entertainment industry find a way to make a profit out of them ?
Please let me know in the comments .
You can follow Daniel on Twitter @danielionescu .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A commercial fisherman in Florida had a lucky escape after netting an unusual catch - a live air - to - air missile .
Long - line fishing boat captain Rodney Solomon reeled in the missile in the Gulf of Mexico , about 50 miles ( 80 km ) off Panama City in Florida .
Finding a hole in the missile , Mr Solomon assumed it had gone off .
He kept it as a souvenir and went on fishing for more than a week .
He said it was " a fright " to discover that " any time it could have exploded " .
The local fire chief , Derryl O'Neal , told the BBC that Mr Solomon had reported the find on his return from his trip .
Mr Solomon admitted the experience " was kind of a fright " " He actually came to the fire station and told us he had caught a Tomahawk missile , but it turned out not to be - it was an air - to - air guided missile " known as a Sidewinder , Mr O'Neal said .
Mr O'Neal 's staff quickly secured the area around the missile and told people to leave .
" We were very worried - and even more when the air force confirmed to us that it was live , " he said .
But the missile was safely dismantled .
The area in which the missile was discovered is in or near a zone used by defence forces for testing .
' Nothing scares us ! '
" Occasionally this does happen - I remember a missile was discovered some 15 or 16 years ago , " Mr O'Neal said .
Mr Solomon strapped the missile to his boat , wanting to keep it as a souvenir ( images courtesy WTSP news )
" But really it 's a rare event and we 're not concerned that it will happen again any time soon . "
Local fishermen are being advised not to bring in any similar discovery , but to alert authorities to its exact location .
Mr Solomon says fishermen are used to being in danger and are usually unflappable .
" We 're fishermen , nothing scares us ! " , he told local news organisation WTSP .
But this experience " was kind of a fright " .
He said : " It was like , ' wow man , you all took a big chance bringing in this missile .
You had it on your boat for 10 days and any time it could have exploded on you ' . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I knew that Oprah Winfrey was prone to antiscience ; she has all sorts of New Age nonsense on her show , and the one time Randi was on in recent years he found the experience frustrating ;
Oprah unabashedly promotes all kinds of superstitious garbage .
But now she 's gone way , way too far : she 's signed Jenny McCarthy -- notorious for her misleading statements about vaccines and autism -- on for a multi-platform deal .
McCarthy has advocated a link between autism and vaccinations for years .
She has written and spoken about it at length in very large venues like Oprah 's and Larry King 's shows , but her claims are wrong .
Worse , they 're dangerous : by claiming vaccines are dangerous , she is scaring parents into delaying or even preventing their children from being vaccinated .
I do n't think this threat to the health of our children can be overstated : we have already seen a dramatic rise in outbreaks in preventable diseases due to the rise in media presence of antivax claptrap , and there have been deaths of children , deaths of babies , because of it .
And now Oprah is giving the premier mouthpiece for this movement a huge loudspeaker .
The timing of this could n't be more ironic , with Australian TV slamming the antivax movement due to the death of a four - week - old infant girl from whooping cough -- a death directly related to the antivaxxers in Australia -- with a growing response online to the distortions and outright lies of the antivaxxers here in the U.S , and with antiscience knee - jerking exacerbating the global reaction to swine flu .
Oprah : you have screwed up on this one , and in a huge , huge way .
Jenny McCarthy has loudly and publicly increased fears over vaccinations based on nonsense and bad science .
By giving her a platform , you are virtually guaranteeing that vaccination rates will decline further , there will be more outbreaks of easily preventable diseases , and therefore we 'll see an increase in deaths of children all around the world .
You have claimed to want to make the world a better place -- and you have actually done so in many ways -- but this one act will completely negate any good you 've done in the past .
Antivaccination rhetoric kills .
It is that simple .
The App Store Is a Classic Example Of A Broken Business Process May 10 , 2009
In the last 10 years or so , I 've worked on or witnessed a number of broken technology business processes .
Most of the symptoms and causes appear over and over again , and it appears from the outside that the iPhone App Store process ( if you look at it as a whole ) seems like a colossal disaster in the making .
What is a technology business process ?
It a series of actions taking by various people in a business to perform a business function involving ( or sometimes avoiding ) some technological support .
A perfect example was the CheapTickets refund process I worked on in the late 90's .
The process took 3 months to get refunds to people with unused tickets , and during that whole time no one actually knew the status of anything , the 5 people who worked on it were way overworked , and the company was losing every customer who ever needed a refund ( plus those that they told ) .
Eventually the costs of losing customers overcame the unwillingness to spend any money and they begrudgingly hired my employer ( and thus me ) to fix it ( but only me , they were being cheap ) .
After about 8 weeks or so I had built a new process and the software to make it work , trained the employees and it now took about 1 week with full status reporting .
Why did it get so screwed up ?
When a process ( or company in this case ) starts they do n't plan on growth very well , so things sort of slide along for a while .
Processes which are not immediately important often get overlooked .
Then when it starts to be a pain , managers often start by making the existing employees work harder .
If that does n't work they raid other departments in the company ( if politically possible ) but that screws up other processes and generally creates stress in the new employees ( how do I do this ) and the old ( I have to teach people AND do all this work ) .
If the workers in the process complain management may point to budgets being limited or other " excuses " to keep things from bubbling up the chain .
Spending money on tools ( which might make people more productive ) meets the same denial .
What often happens in these high pressure process environments is that the workers start to create their own " tools " to make their lives easier .
A shared spreadsheet here , a couple databases there , and soon the process is being supported by unsupported tools and applications which although they seem to help the workers , actually makes the process even less effective .
Management often approves of these " self - sufficient " initiatives as they seem to cost no money and make it look like progress is being made .
In the CheapTickets case , the poor workers had utilized spreadsheets , databases , the SABRE reservation system , boxes , files and post - it notes to try to make sense of the mess .
Until I showed up no one had spent any time understanding what the process was , much less how it needed to work .
By spending time with each employee , seeing where all the data came from and to , following the process through all its evil steps it was clear that it could be streamlined and simplified .
Since I understood both the business and knew what technology could ( and could not ) do it was fairly easy to build something that worked for everyone involved .
Another big one I did was for Sabre 's Corporate Air Pricing Group , same kind of kludgy manual process but on a larger scale , which cost Sabre millions a year in Airline penalties simply because they had no audit trail to prove if they were at fault in ticket errors or the Travel Agencies were .
Yet despite the $ the IT people had no interest in such a " minor " process .
So the CAP department hired us ( and I wound up working with another guy on it from my employer ) .
Same problem ( no one cared , employees do the best they can , customers are pissed , and the company is losing $ ) , and same result ( orderly automated processes , full audit trail , better management , and tons of saved money ) .
So what do these two examples have to do with the iPhone App Store ?
Even though I am outside I do know a few folks inside , though mostly I can simply see the end result .
Initially when they started the App Store team I know they raided other departments for personnel .
They also seemed to predict the volume but apparently did not plan for it .
From what I can tell , the process is n't very automated , the reviewers are overworked , there is little supervision or approvals internally , and the lack of bug fixes on vital web apps used by iPhone Developers dragging on for months sure seems like a good sign no one is working on them ( I still can't even log into the Apple Bug Reporter web app despite numerous emails to them , but I do get helpful automated responses telling me to file bug reports in the Bug Reporter ! ) .
Apple in the past has always been very supportive of its developers ( I started as a Mac developer in late 1984 ) and I 've always gotten good help from the Developer Tech Support group ( where I worked for a bit in 1995 ) .
Apparently the App Store team is isolated from the rest of the employees , plus they are forbidden to talk to anyone even at Apple about what goes on there .
I 'd say either the management of this group is incompetent or overwhelmed , or maybe they are neither but their management has hamstrung them with the usual excuses ( you ca n't exceed your budget , sorry ) ; either way the end result reeks of CheapTickets ' refund process or Sabre 's Air Pricing ( Corporate was bad but the general group was even worse ) .
For a company with $ 29 Billion in cash , complaining of budget troubles is rather silly .
I imagine that Steve either does n't care since it does n't impact products directly , or with him being out he 's not getting the full picture .
Business processes are everywhere , you interact with them everyday .
Most companies big and small have terrible ones .
Fixing them is not always expensive ( Sabre 's ROI was about 6 months ) but it often scares management types since you do have to spend some money ( try fixing your dead car with no money ) and it means change ( people hate change ) and it might make them look bad ( you had to hire someone to fix your processes , you must be incompetent ) .
Fixing stuff like this is actually fun , when they are willing to accept that it 's necessary ( like an alcoholic admitting it ) ; generally the workers are happy someone is listening , the customers ( if you get to interact with them ) are happy the company cares , and then when its working you get all sorts of thank yous ( unless you are incompetent and screw it up ) .
Right now I 'd love to get inside Apple and take a look .
Fixing a bad process is a process itself and requires understanding of a lot of areas , both business and technical , and being a patient interviewer .
Plus you have to be a good storyteller and management soother .
Of course fixing the App Store would make me happy too .
Maybe my damn apps might get approved in less than geologic time .
One can always hope .
That is itself a process .
A Trekkie from Compton .
An Iraqi war veteran who majored in physics .
An intellectual alt - rapper who idolizes Canibus but beat down his former manager over money .
Without a doubt , Greydon Square is as contradictory and complex a figure as you 'll find making music in Phoenix .
Not that most people know all that stuff .
Internationally — and this ASU student you 've probably never heard of has an international fan base — he 's known chiefly as " that atheist rapper . "
Thanks to name - checking by Richard Dawkins ( for organized atheists , the equivalent of an Oprah endorsement ) and a somewhat hilarious / puzzling / scary Web drama , he 's the major atheist in rap music .
Info Greydon Square
Sitting on the patio at Pita Jungle , the 27 - year - old Tempe resident , also known as Eddie Collins , is pretty unassuming .
In person , he 's not nearly as confrontational as you might think after listening to his music , in which he talks about desecrating Brigham Young 's grave and pissing in a synagogue .
" I 'm confrontational with people who are , by nature , confrontational with their ideology , " he says .
" You can't run around and tell people that they 're going to hell because they do n't believe in the same sky God as you .
Are you serious ?
I will confront you over that . "
Mostly , though , Greydon debates .
In addition to enough sci-fi and fantasy references to shame geekcore rapper MC Chris , his rhymes are full of those atheist arguments you learn in Philosophy 101 .
The idea is to arm atheists with polished , memorable arguments .
" See , what I did was I looked at hip - hop beefs and noticed that it deteriorated when people started calling each other bitches and ho's and basically stopped formulating arguments , " he says .
" They stopped showing the ability , the skill , and just started talking shit .
I brought it back to presenting a position .
Now you can call me whatever you want , but until you argue a position , you 're wack . "
Though he 's studying computer science — he'd been a physics major , but all the lab work took too much time away from music and job prospects were slim — Greydon is no schoolboy .
Growing up in Compton , California , the same city that spawned Dr. Dre , Ice Cube , Eazy - E , and The Game , Greydon grew up in group homes , a subject he addresses in his newer tracks .
He 's got a lot of other life experiences to write about if he wants — he 's been in a gang and served in the Army in Iraq — but he prefers to keep things mostly philosophical .
" I come from gang life — do n't get it twisted .
I could easily be just another gangster rapper .
That 's not where I am ; that 's not the life I want to portray , " he says .
" You have to understand this , you have to understand my history as a soldier .
I went to Iraq , I saw people die .
It 's not a game to me .
This is the real deal .
This poses a threat to our technological advances that we 're going need to escape the human condition . "
Predictably , most fans of a rapper claiming he's the " black Carl Sagan " are highly educated , liberal , and white : Greydon 's shows make an Aesop Rock concert look like the Million Man March .
Online — most of his fan base congregates on YouTube — you find comments like : " Greydon Square is an atheist rapper .
So even if you hate rap , like me , you can appreciate the message . "
And this : " Normally I do not listen to rap , but if the volume is low and the words are intelligent , it is not too bad . "
Says Greydon , " Not only are my fans mostly white , they 're mostly above 30 .
They 're not young , at all .
So I do shows in front of senior citizen white people because they 're like , ' I can understand what he 's talking about .
This is hip - hop that I can actually get down with . '
I find it humorous .
You can't argue with the quality of the music , regardless of whether you like what I 'm saying or not .
I 've yet to hear anybody say 'he 's wack , he can't spit . '
My music is dope .
I know it 's dope . "
Actually , he 's right ; it really is dope .
Whether or not you like what Greydon 's rapping about , after one listen to his latest record , The C.P.T .
Theorem , you'd be hard pressed not to put him up there with Willy Northpole and the other top rappers in Phoenix .
Lyrically , he 's got a gift for poignant name - dropping and delightfully clever references ( " You could n't beat me with a Game Genie " ) rivaling Eminem .
Flow - wise , he owes a debt to Common .
Regrettably , his unfussy beats are more like what you 'll hear from those clowns on Def Jux than the T.I. - type bangers I favor , but when you 're rapping for aging white intellectuals , it 's probably best to keep it simple .
Though he likes to downplay it — and it would seem out of character — Greydon also has a rap sheet .
The most prominent event was an altercation with his former manager , Brian Sapient , founder of the Rational Response Squad , a militant atheist organization .
Accounts vary , but in a dispute about CD sales at a secular humanist convention in Washington , D.C. , Greydon assaulted Sapient , for which he was put on probation .
The event touched off a firestorm of online bickering among everyone involved .
For example : Someone posted a diss video of " Sapient " frolicking with a costumed Jesus , then a picture of a church sign Photoshopped to say " Get Well Soon Brian . "
In atheism circles , this apparently is a major affront .
Sapient did n't respond to an e-mail seeking comment .
Not that the assault did much to hurt Greydon 's popularity .
Says one British guy in a YouTube video : " If Grey did beat up Brian Sapient , I do n't really care that much .
All I care about is that Greydon Square , one of the most amazing rappers I 've ever heard , continues making the amazing music he does . . .
The geezer is fucking genius . "
Actually , after listening to Greydon 's records released before and after the split , it 's clear the episode helped Greydon evolve .
The Compton Effect , which came out before the split with Sapient , whom other even atheists have called a cult leader and compared to David Koresh , is almost entirely about atheism .
The C.P.T . Theorem , on the other hand , branches into other political and philosophical territory , with extraordinary results .
" It never ceases to amaze me that when people join a group , they just accept the group position on everything .
And I did that , with the Rational Response Squad .
I accepted their methods and I accepted their beefs , " says Greydon .
Though Greydon is still " that atheist rapper , " he also takes on group home life , the war in Iraq , and race relations .
" N Word , " following the format of an infamous Chris Rock routine , is as bold a statement as you 'll hear from a contemporary rapper .
Predictably , Greydon raps , " Niggers believe in God ; black people do n't . "
But he gets much more provocative : " A nigger blames white people for slavery , a black knows it was Africans who sold black people into slavery . "
That 's ground few rappers are willing to tread , but , after tackling the biggest question in the universe , Greydon seems comfortable going there .
He seems comfortable going pretty much anywhere , actually , even if it means offending the elderly white liberals at his shows .
" The fundamentalist atheists are not safe , either , " he says .
" To me , if you run around and you treat non -belief like a religion , then I 've gotta get at you , just because you 're making everyone else look bad . "
Somehow I spent all this time on this planet without ever learning that in C ,
numbers [ 4 ] == 4 [ numbers ]
Arrays are just simply syntactic sugar .
I feel robbed of my childhood !
Come on , go ahead and tell me how you realized this when reading K&R back when you were 6 and writing BASIC interpreters in assembler for fun !
Somehow I spent all this time on this planet without ever learning that in C , numbers [ 4 ] == 4 [ numbers ]
Arrays are just simply syntactic sugar .
I feel robbed of my childhood !...
Official Incorporated 's overly general name is not just to spoof on cheesy corporate aesthetics , it 's generic nature also points to our extensive range of content .
You will find content of all different medium and styles here , so please do look around .
Everything featured here is unique , and often a bit odd .
Since 2004 , the number of passengers bringing their bike on Caltrain has grown over 300 percent .
Thanks to the advocacy of our members , our BIKES ONboard team and Caltrain ’s leadership , bike capacity has increased significantly since 2009 .
While this is a huge help for the many who need their bike to commute every day to and from Caltrain , people with bikes continue to be left behind on the platform , or “ bumped , ” every day due to limited bike capacity .
Join our campaign today and support our work in advocating for bikes and transit .
I first visited Israel in 1969 .
It was a time when much of the western world was still passionately enthused about the country 's triumph in the 1967 six - day war .
President Nasser had for years promised to sweep the Israelis into the sea .
Instead , the tiny Jewish state , less than 20 years old , had engaged the armies of three Arab nations , and crushingly defeated them all .
The Israelis successively smashed through Nasser 's divisions on the western front , scaled and seized the Golan Heights , and snatched east Jerusalem and the West Bank in the face of Hussein 's highly capable Jordanian army .
Sinai was left strewn with the boots of fleeing Egyptians .
The Israeli victory was an awesome display of command boldness , operational competence and human endeavour .
There was a euphoria in Israel in those days , which many visitors shared .
We watched Jews from all over the world gathering to pray at the Wailing Wall for the first time in almost 2,000 years ; Israelis of all ages revelling in the sensation of being able to work the kibbutzim of the north free from Syrian shells .
From inhabiting one of the most claustrophobic places in the world , suddenly they found themselves free to roam miles across Sinai on a weekend .
The soldiers of the Israeli army , careerists , conscripts and reservists alike , walked 10ft tall – the image of an exulting soldier made it on to the cover of Life magazine .
They had shown themselves one of the greatest fighting forces of history , expunging almost at a stroke the memory of Jewish impotence in the face of centuries of persecution , of six million being herded helpless into cattle trucks for the death camps .
In the years that followed , I gazed across the Suez Canal during the artillery bombardments of the 1970 war of attrition with Egypt .
I was a correspondent there in October 1973 , during the Yom Kippur war .
It was an extraordinarily moving spectacle , to behold the people of Israel rallying to meet what they perceived as a threat to their national survival .
One morning I stood on the Golan Heights and watched Israeli tanks duelling with the Syrians , amid pillars of smoke and flame .
A few nights later I bivouacked in the Sinai passes , talking for hours under the stars to Israeli reservists about their hopes and fears .
With a colleague from the Financial Times , having thinly disguised ourselves as Israeli soldiers , we made an illicit night crossing of the Suez canal , to report Ariel Sharon 's stunning encirclement operation which trapped the Egyptian army on the east bank .
In those days I loved those people , and boundlessly admired their achievement .
I wrote in one of my less temperate dispatches , expressing faith in Israel as a bastion of western civilization in the Middle East : " These last three weeks , I am proud to have shared the Israelis ' camp fires in Sinai .
They are a very great people who three weeks ago came closer to destruction than blind Europe seems willing to recognise . "
After I came home from the Yom Kippur war , I received a note from the renowned journalist , James Cameron .
Jimmy , a longstanding Zionist , wrote warmly about my reporting .
He said : " It is impossible to work in combat with the Israeli army without this response , if you have any sense of history and drama . "
But then he added : " I have sometimes wondered over the past few years whether this irresistible military mesmerism has n't clouded for us some of the political falsities .
I just do n't know .
I think I was marginally led up the garden in 1967 . "
Jimmy 's tentative note roused the first stirrings in my mind of ideas which evolved only slowly in the years which followed .
Remember , I was still in my 20s .
I had always loved soldiers .
I was enthused by the romance of the battlefield .
I possessed an excessive respect for military prowess .
Ironically , it was the experience of spending much more time with the Israeli army in the mid-1970s , in the course of researching a book , which caused me to begin to perceive the importance of what Cameron said .
I glimpsed a darker side of Israel .
I learned a lot about the ruthlessness of Israeli anti-terrorist operations .
I spent many hours talking to thoughtful Israelis , who voiced their fears about the perils , the threatened corruption of their own society , which they perceived in the 1967 conquests .
I also became dismayed by the naked imperialism displayed by Israel 's rightwing zealots .
One night at a dinner party in Jerusalem in 1977 , I heard a young Israeli talking about the Arabs in terms which chilled my blood .
" In the next war , " he said , " we 've got to get the Palestinians out of the West Bank for good . "
To me , in my naivete , Israel 's struggle had hitherto seemed that of a brilliant little people , who had suffered the most ghastly experience of the 20th century , struggling for survival amid a hostile Middle East still bent upon their destruction .
Now , suddenly , I found myself meeting Israelis committed to the creation of a greater Israel embracing the West Bank , who were utterly heedless of the fate of its inhabitants .
The Palestinians were perceived as losers , a mere incidental impediment to the fulfilment of Israel 's historic territorial destiny .
By a curious quirk , that young Israeli whom I heard enthuse about emptying the West Bank of Arabs was Binyamin Netanyahu , today his country 's prime minister .
Listening to Israelis such as himself speaking of the Palestinians 30 years ago , I began to understand what a more thoughtful young man than myself might have seen from the outset : the huge danger implicit in rooting a society 's polity in its military prowess and powers of conquest .
When I said something of the kind to a politician of the Israeli right , he responded contemptuously : " You are a typical European .
You loved Israel when it was a victim .
Now you turn your face from us , because we have become too strong for your taste .
We are no longer Jews on our knees , begging for pity . "
I had lunch one day in Jerusalem in 1979 with that brilliant Israeli novelist and peacenik Amoz Oz , who said something of the same kind , but from a different perspective : " People like you , " he said to me , " are going to become very disappointed in Israel in the years ahead .
You want it to behave like a European society .
Instead , it is becoming a Middle Eastern society .
I hope that it will not behave worse than other Middle Eastern societies .
But you should not delude yourself that it is likely to behave much better . "
This seemed a profound observation .
The generation of Israelis whom I met , and embraced , in the late 1960s and early 1970s were overwhelmingly formed by the diaspora from which they came .
In the decades since , as they have died , their society has become dominated by those forged by different experiences – either of whole lifetimes in the fevered hothouse of Israel , or by immigration from Russia , whence so many newcomers have arrived in recent times .
Three years ago in Jerusalem , I met a very bright couple in their late 40s , who had emigrated from Russia a decade earlier .
When we began to speak of the Palestinians , the husband said : " In my Russian village in 1920 , there was trouble with guerrillas .
Budenny 's Cossacks came .
They burnt the village from which the guerrillas came .
The guerrillas returned twice more .
The Cossacks burned two more villages .
Then there was no more trouble with guerrillas . "
This was the culture from which these two highly - educated Israelis came .
They asserted that the Budenny method was the only proper one by which to address Hamas , Hizbollah and Fatah .
The policies of recent Israeli governments suggest that their view is widely shared .
Between the late 1970s and 1990s , I was one of those foreigners who progressively fell out of love with Israel .
I became persuaded that the arrogance of its faith in its own military power had induced its people to go far beyond a belief in defending their own society , to support a polity committed to perpetuating a great historic injustice against the Palestinians .
Whatever government is in power in Jerusalem , there is a belief that peace with the Muslim world is unattainable ; and thus that Israel must resign itself to a future dependent on its military capability rather than on negotiation .
Associated with this is a belief that Jewish colonisation of the West Bank is a price the Palestinians must expect to pay for their refusal to make peace .
The most extraordinary , indeed nihilistic aspect of Israeli military policy towards the Palestinians is that it has sought to punish terrorism by deliberately wrecking the economic base of Palestinian society .
On its own terms , this has succeeded .
Today the only thriving industries in Palestinian territory are human reproduction , terrorism , and the propagation of grievances .
The conditions in Gaza are , to us , almost unimaginable .
Few have work .
Most live in breezeblock barracks .
From one year to the next they see nothing that is beautiful except the sea and sky .
Hatred for their oppressors has become the only functioning engine of their society .
People who have nothing have nothing to lose .
The policies of modern Israel have created the certainty of new generations of neighbours committed to its undoing .
The Palestinians ' only influence rests upon the power of such weapons as they can obtain , and upon their destructive capacity to broadcast terrorism .
Who can be surprised that the people of Gaza elected a Hamas government ?
No sane society engages an overwhelmingly militarily superior nation on the battlefield on terms which suit the possessor of power .
There is no purpose in wasting rhetoric upon moral denunciations of terrorism or even suicide - bombing , especially so when Jewish terrorism played a substantial part in Israel 's birth .
The Palestinians , together with the Muslim world and many in the west , no longer believe that Israel will grant justice to their people by negotiation ; they believe that only force might eventually drive the Israelis to make concessions .
Israel suffers the same frustration on a regional scale as that which afflicts the US globally : the difficulty – some of us would argue impossibility – of leveraging overwhelming military power to make its will prevail upon the Palestinians .
The Palestinians are incapable of imposing their own will on the Israelis .
But poverty , misery and impotence represent weapons of their own .
These things cause Israel to be regarded by a large part of the world as an oppressor .
I often think that Israelis focus too much upon their past , not enough upon their future .
In the days when I visited Israel regularly , dinner - table arguments about the nation 's strategy became familiar .
There would often come a moment when somebody would blurt out – justifying this or that aspect of Israeli policy : " But you 've got to understand why we must do this – because of the Holocaust . "
For more than 60 years , the Holocaust card has been played again and again .
Today in Europe , there is not the slightest danger that the unspeakable fate of the Jews in the 1940s will be forgotten .
But many people , especially the young , no longer perceive the crimes of Hitler , however monstrous , as providing remotely adequate justification for – for instance – Israeli military excesses in Gaza and the appropriation of scarce water resources at Palestinian expense .
The Holocaust argument is sometimes displaced by a more facile jibe : that those who criticise Israel are guilty of anti-semitism .
I have been accused of this myself .
Yet I take comfort from the number of Jews who express repugnance about Israel 's excesses .
Avi Shlaim has dissected the failures and deceits of modern Israeli policy far more convincingly than I could .
Rabbi David Goldberg has described Israel 's failure to create a plausible successor vision to that of the old Zionists .
" Zionism 's most important achievement , " he says , " was to provide a haven for the escapees and survivors of Hitler 's Holocaust . "
Today , by contrast , few western Jews want to live there .
The Zionist claim , that the country is the natural home of Jews , is rejected by a majority of the world 's 14 million Jews .
Goldberg argues that " Zionists claim that only in their own land can Jews lead a full , ' normal ' life without fear of anti-semitism .
But the irony of Israel 's geopolitical situation is that the average Jew walking the streets of Los Angeles , Golders Green or even Moscow is physically safer than the average Israeli walking in Jerusalem or Tel Aviv . "
Many Jews no longer believe that the Zionist concept of entitlement , based first upon Biblical history , and latterly upon the Holocaust , suffices to justify perpetuating historic injustice upon the Arabs of Palestine .
Benny Morris 's excellent recent history of the events of 1948 shows that even a respected Israeli historian is today ready to acknowledge the scale of Israeli ethnic cleansing at the time , and of the deceits employed since to conceal what took place .
The Israeli myth , that the Palestinians displaced in 1948 voluntarily abandoned their homes and property , is unsustainable in the face of such evidence .
An Israeli listening to all this might interrupt angrily : " But why do you say so little about Hamas and Hizbollah , rocketing and suicide - bombing innocent Israeli civilians ? "
Yes , indeed – such acts must always be condemned .
But what of proportionality ?
In recent years , for every Israeli killed by terrorism , the Israeli security forces have killed 30 , 40 , 50 Palestinians – most of them civilians .
Israel exacts a blood price from the innocent of a severity which only tyrannies have historically thought appropriate .
The entire thrust of Israeli policy towards the Palestinians in recent times has been to convey a crude message of overwhelming power , of Israel 's ability to command , kill or destroy at will , without fear of sanctions .
The Israeli army , which once exemplified much that was best about Israel , has today been corrupted by the long experience of suppressing insurgency .
Morally , if not militarily , it is a shadow of the force which fought in 1948 , 1956 , 1967 , 1973 .
Israel has tested to destruction the utility of force in achieving its security .
It is not enough to assert proudly that the Jewish state remains a democracy and haven of free speech in a region in which neither of these precious things is much in evidence , if that same democracy behaves in a fashion which denies mercy to the weak .
For someone like me , who enjoyed a love affair with Israel 40 years ago , it is heart - breaking to see the story come to such a pass .
It is because so many of us so much want to see Israel prosper in security and peace that we share a sense of tragedy that 61 years after the state was born amid such lofty ideals , it should be led by such a man as Bibi Netanyahu , committed to policies which can yield nothing honourable or lasting .
Amoz
Oz 's 1979 prophesy to me has alas been fulfilled .
It will be as great a misfortune for Israel as for the Palestinians , if its governments persist in their past delusions through the years ahead .
Extracted from one of the Leonard Stein lectures delivered by Max Hastings .
The full text of the speech can be downloaded here
A grim Mayor David Miller warned " a small group of people who are using Toronto as their personal dumping ground " to stop immediately or face prosecution and possibly thousands of dollars in fines .
On Day Two of the strike by 30,000 city workers , Miller took the microphone at an afternoon city briefing to concentrate on one issue : illegal dumping .
" I want to put these people on notice that we will not tolerate this type of activity , " he said , flanked by equally grim city officials .
" Torontonians are immensely proud of our city .
For those few who do n't get the message : Illegal dumping will not be tolerated . "
Earlier , cameras across the city captured a man unloading trash from his van at the downtown Cherry St. transfer station .
Bags , boxes and broken furniture has been piling up outside the Bermondsey transfer station at Eglinton Ave. E. and Victoria Park Ave. in mounds a metre and a half high and the width of the roadway .
And bags of garbage has been piling up on and around sealed litter bins .
Miller enlisted Torontonians who spot illegal dumping to report the culprits , with locations , amounts and licence numbers , to the city at 416-380-0338 .
The fine is $ 380 but bylaw officers will prosecute dumpers and a first time offence could cost homeowners up to $ 10,000 and businesses up to $ 50,000 .
Miller promised frustrated homeowners 19 new garbage drop - off sites by the end of the week if the strike , which started at 12:01 a.m.
Monday , drags on .
" The vast majority of Torontonians respect their city , " he said .
" They 've shown tremendous goodwill by taking their litter home .
I ask Torontonians to be a little bit patient .
If at all possible , wait a little while longer " before taking garbage to transfer stations .
Miller said his family is stowing their garbage in the garage in High Park so far .
He admitted the promised " protocol " to manage delays imposed by picket lines at the transfer stations still has n't been negotiated , but he warned that people who unload their trash at the gates are risking the same stiff fines .
" Today is the first day of regularly scheduled collection , " Geoff Rathbone , manager of city waste collection , reminded residents .
" There should not be an immediate need . "
This morning , a couple from downtown Toronto pulled up at Bermondsey in their SUV with 15 black bags stuffed with garbage inside .
" We are homeowners and have five apartments , " said the woman who refused to give her name .
" The only way out is privatization but I do n't see that happening while Miller is around . "
Vigilant residents around Christie Pits sent out an alarm this morning over mounds of rubbish there but it was gone in a few hours , picked up by managers .
Deputy Mayor Joe Pantalone said it had been left by a church group using the park on the weekend .
They will be billed .
" Christie Pits , nor any park , will not be used as a garbage dump , " Pantalone said via email .
Miller deflected a question about his once warm relations with unions in light of the strike by two locals of the Canadian Union of Public Employees .
" This labour dispute is n't about me .
The issue of affordability is a very serious one .
The world has changed since last year .
What 's more important is that the city as a government keep people employed and provide the services Torontonians need . "
The city and the unions are still negotiating , he said .
" Strikes are extremely difficult things .
They 're wrong for everybody .
They 're wrong for the workers who should be at work .
They 're wrong for the parents . "
The strike has emptied the 57 city - run daycare centres for 2,800 children as well as park programs and city playing fields .
Summer day camps scheduled to open next week are in jeopardy .
Children also lost a prime tourist attraction today because of the strike .
The amusement park called Centreville , on the Toronto Islands , announced it has pulled the plug on the rides and attractions for the duration of the strike , forcing 400 seasonal employees off the job .
The park , just getting into its peak season , is stung by the shutdown of city ferries and other services .
Miller 's plea for patience in what he called a " hot week " to come came just a few hours after a city worker picketing outside city hall was hurt when a driver nudged him with his car , Toronto police said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The driver had been harassing pickets after he was held up trying to get into the underground parking garage .
The driver " tried to push the man out of the way with his vehicle , " said Const .
Tony Vella .
At the Bermondsey station this morning , picketer Ed Barber was angry .
" The union does n't have any concrete leadership or organization , " said Barber , who works for the Toronto water department .
" This is stupid .
We should be at work .
There 's a recession .
Why do n't people understand that . "
One of the main issues is whether workers can bank sick days .
Workers are entitled to 18 sick days a year .
At retirement , they can cash in a maximum of 120 days , or six months ' pay .
One auditor 's report says Toronto would have to pay out $ 249 million , if all the workers cashed in .
A lingering strike would devastate many of the 8,100 independent and chain restaurants , bars and caterers in the city , Stephanie Jones , Ontario vice - president of the Canadian Restaurant and Foodservices Association , said today .
Small restaurants and cafes are already hammered by the second - lowest profit margins in the country — at 2.5 per cent — because of labour costs , food costs and the fallout from 9/11 , she said .
Having to spent more time and money on private collection could send them under .
While most restaurants in the city already have private collection , because the city can't pick up often enough , the little independents , particularly in neighbourhoods where they 're bookended by greengrocers , retainers and convenience stores , will have to work out their own system .
Jones fears a escalation in Toronto of the ugly scenes played out between restaurants and other small businesses in back alleys in Windsor , where a strike has stopped garbage collection for nine weeks .
Meanwhile , entrepreneurs with offers to pick up the slack of closed summer camps are joining daycare offers on Craigslist .
About a half - dozen posted today proposed alternates to the city camps scheduled to start next week .
With files from Raveena Aulakh , John Spears , Vanessa Lu , Noor Javed , Nick Aveling and Rob Ferguson
Scientific Designs and Tutorials That Will Inspire You
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Posters have many uses and come in different styles .
They can be hung on the walls inside your home , your office , your cubicle .
They can be used for print media advertising a special event or a product branding .
Some are with typography and some without .
The following poster art provides a perspective of science that can only be seen from the artistic side .
Links to the profiles of the known artist or source has been provided so that you may view their other designs .
Art and science .
The two are more known to be near opposites in the world .
Yet , when creativity collides with a logically inspired motif , the results can be spectacular .
With a mixture of creative graphics , illustrations , 3D models , trendy typography , photo manipulations and more , you are able to create some of the most amazing art .
Posters have many uses and come in different styles .
They can be hung on the walls inside your home , your office , your cubicle .
They can be used for print media advertising a special event or a product branding .
Some are with typography and some without .
The following poster art provides a perspective of science that can only be seen from the artistic side .
Links to the profiles of the known artist or source has been provided so that you may view their other designs .
You may also be interested in the following related posts :
So sit back and let your imagination expand as you take a scientific journey through the the eyes of many artists .
Scientific Designs , Posters , and Tutorials
Nuclear War
There are two tutorials on the Greg Martin site that are truly quite remarkable , “ Make A Realistic Star Field ” and “ Make A Planet ” , one which is listed at the end of the post .
The Star Field tutorial will help you create awe - inspiring star fields , and the Planet tutorial shows how to create a simple , yet realistic - looking planet using Adobe Photoshop 7 .
Create and benefit from art and science
We all have a right to create and benefit from art and science .
For a book on human rights .
Forgotten Wizard
We all have a right to create and benefit from art and science .
For a book on human rights .
Evolution Fashion Show Poster
Modern Science Will Kill Us All
As Fast As I Can
War Brings Chaos
This illustration has nice photo manipulation and creative use of shapes and colors .
The Forgotten Science Good visual representation of an abstract issue .
Legacy A retro abstract cosmic illustration .
DPI
Very unique poster which will inspire you to sit and count the dots per inch .
Chemistry in Forensics
A retro style poster made in Adobe Illustrator .
Blocky Hyperspace Space design with elements that look like shards or strips of metal .
100 Hours of Astronomy Utilize one of the tutorials listed below to learn how to create planets and moons in Photoshop .
Rocket Science
A colorful and unique typeset overlays a dark starry field of space .
This is Not Rocket Science Good typography mixed with a cool 50 ’s flair makes this a fun poster
Yes , This is Rocket Science Retro style design with 3D effects .
The Politics of Science More than creative typography , an artist can see this message , “ The Politics of Science ” , as the basics of science using various types of equipment and sightings in a typical lab from microscopes to test tubes .
War Florescent streams of light flow through the unique typography .
Flying Through Space
With the darkened skies of space and the spacecraft moving quickly , the galaxy ( by the perception of the artist ) is definitely not far behind .
Science vs. Religion
Exponential
Space Abstract
An abstract of design incorporating good colors and shapes .
Kill
The Earth Bringing forth a sense of the eeriness of the earth , this illustration uses depth and silhouette to depict a truly unique view of where we originate from , the dirt .
A Desolate Outlook on Tomorrow
An environmental concept design using warm colors .
Kau
Fine outline and soft colors shows off this environmental illustration .
Renova Green Love and Action Bright and cheerful layered illustration full of color .
Photosynthesis Inspiring .
Detailed .
A transformation in progress within the illustration .
Comet
The reflection of the comet in the realistic rippling water makes this picture stand out .
WWF Lungs Nice shades of green with good detail .
Spektrum XL 6 3D graphics and position of wheels makes this image lifelike .
Sub Focus
Think big !
Large header typography and a big yellow submarine make a bold statement .
Spektrum XL 3 Good design with cat scientists , 3D effects , and typography .
Chemistry of Love Designed by Marco Marella .
The Extended Bell Curve A creative way to show design with the curve .
Celebrate Pi Day
A combination of different typesets used to create a great poster for Pi Day .
Space Time Grasp a hold on the planet while it ’s still green .
This capturing fractal art rendition ensnares the globe for you .
Cosmic Eye
The beauty of design is truly in the eye of the beholder .
What do you see here ?
Cosmic Butterfly Nature infused with a sense of cosmic play created this conceptual butterfly .
Science Experiments
Multiple colors and design show off the detail of the iguana ’s scales .
Solar System
The best photographs in the universe are provided by NASA .
On this poster , nine planets ( including the controversial Pluto ) are featured in bold and colorful design .
Geologic
Time A unique spiral illustration of geologic time in 3D
20 Tutorials to help you recreate some of the scientific elements , typography , and graphics
Making of A Floating Island
In this tutorial , you will learn in 10 easy steps how to make a cool and trendy floating island .
Create A 3D flowery Text Effect in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop
In this tutorial , you will learn how to make a 3D font , apply gradients , and floral effects .
Photoshop Tutorial : Stunning 3D Eeffects in 30 MSBinutes
In this tutorial , you will learn how to make 3D typography with a glowing effect .
Design A Rocket - Powered Retrofuturistic Digital Illustration
In this tutorial , using both Illustrator and Photoshop , you will learn how to create a retro interpretation of 3D typography with an an out - of - this - world digital illustration on space exploration .
Creating A Nebula
In this tutorial , you will learn how to make a star field and nebula cloud using Photoshop .
Making A Realistic Star Field
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create beautiful star fields that make a piece of celestial art what it is : a portrayal of space .
Light and Glow Effect in Photoshop Tutorial
In this tutorial you will learn several different glow and light effects in Photoshop .
Planet
In this tutorial , you will learn how to make a planet and 3D text while positioning it around the globe .
3ds Max Nuclear Explosion Tutorial
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create a stunning nuclear explosion animation using 3ds Max .
Creating A Retro Grunge Poster
In this tutorial , you will be using textures and the pen tool to make a retro grunge style poster .
How To Draw Optimus Prime ( OP ) from Transformers
In this tutorial , you will learn how to draw the one and only Optimus Prime ( OP ) from the popular cartoon series , Transformers .
How To Draw Bumblebee autobot from Transformers
In this tutorial , you will learn how to draw the autobot Bumblebee from the popular cartoon series , Transformers .
How To Draw Bumblebee autobot from Transformers
In this tutorial , you will learn how to draw an autobot in 3D Studio Max .
Kaboom !
Exploding Text Using both Photoshop and 3ds Max , you will learn how to create exploding typography .
Create a Spectacular Flaming Meteor Effect on Text
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create a fire effect similar to when a spaceship or comet enters the earth ’s atmosphere .
How To Create A Gold Text Effect In Photoshop
This tutorial will show you how to create a gold text effect .
Using only Layer Styles , and once other new style is created , you will be able to save the style and apply it wherever you want .
Create a Spectacular Grass Text Effect in Photoshop
In this tutorial , you will learn to create a grass text effect .
This could look super cool on your next environment or eco related project .
Design A Retro Futurism Space Scene
In this tutorial , you will learn how to design a retro-futuristic space scene , using a variety of lighting effects and photo manipulation .
Design A Grunge - style Abstract Typography with Rusted Metal Texture
In this tutorial , you will explore some layer blending techniques , variuos filter effects , and an interesting method of making the text look 3D .
Further Resources
New data on the persistence of avian influenza viruses in the environment has allowed a team of University of Georgia researchers to create the first model that takes into account both direct and indirect transmission of the viruses among birds .
The model , which is detailed in the early online edition of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , has the potential to shed new light on how outbreaks begin in wild bird populations .
" The environmental transmission of avian influenza among birds is quite rare , but our model shows that it can play an important role in outbreaks , " said lead author Pejman Rohani , professor in the UGA Odum School of Ecology .
" There are situations where ignoring the possibility of environmental transmission would cause you to significantly underestimate the probability , magnitude and duration of an outbreak . "
Rohani explained that current models of avian influenza only take into account the direct transmission of the virus that occurs when infected waterfowl and shorebirds shed the virus in their feces and those nearby drink contaminated water .
But research in the UGA College of Veterinary Medicine has revealed that some avian influenza viruses can persist in water for up to 150 days .
So even when no infected birds are present , Rohani said , virus present in the water can trigger an outbreak .
Models that only take into account direct transmission , he pointed out , would incorrectly conclude that there 's no risk of an outbreak when no infected birds are present .
The viruses the researchers studied are known as low - pathogenicity viruses and do not infect humans .
Low - path viruses only cause mild symptoms in birds but have the potential to swap genes and give rise to high pathogenicity viruses that can cause massive die - offs in poultry and - in rare cases - can infect humans .
The H5N1 avian influenza virus , for example , has a 60 percent mortality rate in humans and is responsible for 262 deaths worldwide since 2003 , according to the World Health Organization .
" We need to understand low - path viruses because they are a storehouse of genetic variation that can give rise to new and potentially dangerous strains , " said study co-author John Drake , assistant professor of ecology .
In addition to the environmental persistence of the virus , the team 's model takes into account variables such as lake size and the rate at which infected birds recover to describe likely and worse case outbreak scenarios .
The model also reveals that environmental transmission extends the duration of an outbreak by infecting birds that have n't come into contact with other birds yet have consumed contaminated water .
The data on the environmental persistence of avian influenza viruses comes from the lab of David Stallknecht , associate professor in the department of population health in the UGA College of Veterinary Medicine .
In a study recently published in the journal Veterinary Microbiology , Stallknecht and lead author Justin Brown determined the persistence of 12 low - path avian influenza viruses under natural ranges of pH , salinity and temperature .
The researchers found that the duration of persistence varied widely among viruses , but that the viruses generally are most stable at a slightly basic pH , temperatures of less than 63 degrees Fahrenheit ( 17 degrees Celsius ) and in fresh to slightly brackish water .
" The role of the environment in the transmission of avian influenza has been almost completely undefined , and that 's what makes this research so exciting , " said Brown , a post - doctoral researcher .
" Migration and other factors relating to the biology of the avian host are still very important factors that drive the epidemiology of avian influenza , but now we can look at various environments and ask if they 're better or worse for the transmission of avian influenza . "
GM says that GMAC 's falling ability to offer finance has dented sales
US car financing firm GMAC , which has received a $ 6bn bail - out , has returned to profit in the fourth quarter after more than a year of losses .
The company 's fourth - quarter profit of $ 7.46 bn ( £ 5.2 bn ) compares with a loss of $ 724 m a year earlier .
However , there has been no recovery in its core businesses , with its car financing arm reporting a $ 1.3 bn loss .
GMAC is owned by struggling car maker General Motors and Cerberus , a private equity firm and Chrysler 's owner .
It also has a home loan business , which lost $ 981m .
The unexpected profit is largely down to a $ 11.4bn gain from a debt swap to strengthen the firm 's balance sheet and avoid default , which has reduced its interest payments .
Bail - out
In December , GMAC won permission from regulators to become a bank and therefore gained access to the Treasury 's financial industry rescue fund .
The bail - out was aimed at helping revive car industry sales by offering cheaper loans to a wider range of buyers who may have lower credit scores .
GMAC has traditionally provided the bulk of financing for car buyers at GM dealerships and the loans that dealers rely on for their inventories of GM cars and trucks .
But its ability to provide both kinds of financing has been sharply limited over the past several months because of the broader credit crisis which weakened GMAC 's ability to borrow .
My friend , author and freelancer Linda Formichelli , just posted a long interview with Dan Baum , former New Yorker staff writer and freelancer .
Linda had asked me for questions to put to Dan and so the interview is a blend of her questions and mine .
She posted the interview on her blog and by permission ( Linda ’s and Dan’s ) , I ’m cross-posting it here .
( Thanks , guys ! )
Some interesting advice and insights for freelance writers about the hows of doing longer - form journalism and current and future prospects for working writers .
***
Dan Baum has written for Rolling Stone , Playboy , Wired , and other big - name magazines , and is a former staff writer for The New Yorker ; on his website , you can download proposals that landed assignments with these magazines .
Baum is the author of Nine Lives , and runs a blog called WordWork .
The account of his “ short career at The New Yorker “ ran as a series of Tweets in May .
Many freelancers fantasize about doing the kinds of pieces that you ’ve written .
What does it take to succeed in that kind of long - form journalism ?
The biggest mistake I see other freelancers make is that they do n’t work hard enough .
I know that seems odd because if feels like we all work really hard .
But it always seemed to me that getting the assignment was the hard part ; researching and writing the story is the easy part .
The trick is , proposals have to be really detailed .
You have to do a substantial amount of the reporting and the writing just to get the assignment .
So you ’ve got to be clever about that , because if you spend weeks working on a proposal , you ’re going to go broke because you might not sell the story .
On the other hand , if you do n’t make the proposal really good , really dense , really packed with information and really well thought out , you ’re not going to get the assignments .
I ’ve been doing this now since 1987 , that ’s 22 years , and I still write proposals that do n’t sell .
My website has a bunch of them .
Somebody pointed out on some blog that if you read my proposals that did sell and my proposals that did n’t sell , you ’d be hard pressed to tell which is which , because there ’s just a lot of luck in this business .
Margaret [ my wife ] and I used to do freelance for newspapers when we were living in Africa and in Montana , and they would only pay us like $ 150 per story , but they might also pay a little bit of travel expenses .
So we would use the reporting that we did for the newspaper story to finance the writing of a magazine proposal ; but it ’s always this balancing act between doing enough work on a proposal to sell it but not so much that you ’re doing too much work for free .
Generally , by the time I get an assignment , a third of the research is done , and at the very least , I know the parameters of where the research is going to take me and I have a sense of the universe of sources and documents that are going to be available .
So I can pretty quickly and easily get the story reported and written .
It may be that you do n’t need to do that .
I ’ve never had much success writing shorter proposals .
This is just what works for me , and it ’s not necessarily what works for everybody .
I do n’t want anybody to think that I ’m saying that these are the be - all - end - all of story proposals , there are plenty up on the site that have n’t worked .
Well , you ’re going to laugh because I cowrote a book called The Renegade Writer about breaking the rules of freelancing , and one of the rules you read in all the writing books is that your queries have to be one page long .
But when I started writing longer pitches , I started getting into the national magazines .
Portfolio had a rule that all proposals had to be one page , and Portfolio just went out of business .
I do n’t think they went out of business because they demanded one - page proposals ; I think they went out of business because they did n’t have a very clear vision of what the magazine was .
But maybe their insistence on one - page proposals was indicative of a short attention span and a certain amount of panic that things had to move so fast .
And that was a monthly , so they could have really taken their time .
Your proposals are a lot of work .
When you come up with a proposal idea , do you target it only to one magazine or do you say “ if it does n’t work for magazine A I ’m going to send it to magazine B ” ?
Well , you have to write a proposal for the sensibilities of a particular magazine , so when people tell me “ I have an idea for a story , ” my first question is “ You have an idea for a story for what magazine ? ”
Because you ca n’t say , “ I have an idea for a story , and if I ca n’t sell it Playboyy I ’m going to sell it toRolling Stone , and if I ca n’t sell it to Rolling Stone I ’m going to sell it to Harper ’s , ” because it just does n’t work that way .
The story and the magazine go together and it ’s very hard to re-write a proposal that does n’t sell at one magazine for another magazine .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever done that .
If you do n’t sell that story to the magazine you originally have in mind , probably the smartest thing to do is put it aside , cut your losses , and go on to the next thing .
Some people may try to recycle proposals for different magazines ; I do n’t think I ’ve ever been able to do it .
Do you think that ’s only for the type of writing you do ?
Because if I do n’t sell something to Family Circle then I ’m tweaking that thing for Woman ’s Day .
It may be .
I want to keep saying this that this is just my experience .
Family Circle and Woman ’s Daymight be similar enough .
In the small number of magazines that I wrote for , you just could n’t do it .
I mean , if you were writing a proposal for Wired , there ’s just nobody else you could sell it to .
I tried , I ’ve tried , I really have .
I really have tried and it just never worked for me .
What does it take to make it — what kind of interests and background do you need to be able to do the kind of journalism that you do ?
What is your background ?
I worked for six years in newspapers and then we ’ve been freelancing ever since .
What does it take ?
I used to say that for people getting out of college , working at a newspaper is great training , but newspaper jobs are getting hard to get .
I think it takes relentlessness .
When I ’m starting to work on a story , I ’ll start reading about something , and I ’ll just follow every link , and as I ’m doing it I ’ll make a list in a Word document of the people that I need to find .
I start calling them immediately , and talking to them and taking notes on my computer .
The expression I use with Margaret is “ I had a red dog day today , ” which means I had my nose down on the ground and I was going after everything today .
Just hoovering in enormous amounts of information .
And when I start a proposal , I try to have a series of red dog days where I am just relentless , going after everybody , and as soon as I encounter somebody ’s name I pick up the phone and I call .
When I finish the interview I say , Who else should I talk to ?
Then I call those people .
I do n’t put it off — I do n’t say these are people I ’m going to call later — I do it right then .
Man , there are times when in one day I can get enough information to write a proposal that will get me a $ 12,000 magazine assignment .
When you are calling people and you do n’t have an assignment yet , how do you convince them to talk to you ?
I say , “ I ’m working on a story for The New York Times Magazine . ”
Or “ I ’m working on a story for Wiredmagazine . ”
So you do n’t let them know you do n’t have the assignment in hand ?
No , I say I ’m working on a story for Wired magazine and I am .
My relationship with Wired magazine at that point is none of their business .
What do you do if they ask when the publication date is ?
I say “ I do n’t know , that ’s out of my hands ; it ’s above my pay grade . ”
On to another topic :
You have such a broad range of things that you write about .
How do you know , when you come up with an idea , that it ’s going to fly ?
If it ’s already all over the Internet , how do you know it is n’t already too much in the public consciousness for somebody to want to run it ?
Yeah , that ’s what you always face .
I want to write a story about Masdar , which is this city being built in Abu Dhabi — a zero energy city being built from scratch .
I thought this would be a great story for Wired .
It turned out Wired never heard of it but they said they were suffering from Abu Dhabi fatigue — they have too many stories on Abu Dhabi .
Then I tried to talk to The New York Times Magazine and did n’t get anywhere .
So I dropped it .
It ’s a great story , but I just dropped it .
I look for stories with interesting people in them , and one of the tricks that I ’m always trying to impress upon young writers is that when you ’re interviewing somebody , like if I was interviewing the chief solar engineer at Masdar , a big mistake people make is talking to that guy only about solar engineering .
You have to throw in questions that have nothing to do with the subject .
How many siblings do you have and what number are you ?
What do you read ?
What are your hobbies ?
Are you married ?
How many kids do you have ?
Have you ever been divorced ?
You ’ve got to get them talking about themselves .
I ’m asking these questions that are just none of my business , really personal questions , and I ’ll just keep getting in closer and closer and closer .
I ’ll ask , What do you earn ?
And you ’ll see this kind of shock of recognition on the person ’s face .
Sometimes people say “ Well , that ’s none of your business , ” but rarely .
I can barely think of a time that ’s happened to me .
Usually you see the shock of recognition when the person goes , “ Oh , that ’s the level we ’re talking on . ”
People like it , when you get them talking about themselves and unrelated stuff .
You need time for this , and it ’s a hard thing to do on the phone .
But when you ’re getting all of that then you know this person as a whole person , and then you can fit them into the story in a way that you ’re still writing about Masdar and solar engineering , but you can just throw in a few licks to just make that person real .
It ’s kind of a New Yorker trick .
When you read about people in The New Yorker , they are somehow more three - dimensional than sources in other magazines .
They ’re not just a font of quotes , or a representative of a point of view — they ’re people .
You also mentioned that you pick up the phone and call people .
How do you find them ?
Oh , people are easy to find .
On the net , you can Google them , and you may not find their phone number but you ’ll find organizations that they ’ve been attached to .
It may take two or three calls .
I just tracked down Oliver North and it took three or four phone calls .
It takes a certain relentlessness .
It takes not being discouraged .
Sometimes you ’ve got to call 40 people until you find the right one .
If you ’re looking for somebody ’s who ’s obscure , you use an online phone book .
If you know Mark Riseman lives somewhere in the Midwest , and you look up Mark Riseman and up come with 400 of them , you ’ve got to go through and call all the ones that are in the Midwest .
That can take an hour and a half and it ’s tedious , but you ’ll find him .
That ’s what I ’m talking about a red dog day .
You just have your nose down on the ground , and you ’re on the trail all day .
Do you worry about competition — other writers coming in and horning in on your gigs ?
No .
For one thing , we ’re kind of out of magazines .
I think in a way , it ’s over .
I think the days of being able to make a living as a magazine writer are rapidly coming to a close .
That is so sad .
It is .
I ’m not boasting here , but I should be able to get work , right ?
I was on staff to The New Yorker for 3 years , I worked for Rolling Stone for a long time .
I have written for the biggest and most prestigious magazines out there and I ca n’t get work .
Magazines are closing , they ’re shrinking , they ’re going from 12 issues a year to 10 issues a year , and they ’re going from 300 pages to 140 pages .
Some of them are cutting their rates .
Some of them are cutting their rates .
You know , when we started magazine work in 1989 , a dollar a word was middling pay .
A lot of magazines are still paying $ 1 a word .
And for a lot of freelancers , that ’s the Holy Grail .
“ If I get $ 1 a word , that means I ’ve made it . ”
Yeah , well that ’s what we were getting in 1989 .
But you know that whole question of dollars per word is a terrible way to judge an assignment .
You really have to think in dollars per hour .
Is that how you do it ?
I think of dollars per assignment .
This is kind of dollars per hour …if a magazine assignment is going to pay me $ 3000 , then I can figure out exactly how many days I can work on that .
The LA Times Magazineis a pretty good outlet for me .
They paid a dollar a word but they took 5,000 - word stories ; I could work on that for two or three weeks , and make a living .
I do n’t care ; it ’s just as easy for me to write 5,000 words as it is for me to write 2,000 words .
In some ways it ’s easier .
So I do n’t worry about competition .
People tell me that they like seeing my pitches , and it helps them .
If it helps other people , if it improves the quality of writing out there , if it helps younger reporters get started , I ’m happy to do it .
How do you feel about what ’s going on in the industry ?
My sense is this — and this may be optimistic — I think we writers are in for a few bad years , because right now the public is used to getting everything for free .
So the magazines are dying and the newspapers are dying and the quality of work is going to decline because nobody has yet figured out how to get the public to pay for quality reporting .
I do n’t know how long it ’s going to take for the public to say we really miss reading the results of two and three weeks worth of investigative work , and that ’s worth paying for .
Somebody will figure out a business model to get people to pay for it .
Then I think we ’re going to be a golden era in journalism .
I think it ’s going to be spectacular some day .
When newspapers and magazines and even book publishers are no longer saddled with the expense of manufacturing , handling , and shipping atoms , it ’s going to free up a huge amount of money and I think it ’s going to let a whole lot more people get into this business — and there are going to be a whole lot more venues to write for , and it ’s going to be great .
I think we ’re going to go through a swale of no work .
Until the public figures out that it has to pay for quality research and writing , we ’re going to face some lean years .
I ’m being optimistic .
Maybe the public will never say that , maybe quality journalism is over .
I kind of do n’t think so .
The paper The New York Times is going to disappear ; all papers are going to vanish .
I do n’t worry about that —
I do n’t really care what medium people are reading in , if it ’s a Kindle or if it ’s a reader , I do n’t think that ’s the issue .
I think the issue is , how do we get the public to pay for quality research and writing ?
Nobody ’s figured that out yet because right now the public is excited about getting all this stuff for free .
It ’s just going to take a little while and I do n’t know how long it ’s going to take .
Some day it ’s going to be great for us .
I hope it ’s soon … I make my living almost 100 % from magazines .
Yes , we make our living 100 % from our freelance writing .
I ’m 53 , Margaret is 55 , and right now it feels like we ’re back at the beginning of our careers .
It ’s scary , but it ’s kind of exciting in a way .
Well , it ’s exciting when I think about what ’s going to follow this period .
Although yesterday the Times had a story about digital book piracy , and that ’s going to be a problem .
There ’s a lot of interesting stuff out there to write about — we just have to figure out how to get the public to pay for it .
Tortoise “ High Class Slim Came Floatin In ” Clocking in at just over eight minutes , this track gives us a taste of what [… ]
Clocking in at just over eight minutes , this track gives us a taste of what Tortoise has in store for its sixth full - length , Beacons of Ancestorship .
Post - rock and freeform , jazzed - out electronics have always formed the basis of the band ’s music , and here they employ those styles with a mish - mash of stop - and - start guitar riffs , keyboards that crescendo up and down , and a hearty bassline that bubbles underneath .
By all accounts , the musical trajectory on this track seems to have a mind of its own .
Beacons of Ancestorship is out in June .
Tortoise – High Class Slim Came Floatin In
By Richard Scott
Personal finance reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Buy - to - let landlords are losing their properties at over three times the rate of other homeowners , research shows .
Council of Mortgage Lenders figures show 1,700 buy - to - let properties were repossessed by lenders in the first three months of this year .
But landlords lost 4,100 properties when cases of lenders appointing a receiver of rent are included .
A receiver of rent collects rent on behalf of a lender when the landlord defaults on the mortgage .
The recession is also making buy - to - let mortgages much harder to come by .
Popular process
As the downturn bites , lenders are appointing more receivers of rent .
In this process , a tenant is allowed to remain in a property instead of losing their home .
It also gives the lender time to decide what to do with the property , whilst offsetting the mortgage interest against the rent .
That in turn can help reduce the arrears faced by the landlord .
In the first three months of 2008 , there were just 300 receivers of rent appointed , compared with 900 repossessions .
In the first three months of this year 2,400 receivers of rent were appointed - an eight fold increase and far more than the number of buy - to - let repossessions .
City centre flats were popular among buy - to - let investors
This mean that 0.35 % of buy - to - let properties were taken back by lenders - more than three times the rate in the owner occupier markets where 0.11 % of mortgaged properties were lost .
Many landlords got into trouble after paying too much for buy - to - let flats .
Estate agents talk of investors buying places which they had n't seen , or which had n't been built yet in a desperate race for property riches .
But for many that race has been well and truly lost .
Rents have often not lived up to expectations , and landlords have struggled to pay the mortgage .
And with falling house prices - which have often hit city centre flats especially hard - many could not afford to sell either .
Lenders get tougher
The situation has been made more difficult by lenders getting tougher over mortgages , with buy - to - let loans particularly badly affected .
Figures from the financial comparison company , Moneyfacts , show at the peak of the boom in September 2007 there were 3,662 different buy to let mortgages available .
Last month there were just 218 - a fall of 94 % .
And those mortgages that are available need bigger deposits .
At the beginning of last year it was easy to get a buy to let mortgage with a 15 % deposit .
Now borrowers need a 25 % deposit to have any chance .
All of this is hitting the number of buy - to - let mortgages taken out .
In the first three months of this year there were 22,400 new buy to let mortgages .
Even if the decline halted and each subsequent quarter were the same that would mean a total of 89,600 new buy to let mortgages being taken out in 2009 .
Compare that with the height of the boom two years ago - when 346,000 buy to let mortgages were snapped up in just twelve months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WINNERS
Television Winners
Movie Winners
Other Winners
OPEN CATEGORIES :
Television Nominees
Movie Nominees
Other Nominees
It 's not too late to cast your vote in the Hulies !
Just click on an open category below , and add your vote by clicking on the poll !
No current offeringsNo current offerings
Don't see your favorite category yet ?
Check out the ...
NEW ULM , Minnesota ( CNN ) -- A 13 - year - old cancer patient and his mother who last week fled their rural home in Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , rather than undergo chemotherapy returned voluntarily Monday and will accept whatever course of treatment a court may order , their lawyer said .
Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February .
Colleen Hauser is prepared to allow her son Daniel to undergo chemotherapy , defense lawyer Jennifer Keller said .
" My understanding is that Colleen intends to abide by whatever orders the court makes and that she wants to put her best case forward for her son to have a chance at alternative treatment , " Keller told CNN .
" But if the court overrules that , she will abide by the orders of the court .
We were very clear on that .
That certainly is my advice . "
The case raises questions about individuals ' rights in deciding medical care for their children when their decisions go against the advice of medical professionals .
Monday 's homecoming came a day after Keller , an Orange County , California , attorney representing the pair , called the Brown County Sheriff 's Office and told authorities that Colleen Hauser wanted to bring her son home .
Watch spokesman describe family 's emotions »
" I think they wanted to come back home .
They wanted to get together with their family and they were ready to be home , " Brown County Sheriff Rich Hoffmann told reporters .
" It all turned out for the good . "
Keller said she met Sunday with Hauser and her son in her office in Irvine after talking with them a couple of days earlier by telephone .
" He did not appear in pain .
He was tired and anxious to get home , " Keller said .
" He did n't appear to be in any acute distress .
He misses his home , he misses his family and he wanted to see his dad . "
Late last week , authorities said they thought the mother and son were near Los Angeles , California , and may have been planning to travel to Mexico for a holistic treatment .
Daniel and Colleen Hauser had last been reported seen in Minnesota on May 18 , a day after a doctor said the boy 's Hodgkin 's lymphoma was worsening .
The family rejected standard treatment , opting instead for a holistic medical treatment based on Native American healing practices called Nemenhah .
Asked where the boy and his mother had been during their week on the run , the lawyer said , " I did n't ask .
My only goal was to help her get Danny back to Minnesota . "
Keller said it is her understanding that legal custody has been taken by the court , but that there were no plans to remove Daniel from his mother 's care " as long as she was cooperative with the court . "
Colleen Hauser and her son arrived in Minnesota at 3 a.m. on a chartered flight paid for by Asgaard Media of Corona , California , Hoffmann said .
The company describes itself on its
Web site as " founded and advised by a group of forward - thinking , positive - minded individuals wanting to make a difference not only in their environment but in both the world of entertainment and the world around them . "
No one from the company responded immediately to an e-mail seeking comment , and the company 's telephone answering machine was full .
Upon arrival in Minnesota , Daniel was taken to a hospital , where his medical condition was evaluated , said the sheriff .
He said he could not comment on the findings .
Keller , who did not charge for her services , said the charter flight was arranged so the boy 's return would not become a media event .
" We wanted him to be able to come back quietly , not have cameras in his face , not have people shouting questions at him , allow him to get back to the farm and his father and his siblings and some sense of a normal life , " she said .
" He 's a nice boy but he 's been through a lot .
He really deserves a chance at this point to get some rest and peace and quiet . "
Brown County District Judge John R. Rodenberg issued an arrest warrant for Colleen Hauser last Tuesday , when she and her son failed to show up for a court hearing .
Rodenberg , who said the boy's " best interests " require he receive conventional medical care , issued a contempt order for the mother and ordered Daniel placed in the custody of the Brown County Family Services agency .
But Hoffmann said Monday that the court , noting the return was voluntary , quashed the warrant for the mother 's arrest .
A federal fugitive warrant will also be dropped , he said .
In February , the boy 's cancer responded to an initial round of chemotherapy .
But the treatment 's side effects concerned the boy 's parents , who opted not to pursue further chemotherapy and solicited other medical opinions .
Daniel 's symptoms of persistent cough , fatigue and swollen lymph nodes were diagnosed in January as Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Court documents show doctors estimated the boy 's chance of five - year remission with more chemotherapy , and possibly radiation , at 80 to 95 percent .
Philip Elbert , Daniel 's court - appointed attorney , said he considers his client to have a " diminished capacity " because of his age and the illness , and said he believes Daniel should be treated by a cancer specialist .
CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .
All About Cancer • Minnesota
One of the biggest bankruptcies in history occurred on June 1st yet you would not know this by looking at the stock market .
In fact , the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) shot up by 220 points .
If we look at total assets , this is the fourth largest bankruptcy in history .
The Dow is made up of 30 companies that show a supposedly wide cross section of the American economy .
The company that filed for bankruptcy was General Motors and was actually one of the 30 components .
A company that dates back to 1908 and survived the Great Depression .
So how can it be that a company that employs 250,000 filing for bankruptcy is actually good for the stock market and makes the DJIA rally so strongly ?
The easy answer is the stock market no longer reflects the economic reality on main street .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have created an artificial system and the stock market is reacting to these new conditions .
These conditions now assume rock bottom low rates and financial institutions being continuously bailed out .
Yet this paradigm is not helping the American public that now has 25,000,000 unemployed or underemployed family , friends , or colleagues .
Think of the implication of the GM bankruptcy .
Right when the announcement was made there were details of laying off thousands of workers and closing numerous dealers .
The market rallies and unemployment this Friday will shoot up by another 500,000 .
This disconnect is so obvious and shows the priorities of those pushing legislation .
Before we get ahead of ourselves , why would a bankruptcy of GM , a DJIA component lead to a strong rally ?
First , let us look at the weighting of each of the 30 components :
The above is a reason I take very little stock with the DJIA but it is still widely regarded in the mainstream media as an accurate reflection of the overall stock market performance .
A better measure would be the Wilshire 5000 but how many times have you heard that market index in the media ?
Let us focus on the above list I compiled a little further .
You notice that GM and Citigroup are all the way at the bottom ?
That is why even if GM and Citigroup went straight to zero ( GM practically did ) it had very little impact on the DJIA .
Yet in reality , the bankruptcy impact is gigantic in the real world since it means tens of thousands more Americans out of work and a giant of American manufacturing giant was unable to stand on its own two feet .
So what do we hear on June 1st ?
“( CNN Money ) According to a statement released Monday , General Motors , which filed for bankruptcy on Monday , will be replaced by Cisco Systems ( CSCO , Fortune 500 ) ; Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) will be replaced by The Travelers Companies ( TRV , Fortune 500 ) . ”
How convenient .
Of course , we have already experienced this with the removal of AIG and having it replaced with Kraft .
A government cheese recipient taken out by a true cheese maker .
The DJIA is a horrible indicator of longer term prosperity .
During the boom times bubbly stocks are put in , keep in mind the index is maintained by humans and as we have now found out , humans make all kind of errors including missing peaks and troughs .
Do n’t believe me ?
Let us take a look at some grand timing :
Microsoft added on November 1999
Intel added on November 1999
AT&T added on November 1999
Bank of America added on February 2008
Chevron added on February 2008
These are just a few examples .
First , you ’ll notice that Microsoft and Intel ( big companies no doubt ) where added at a bubble point for technology stocks .
So when the tech bubble burst , the index took a much bigger hit because of these additions .
Next , we have the timely addition of Bank of America on February 2008 !
When Bank of America was added it was trading around $ 45 per share .
Now it is trading at $ 11.37 and this is thanks to the crony banking system bailout .
Chevron was added right before our massive oil bubble .
So as you can see , the addition of companies to the DJIA is not exactly a good reflection of the economy .
In fact , some of the additions are indicators of bubbles and late party arrivals .
Now let us examine the list again .
First , the recent stock market crash was the deepest and widest since the Great Depression .
If we look at the DJIA , you will see why this is true .
First , 2 of the top 3 companies on the list were oil companies .
Well logically when the oil bubble burst these would get hammered as they did .
Next , there are many financial services companies on the list .
This during the boom distorted the market and made the DJIA bubble up over 14,000 yet this mark was a reflection of the bubble .
Now with the banking industry having Uncle Sam as number 1 on its
Fave 5 menu , of course the DJIA tanked because it was heavily weighted on bubble industries .
Bank of America ?
JP Morgan ?
American Express ?
Citigroup ?
This list starts reading like the TARP recipient list .
It should be abundantly clear that the DJIA is not a good indicator of what is occurring on main street .
Yet it is something that is always referenced so it is important to understand what is truly reflected here .
Let us refer to the list again .
If you look at the top 10 , three of these companies ( Wal - Mart , McDonalds , and Coca - Cola ) reflect the massive consumption economy that is the U.S.
Where are the major manufacturing companies ?
In a way , seeing GM literally fall off the list is a testament to what our economy has become .
An almost completely consumption based economy .
Is it any wonder that Chinese students laughed openly when Timothy Geithner stated : “ Chinese assets are very safe , ” referring to debt with the U.S. in a recent talk ?
Politics aside , I ’d laugh too .
Ben Bernanke and Geithner are busy selling off the U.S. to keep their banking cronies alive .
Where are the Pecora Investigations ?
Why not demand the same stringent requirements of Bank of America , Goldman Sach , JP Morgan , and Citigroup as we do of Chrysler and GM ?
Because those that operate the levers of power are either bought out or believe the banking oligarchy .
When you look at the Dow , it starts becoming abundantly clear what the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve think the country should look like .
And before you say that these places are independently operated , just look at former employers of our recent U.S. Treasuries .
They like the bubble era .
They want Americans to go back and buy cars on a yearly basis , purchase homes over and over , eat fast food , and purchase goods to numb the need to focus on reality .
That reality is for nearly 40 years we have spent more than we have earned .
Just look at this chart showing personal income growth and household debt :
From the 1950s to the 1970s , growth in income tagged along with growth in debt .
Yet this completely became disconnected in the 1970s .
From that point on , taking on debt at higher levels seemed okay .
In the last few years in this bubble , we just took it to the extreme logical conclusion .
Just think for a second how irresponsible it was to give someone making $ 30,000 a year a $ 50,000 luxury car simply because they can make the monthly payment for 7 years ?
Or what about giving the person making $ 40,000 a year a $ 500,000 mortgage ?
Not only did this happen , but it occurred so many times that we are now years later left to deal with the fallout .
Yet the notion that we will go back to this world is absurd and that is what the stock market is betting on .
Our lives are changed forever .
The fact that we have students in China laughing at our U.S.
Treasury is one of the many indications that the gig is up .
Our biggest lender is laughing .
This is not a good sign .
When I look at the Dow , I do n’t see a reflection of the U.S. economy but more of a horse race ticket for the gambling casino .
AIG does n’t make sense anymore ?
Remove it since it is now owned by the U.S. government .
Do n’t like GM or Citigroup ?
Out they go .
It is a list of convenience .
We would be better off tracking the Wilshire 5000 or at a minimum , the S&P 500 but even that list has taken an unusually heavy love to financials .
But in this case , you ca n’t blame the actual index .
It is merely reflecting a country that became obsessed with financial services and tossed manufacturing to the wayside :
The chart above is rather telling .
It is somewhat ironic that on the same day , it is announced that both GM and Citigroup will be removed from the DJIA .
With manufacturing already gone and financial services slimming down , you tell me what emerging field is going to get us out of this recession ?
Maybe Travelers Companies and Cisco are closer reflections to what is a stable Dow component .
Too bad it took this long to realize which companies were simply running on cheap money .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Shares
As hard as it is to believe , 2009 started out very promising from the perspective of actually countering the misinformation of the antivaccine movement .
Antivaccine hero Andrew Wakefield , who with the help of the credulous and sensationalistic media started the entire MMR - autism scare in the U.K. a decade ago , was revealed as not just having been in the pocket of trial lawyers suing vaccine manufacturers and having been an incompetent scientist but as a scientific fraud , thanks to the investigative tenacity of Brian Deer .
Thanks to Wakfield , the measles , once declared conquered in the U.K. in the mid-1990s , has come roaring back to the point where it has been declared endemic again by the ealth Protection Agency ( HPA ) , the public health body of England and Wales .
This was rapidly followed by the rejection by the Special Masters of the Vaccine Court of the claims of all the test cases in the Autism Omnibus case .
It was a one - two body blow to the antivaccine movement .
Unfortunately , the antivaccine movement is nothing if not resilient .
After all , the science has consistently been against each of its favorite claims , namely that the mercury in the thimerosal used as a preservative in vaccines or that the MMR vaccine causes autism .
They simply move the goalposts and pivoted effortlessly to much harder to falsify ideas , such as blaming “ toxins ” in vaccines or proclaiming that our current vaccine schedule is “ too many too soon . ”
After scientific setback after scientific setback that have revealed the antivaccine movement to be nothing more than the 2009 equivalent of creationists or the flat Earth movement , why would it matter to them that Andrew Wakefield has been thoroughly discredited and their signature legal action , the Autism Omnibus , has gone donw in flames ?
It does n’t .
Certainly it did n’t stop David Kirby from duping Keith Olbermann into chastising Brian Deer for nonexistent conflicts of interest ; a group proclaiming loudly “ We Support Dr. Andrew Wakefield ” with a petition ; David Kirby , Generation Rescue , and Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. from trying to distract attention from the defeat of the antivaccine movement in the Autism Omnibus ruling ; or Andrew Wakefield himself from “ complaining ” to a press board about Brian Deer ’s alleged misbehavior and errors .
After all , science does n’t matter to the antivaccine movement .
So , right on schedule to coincide with the start of Autism Awareness Month , as it has done every year since at least 2007 the antivaccine movement has begun a propaganda tour in order to coopt the term “ autism awareness ” for its own purpose of blaming vaccines for autism and proclaiming that various forms of quackery can “ cure ” autism .
Indeed , this movement clearly wants to corrupt the term “ autism awareness ” to mean “ antivaccine awareness , ” and unfortunately it appears to be succeeding .
Key to this effort in 2009 is a brand spankin ’ new book by Jenny McCarthy and her “ biomedical ” guru Dr. Jerry Kartzinel , entitled Healing and Preventing Autism : A Complete Guide .
The media blitz started even before Autism Awareness Month began , and I ’ve already alluded to the despicable new message that appears to have become Jenny ’s mantra ( and thus that of the antivaccine movement for which she is the spokesmodel ) , namely , “ It ’s not my fault if vaccine - preventable diseases come back ; it ’s the pharmaceutical companies ’ fault for not making ‘ safer ’ vaccines .
Oh , and , by the way , we decide what ’s ‘ safe . ’ ”
Never mind that what makes vaccines “ unsafe ” to Jenny is based on a discredited idea that scientific study after scientific study has roundly refuted , namely that they cause autism .
Unfortunately , that is n’t all .
As the U.K. media aided and abetted the MMR scare in the late 1990s until today , the U.S. media is aiding and abetting the antivaccine scare being promoted by Generation Rescue through its celebrity spokespersons Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey .
The TIME Magazine interview to which I referred was just the beginning .
Get a load of her on Larry King Live last Friday , along with Dr. Kartzinel and J.B.
Handley , the same venue where almost exactly a year ago , in her arrogance of ignorance , McCarthy shouted down vaccine scientists on the air , yelling “ bullshit ! ” at them three times .
Truly , Larry King is as credulous as they come .
The transcript is here , and J.B. Handley wrote a guest post for the Larry King Live blog , entitled Autism is Preventable and Reversible .
There is so much misinformation in the interview and in J.B.
Handley ’s blog post that it ’s hard to know where to start .
In fact , I could write a whole series of blog posts , like co-blogger Kimball Atwood , on just this interview and the new misinformation added to the old misinformation being peddled by the antivaccine movement ; instead , I ’ll be more selective , and readers should feel free to chime in with anything I ’ve missed .
Now , let ’s start with two of the antivaccine movement ’s favorite propaganda points :
KING : But you had a major effect , big story in the “ L.A. Times ” last week , the number of kids not being vaccinated in the public schools in Los Angeles .
However at the same time , doctor friend told me today .
Mumps are up and measles are up .
CARREY : We are not saying do n’t vaccinate .
That ’s the thing we want to get really clear right now with … KING : Let ’s make it clear .
MCCARTHY : Yeah , we ’re not .
CARREY : This is the thing .
There ’s a lot of misdirection going on .
We hear the Campbell Browns and people like this that are saying , you ca n’t not vaccinate .
No one has ever suggested not vaccinating .
MCCARTHY : Go back to 1989 schedule when shots were only 10 and the MMR was on that list .
I do n’t know what happened in 1990 , there was no plague that was killing children that we had to triple the amount of vaccines .
CARREY : What happened back in 1989 that warranted 26 more vaccines ?
MCCARTHY : Greed .
CARREY : Are all of them absolutely necessary ?
KING : Because they want to make money ?
MCCARTHY : Of course .
The first antivaccine propaganda point is the claim that Generation Rescue , Jenny McCarthy , Jim Carrey , and J.B. Handley ( and by association , the entire antivaccine movement ) are not “ antivaccine . ”
That is easily demonstrated to be false ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) .
Another thread arguing for the disingenuousness of Jenny and Jim in proclaiming themselves to be “ not antivaccine ” is how the mouthpiece of Generation Rescue ( excuse me , “ Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey ’s Autism Organization “ ) , the Age of Autism blog , has such a major , unrelenting focus on vaccines .
Indeed ,
Age of Autism blogger Kim Stagliano recently rejoiced on that very blog that vaccination rates are falling in other parts of the world , crowing that “ an educated consumer may be a vaccine company ’s worst customer . ”
( More like a miseducated consumer is the antivaccine movement ’s best dupe . )
In a similar vein , another Age of Autism blogger , Kent Heckenlively , today asks “ Are We Winning the Vaccine - Autism War ? ” and concludes that the antivaccine movement is winning , as he , like Stagliano , rejoices that the pockets of high levels of vaccine resistance recently reported in Sonoma and Marin counties in California occur in areas where the population is educated and aflluent .
Both he and Stagliano seem to labor under the common delusion that education and affluence somehow guarantee an understanding of science ; sadly , they do not .
They also seem blissfully unaware that the Bay Area is a hotbed of New Age woo and that credulous acceptance of “ alternative medicine ” appears to be highly correlated with antivaccine views .
Even more notably , in his discussion Heckenlively does n’t even bother to repeat the usual Age of Autism / Generation Rescue mantra that “ we are not antivaccine ” ; rather , he appears to embrace his inner antivaccinationist , in essence equating antivaccine views with the educated and affluent ..
Finally , there ’s the old “ big pharma greed ” gambit .
No one here at SBM , arguably least of all me , believes that big pharma is on the side of angels , but I ca n’t help but make one observation .
If vaccines are such a huge profit source , then one wonders why the number of pharmaceutical companies manufacturing vaccines has fallen so precipitously over the last two decades .
It could n’t be the low profit margins and fear of litigation , could it , a large part of that fear having been fueled by the antivaccine movent ?
Perish the thought !
And if vaccination rates fall , big pharma is a convenient scapegoat .
Perish forbid that anyone would blame the falling vaccination rates in parts of the country on the efforts of Jenny and her merry band of antivaccinationists :
KING : Is n’t the problem here , Jenny , that people sometimes listen with one ear are going to panic .
And not vaccine at all ?
MCCARTHY : Probably .
But guess what ?
It ’s not my fault .
The reason why they ’re not vaccinating is because the vaccines are not safe .
Make a better product and then parents will vaccinate .
CARREY : We ’re not the problem .
The problem is the problem .
“ The problem is the problem ” ?
How Zen of Carrey .
Actually , the problem is Mr. Carrey and Ms. McCarthy , who are both so full of the arrogance of ignorance that they think they understand the science and medicine of autism and vaccines after studying at Google University ; indeed , they seem to think they understand it better than scientists who have spent their entire adult life studying such questions .
They ’re also completely unwilling to take responsibility for their actions .
Clearly , we ’re going to be hearing a lot more of this , as this appears to be the standard Generation Rescue talking point for Jenny to parrot whenever anyone asks her if she feels any responsibility for declining vaccination rates , which in California has produced pockets of vaccine noncompliance that are poised to result in huge outbreaks of vaccine - preventable disease .
That ’s why this is a mantra that needs to be rebutted at every opportunity .
To a large extent , the declining vaccination rate is Jenny ’s fault , and J.B. Handley ’s fault and Jim Carrey ’s fault and Andrew Wakefield ’s fault and that of every other antivaccine activist who uses misinformation , pseudoscience , and logical fallacies to frighten parents into thinking that vaccines cause autism .
The only reason they try to deny that it is is because they are finally realizing that their actions have consequences and that one of those consequences will be to be seen as the cause of the return of vaccine - preventable disease .
Truly , renaming the antivaccine movement to the pro-disease movement sounds more and more appropriate to me .
The most important revelation on JJJ ’s appearance ( Jenny , Jim , and JB ’s appearance ) on Larry King Live is that Generation Rescue has come up with one more brand new antivaccine propaganda tool .
Before I discuss it , I ’d like to take a trip down memory lane to an ad that Generation Rescue placed in USA Today in 2008 .
The ad showed the vaccine schedule in 1983 and compared it to that of 2008 , while making the claim that the increase from 10 vaccines to 36 is the cause of the “ autism epidemic .
My “ friend ” Orac had something to say about this claim :
A lot of other things have happened since 1983 as well .
For example , in the early 1990s , the diagnostic criteria for autism were broadened , and campaigns for greater awareness were begun .
Diagnoses of autism in 1983 were made using the DSM - III , where the criteria for an autism diagnosis were much more restrictive than those in the DSM - IV , released in the early 1990s .
Moreover , in 1983 , categories of Asperger ’s and pervasive developmental disorder - not otherwise specified , both of which are lumped into the 1 in 150 figure for 2008 , were n’t recognized in the DSM - III .
Of course , if I wanted to be snarky ( and perish forbid that I would ever be snarky ) , I could point out that 1981 was the year that the IBM PC was released , followed by the Apple Macintosh in 1984 , both of which led to the exponential growth of households owning and using personal computers .
That ’s it !
It must be computer use that led to the increase in autism in the 25 years since 1983 !
Wait , what about the compact disc ?
It just so happens that 1983 is the year that the CD was first released in the American market .
Ergo , it must be CDs that cause autism .
I could go on , but you get my point .
A lot of other things have happened since 1983 , but to Jenny McCarthy , J. B. Handley , and their assorted antivax fanatics it has to be those evil vaccines .
It just has to be .
I consider Generation Rescue ’s new gambit to be simply a cleverer version of the very same fallacy , with a heaping helping of the “ correlation equals causation ” fallacy thrown in for good measure :
MCCARTHY :
The vaccine schedule is too bloated right now .
Thirty six shots right now .
Back in 1989 , the shot schedule was 10 shots given .
CARREY : Ten shots given .
KING : When I was a kid , what did we get , three ?
CARREY : It ’s twice as many as anywhere else in 30 countries in the Western World .
We give twice as many shots as any of those countries .
Why is that ?
This point is made in more detail in J.B. Handley ’s guest post :
Few parents appreciate that American kids are the most vaccinated on the planet .
Generation Rescue just released a study called “ Autism and Vaccines Around the World ” which will surprise many .
We looked at the vaccine schedules of 30 other first world countries to compare how many doses of vaccines children receive .
What did we find ?
Compared to our 36 , the average for the rest of the first world is 18 , or half of the U.S. schedule .
Perhaps more shocking , we looked at countries with the lowest rates of mortality for children under 5 ( the U.S. ranks a disappointing 34th , behind Cuba and Slovenia ) .
How many vaccines do the 5 countries with the lowest under 5 mortality rates give ?
Well , Iceland , Sweden , Singapore , Japan , and Norway give 11 , 11 , 13 , 11 , and 13 vaccines respectively – all less than 1/3 the number of vaccines the U.S. mandates !
How do autism rates compare in some of these other countries ?
Iceland ’s rate is 1 in 1,000 , Finland ’s 1 in 700 , and Sweden ’s 1 in 800 .
These countries give 1/ 3 the vaccines we do and have autism rates that are as little as one - tenth of ours ?
Something is n’t right .
Indeed , this is the very theme of a “ study ” posted on the Age of Autism blog entitled Autism and Vaccines Around The World : Vaccine Schedules , Autism Rates and Under 5 Mortality .
If you look at the actual PDF containing the report , you ’ll see that it ’s obviously intentionally designed to look very much like an actual research report .
The type , the format , and the style very closely mimic that of a real research paper .
Of course , it is not anything of the sort , and if it were submitted to any halfway decent peer - reviewed journal of psychiatry or–even more so–of epidemiology it would find its way into the cylindrical file , possibly even before being sent out for peer review .
It ’s nothing more than the logical fallacy of confusing correlation with causation taken to a ridiculous extreme and then prettied up with all sorts of “ science -y ” - sounding jargon in an attempt to put the proverbial lipstick on the proverbial pig .
Whoever put this “ study ” together at Generation Rescue clearly has no clue how to write such a study up , much less how to do one .
The first thing that struck me about this “ study ” was how poorly written it was .
It looked slapped together , and , although it states that a “ full publication and literature review was completed to determine vaccine schedules and under 5 mortality rates for 30 countries .
What , exactly , does that mean ?
If you read any meta - analysis or serious review , you ’ll see a careful and precise description of the criteria used to choose studies to include .
No such description is given here .
One is left with the distinct impression that a bit of cherry picking is going on here .
The second thing that leapt out at me is that there was absolutely no attempt to control for confounders .
Indeed , one commenter on Age of Autism , responding to another commenter who pointed out that zero controlling for confounders was even attempted said :
Confounding factors ?
Since when is that ever a consideration ?
Perhaps you watch too much television and , based on dispropotionately biased coverage , think every parent in America whacks their kids on the head then stuffs them in the trunk .
These are babies under five .
Against such ignorance , the gods themselves contend in vain .
The very reason it ’s so easy to confuse correlation with causation , even in epidemiological studies that are testing a hypothesis rather than trying to support a preordained conclusion , is because of confounders , and , yes , it is completely irrelevant that these children are under five .
The reasons why the U.S. ranks 34th in childhood mortality is a topic of some controversy and considerable study and discussion .
Of course , one wonders why Generation Rescue used the UN World Population Prospects
The 2006 Revision when the 2008 Revision is easily available .
( Apparently Generation Rescue ca n’t Google ) .
( It could n’t be because the under - five mortality rate in the U.S. fell from 7.8/1,000 live births to 7.3 between 2006 and 2008 , could it ? )
Be that as it may , while the Generation Rescue “ study ” appears to be claiming that vaccines do n’t have any relationship to overall childhood mortality , that ’s completely the wrong question to be asking because vaccines do not prevent anything other than infectious disease .
If we take a look , for example , the 2008 State of the World ’s Mothers Report issued by Save the Children , we find some very interesting things , among which is the effect of disparities in health care among the poor , mostly black and Native American , and the better off sustaining our high child mortality compared to that of other developed nations .
That ’s one huge confounder .
Another huge confounder is access to health care ; many of the nations mentioned in the Generation Rescue report are nations with universal health care .
Whether that drives the difference is a matter of controversy ( given the politically charged nature of the discussions of universal health care , how coudl it be otherwise ? ) but it is yet another huge potential confounder .
Of course , the biggest confounder of all is that childhood mortality has been falling in the U.S. for the last two decades .
Add to that gun violence and other causes of childhood mortality that are elevated in the U.S. compared to other industrialized nations , and there are so many confounders as to make any inference from these raw numbers utterly meaningless .
Again , vaccines only prevent death from infectious disease .
There is also at least one curious omission in the last table ( Table 3 ) , which was pointed out , surprisingly enough , by a commenter on Age of Autism .
( And when a commenter in the antivaccine echo chamber that it Age of Autism points out a glaring hole in a Generation Rescue propaganda release , you know it ’s a really huge hole !
This commenter also pointed out that there was not even the most rudimentary attempt to control for counfounders .
Truly , this propaganda stinkpile of a “ study ” is too stinky for any but the most brainwashed of Generation Rescue ’s adherents . )
Specifically , the U.K. was left out , which is listed as requiring 20 vaccines .
That is close to France , which is listed as requiring 17 vaccines .
One wonders if this omission is because the U.K. has an autism prevalence comparable to that of the U.S. , possibly even higher .
I wonder why Generation Rescue left the U.K. out of its last table , purporting to show the relationship between the number of vaccines a nation mandates and its autism rate .
After all , the paper claims that it picked countries based on “ materially lower levels of mandated vaccines and published autism prevalence data . ”
I could see where it might be hard to find publications with estimates of autism prevalence in , for example , Cuba , but it ’s not as though recent estimates of autism prevalence in the U.K. are n’t readily available .
Some “ complete ” literature search !
Given the blatant “ forgetting ” of an example that most definitely does not support the “ hypothesis ” of the Generation Rescue paper , I also now wonder why only eight out of the 30 countries examined were chosen for inclusion in Table 3 .
You do n’t think that Generation Rescue left the U.K. out of Table 3 because it did n’t fit with its hypothesis , do you ?
Unfortunately , I did n’t have time to go searching for all the prevalence data for the countries left out , but it would n’t surprise me at all if there were a few more U.K. ’s in there .
Even curiouser ( well , not really ) are the sources used for all the prevalence data .
Specifically , the dates of the studies are what stood out to me .
Many of them are from the 1990s , and most are from before 2001 .
Given the increases in awareness , the broadening of the diagnostic criteria that occurred in the 1900s , using these prevalence estimates is meaningless .
I could also point out that in the 1990s , the U.S. had a vaccination schedules with considerably fewer vaccines .
Table 1 shows that !
It would appear that Generation Rescue can’t even keep its story straight in its own study .
In any case , comparing a vaccine schedule in 2006 ( which is what Generation Rescue did in all cases ) with prevalence rates from 5 to 10 years earlier taken from a period of time shortly after the diagnostic criteria had been changed is clueless at best and intellectually dishonest at worst , particularly when it ’s done in the context of no effort to control for confounders , no statistical analysis , in essence nothing that any scientist or epidemiologist taking a serious look at the question would consider a minimum effort .
In essence , because whoever at Generation Rescue passionately believes that ( 1 ) vaccines are n’t nearly as protective as we know them to be and ( 2 ) vaccines cause autism , this report ignores all other possible explanations for the numbers and , in fact , does n’t even pick the right numbers to answer the question .
I suppose that if these numbers had been properly picked for valid comparisons one might be able to view them as hypothesis - generating , but so many other studies have specifically looked at the question of whether vaccines cause autism using sufficient numbers to have the power to detect even a weak association and the correct epidemiologial and statistical techniques to analyze the data that throwing this sort of whole population data out as though it were “ proof ” of anything shows nothing more than how completely ignorant of science whoever wrote it is .
Of course , Generation Rescue is n’t really interested in accurate estimates of autism prevalence , as Sullivan has pointed out :
One of the problems with the vaccines - cause - autism groups is that they really do n’t advocate for people with autism .
They have abandoned entirely people of low income and minorities ( except where they can be used for political gain ) .
It is n’t just that groups like SafeMinds , Generation Rescue and the rest ca n’t be bothered to spend the time worrying about minorities or adults .
It ’s the fact that the data those groups use to support the “ epidemic ” makes ZERO sense when you consider minorities .
Consider this : the “ rate ” of autism is 0.3 per 1,000 for Hispanics in Wisconsin , but 10.6 for Whites in New Jersey .
Why is n’t Generation Rescue calling for an investigating the Hispanics of Wisconsin ?
Should n’t they want to know what is “ protecting ” that subgroup from autism ?
They do n’t care , they do n’t want to bring attention to the Hispanics in Wisconsin ( or the under represented minorities across the nation ) , because it blows a big hole in the “ epidemic ” .
Obviously we still are n’t counting all the people with autism in our prevalence estimates .
How can we rely on the historical data that shows an “ epidemic ” if we are n’t doing a good job even now ?
The Generation Rescue “ study ” is another instance of this very phenomenon , except that it even ignored a wealthy nation ( the U.K. ) because its autism prevalence data did n’t fit in with its conclusion that vaccines cause autism and that nations with lower numbers of mandated vaccines should therefore have lower autism prevalence .
The study also completely ignored the far more likely reason why the United States has such an embarrassing level of childhood mortality : Poverty and disparities in care .
That ’s because , as Sullivan points out , groups like Generation Rescue are not interested in the poor or minorities , except when they are useful to their cause ( Somali immigrants in Minnesota , for instance ) .
All they are interested in is proving that vaccines cause autism .
Whenever an antivaccinationist finds differences in autism prevalence , he ignores any other possible cause aside from the vaccines .
That ’s because , to J.B. Handley , Jenny McCarthy , Jim Carrey , and the rest of the antivaccine movement , first and foremost , it ’s still all about the vaccines .
It ’s always been all about the vaccines .
It always will be all about the vaccines .
Always .
And when their efforts drive down the vaccination rate leading to outbreaks of vaccine - preventable diseases that cause children to suffer and even sometimes die , antivaccinationists will blame it on the pharmaceutical companies and governments for not having indulged their delusions to their satisfaction .
ADDITIONAL READING ( chosen for addressing some of GR ’s other canards ) :
ADDENDUM : A reader was kind enough to point out to me that Bernadine Healy herself pointed out a lot of reasons why comparing childhood mortality in the U.S. with that in various European countries is fraught with confounders , making head - to - head comparisons of dubious value in many cases .
The irony !
I guess she must have forgotten her Newsweek article from two and a half years ago .
( Entertainment Weekly ) -- J.J. Abrams ' franchise reboot boldly went where no Star Trek movie has gone before , grossing a stellar $ 72.5 million from Friday through Sunday , according to early estimates by Hollywood.com Box Office .
In the film , Spock ( Zachary Quinto , left ) and Kirk get off on the wrong foot .
That 's the second - best opening of 2009 ( after X - Men Origins : Wolverine 's $ 85.1 million last weekend ) , and it includes a whopping $ 8.2 million earned in IMAX showings , a new one - weekend record for the large format ( beating The Dark Knight 's $ 6.3 million ) .
What 's more , if you add in the $ 4 million that the movie starring Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto earned in late - Thursday showings , Star Trek has banked an impressive $ 76.5 million so far -- well ahead of most expectations .
This result is highly logical .
Considering all the hype and buzz and strong reviews that Star Trek has garnered , it 's no surprise that this film 's opening sum is by far the biggest of any Star Trek movie :
Of the 10 previous flicks in the franchise , 1996's Star Trek : First Contact bowed best , with ( only ) $ 30.7 million over three days .
Moreover , a look at the movie 's CinemaScore report card reveals some potentially good news .
While it drew an expected crowd mostly comprised of older males , Star Trek 's solid - A grade shows that word of mouth could be strong enough to bring in fans outside of the franchise 's usual demographic ( i.e. people who were n't alive in the 1980s ... and women ) as the weeks go on .
Unless said folks are too distracted by Angels & Demons , Night at the Museum 2 , and all the other big flicks on tap , of course .
X - Men Origins : Wolverine ( No. 2 ) was next with $ 27 million on a 68 percent decline .
Fanboy - driven films always fall hard , but this drop is particularly hefty .
Nevertheless , Hugh Jackman 's franchise flick has already banked $ 129.6 million in 10 days .
Fellow holdovers Ghosts of Girlfriends Past ( No. 3 with $ 10.5 million ) , Obsessed ( No. 4 with $ 6.6 million ) , and 17 Again ( No. 5 with $ 4.4 million ) rounded out the top five .
And the comedy Next Day Air failed to take off , grossing just $ 4 million at No. 6 .
And in limited release , neither Rudo y Cursi nor Little Ashes made much of a mark , as each averaged well under $ 7,000 per theater .
Overall , the box office was up nearly 22 percent from the same frame a year ago ( when the infamous Speed Racer hit a bump in the road ) .
And , really , what could be a better Mother 's Day gift than that ?
Love ya , Mom !
Have a great day !
CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly
Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc .
All rights reserved .
If it were not for the Holocaust , the number of Jews in the world would likely today be at least 26 million , and perhaps even as much as 32 million , says Prof. Sergio DellaPergola of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
DellaPergola , a world renowned figure in Jewish demography , is Shlomo Argov Professor of Israel - Diaspora Relations and director of the Division of Jewish Demography and Statistics at the Avraham Harman Institute of Contemporary Jewry at the Hebrew University .
" The Holocaust struck a deep blow to the demographic , cultural and social fabric of the Jewish people in many ways and with long - range consequences , " says DellaPergola .
In 1939 there were 16.5 million Jews in the world , and in 1945 the number was estimated at 11 million , he said .
In an article to be published soon in the journal Bishvil Hazikaron of the International School for Holocaust Studies at Yad Vashem in Jerusalem , Prof. DellaPergola provides his analyses of the demographic damage to the Jewish people resulting from the Holocaust .
He points to several long - term consequences that occurred during that period : First , the destruction of cultural frameworks , an element which prevented Jews from marrying and having children over an extended period .
Second , a rise in intermarriages , seen as a relatively safe way of escaping the oppressors .
Third , the number of male victims outnumbering the female ones , leading to lower fertility and also in some cases to intermarriage .
Fourth , the murder of so many children in a population which had a high proportion of young people .
Prof. DellaPergola presents two main models to provide an estimated current demographic makeup of the Jewish people if the Holocaust had not occurred .
In one , the less optimistic picture , the socioecomonic situation of the Jews is seen as having made little progress in Eastern Europe , with a low birth rate and high intermarrriage .
This would have given us a total number of Jews in the world today of 26 million .
In the other model , DellaPergola estimates that had the situation of the Eastern European Jews been better in terms of economic progress , lower intermarriage and a higher birth rate , then the number world - wide would today have reached 32 million .
DellaPergola notes that more than 60 years after the end of the Holocaust , the Jewish people has not succeeded in restoring even half of the losses to its numbers in absolute terms .
Further , he says , the Jewish population today is significantly older and less fertile than it was before the Holocaust .
Prof. DellaPergola estimates at one million the number of those Jews who were in one way or another in danger during the Second World War and survived until today .
Of those , some 300,000 suffered under conditions of torture and degradation , he says .
( London ) - Syrian authorities should immediately free Dr. Kamal Labwani , a prominent political and human rights activist , following a UN finding that his detention is arbitrary and thus unlawful , a group of leading human rights organizations said today .
The groups called on nations engaged in dialogue with Syria to make the release of Dr. Labwani and other activists a priority .
In March 2009 , the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention , the body mandated to investigate complaints of arbitrary deprivation of liberty , released its opinion that Dr. Labwani 's imprisonment since November 2005 constituted arbitrary detention .
The Working Group concluded that Dr. Labwani " had been condemned for the peaceful expression of his political views and for having carried out political activities " that are protected under international law .
It also deemed that his trial was unfair .
" The UN 's finding confirms that Dr. Labwani should not be in jail , " said Maureen Thomas , a retired teacher in the United Kingdom who knew of his plight and petitioned the UN Working Group to review his detention .
" We hope that the Syrian authorities will respect the UN's decision and free him immediately . "
The groups that issued the joint statement are : Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , the Observatory for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders ( a joint program of the World Organisation Against Torture and the International Federation for Human Rights ) , and ACAT France .
Dr. Labwani , a physician , is the founder of the Democratic Liberal Gathering , a group of Syrian intellectuals and activists who advocate for peaceful change in Syria .
Security forces arrested him on November 8 , 2005 , upon his return from a two - month trip to Europe and the United States , where he had met with government officials , journalists , and human rights organizations .
During his trip , he appeared on the pan-Arab Al - Mustaqilla and Alhurra television networks and called on the Syrian government to respect fundamental freedoms and human rights .
On May 10 , 2007 , a Damascus criminal court convicted Dr. Labwani of " communicating with a foreign country and inciting it to initiate aggression against Syria " and sentenced him to 12 years in prison .
It was the harshest sentence imposed on an advocate of peaceful reform since President Bashar al - Assad took power in 2000 .
Dr. Labwani's trial was marred by interference from state security agencies .
Prosecutors added the charge of " communicating with a foreign country and inciting it to aggression " while the trial was under way , after the head of National Security wrote to the minister of justice asking him to add this accusation to the lesser charges that the General Prosecutor 's Office had initially filed .
The UN Working Group decision noted that there had been serious violations of due process in Dr. Labwani 's trial , including " the circumstances [ of his ] arrest and detention , " his " minimal access to lawyers , " his lack of opportunity to " present witnesses on his behalf , " the fact that he was not " interrogated on the new serious charges brought against him at the end of the trial , " and the fact that the court " did not consider the evidence presented by the defense . "
It concluded that " his judicial process seems having [ sic ] been grossly unfair and fundamental exigencies of due process of law were not respected . "
" The UN has called the detention of Dr. Labwani and other dissidents in Syria illegal , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" It is now up to the UN member states , and especially countries like France and the US that are currently engaged in a dialogue with Syria , to make the release of these dissidents a top priority . "
During the trial , Syrian security agencies frequently harassed Dr. Labwani 's lawyer , Anwar al - Bunni .
Al - Bunni was himself sentenced on April 24 , 2007 , to five years in prison on charges unrelated to Dr. Labwani 's trial but apparently intended to punish al - Bunni for his own political and human rights activism and defense of detained dissidents .
An additional three years of imprisonment was handed down to Dr. Labwani on April 23 , 2008 , after a military court found him guilty of the vaguely worded and widely interpreted charge of " broadcasting false or exaggerated news which would affect the morale of the country , " in connection with comments he reportedly made in his prison cell .
The Working Group 's opinion on Labwani is the latest in a series it has issued declaring detentions of political and human rights activists , among others , in Syria to be violations of international law .
In 2002 , the Working Group declared arbitrary the previous detention of Dr. Labwani and that of nine others arrested in 2001 for their peaceful advocacy of reform during the " Damascus Spring " period , which flourished briefly after Bashar al - Assad became president .
In May 2006 , the Working Group released its conclusion that Riad Drar , an activist serving a five - year sentence for making a speech at the funeral of a prominent Kurdish Islamic scholar , Sheikh Ma`shuq al - Khaznawi , was being detained arbitrarily .
The UN experts said his trial was unfair and that Drar had been convicted merely for exercising his right to free expression .
In May 2008 , it declared the detention of human rights lawyer Anwar al - Bunni and seven young men involved in a peaceful discussion group to be arbitrary .
In March 2009 , the Working Group declared the detention of another human rights defender , Nizar Ristnawi , to be arbitrary .
Ristnawi is currently serving a four - year prison term for " spreading false news " and " insulting the President of the Republic " after a member of the security services overheard a conversation he was having on human rights and other issues .
" UN experts have once again concluded that the Syrian authorities have locked up an advocate of peaceful reform on the basis of spurious security - related charges , " said Philip Luther , deputy director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme at Amnesty International .
" Stifling dissent in this way is totally unacceptable . "
Let me tell you how to maximize your productivity on the Bourne Again SHell while minimizing your effort .
bash has a ton of tricks and shortcuts that allow you to command it with little effort , and I intend to show you the features that help me day in and day out .
Today I ’m going to explain the use of features like history , brace and file expansion , and other tricks by example and give you references for later .
Master your history
Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it .
This is arguably one of the best productivity enhancing features of any shell .
You can check your history with the history command , which prints your last 500 commands ( or so ) by default .
Alternatively , you can filter the list :
# Print last 10 entries history 10 # searches history for cmd history | grep cmd
Each entry has a number , which you can then execute with !< number >
Now suppose I want to copy a file to a directory and then change to that directory .
The quick way to do that with history is :
cp myfile .
txt my / directory / path cd !
$ # cd my / directory / path
or if I forget to run a command as super - user :
vi /etc / fstab # oops !
sudo !!
# sudo vi /etc / fstab
to execute the last command starting with “ mount ” , since I do n’t want to type it all out :
# Previously ... mount 192.168.0.100:/my/path/to/music /media/music # Later ... !
mount #
Repeats last mount command
Note that I often ( but not always ) prefer Ctrl - R , which will search history as you type .
As an added bonus you can view the command before executing it .
Other examples :
eric@sawyer : ~ $ echo foo - a bar baz foo - a bar baz eric@sawyer : ~ $ echo !
: 3 - 4 bar baz eric@sawyer : ~ $ !
- 2 # 2nd - to - last command foo - a bar baz eric@sawyer : ~ $ ^ba^ya #replace 1st " ba " with " ya " foo - a yar baz eric@sawyer : ~ $ ! ^:p #MUCH cooler than " echo ... " ;) foo eric@sawyer : ~ $ ! ? bar # Last command containing " bar " foo - a bar baz eric@sawyer : ~ $ ! : gs/ ba/ya #replace all " ba " with " ya " foo - a yar yaz
Quick reference
!!
expands to the last command and all arguments
! -3 3rd - to - last command and all arguments
!^ first argument of the last command in history
!:2 2nd argument of the last command
!$ last argument of the last command
!* all arguments of the last command , but not the command itself
! 42 expands to the 42nd command in the history list
! foo last command beginning with “ foo ”
!? baz last command containing “ baz ”
^foo^bar last command with the first occurrence of “ foo ” replaced with “ bar ”
!:gs / foo/bar last command with all occurrences of “ foo ” replaced with “ bar ”
< any_above > : p prints command without executing
Helpful . bashrc entries for history
Copy and paste these into ~/. bashrc
# Do n't put duplicate lines in the history export HISTCONTROL = ignoredups #
Store a lot history entries in a file for grep - age shopt -s histappend export HISTFILE = ~/ long_history export HISTFILESIZE = 50000 #
No reason not to save a bunch in history #
Takes up several more MBs of RAM now , oOOOooh export HISTSIZE = 9999 # Ignore dupe commands and other ones you do n't care about export HISTIGNORE = " & :[ ] *: exit "
Another neat trick with .inputrc
If you are still particularly fond of the up and down arrows , copy and paste the following into a ~/. inputrc file .
This will allow you to start typing a command and then hit the up - arrow to search backwards through your history for commands starting with what you typed .
I prefer other methods usually but this is pretty cool , huh ?
" \e OA " : history - search - backward " \e [ A " : history - search - backward " \e OB " : history - search - forward " \e [ B " : history - search - forward " \e OC " : forward - char " \e [ C " : forward - char " \e OD " : backward - char " \e [ D " : backward - char
Further reading
Peteris Krumins has an excellent write - up called The Definitive Guide to Bash Command Line History which goes in - depth on many of the above topics , should you crave more bash history goodness .
Brace expansions
No shorthand list would be complete without the ( in ) famous brace expansions .
Basically , they allow you to specify part(s ) of an command to repeat substituting different values of a set within braces .
Let me show you what I mean :
# Quickly make a backup cp file .
txt { , .bak } # Equivalent to ' cp file.txt file.txt.back '
This is obviously very useful to prevent having to repeat parts of files or directory paths .
Suppose I wanted to make a template folder structure , I could make most of the directories I need with :
mkdir -p { src, test } / com / eriwen / { data , view }
This will expand every combination so I end up with src / com / eriwen / data , src / com / eriwen / view , test / com / eriwen / data , and so forth .
Being able to create a template directory structure with one line is a big time saver !
Better filename expansion
I ’m sure you often use the * operator to match files beginning or ending with something , but bash goes far beyond that .
It should be noted , though , at some point a good find | grep is more powerful and useful .
See Find is a beautiful tool for more information .
In addition to wildcards with * , you can use ? to match any single character .
You can also limit matching to certain characters with [ ] .
For example :
ls # prints " myfile netbeans.conf netbeans -6.5rc2 netbeans -6.5 netbeans - 6.7 src " ls netbeans - 6.? # matches " netbeans - 6.5 netbeans - 6.7 " ls netbeans - 6 . [ 1 - 5 ] * # matches " netbeans -6.5rc2 netbeans -6.5 "
. bashrc entries for better filename expansion
# Include dot (. ) files in the results of expansion shopt -s dotglob # Case - insensitive matching for filename expansion shopt -s nocaseglob # Enable extended pattern matching shopt -s extglob
cd shorthand
There are a couple quick tricks to change to oft - used directories .
For example :
# Lame way to go home cd ~ #
The cool way cd
You can also switch to the previous directory with cd - like so :
pwd # prints / home / eriwen / src cd /my/webserver/directory #
Do something ... cd - #
Now I 'm back in /home / eriwen / src
To get more advanced with this , try mastering your directory stack with pushd and popd .
Conclusion
Effective use of history , brace expansions , and other shortcuts will to save you a lot of time .
However , nothing is more productive than no typing .
Automating things is best where possible .
If you ca n’t automate , use smart aliases .
I know I did not cover tilde expansions , shell parameter expansions or bash key commands .
You will want to check those out as well , but I find them less useful than what I ’ve covered here .
Have any quick shortcuts you love ?
Share them in the comments !
It ’s easy to forget or to never even realize it – but much of northern Arizona ’s landscape was shaped by fire .
Or by lava , if you prefer a more precise word .
Volcanoes disgorged magma onto the surface , forming everything from towering giants like the San Francisco
Peaks to the loaf - like dome of Mount Elden to the mysterious hoodoos of Red Mountain .
But trees have covered the landscape , often concealing the area ’s volcanic origins .
S.P. Crater – An Unheralded Attraction
S.P. Crater , however , will resist any attempts to whitewash its furious history .
This beautifully shaped cinder cone had the foresight to belch a four - mile long lava flow onto the flat prairie lands .
Today , nearly 71,000 years after its birth , S.P. Crater stands out among a multitude of lesser cinder cones in the area , beckoning visitors to peer into the crater that once spewed ash and blobs of lava .
Few hear its call , though – that ’s likely because of the nearby Sunset Crater National Monument .
The park might be slightly more picturesque , with its pine forest and an equally haunting lava flow .
But for me , S.P. Crater has an effect that its just - slightly Disney - fied neighbor does n’t : a sense of solitude that practically takes me back in time .
I can picture the lava glowing red as it churns across the landscape like so much hell - flavored soft - serve ice cream .
I can smell the sulfur in the air as another family of bombs rockets out of the crater , borne aloft by super - hot gases .
Â
I can imagine fumaroles venting steam into the air .
Also , I can climb directly to the top , and even descend into the crater .
This is forbidden at Sunset Crater , for concern of erosion .
Park officials closed the slopes in the 1970s , propelled by fears that , one day , Sunset Crater would be nothing .
I do n’t know if there is any hard science to back that notion – if there is , I ’d like to see it .
Not Far , But a World Away
On a Memorial Day weekend exploration , I encountered not a single hiker .
A few pickup trucks passed within a few miles , but our only company was the cattle ( S.P. Crater is on land belonging to the Babbitt family , and I applaud them for granting access to those who want to visit the craters ) .
When the wind died down , we could hear them lowing even from nearly 900 feet above them .
Engine noise from the highway is nonexistent , and you can catch glimpses of the brilliant colors from the Painted Desert ; it looks just a few miles away , but is closer to 100 miles distant .
You can watch small cloudbursts roll in , drop rain and disappear .
Be careful , though , because some will contain lightning .
Use your head .
If you ’re in northern Arizona , I ’d recommend visiting both of these iconic volcanoes .
Each will give you a distinct experience that will be hard to forget .
For the nitty - gritty info about finding S.P. Crater , visit my Associated Content article .
If you want more photos , check out my earlier post .
Note from Wandering Justin -Â
Do n’t miss any future coolÂ stories like this - Â hit the “ subscribe ” button !
This post just might contain affiliate links .
Fear not , they ’re non-spammy and benign .
Hey , I have to keep this thing running somehow !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Stumbleupon
LinkedIn
Reddit
More
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Did you know that the largest apologetics - focused gathering in history , to hear the case for Christ and the evidence for Jesus , was the “ Why Jesus ? ” Conference in Bangor , Maine , held May 7 , 2016 ?
The capacity of the Cross Insurance Arena was 6800 , and some were skeptical about the turnout .
Yet Ravi Zacharias and Lee Strobel were among the speakers , and word spread across New England .
Result : the event …
Experts have long suspected that part of the process of turning fleeting short - term memories into lasting long - term memories occurs during sleep .
Now , researchers at the RIKEN - MIT Center for Neural Circuit Genetics of MIT 's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory have shown that mice prevented from " replaying " their waking experiences while asleep do not remember them as well as mice who are able to perform this function .
The work , which has a profound implication in the century - old search for the purpose of sleep , will be reported in the June 25 issue of Neuron .
It is widely believed that memories of events and spaces are stored briefly in the hippocampus before they are consolidated in the neocortex for permanent storage .
The seahorse - shaped hippocampus is thought to play a key role in learning and memory , but the precise circuits and mechanisms involved are not well understood .
" Our work demonstrates the molecular link between post - experience sleep and the establishment of long - term memory of that experience , " said Susumu Tonegawa , the Picower Professor of Biology and Neuroscience at MIT and lead author of the study .
" Ours is the first study to demonstrate this link between memory replay and memory consolidation .
The sleeping brain must replay experiences like video clips before they are transformed from short - term into long - term memories . "
The researchers looked at a circuit within the hippocampus known as the trisynaptic pathway , in which neuronal information passes through the hippocampus ' three main substructures before moving on .
" We demonstrated that this pathway is crucial for the transformation of a recent memory , formed within a day , to a remote memory that still exists at least six weeks later , " Tonegawa said .
Creating a strain of engineered mice in which a change of diet shuts down trisynaptic circuits , the researchers implanted electrodes that monitored the activities of the animals ' hippocampal cells as the animals ran a maze and then slept .
Not - so - instant replay
While they were still awake and running , the mice formed within their brains a pattern of place cells , or neurons that were firing in recognition of the maze the mice had learned to negotiate .
During their post - run sleep , particularly during a deep sleep phase called slow - wave , the specific sequence of place cells that fired during the run was " replayed " in a similar sequence .
In human studies testing the role of slow - wave sleep in memory consolidation , the group that napped after memorizing word pairs such as " fruit - banana " and " tool - pliers , " was able to recall a greater number of word pairs than those who did not nap .
This replay during sleep had been speculated , but has never been demonstrated , to be important for converting the recent memory stored in the hippocampus to a more permanent memory stored in the neocortex .
" We have demonstrated that in the mutant mice in which the trisynaptic pathway is blocked , this replay process during the slow - wave sleep is impaired . "
Tonegawa said .
The animals were able to form long - term memories of the maze only when their trisynaptic pathways were functioning after the formation of the short - term memory .
" Our conclusion is that the trisynaptic pathway - mediated replay of the hippocampal memory sequence during sleep plays a crucial role in the formation of a long - term memory , " he said .
In addition to Tonegawa , authors are Picower Institute research scientist Toshiaki Nakashiba , Picower Institute postdoctoral associate Derek L. Buhl and Picower Institute research scientist Thomas J. McHugh .
This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization Inc. based in Tokyo .
The strange and weirdly beautiful terraced pools of Pamukkale ( Pummakale ) have been appreciated for over two millennia and yet still remain a little known wonder of the world .
Thousands of years ago earthquakes , which are common in Turkey , created fractures that allowed powerful hot springs to bring water rich in calcium carbonate to the surface .
As the water evaporated the chalky material condensed and formed layer - upon - layer of Travertine and thus slowly built up the walls over time in the same way that a stalactite forms in a cave .
Apparently Pamukkale means Castle of Cotton but the Greco - Romans built a town above it called Heirapolis – meaning “ Holy City ” or “ Sacred City ” .
They too recognised it as a rare and important place attributing healing powers to the milky - white waters .
The travertine features have their origins in the shifting of a fault in the valley of the Menderes river ( between here and Denizli ) .
As the fault shifted , very hot springs with a very high mineral content ( notably chalk ) arose at this location .
Yes , it ’s true they are cousins .
Thanks to the Ancestry.com an online genealogy search website it ’s revealed that President Barack Obama & Hollywood ’s Brad Pitt are actually cousins .
This huge online database , archived scanned family - history documents , things like birth and marriage records , but also more obscure records like immigration records and draft - registration cards .
Barack Obama and Brad Pitt
The current occupant of the Oval Office and the hunky movie star are ninth cousins .
They share the same ancestor , Edwin Hickman , who was born in 1690 .
Edwin ’s son Edwin Jr. is Brad Pitt ‘s seventh great - grandfather ( that ’s great great great great great great great grandfather . )
Edwin ’s other son , James , is Obama ‘s seventh great - grandfather , on his mother ’s side .
George W. Bush and Hugh Hefner ( PlayBoy Founder )
The churchgoing , Republican politician probably does n’t have too much in common with Playboy founder Hefner .
But “ W ” and Hugh share some blood :
They ’re 11th cousins , twice removed .
Bush ‘s 10th great - grandfather and Hefner ’s eighth great - grandfather was Thomas Richards , who died around 1650 .
Tom Hanks and Abraham Lincoln
There ’s little resemblance , but the man who played the slow - witted Forrest Gump is indeed a relation of our cerebral 16th president .
Did n’t I just catch Hanks reading Team of Rivals ?
Princess Diana and Sarah Palin
That ’s right , the glamorous former British princess and the moose - hunting Alaska governor share more than a legacy of expensive couture –they ’re 10th cousins .
Both share the same ninth great - grandfather , John Strong , who was born in England in 1605 .
Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles
They ’re married , but also apparently blood relatives –ninth cousins once removed .
All hail the house of Windsor .
George W. Bush and Dick Cheney
The 43rd president and his all - powerful veep shared an important relationship before both started working in the White House .
They ’re ninth cousins , one time removed .
Common ancestors are William and Lydia Fletcher , both born around 1622 .
FDR and Sarah Palin
The 2008 vice - presidential candidate did n’t make it to the White House , but one of her ancestors did : Palin and Franklin D. Roosevelt are ninth cousins , once removed
Britney Spears and John Edwards
The volatile blond pop singer and former presidential candidate ( whose own marriage has been pretty volatile lately ) are seventh cousins three times removed .
Their common ancestor was John Stovall , born in Virginia around 1705 .
Richard Nixon and James Dean
The slippery former president and ultra-cool actor do n’t have much in common , but are actually seventh cousins , once removed .
Princess Diana and Andrew Firestone
Who knew ?
Di is also a 10th cousin to Andrew Firestone , the good - looking member of the tire family who is better known for his turn on TV show The Bachelor .
Firestone wed actress and model Ivana Bozilovic last year .
Information Sources : Ancestry.com , Forbes.com
Article Credits : Rebecca Buckman
Image Credits : AP Photo , Getty Images , Wire Image , Whitehouse , Hulton Archive
A Google sign is seen at its headquarters in Mountain View , California May 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc is soon to roll out free software which allows consumers to track their home electricity use and improve energy efficiency in a bid to help mitigate global warming .
Dan Reicher , Director for Climate Change and Energy Initiatives Google , told Reuters it was in talks with utilities companies in the United Sates , Europe and Asia to make the product available shortly to general consumers .
As part of its efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , Google said in February it would use its software skills for the program that will show home energy consumption in real time on a user ’s computer or a telephone .
“ It will get rolled out very soon to regular energy consumers , ” Reicher said , without providing exact timings .
“ When I began getting information about my own home , I discovered that I had a 35 - year electric motor running for my heating system .
That was using huge amount of electricity .
I did not realize that ’s the change I need to make in my home . ”
The company cited studies showing that access to home energy information typically saves between 5 percent and 15 percent on monthly electricity bills .
“ The beauty of the tool we are developing is that is going to be an open source , ” Reicher said .
[ Image : The King 's Vineyard , London , by Soonil Kim , one of many projects featured in London Yields : Urban Agriculture ] .
[ Images : From Ian Douglas - Jones 's awesome Towards New Capital project , also featured in London Yields .
Douglas - Jones asks us to project ahead to London in 2070 A.D. : " Food imports dried up 20 years ago when oil peaked at $ 1000 a barrel .
Our new self - reliance has necessitated the development of dense enclaves of self - subsistence , and self sustenance ; each enclave provides the optimum population density with the exact amount of energy and food , " he writes ] .
( Note : Check out the other work on Ian Douglas - Jones 's site , including his Aeronautica Sovereign State ) .
One of the many benefits of being in London this week is that I get to stop by the Building Centre , one of my favorite urban galleries and architectural exhibition spaces , to check out their new show London Yields : Urban Agriculture
While imagining what it might be like to eat extremely local food , grown right there in your city – a line of 96th Street Honey , for instance , or , in light of Times Square 's recent ( but unfortunately temporary ) pedestrianization , perhaps a Times Square Tomato ( why notparts of Times Square ? ) – we also need to ask how we might make such a vision come true .
How can a city like London be at least partially turned over to food production – so that London Fields might produce southeast England 's newest yields of meat , fruit , and vegetables ?
I have to admit that urban agri-utopianism is easily one of the most seductive visions of the 21st century city that I 've yet seen – from farming new medicinal plants on the rooftops of schools to hybridizing sci- fi flowers on vast and heavily perfumed highway - farms stretching across one borough to another – and it's hard not to get excited when thinking about such things .
Even better , tomorrow morning the Building Centre will be hosting a related event called London Yields : Getting Urban Agriculture off the Ground .
Featuring Mark Brearley ( Design for London ) , Jamie Dean ( East London Green Grid ) , architect Carolyn Steel ( author of Hungry City : How Food Shapes Our Lives ) , architects Bohn & Andre Viljoen , Mikey Tomkins and Ruth Coulson ( Croydon Council ) , and a representative from Sustain ( " the alliance for better food and farming " ) , the whole thing will be hosted by none other than David Barrie Coincidentally , my wife and I picked up a copy of Steel 's book yesterday ; it looks fantastic .
From the food supply infrastructure of ancient Rome to today 's exurban British megamarkets , by way of a brief feminist history of cooking ( the TV dinner as misguided step toward female liberation ) and the carefully engineered landscapes of London waste processing ( including a short tour through the city 's eastern marshes ) , it seems to have no shortage of general interest .
So the event tomorrow costs £ 35 , unfortunately , but if you 're up for it , stop by ; if not , consider checking out the exhibition before it comes down on May 30 !
Your Andy 's account is now active and you 're logged in .
All available coupons will be applied automatically in your shopping cart !
Browse by Design Booty Hunter Here 's the Beef Breathe if You 're Horny World 's Greatest Illegit Dad May I Help You , My Child ?
Groom Deer Hat Resume Goal Bandit I Love Cock ( fighting ) Firesquid Free Shirt Limit 1 2005 Prom King Patriotic Bald Eagle All Aces ( cards ) David Allan " CEO " Glug Support Our Troops I Love You Daddy Sonny Lied !!!
Jack Squattery Tricky Two John Beer Swayze Crazy God's Good Buddy Remember 9 -111 ( Irregular )
Do it ... To it !!
Damn I 'm Good I'm Going Nuckin' Futz !!
Hooked On Jesus Hooked On Darwin The Truth -vs- Darwin Science -vs- The Truth Faith -vs- Science China -vs- Faith Wolves ( Howlin ' ) I Support Flat Tax Taste Daytona Bodywork by Wanda Shoot First Ask ?'s NEVER !
Too Cool For You !!
Damn Bald Eagles Lifeguard on Booty Ice Wind Jesus Shaves Yo Momma !
Did n't Ask , Don't Tell Been There , Done That ...
Got Breast Milk ?
No Habla Jibber Jabber !
Nifty Nifty Look Who 's 53 ! Line Dancers DO IT !!!
Guns Don't Kill People ... Born to Die !!!
When God Takes a DUMP ...
This Ain't No Shirt ...
This Shirt Contains ... Laugh So I Can See ' Em ... Lerm !
These Colors Don't Run Gay Pride Body 4 Pleasure , Mind 4 Sin Love It or Leave It ! Fine Ol ' Solution VPILF : Sarah Palin Too Funk to Druck !!
Hold My Hat While I ... From My Cold Dead Head Dougal County Corrections Healing Rocks !!!
Do Something - Take Your Top Off !
Do Something - Get an Education !
Cash is King !!!
Baby Rusty Find Baby Rusty Baby Rusty - He 's Alive !!!
Kiss Your Ass Goodbye Ignorance Is Bliss Longhaired Spreadneck Emergency ?
Dial .357 !!!!
Tell Your Boobs ... Do n't Blame Me ... Midget Tossing PC BEACH '92 Making Copies ...
Tits for Tots Suck the Fart ... T'AINT one ...
WARNING ... Blue Chip , Green Back Sheetrock University U of PS BFC --BEYOND THE HAT DESIGNS -- Sharif Star Ham Hunt Git Yer Yankee Ass ... Born 2 Pork I Like Your Butt ( 1 ) My Genitals Beer Me I Like Your Butt ( 2 ) Duck Me I'm Frunk Ki$ $ My A$$ Sunny Side Up Dan Halen Prof. Cuyler 's Juice Tonic Laser Hole Rejuvenation Volcano Fun Camp Supercollider 2009 Dougal County SIP Browse Mens Lightweight T Heavyweight T 3X Heavyweight T Long Sleeve T Hooded Sweatshirt See ALL Mens Browse Womens Lightweight T Heavyweight T Long Sleeve Jersey T Hooded Sweatshirt See ALL Womens
About the designs
About the Squid Shop
Customer Service & Help ?
Product Sizing
Bulk Discounts
Track Your Order Welcome to the Squid Shop - home of the COMPLETE Early Cuyler Collection !
Pick a design to browse available products !
Designs shown in order of the first episode in which they appeared .
Wanna know which episode each hat was shown in for the first time ?
CHECK IT OUT HERE !
7-22-2011 - SORRY ... YER TOO LATE !!!
Them dang chalky lovin ' lawyers from HOTlanta finally caught up with us !
We 'd like to say THANK YOU to all of our supporters , large and small .
You can still find us on Facebook .... stop in and say howdy sometime .
We put a lot of work into this & we < 3 Squidbillies a ton - we will miss this place . :)
Goodbye . 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 designs page 2 ---> Subscribe to Our RSS Feed !
Contact the Squid Shop
Become a Fan on Facebook
Insan Art & Design
the PA State Store
Spreadshirt
Squidbillies Central Forum Terms of Service Contact Privacy Intellectual Property RSS Feed Help ?
UW - Whitewater football coach Lance Leipold has apologized to the campus newspaper and to a student journalist , one day after he said he would ban student reporters from covering his team .
In a statement released by the school Thursday , Leipold , a two - time national coach of the year , said he apologized to the Royal Purple , the student newspaper , for his use of inappropriate language to a reporter and his banning of the newspaper from covering the team .
Leipold said he would cooperate with the paper in the future .
In an e-mail to student reporter Christopher Kuhagen , who wrote a story about Leipold in the campus newspaper , Leipold offered the apology .
And he acknowledged that the reporter , the UW - Whitewater campus community and alumni expect and deserve better from the head football coach .
The furor erupted after Leipold was angered by an editorial written by Michael Daly , the paper 's managing editor .
The editorial was about an incident involving three members of the football team .
Paul Plinske , the school 's athletic director , said Leipold 's behavior was unacceptable .
" I am disappointed that Coach Leipold responded in this manner , " Plinske said in a statement .
" This is by no means a reflection on Warhawk athletics .
Instead , it is an instance where an excellent coach allowed his passion for the program and his team to get the best of him .
Coach Leipold knows his behavior was unacceptable . "
Asked if Leipold would be formally reprimanded for his actions , Plinske wrote in an e-mail that , " It 's a personnel matter that will be taken up with the chancellor when he returns to campus from meetings in Madison . "
UW - Whitewater Chancellor Richard Telfer said in the campus statement that he supported Plinske , adding that he thought the relationship between the football program and the student newspaper could be repaired .
" Lance Leipold admitted that he behaved poorly and he has apologized .
It is my hope that we learn from this situation and move forward , " Telfer said .
" The Warhawk football program is one of the best in the nation and we want to focus on continuing to improve the program .
Coach Leipold understands that the program needs the support of the entire campus community , and that includes the Royal Purple , to be successful .
I know we can put this unfortunate situation behind us . "
According to a story in the student paper , Leipold took the action after becoming angry over an editorial titled , " Spoiled athletes need reality check . "
Leipold then initially decided that no one from the student - run newspaper could call anyone associated with the football program unless he approved .
And he said coaches or players would not be allowed to answer questions from student reporters during the 2009 season .
" The door is shut , " Leipold said Wednesday .
" Go cover soccer .
I have ( head coach ) Greg Henschel 's number .
I 'm sure that will be fun . "
Now Leipold has backed off .
Last December , Leipold 's Warhawks , a perennial national football power , were in the NCAA Division III national football championship game , but lost to Mount Union , 31 - 26 .
Leipold 's record over two seasons is 27 - 3 .
In the editorial , Daly wrote about an incident he said he witnessed on campus in which three football players attempted to work out , independent of their team , without handing over their student IDs .
According to Daly , one athlete cooperated , another eventually did show his ID , and a third refused until police were called .
Leipold said the three athletes were disciplined for their actions .
I thought I ’d post some photos from when I was making the We ’re Out comics .
If you were interested to know how it was made , these might provide a bit of an insight .
Before I even finished writing the story , I took a lot of test photos and put together a few test comics to make sure I could actually do a comic with 3D models .
Here ’s one of the test comics .
The techniques I figured out at this test stage were the same ones I used for the whole story , but in the final comics I made the panels less crazily angled .
I took this test photo at my mum ’s house .
For a while I thought I might photograph all the inside - the - house scenes at my mum ’s house because it ’s a lot nicer than mine !
But then I decided not to be a faker .
This is the 3D Nanny model and the car .
I made the 3D version of Nanny before I designed the 2D version .
Here ’s a pile of Colins and Paulines .
The Colin model has got black wire for arms , legs and a neck .
These are sandwiched between pieces of cardboard .
For each new expression I had a new Colin head which was stuck on with blu -tac .
I made 5 different Colin bodies throughout the whole story because they got damaged after being bent around so much .
For Pauline I made a poseable model by sticking a layer of thick tin foil between two paper bodies .
I used new paper heads for each expression .
For certain scenes and poses I cut out entire new bodies .
Here ’s a selection of the removable heads .
All together there were a lot more .
Some of them are still lying around in various corners of my house .
Here ’s a page of speech bubbles .
I would take the photographs for each comic page and then do the speech bubbles after .
The “ set ” for the 3D version of “ my cardboard life world ” .
Colin ’s feet are actually going through the paper at the bottom and into blobs of blu-tac .
Me in the graveyard taking photos of the car .
The set for the glittery world that the army of Paulines built .
It ’s mostly spray - painted pieces of cardboard and lots of glitter .
This set is the last panel with the flying Nanny .
I took several photos , turning the camera slightly each time to make the 3D animated gif .
And here ’s one last photo of Colin and Pauline having coffee and a croissant with me after a long morning of taking photos around Nottingham .
I went out very early so it it would n’t be too busy and I would n’t get in peoples ’ way .
( That ’s Luke in the background .
He came with me when I was taking photos around town .
I think I would have been too nervous to do it if he had n’t been there ! ) .
I hope that was interesting !
It ’s back to normal 2D comics for me now .
Starting from Monday ( 24th June ) I ’ll be doing 5 updates a week .
Hopefully I can keep that going for a few months but I ’ll probably go back to 3 a week in the Autumn .
I want to make a printed book version of We ’re Out too so I ’ll also be working on some extra material for that .
*** spoiler alert *** I think it ’s going to come with 3D glasses …
DO NOT CROSS A MAN… WHO JUST WOKE UP FROM A NAP AND HAS NO RECOLLECTION OF WHERE HE IS AT THE MOMENT .
- Ray
The creator of black - ish , Kenya Barris , is about to hit the world with another original sitcom to define the decade for the streaming generation .
Shot in a mockumentary style , Netflix 's # blackAF depicts the unfiltered and unapologetic life of a “ new money ” black family in America .
Watch the first trailer below .
The show is supposedly inspired by Barris ' " irreverent , highly flawed , unbelievably honest approach to parenting , relationships , race , and culture . "
By the end of the clip , you 'll have plenty of future relationships ( and parenting ) goals to add to your list .
Barris stars as a fictionalized version of himself with Rashida Jones playing his wife and Iman Benson , Genneya Walton , Scarlet Spencer , Justin Claiborne , Ravi Cabot - Conyers , and Richard Gardenhire Jr. as their children .
Nia Long , Tyler Perry , Mike Epps , Lena Waithe , Kym Whitley , and Melvin Gregg also make special guest appearances on the program .
The full series lands on Netflix on April 17 .
Get a glimpse of what 's to come below .
Many of us have never been able to shed the memories of that traumatic weekend that ended with the deaths of Allison Krause , Bill Schroeder , Sandy Scheuer and Jeff Miller at Kent State University .
This year , as the calendar comes into conjunction again , the dates match the days in 1970 and , once again , we are faced with a Monday , May 4 and all the memories that that brings .
When 12:24 PM arrives this Monday , 39 full years will have passed since the horrible events that claimed the lives of four , wounded at least nine others , and changed the world for untold millions .
Several years ago , I did a comprehensive seven - part series on the shootings at Kent State for DailyKos .
My purpose here is not to re-create that effort .
If you want in - depth accounts of how Nixon 's shamelessly provocative speech on Cambodia set the stage for the events at Kent State or how the events of that weekendplayed out or exactly what happened on that fateful Monday or how the aftermath unfolded , including what the various investigations found , or what happened in the resulting criminal and civil trials , I refer you to those original diaries .
You can also read about my first trip to Kent State in 35 years and my own experiences of that day .
This diary is for a briefer recap and remembering .
Things had been heating up for a long time before that day in May 1970 .
When I think back , it seems as though everything started to crumble with the 1963 Kennedy assassination .
The memory of standing next to the television the Sunday after the assassination , as I waited for my ride to come to take me to swimming practice , and being just inches from the screen at the moment that Lee Harvey Oswald was shot , still stands out as one of the most shocking things I 've ever witnessed .
And , five years later , how my parents would n't allow me to go to a party after MLK was assassinated because Cincinnati was exploding .
And , a couple months later , when I woke up to the news that Bobby Kennedy had been shot and stumbled out to the den and turned on the TV and my mother came in and yelled at me for turning on the TV before school .
And then when I said , " Bobby Kennedy 's been shot " and she sunk into the couch next to me .
1968 went by in a blur , as events across the world seemed to be spinning out of control .
But then came the spring of 1970 and , for me , nothing ever seemed to be quite the same after that .
I do n't really remember Nixon 's speech about invading Cambodia .
Not surprising since , in those days , TVs were rare on college campuses .
But I heard about it the next day , as people began to organize protests .
At Kent State , a group of students , dubbing themselves World Historians Opposed to Racism and Exploitation ( WHORE ) , gathered on the campus Commons to bury a copy of the Constitution , charging Nixon with having killed it .
The protest did n't amount to much , maybe 100 people in all gathered .
But , at the end , they announced another demonstration for noon on Monday .
That night , as usual , the Water Street bars were filled with Kent State students .
Many had gone down to watch the NBA playoffs .
Outside in the streets , there was more of a festival atmosphere .
But then things started getting out of control .
Some students decided to block off a street for a street dance and a motorcycle gang decided to perform some stunts to entertain themselves .
Motorists did n't take too kindly to any of this , especially when kids started quizzing them about their views on the invasion of Cambodia .
The mayor and police chief , reacting to rumors about Weathermen supposedly heading for Kent to dump LSD in the water system , panicked .
They closed the bars , throwing hundreds of half - drunk and angry kids in with the restless crowd .
In short order , things spun out of control and some of the rowdier members of the crowd ( no one can say for sure that they were KSU students ) started smashing some of the windows in some of the downtown businesses .
The police crackdown escalated and the kids were driven back to campus .
The night ended when a fluke accident left a repairman hanging from a traffic light .
Everyone cheered when he was successfully rescued and , with tensions dissipated , everyone drifted off to where they belonged .
Things escalated further on Saturday night when , under very mysterious circumstances which to this day have never been fully explained , a crowd gathered around the ramshackle building that housed Kent 's ROTC program and burned it to the ground .
What is really odd about that event is that the kids who tried to burn it down were spectacularly unsuccessful in several attempts until they finally got bored and drifted away .
Only then did the building somehow manage to go up in flames .
Even James Michener , who did a pretty good job of whitewashing what happened that weekend in favor of the always popular " Oh what a tragedy " explanation , had to admit that something about the ROTC fire seemed suspicious .
Despite the circumstances , it certainly got roaring at an auspicious moment .
As the flames licked the sky , the Ohio National Guard , called into town by the increasingly panicky mayor , conveniently appeared .
They would have had no cause to go onto campus except , well , look at that !!
The ROTC building is burning .
So the Guard did n't stop in town , they just rolled right onto campus .
Sunday passed quietly .
Students and guardsmen mixed freely on campus .
That night , students gathered just off campus to protest the curfew that had been in effect since Friday night .
They occupied the street and asked to speak to KSU 's president .
After they were promised he was coming , the guard announced the curfew was being moved up and that they had ten minutes to disperse .
Tear gas started flying as the kids tried to flee .
Some were n't fast enough and ended up getting bayonetted .
A lot of kids spent Sunday night wherever they could find shelter , listening to helicopters whip - whipping overhead and ( reportedly ) scattered gunshots .
By Monday morning , everyone -- students and guardsmen alike -- was sleep - deprived and on edge .
The Monday rally announced on Friday started like most demonstrations at Kent State , with ringing the Victory Bell on the Commons .
Students did n't need a whole lot of reason to gather by this point .
While many of them were still angry about Cambodia , most of them were angrier about the Guard being on campus .
They wanted to know what was happening , how long the Guard was planning to stay , when they 'd get their campus back .
Several professors even encouraged kids to attend to try and find answers for these questions .
See , even though the state would later claim that all campus gatherings had been banned , classes were still taking place although a few had been disrupted by fake bomb scares .
And , with a noon rally on the Commons , a central location on campus , a lot of kids who were just on their way to class or lunch , stopped to see what was going on .
Even so , the crowd was neither huge nor violent .
Yes , once the Guard started firing tear gas , some kids did throw the canisters back but I ask you -- what would you do if a tear gas canister landed at your feet ?
And , yes , there were some rocks thrown -- by both students and guardsmen .
But the most common " missiles " were epithets .
I 've looked at so many pictures of that day that I can " identify " all kinds of students although I have no idea who most of them are .
Having scrutinized them endlessly for clues and having listened to the recording of the shootings on many occasions , I thought I was way past having a photo from that day stop me cold .
But , last week , I received one from a newly - obsessed researcher in Australia that did just that .
You see , that 's not just any picture of the crowd .
See the girl towards the back of the crowd in the red shirt and blue jeans ?
That 's Sandy Scheuer .
And right over her right shoulder , see the girl with the tan jacket and her hair pulled up in a modified pony tail ?
Allison Krause .
And to Sandy 's right , the boy in the distinctive orange bell - bottoms ?
Bill Schroeder .
Within half an hour , they will all be dead or dying .
And , yes , that picture gives me the chills .
Within minutes of this photo being taken , the Guard will start to push the crowd over Blanket Hill .
The crowd , and the guardsmen , will split to go around Taylor Hall .
The main contingent of guardsmen will continue on to the practice field , where they will find themselves surrounded by fences , topography and students in the parking lot and on the hill .
They 'll hang out for about ten minutes while emotions escalate .
At one point , a number of them will drop to their knees and aim at the students in the parking lot .
Someone will fire a gun while on the field ( a signal ? ) but nothing more will come of that .
Eventually , they will realize their position is untenable and they will retreat back up the hill in front of Taylor Hall .
The kids will cheer , believing they 've " won . "
But when the Guard reaches the top of the hill , at 12:24 PM , they will stop , pivot 135 degrees in virtual unison and fire some 67 shots in 13 seconds towards the students in the parking lot who had been harassing them earlier .
Most of the casualties will be in the parking lot .
( The lighter lines in the above photo indicate the spray of gunfire . )
By the time they are done , 13 students will be on the ground wounded , with two of them dead , two of them dying and another two critically wounded .
The victims :
Joseph Lewis , Jr. , standing some 60 to 70 feet away , was shot in the abdomen and lower leg .
Joe would admit later that he had been giving the guardsmen the finger when they shot him .
As he lay wounded , the second shot hit him in the leg .
John Cleary , 110 feet away , was shot in the chest .
Tom Grace , 200 feet away , suffered a shot to the foot .
Alan Canfora , 225 feet away , had taunted the guard with his black flag and was hiding behind a tree when a shot ripped through his wrist .
Dean Kahler was lying prone 300 feet away when he was shot in the back and permanently paralyzed .
Kahler , a conscientious objector , had been home that weekend celebrating his birthday .
Douglas Wrentmore , 329 feet away , was shot in his knee .
The closest fatality , Jeff Miller was standing 265 feet from the guardsmen when a bullet slammed into his mouth and exited his posterior skull , killing him instantly and leaving a huge pool of blood running down the driveway to the parking lot .
Allison Krause was 343 feet away when the shooting broke out .
She and her boyfriend , Barry , hid behind a car .
After the shooting ended , Barry thought everything was OK until Allison whispered , " I 'm hit . "
The bullet had entered her armpit and ripped through most of her major organs .
She died en route to the hospital .
Jim Russell was ninety degrees removed from the others but still 375 feet away when he was slightly wounded in the thigh and forehead by buckshot .
Sadly , Jim Russell died suddenly last year of a heart attack .
William Schroeder , who was attending Kent on a ROTC scholarship , was shot in the lower back when he was 382 feet away .
The bullet exited his shoulder .
Bill survived the trip to the hospital but died as he was being wheeled into an operating room .
Sandra Scheuer was 390 feet from the guard when a bullet severed her jugular vein .
She bled to death in the parking lot .
She was on her way to class when shot .
Robbie Stamps , about 500 feet away , was shot in the right buttock .
Robbie Stamps also died last year , from complications of Lyme Disease .
Donald Scott MacKenzie was 730 feet away when a bullet struck him in the neck and exited his cheek .
MacKenzie would almost certainly have been killed had the bullet that hit him not been deflected prior to the strike .
After that , everything would descend into chaos .
Both at Kent State and around the country .
As the news spread that Monday afternoon , students all over the country heard it in shocked disbelief .
By the end of Tuesday , hundreds of campuses nationwide had been shut down by student strikes .
Thousands of students poured into Washington , DC for a mass protest that weekend .
Richard Nixon , unable to sleep , in one of the weirder episodes in his very weird presidency , would wander over to the Lincoln Memorial to meet with some of them and end up discussing football and surfing and encouraging them to travel abroad .
And , for those of us who lived through that day , for those of us who spent the next few days wondering who would be targeted next , the memories would never go away .
No matter how old you were , if you were old enough to understand what had happened that day , you aged a few years in a matter of seconds .
You realized that , yes , your government would shoot you down if they disagreed with your beliefs .
You realized that , if someone pointed a gun at you , you better assume it was loaded .
And , contrary to popular myths later , no , the Kent State shootings did not bring the war in Vietnam ( or Cambodia ) to a faster conclusion .
The war dragged on another three -- or five , depending on how you count -- interminable years .
What the shootings did accomplish is what I , and many other of the Kent State researchers , believe they were intended to accomplish : they scared students into an eerie silence which reverberated on most college campuses when they opened again later that spring or in the fall .
The era of big campus protests was over , not even to raise its head again when , some thirty - three years later , we invaded the sovereign nation of Iraq .
But my story of Kent State does n't end there .
Aside from years of obsessive investigation and more days of pain and sadness than I care to remember , there have also been good moments and good friendships made .
In particular , I cherish my friendship with Jeff Miller 's mother , Elaine Holstein , whose heart - wrenching and beautiful story of her son can be read here .
And that very special relationship was renewed the last time I posted about Kent State when kossack sfbob , who is Jeff Miller 's cousin , saw my diary and helped me get back in touch with her after some years of silence .
Two summers ago , when she was traveling west for sfbob's nephew 's wedding , she and her husband stopped to visit me in Laramie , WY .
Since they happened to be here on a Friday , which I always spend part of on a downtown street corner protesting the war in Iraq , I asked her to join with us and she happily agreed .
Despite the rainy day , it remains a cherished memory upon which I am sure Jeff was smiling .
There have also been numerous people on dKos who have sent me information and links to information they 've found on - line about Kent State , including this amazing compilation of news footage from a Cleveland TV station that arrived just a few weeks ago .
And that does n't even mention all the people who participated in my earlier diaries who helped me understand that I was n't alone in my grief .
All of you helped me heal in ways I can never fully enumerate and for which I will be eternally grateful .
Finally , in mid-March , I had the opportunity to do something I have wanted to do for a very long time : scold Richard Nixon for his role in the killings at Kent State .
Yes , OK , maybe I had to wait until he was in his grave but I got the last word .
And I dressed in my best hippie garb to deliver it .
It was sweeter than I had expected after seeing how the Nixon Library whitewashes the events of that day :
The photo is too small to read the text but notice the absence of any photos of the guardsmen , except as they " guard " the burned - out ROTC building .
Their description of events includes a remarkable avoidance of culpability : " Tragically , in the ensuing panic , shots rang out . "
A truly astounding avoidance of truth - telling which beats the hell out of the ever - popular " mistakes were made . "
And so , now , if you 've taken the time to read all this , please join me in a moment of silence as we remember everything that was stolen from us that day .
And , remember , as Holly Near reminded us , " It Could Have Been Me , " a song she wrote about Kent State .
So Which Member of Congress Was Wiretapped ?
Created : April 16 , 2009 10:18 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The New York Times reported that the National Security Agency improperly wiretapped a member of Congress who was “ part of a Congressional delegation to the Middle East in 2005 or 2006 . ”
Greg Sargent wants to know who it was .
Do n’t we all .
To the Googling stations !
My first guess was Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , who visited the West Bank in January 2006 .
But why stop there ?
In March 2005 , a so - called CODEL traveled to Iraq , Jordan , Israel Lebanon and Egypt .
On the trip were Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) , Darrel Issa ( R- Calif . ) , George Miller ( D - Calif . ) , Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) , Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) , Anna Eshoo ( D - Calif. ) , James McGovern ( D- Mass . ) , and Linda Sanchez ( D - Calif . ) .
Those were n’t the only ones .
Another March 2005 CODEL featured members taking a survey of Mideast democratization efforts .
On that trip : Rep. David Dreier ( R - Calif . ) , Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R - Fla . ) , Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - Ga. ) , Rep. Doc Hastings ( R - Wash . ) , Rep. Ander Crenshaw ( R - Fla. ) , and then - Rep. E. Clay Shaw ( R - Fla . ) .
They went to the Palestinian territories , Iraq , Egypt , Lebanon , Jordan , Israel , Cyprus and two other countries I did n’t immediately identify .
Let ’s continue .
January 2006 : a congressional delegation goes to Europe , Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Middle East enough ?
That one had then - Rep. Jon Porter ( R - Nev. ) , Rep. Michael Fitzpatrick ( R - Penn . ) , Rep. Madeleine Bordallo ( D - Guam ) , Rep. Dave Weldon ( R - Fla . ) , Rep. Melissa Hart ( R - Penn . ) , Rep. Collin Peterson ( D - Minn. ) , Rep. Thaddeus McCotter ( R - Mich . ) and Rep. Kenny Hulshof ( R - Mo. ) .
Then there was a December 2006 senatorial CODEL to Iraq , Israel , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Sens. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) , John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) and Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) brought back photos .
So that ’s 27 members of Congress who could have been illegally surveilled by the NSA .
I ’m sure I ’m missing some CODELs , so point them out in comments if you see them .
But the broader point is that there ’s no obvious reason at the moment why any of these members ’ trips could n’t have put them in contact with “ persons of interest ” to the National Security Agency and the Bush administration , thereby making them prima facie targets of a wideranging surveillance program .
Q . What are some things you do to manage your time effectively ?
A. I get up at 4:30 every morning .
I like the quiet time .
It ’s a time I can recharge my batteries a bit .
I exercise and I clear my head and I catch up on the world .
I read papers .
I look at e-mail .
I surf the Web .
I watch a little TV , all at the same time .
I call it my quiet time but I ’m already multitasking .
I love listening to music , so I ’ll do that in the morning , too , when I ’m exercising and watching the news .
— An interview with Robert Iger , the C.E.O. of Disney , in the Times .
Whoever said that the early bird gets the worm could have been talking about me , only I ’m a person , not a bird , and I ’m not interested in getting worms , more like getting things done .
But I do get up early .
In fact , the secret to my success could be boiled down to three little words : my quiet time .
It begins at 1 A.M. , when I get out of bed , check my e-mail , brush my teeth , scan some documents , and floss .
Then I ’ll surf the Web , maybe order a sectional couch or trade zloty futures .
Last week , I bought a Swiss chalet and sold it at a twenty - per - cent profit while I was still in my pajamas .
I wanted to high - five someone , but no one else was awake .
Sometimes I ca n’t remember if I ’ve flossed already , so I ’ll do it again , just to be sure , while checking my e-mail and maybe sending a fax .
Did I mention that the early bird gets the worm ?
That in many ways applies to me .
By 1:03 , I ’ve had two cups of coffee , I ’m down in my basement on the elliptical , and my heart is pounding like a cheetah’s .
I know that cheetahs have a fast heart rate because I often watch Animal Planet while I ’m on the elliptical , although sometimes I ’ll do the picture - in - picture thing so I can watch CNBC Asia while I ’m watching the thing about the cheetahs .
It is n’t always about cheetahs ; it ’s about other animals , too , like meerkats .
I just said cheetahs as a for instance .
I do the elliptical naked .
One time when I was on the elliptical , I patched myself into a conference call in Jakarta and accidentally hit the camera thing on my phone , so everyone wound up seeing me in the buff , all flopping around and everything .
Another time when I was on the elliptical , I saw an amazing documentary about cheetahs .
While I ’m on the elliptical and maybe ordering a hovercraft online , I ’ll drain a six - pack of Red Bull .
Red Bull Red Bull Red Bullybullybull .
Then I ’ll call London .
I do n’t have any business in London , but I have a London phone directory and I like to call people at random .
It helps me clear my head .
You ’d be surprised , though , how some people in London will get totally honked off if you call them out of the blue just to say “ What ’s up ? ”
It ’s not an anti-American thing ; sometimes I ’ll call them with a fake British accent and say “ Tallyho ! ” and they ’ll still get pissed .
They ’ll act like it ’s the middle of the night , even though with the time change and everything it ’s already 6 A.M.
But even if they tell me to go fuck myself it recharges my batteries .
There ’s no end to the things I can accomplish during my quiet time .
I have a fairly nimble contralto voice , and after I pop an amphetamine or two I ’ll work my way through the Metropolitan Opera repertoire , taking breaks to revise my will or maybe buy a fishing lodge .
One thing I like to do is a controlled burn of dry twigs in the woods behind my house .
I ’ll do the elliptical for twenty minutes , set fire to the woods , sing an aria from “ The Magic Flute , ” then jump back on the elliptical .
Now , here ’s something that honks me off : neighbors who call the fire department when you ’re in the middle of a controlled burn .
Those sirens start wailing and , before you know it , there goes my quiet time .
I guess the world is divided into two kinds of people : those who understand quiet time and those who do n’t .
By the way , you know who really makes the most of their quiet time ?
Cheetahs .
I saw a documentary on them one time and they are awesome . ♦
Atheism
Please help support the mission of New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download .
Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia , Church Fathers , Summa , Bible and more  all for only $ 19.99 ...
( a privative , and theos , God , i.e. without God ) .
Atheism is that system of thought which is formally opposed to theism .
Since its first coming into use the term atheism has been very vaguely employed , generally as an epithet of accusation against any system that called in question the popular gods of the day .
Thus while Socrates was accused of atheism ( Plato , Apol. , 26 , c. ) and Diagoras called an atheist by Cicero ( Nat. Deor. , I , 23 ) , Democritus and Epicurus were styled in the same sense impious ( without respect for the gods ) on account of their trend of their new atomistic philosophy .
In this sense too , the early Christians were known to the pagans as atheists , because they denied the heathen gods ; while , from time to time , various religious and philosophical systems have , for similar reasons , been deemed atheistic .
Though atheism , historically considered , has meant no more in the past than a critical or sceptical denial of the theology of those who have employed the term as one of reproach , and has consquently no one strict philosophical meaning ; and though there is no one consistent system in the exposition of which it has a definite place ; yet , if we consider it in its broad meaning as merely the opposite of theism , we will be able to frame such divisions as will make possible a grouping of definite systems under this head .
And in so doing so we shall at once be adopting both the historical and the philosophical view .
For the common basis of all systems of theism as well as the cardinal tenet of all popular religion at the present day is indubitably a belief in the existence of a personal God , and to deny this tenet is to invite the popular reproach of atheism .
The need of some such definition as this was felt by Mr. Gladstone when he wrote ( Contemporary Review , June 1876 ) :
By the Atheist I understand the man who not only holds off , like the sceptic , from the affirmative , but who drives himself , or is driven , to the negative assertion in regard to the whole unseen , or to the existence of God .
Moreover , the breadth of comprehension in such a use of the term admits of divisions and cross-divisions being framed under it ; and at the same time limits the number of systems of thought to which , with any propriety , it might otherwise be extended .
Also , if the term is thus taken , in strict contradistinction to theism , and a plan of its possible modes of acceptance made , these systems of thought will naturally appear in clearer proportion and relationship .
Thus , defined as a doctrine , or theory , or philosophy formally opposed to theism , atheism can only signify the teaching of those schools , whether cosmological or moral , which do not include God either as a principle or as a conclusion of their reasoning .
The most trenchant form which atheism could take would be the positive and dogmatic denial existence of any spiritual and extra-mundane First Cause .
This is sometimes known as dogmatic , or positive theoretic , atheism ; though it may be doubted whether such a system has ever been , or could ever possibly be seriously maintained .
Certainly Bacon and Dr. Arnold voice the common judgment of thinking men when they express a doubt as to the existence of an atheist belonging to such a school .
Still , there are certain advanced phases of materialistic philosophy that , perhaps , should rightly be included under this head .
Materialism , which professes to find in matter its own cause and explanation , may go farther , and positively exclude the existence of any spiritual cause .
That such a dogmatic assertion is both unreasonable and illogical needs no demonstration , for it is an inference not warranted by the facts nor justified by the laws of thought .
But the fact that certain individuals have left the sphere of exact scientific observation for speculation , and have thus dogmatized negatively , calls for their inclusion in this specific type .
Materialism is the one dogmatic explanation of the universe which could in any sense justify an atheistic position .
But even materialism , however its advocated might dogmatize , could do no more than provide an inadequate theoretic basis for a negative form of atheism .
Pantheism , which must not be confused with materialism , in some of its forms can be placed also in this division , as categorically denying the existence of a spiritual First Cause above or outside the world .
Former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan testifies before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington in this October 23 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said the U.S. economy and financial markets had improved but warned that banks faced a capital shortfall , which could stall lending and obstruct a recovery , Bloomberg reported on Thursday .
“ Things have unquestionably improved , ” Greenspan was quoted as saying in an interview published on Bloomberg ’s website .
“ They ’ve improved everywhere in the world .
It ’s remarkable . ”
“ There is still a very large unfunded capital requirement in the commercial banking system in the United States and that ’s got to be funded , ” he added .
The comments come after the Treasury Department and top banking regulators earlier this month released the result of regulatory “ stress tests ” of banks , using a hypothetical scenario that assumed a deepening recession .
The tests showed a combined capital shortfall of $ 74.6 billion for a group of 10 banks which was found to require extra funding .
Each bank must submit a capital - raising plan by June 8 , and then has until November 9 to implement it .
According to Bloomberg , Greenspan also said there was still potential for a mortgage crisis and that the financial crisis was not over : “ Until the price of homes flattens out we still have a very serious potential mortgage crisis . ”
Greenspan , who headed the U.S. central bank until 2006 , also warned of the risks arising from the ongoing slump in home prices , which was threatening millions of borrowers .
“ We ’re on the edge and if this thing does n’t get resolved quickly I ’m worried . ”
He added that prices would only stabilize once the liquidation rate of single - family homes had peaked and that that had not happened yet .
Bloomberg said Greenspan estimates that U.S. gross domestic product will decline at an annual rate of 1 percent in the second quarter .
Jay Leno's EcoJet - Click above to watch the video
Now that Jay Leno 's retired from his duties hosting The Tonight Show , he may find himself with a bit more time on his hands to devote to his many automotive passions .
Jay occasionally leans towards the green end of the interesting vehicle spectrum , and that tradition looks secure as the comedian has recently been spotted out and about in his home state of California in the EcoJet concept
It 's been a few years since we last heard about the prototype car , which uses a biodiesel - powered Honeywell turbine engine mated to a rear - mounted transaxle and chassis bits from a Corvette Z06 , but it 's now apparently fully operational .
As you can clearly see in the video pasted after the break , the carbon fiber and kevlar - bodied EcoJet sounds like God 's Own Hair Dryer and draws quite a crowd when Leno randomly shows up with it it at a local car shows
A small study has shown that people tend to believe that bottled water is somehow healthier than water from the tap .
However , the research , published in the open access journal BMC Public Health , also shows that people are unsure exactly what these benefits might be and that they are rarely the main reason for choosing bottled .
Lorna
Ward led a team of researchers from the University of Birmingham who carried out interviews with users of the University 's sports centre .
She said : " The majority of participants believed that bottled water has some health benefits , but that they were not necessarily significant or superior to the benefits provided by tap water .
Convenience and taste were more influential factors for participants when deciding to buy a bottle of water " .
Bottled water was described as being more ' pure ' than tap water , and was also described as containing more ' minerals ' .
As one respondent put it ,
" I mean I know it 's good but I 'm not sure why it 's good "
However , most participants expressed doubts as to the extent of the health benefits of bottled water compared with tap water , believing that bottled water did have health benefits , but that these benefits were negligible .
The most commonly cited reason for purchasing bottled water was convenience .
The researchers conclude that , " Our results suggest that the recent surge in bottled water consumption may not be motivated by beliefs about health benefits associated with bottled water " .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
An effective logo sets the tone and public perception of your brand , and therefore careful thought and creativity must be put into constructing it .
In this article , you ’ll find a large collection of tutorials and resources on the topic of designing logos by some of the most well - respected logo designers in the industry .
Logo Design Tutorials
Designer / Author Chuck Green shows us the general process he takes when designing a logo .
Big Bocca – Illustrative Logo
This downloadable tutorial goes through the process of designing an illustrative logo .
Piranha ’s Revenge – Illustrative Logo
Artist Von. R. Glitschka discusses his creative process for designing an illustrative logo .
Logo Frustration
Take a peak into a real - world project to see an actual logo designer in action .
Creating the Logo / Identity for “ Blackberry Creek Community Church ”
You ’ll see , from start to finish , the creation of a logo for the " Blackberry Creek Community Church " .
Drawing a Good Logo
UX Developer Nathan Smith discusses his method for creating an iconic logo design .
Kristof Saelen discusses an effective course of action for updating an existing logo .
Day 30 : Designing a Logo
Learn how to create a logo design in Illustrator via this step - by - step tutorial .
My logo design process
Graphic Designer David Airey shares his logo design process , including the very important step : the design brief .
Constructing the Perfect Logo
This short tutorial goes over the general methods for constructing a logo .
Logo Design Galleries for Inspiration
LogoPond is a logo design gallery where users can upload and share their logos .
Members can leave comments / critiques , so it ’s a helpful place for getting feedback .
Logo Of The Day features one logo a day picked by a panel of judges .
The Identity Archives Project
The Identity Archives Project is a searchable database of logos and brand identity designs , it ’s useful for getting inspiration on particular topics such as " technology " or " web 2.0 " .
Logos & Logotypes on deviantART
deviantArt has a section on user - submitted logos / logotypes that you can browse through for logo design inspiration .
Logo Faves is a logo design gallery that seeks to present the best logo designs .
Check out their " Highest Rated Logos " section to see what the top logos on the site .
FAVEUP
FAVEUP is a design inspiration gallery that has a wonderful Logos section .
Users are able to vote on designs that are featured on FAVEUP .
Logo Galleria
Logo Galleria ( currently ) has over 400 logos featured in their gallery .
LogoFury.com is a frequently updated logo design gallery featuring thousands of logos .
Check out the Top Rated section to see what their users like the most .
Logospire is a logo design gallery where users can vote on , comment on , and upload logo designs .
LogoMoose is a logo design showcase site .
They have a monthly " Logo of the month " award for submitted logo designs .
LogoSauce is a logo design gallery .
Check out the " top 6 " section to view the most popular designs on the site .
lo8os
Update :
This website no longer exists .
lo80s is a highly - categorized logo design gallery .
You ’ll find categories like " Symbols " or " Household Items " on here .
LogoSurf
LogoSurf is part of BuzzShout is a logo design aggregate that displays tons of logos in one page to reduce the number of clicks you have to perform to see logo designs .
logoed is a blog - style logo design showcase for graphic designers that posts logos from various designers .
goodlogo !com is a database of logo designs .
Check out the Logo Top 250 section to see the most popular logos on the site .
Logo Design Articles
30 Brilliant Vector Logo Designs , Deconstructed
Graphic and web designer , Chris Spooner , analyzes how one would construct the featured logo designs .
Acclaimed creative team Hicksdesign discusses the method in which the Firefox logo was selected .
What Makes a Great Logo
This is an excellent article on the fundamental elements of a good logo design .
how do designers create unique identities ?
Logo designer and author Jeff Fisher ponders on the ways designers go about creating unique brands that stand out from the crowd .
Logos with a meaning
This article on creativebits examines logos that have a symbolic meaning to them , such as the FedEx logo and Sun Microsystems logo .
5 vital logo design tips
Acclaimed graphic designer David Airey shares his tips on designing logos .
Logo design company , LogoBee , shares some basic things to consider when creating a logo .
Color as Logo
Peter Windett discusses using color as your logo .
The Five Types of Marks
This back - to - basics article discusses the five main categories of logos .
Logos , Flags , and Escutcheons
A classic piece on logo design : Paul Rand discusses the meaning of logos and what makes it effective .
David Airey shares his thoughts on what makes a logo design great .
7 Logo Design Trends that have Withstood the Test of Time
Styles and trends of logos have changed throughout the years , but as this article shows , there are certain logo design elements that are as popular today as they were back in the day .
The Secret Life of Symbols
Maggie Macnab discusses the history of symbols and what they mean to us as a culture .
This article shares some basic tips on creating a logo and a tag line for it .
Wired News tells us the history of Google ’s legendary logo .
The Power of RED
This article discusses the meaning of the color red and the emotions and perceptions it invokes upon the viewer .
Logo Design Revisited .
Designer Dmitry Kirsanov revisits and analyses some of the logos he ’s done in the past .
Logo Design Showcases
Top 10 Rock Band Logos
Logo Design History
Logo Design & Branding Trends 2009
50 + Kick Ass Logos for Inspiration
30 Dual Element Logos
15 wonderfully simple logo designs
The Logos of Web 2.0
A showcase of logos that have the " Web 2.0 " look and feel .
Logo Design Flickr Groups
Design the Logo group is a popular Flickr group with over 4,000 members and 8,000 items .
This 2,000 + - member strong Flickr group showcases brands , marks , and logos from around the world .
With close to a thousand members , the Identity + Logo Design group on Flicker is a great place to hang out and gather design inspiration .
Logo Design Books
An excellent book on the topic of creating effective and successful strong brand identities .
It also outlines strategies for maintaining your brand through time and throughout the company .
A wonderful and pragmatic guide to working with logos .
If you are new to the world of logo design and want to read about designing logos – this is a great starting point .
This book analyzes 100 logos to see what features makes for an effective logo design .
It also examines the evolutions of popular logos throughout the years , and why changes to them were made .
This book is a showcase of logos from around the world .
It ’s a great book to have around to gather inspiration : I look through it before sketching and firing up Illustrator to get the creative juices flowing .
This book is about designing effective logos in today ’s competitive market where consumers are baraged with plenty of options .
How do you stand out from the sea of other logos ?
Read this book to find out .
Here is a great set of books compiled by freelance graphic designer Gino Orlandi .
Logo Design Blogs and Sites
David Airey has a section on his personal site that has a whole bunch of great logo design related posts .
Denis Radenkovic runs a weblog where each post is focused on a particular logo which is analyzed and critiqued .
Logo Design Blog
Logo Design
Blog shares news and information on logos and logo design companies .
LogoLounge .
Com is a site dedicated to logos and is a great hang - out for logo designers .
Brands of the World
Brands of the World is a site that indexes the most popular , famous brands and logos around the world .
The Logo Factor
The Logo Factor is a logo design weblog that discusses news and information on designing logos .
Brand New is a site that shares opinions on brand identity , usually in the corporate setting .
Logo Notions
Logo Notions is a web column by Jeff Fisher that has essays on the topic of designing logos .
Got more ?
Leave your favorite logo design tutorials and resources , or talk about the ones above , in the comments .
Related content
By Tim Masters
Entertainment reporter , BBC News
" It is a truth universally acknowledged that a zombie in possession of brains must be in want of more brains . "
It 's an opening line that might make Jane Austen turn in her grave - or rise from it with her arms out - stretched .
For writer Seth Grahame - Smith has taken Austen 's Regency classic and turned it into Pride and Prejudice with Zombies .
The novel , which uses the the vast majority of Austen 's original text , is being touted as the first mainstream literary " mash - up " .
It 's a bizarre mix of genres which sees Elizabeth Bennet as a kung - fu expert dedicated to wiping out the zombie menace in the quiet village of Meryton .
The publication of the book comes amid plans for a sci - fi horror film in which aliens wreak havoc on a Jane Austen - style period drama .
Elton John 's film company , Rocket Pictures , is to start filming Pride and Predator in London later this year .
Here , Grahame - Smith reveals what he thinks Austen herself would have made of all this zombie mayhem .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is LA - based Grahame - Smith 's first fiction book I have always managed to avoid Pride and Prejudice but now you 've forced me to read it by stealth .
That 's a good thing , is n't it ?
I hope there 's a lot of that going on .
I hope that people who 've never in their life picked up that book will pick this one up .
What 's been the reaction from the literary establishment ?
I was expecting to be burned in effigy to be honest .
So far the reaction has been mostly positive .
Most people have a great sense of humour about it , particularly the ' Jane - ites ' , who must prefer this to the 60th or 70th Mr Darcy 's private thoughts collection that seems to come out every year .
So how did it come about that you mashed these two genres ?
I owe the title to my editor at Quirk Books .
He 'd been wanting to do some kind of literary remix or mash - up , and he had lists of possible books .
On one side he had Wuthering Heights and Sense and Sensibility and so forth , and on the other side he had things like pirates and robots and vampires .
And one day he called me excitedly and said all I have is a title : Pride and Prejudice and Zombies .
It clicked with me as something that I needed to start immediately .
Why Pride and Prejudice and not some other work of English literature ?
Pride and Prejudice - perhaps more than any other Jane Austen book - is engrained in our literary consciousness .
And if you read through the original book it 's startling and a bit eerie how many opportunities Jane Austen left in her original work for ultra-violent zombie mayhem .
You have this sharp - tongued character in Elizabeth Bennet - it 's not that big a leap to put a sword in her hand and say she 's now a slayer of the undead .
And near Longbourn you have a regiment of soldiers camped out there for seemingly no reason at all , so again it 's not much of a leap to say : they 're there to fight the unmentionable menace .
There 's all this copyright free text available - is this a new publishing trend ?
I think we 've started a mini-trend of literary mash - ups .
I do n't know that I want to follow this book up with Sense and Sensibility and vampires , because I could easily box myself in as being the mash - up guy .
It 's inevitable that other companies are going to see that this book has been received with so much enthusiasm .
I 'm sure that as we speak someone is poring through Wuthering Heights looking for opportunities to add whatever mayhem they can to it .
Your book has about 85 % Jane Austen .
Adding the zombies must have created all sorts of continuity issues .
How did you cope with that ?
The first thing I did was to read the book twice through - I had n't read the book since I was a 14 - year - old boy and did not enjoy that process .
I actually enjoyed it when I read it again .
I got the humour and how brilliantly plotted it was and the second time through I made all sorts of notes in the margins , logistically working out that if I change something in this chapter how does it resonate throughout the book ?
I always say that the characters in Jane Austen 's original books are rather like zombies because they live in this bubble of immense wealth and privilege and no matter what 's going on around them they have a singular purpose to maintain their rank and to impress others .
What 's the latest on selling the film rights ?
There has been a lot of interest in the book as a movie .
There is a deal which is still in the works and should be closed very soon , at which point a formal and accurate announcement will be forthcoming .
Wo n't there be a clash with Rocket Pictures ' Pride and Predator film ?
I can't help but feel that I 've been somewhat buzz - jacked by Sir Elton .
I think we 'll have a Dante 's Peak / Volcano or Armegeddon / Deep Impact situation - two surprisingly similar movies released - and may the best movie win !
Which type of zombies are best ?
The ones that sprint or the ones that stagger ?
While I love movies like 28 Days Later , my favourite zombies are the George A Romero zombies of the 1960s and 1970s .
I like my zombies slow and I like my zombies stupid .
Finally what do you think Jane Austen would have made of all this ?
I think she would have a sense of humour about it .
I think that reading her again you are struck by what a sharp wit she had and how vicious she could be in taking apart the conventions of the society in which she lived .
I do n't think she'd be rolling in her grave - or trying to claw her way out of it .
I think she would smile .
And then she 'd sue me for a billion dollars .
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ( Quirk Books ) is published in the UK on 13 April .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pro-Israel forces attempt to silence University of California Santa Barbara professor
By Jack Cody
25 May 2009
On January 19 University of California Santa Barbara sociology Professor William Robinson sent an email to students on the roster of his Global Affairs course in which he compared the Israeli occupation of Gaza to the Warsaw Ghetto .
He was subsequently brought up on disciplinary charges by the Academic Senate of the university , as well as subjected to harassment and persecution by pro-Israeli elements .
The charges against Robinson pose a serious threat to academic freedom .
They are an effort to intimidate critics of Israeli policy at a time when that regime ’s actions have produced widespread revulsion .
Ultimately , the aim of such witch - hunts is to silence those opposed to the policies of one of the US government ’s key allies .
Robinson ’s January 19 email began with a strong denunciation of the Israeli assault on Gaza .
The professor , who is Jewish , wrote : “ Gaza is Israel ’s Warsaw — a vast concentration camp that confined and blockaded Palestinians , subjecting them to the slow death of malnutrition , disease and despair , nearly two years before their subjection to the quick death of Israeli bombs .
We are witness to a slow - motion process of genocide ( Websters : ‘ the systematic killing of , or a program of action intended to destroy , a whole national or ethnic group ’ ) , a process whose objective is not so much to physically eliminate each and every Palestinian than to eliminate the Palestinians as a people in any meaningful sense of the notion of people - hood . ”
Robinson then displayed a graphic set of photographs that had been circulating the Internet through email forwards .
At the time Robinson was unaware of the identity of the originator of the email , although he subsequently learned that it was a Jewish - American professor at another university .
The series juxtaposed photographs of Nazi operations and atrocities with images of Israeli crimes in Gaza .
The photo series is arranged such that each image from one time period is displayed next to a corresponding image from the other .
Pictures of the Warsaw Ghetto are on the left , Gaza on the right .
The photographs are disturbing , as is the often - uncanny similarity apparent in the side - by - side images .
The full original course material can be viewed at the Committee to Defend Academic Freedom at UCSB , a blog created in defense of Professor Robinson , and the principle of academic freedom by a group of UCSB students ( http://sb4af.wordpress.com/).
On February 9 Robinson received a copy of a letter that the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) sent , in addition to Robinson himself , to the president of the University of California system based in Oakland , the chancellor of UCSB , his dean and the chair of his department .
The ADL , a prominent defender of Israeli policy , accuses Robinson of anti-Semitism and of abusing his access to university resources by using the student mailing list to disseminate personal views unrelated to course material .
On February 19 these same accusations appeared in two official grievances filed with the university by two of Robinson ’s former students .
The pair had withdrawn from the course , unbeknownst to Robinson , because they claimed the content of the email was intimidating and , according to one student , made her “ nauseous . ”
The claims of misconduct put forth by the two students are nearly identical and are very similar to those cited in the ADL ’s February 9 letter .
The accusations against Robinson are baseless and politically motivated .
In an interview with the World Socialist Web Site , he discussed the issues involved .
“ The essence of the charges , ” Professor Robinson said , “ is that the course material I submitted was anti-Semitic , and according to these letters [ from the ADL and the two students ] , it was anti-Semitic because it was critical of the state of Israel .
That is absurd , that the condemnation of the policies of the state of Israel is equivalent to anti-Semitism .
One , anti-Semitism , is the discrimination against and oppression of a religious / ethnic group , and the other , criticism of Israel , is a condemnation of the policies of a nation - state . ”
As to the charges that the material contained in the email was unrelated to the course , Robinson responded : “ How in the world the invasion of Gaza in January is unrelated to a course on global affairs in the same month is absolutely beyond my comprehension ! ”
The UCSB catalogue describes the course as a “ [ s] urvey of the principal theories and debates in globalization studies , with a focus on economic , political and cultural transnational processes . ”
According to this description , the military occupation of one sovereign territory by another is clearly highly relevant to such a course .
“ On March 9 , ” Robinson pointed out , “ Abraham Foxman , the president of the ADL convenes a meeting on the campus of the University of California Santa Barbara with about ten faculty members and two deans .
Some people at the meeting assume the purpose of the meeting was to search for a chair of the Jewish Studies program , but when the meeting starts , Foxman announces that the only thing on his agenda is the demand that I be prosecuted .
“ On March 25 the university announces it is opening up a formal inquiry , a formal investigation of me and bringing me up on charges of possible violation of the faculty code of conduct .
What is going on here is a tremendous assault on academic freedom ; an assault in which the community has been complicit , and an assault which has been orchestrated from outside the university by the Israel lobby .
“ What became clear is that the entire grievance process had been orchestrated from the outside by the Israel lobby .
This is part of a more systematic campaign .
The Israel lobby goes after anyone and everyone that criticizes the state of Israel .
“ What is particularly egregious in this case , ” says Robinson , “ is that the University of California Santa Barbara is undermining academic freedom , bringing shame to the university .
Some university officials have been complicit with this attack against me and this attack against academic freedom .
We have documented a whole series of procedural irregularities . ”
Professor Robinson has received strong support from students and professors on the campus , as well as concerned members of the local community .
A group of students created the Committee To Defend Academic Freedom at UCSB and launched a Web site documenting up - to - date details of the Robinson case and mobilizing resources to counter the pro-Israeli forces .
“ Students on the campus , graduates and undergraduates , when they heard of this , became enraged , ” says Robinson .
“ They feel that the integrity of their own education is under threat . ”
A forum to discuss academic freedom originally scheduled to take place on the campus of UCSB on May 7 was put off until May 21 to make arrangements to accommodate a larger audience due to the amount of popular interest over the Robinson case within the Santa Barbara community .
This page has moved to http://dracula-lang.github.io/index.html.
Stephen Wolfram - the lovable George Costanza of the mathematics community who developed the invaluable Mathematica suite and wrote the much talked about but quickly forgotten " A New Kind of Science ” - is trying his hand at artificial intelligence .
His new project , Wolfram Alpha , set to go live in May , combines natural language processing with machine understanding .
You 'll be able to get succinct answers to questions like " When was Google 's stock at $ 300 per share ? " or " How much did it snow in New England last year ? ” Allegedly .
It 's a noble goal , to aggregate human knowledge in a large machine brain that 's able to answer questions .
The problem is :
We already have Wikipedia and Google that - together - get the job done well enough .
So , Wolfram Alpha seems more like a science fair project than a serious stab at machine intelligence .
In a company blog post announcing it , Stephen Wolfram himself says that his new project started as a would n't - it - be - neat - if brainstorm .
" Fifty years ago , when computers were young , people assumed that they ’d quickly be able to handle [ systematic knowledge ] .
And that one would be able to ask a computer any factual question , and have it compute the answer .
But it did n’t work out that way .
Computers have been able to do many remarkable and unexpected things .
But not that . ”
Yes , true , computers have not yet been able to process knowledge on the level promised by science fiction novels of the nineteen fifties , but why not ?
It 's not for lack of trying .
AI researchers decades ago spent a lot of time and money and programmed a lot of Lisp , only to come up with a therapist named Eliza with whom you can hold a hollow conversation without the $ 150 per hour fee .
It 's not as if this year computers finally became powerful enough for proper machine understanding .
No , computers have n't solved this problem because there are no people who actually need it solved .
Stephen Wolfram has a history of being the answer to a question that nobody asked .
His 2002 self - published manifesto , “ A New Kind of Science ” ( abbreviated NKS for those of you who prefer the Church of Scientology method of using acronyms to make yourself sound more serious ) , ruffled some feathers in the scientific community .
Wolfram argued that studying simple cellular automata , similar to Conway 's Game of Life , will lead to greater discoveries in science .
NKS was criticized for being an answer without a question , and it's possible that Wolfram is using this new project as a justification for his book :
" I ’d always thought , though , that eventually [ machine understanding ] should be possible .
And a few years ago , I realized that I was finally in a position to try to do it .
I had two crucial ingredients : Mathematica and NKS .
With Mathematica , I had a symbolic language to represent anything — as well as the algorithmic power to do any kind of computation .
And with NKS , I had a paradigm for understanding how all sorts of complexity could arise from simple rules . "
If you focus your attention and listen closely , you can hear his ego approaching critical mass , preparing to implode on itself .
Business school lecture aside , Wolfram does deserve some credit where it is due .
The Mathematica software package has been - and will continue to be - a critical resource for many people who work in quantitative science .
Wolfram Alpha is built on top of Mathematica , which shows how wide a range of problems this software can solve .
So , is machine understanding a new and upcoming feature in the next version of the world 's most expensive scientific calculator ?
Unlikely .
From the announcement of Wolfram Alpha :
" Some people have thought the way forward must be to somehow automatically understand the natural language that exists on the web .
Perhaps getting the web semantically tagged to make that easier .
But armed with Mathematica and NKS I realized there ’s another way : explicitly implement methods and models , as algorithms , and explicitly curate all data so that it is immediately computable . "
If you 've ever dealt with real world machine learning , your snake oil detector should be deafening you right now .
Explicitly curate all the data ?
Surely , Stephen , you have come up with an elegant mathematical solution to do this ?
After all , anybody who has done real world machine learning will tell you that the vast majority of your time is spent cleaning the data .
It 's a cruel twist that academics who teach machine learning gloss over the most important part and simply focus on the clean mathematical models .
So , if this were a real breakthrough in machine intelligence , the input would be essentially arbitrary , but how does Wolfram Alpha do it ?
" Every different kind of method and model — and data — has its own special features and character .
With a mixture of Mathematica and NKS automation , and a lot of human experts , I ’m happy to say that we ’ve gotten a very long way . "
That sounds an awful lot like the marriage of some Python scripts with a few hundred bucks spent hiring third world workers through Amazon Mechanical Turk .
Given that , Wolfram Alpha does n't seem terribly innovative .
Correct me if I am wrong , and I know you will , but there was a programming language in 1972 called Prolog that could take carefully curated declarative statements and allow you to run logical queries over them .
Something like " If the standard rate of chucking is 10 logs per minute , and all woodchucks can chuck , how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? ”
Fortunately , the full on boot to the face of media hype has n't started yet .
This is a bit of a curiosity , because Wolfram Alpha makes for a good " underfunded , smart guy taking on Google . ”
We heard that story with Powerset and Cuil , both of which amounted to nothing more than a comedy act .
Who knows , maybe Stephen Wolfram really is cooking up something .
Maybe he 's just feeding his ego .
In May , we 'll get to see how useful the system really is .
Whichever the case may be , answering the question " When was Google 's stock at $ 300 ? " is a parlor trick .
Answering the question " When will Google 's stock be worth $ 300 " - that might be worth something . ®
Ted Dziuba is a co-founder at Milo.com
You can read his regular Reg column , Fail and You , every other Monday .
Beth Kanter , author of Beth's Blog , is the 2009 Scholar in Residence at the Packard Foundation and was named one of Business Week 's " Voices of Innovation for Social Media . "
When I started my blog in 2003 , only a handful of nonprofit techies were experimenting with the social media .
As Marnie Webb from TechSoup Global recalls , " The throw away line was social media was n't for organizations but people who wanted to share what their cats ate for breakfast . "
Six years later , the landscape has changed .
Organizations are flocking to the social web , although most in the last two years .
Non-profit organizations that have embraced social media with a " listen , fail informatively , and evolve approach " are seeing results .
Social media is beginning to transform non-profits both in the way they work as well as their relationships with constituents .
1. Deepening relationships and Engagement
Over the past five years ,
The March of Dimes has used social media to nurture its online community , Share Your Story .
It is one of the better examples of how non-profits can use social media to empower supporters without having to control it .
A few weeks ago , the March of Dimes supporters came out in droves for a networked memorial service for a toddler named Maddie .
The community raised tens of thousands of dollars for the March of Dimes in Maddie 's memory as well as covering the funeral costs for the family .
The organization did little to stage this event .
The March of Dimes has embraced openness and inspired their stakeholders to feel empowered enough to take action on their own .
2. Individuals & small groups are self - organizing around non-profit causes
Social media is enabling individuals to create , join , and grow groups around issues they care about outside of the direct control of a non-profit .
Whether flash activists or fundraising events like Twestival , activities like these are on the rise .
Social software design is also helping accelerate this trend .
Look no further than the Facebook Causes Birthday application that encourages an individual who is a member of a Cause to use their birthday as an excuse to raise money for a non-profit organization .
DonorsChoose recently launched a similar feature called “ Birthday Give Back , " with Stephen Colbert leading the charge .
And keep an eye out for more social apps with a conscience that will offer even more creative ways for supporters to self - organize and take action around causes .
As non-profits begin to engage their own communities in these online conversations , they are able to reach more people than ever before , and using less effort doing so .
As Maddie Grant , a partner at Social Fish , observes , “ We can all be change agents and that has to be good for the entire non-profit industry , as long as organizations adapt to this new way of being part of a two - way conversation and groundswell of social responsibility . "
3. Facilitating collaboration and crowdsourcing
The social web lets people who work in non-profit organizations connect and collaborate informally across institutional boundaries quickly and inexpensively .
Non-profit organizations are also collaborating with their supporters by crowdsourcing ideas , feedback , and content for programs .
Lights , Camera Action , Help Film Festival , which was created to promote the idea of films - for - a- cause , was a collaboration that happened across different non-profits by individuals connecting on the social web .
Another example is WeAreMedia , a wiki project where over 100 non -profit technology professionals have pooled knowledge resources and developed training materials to help non-profits learn how to use social media effectively .
The initial content was facilitated through discussions on blogs , Twitter , and Facebook .
Now , presentations are being remixed and delivered as trainings to non-profits at conferences and workshops across the country .
An interesting example of crowdsourcing by a nonprofit comes from Michael Tilson Thomas , artistic director of the San Francisco Symphony with the recent performance of the YouTube Symphony Orchestra .
The performers were selected from thousands of video auditions from around the globe .
The finalists were winnowed down by a jury of professional musicians , not unlike a traditional audition , but the winners were crowdsourced by YouTube users via online voting .
The resulting " mashed up " symphony orchestra , had more than 90 players representing over 30 countries .
4. Social change behind the firewall
We know that for many non-profits , adopting social media requires a culture shift before it can be successful .
And , while that is certainly true for a lot of organizations , a number have been effective in introducing social media to help change the culture , flatten hierarchical structures , speed decision - making , improve programs and services .
The American Red Cross has been an early adopter of social media , beginning with listening strategies in 2006 .
According to Social Media Strategist Wendy Harman the intent was to “ prevent people from saying nasty things about the Red Cross on the Web . ”
As they discovered in their organizational listening efforts , there were some vocal critics , but most mentions were enthusiastic and supportive of the Red Cross .
Harman has documented many different stories and shared these internally .
Through listening the organization has come to view social media listening as a valuable market research channel and has even changed some social media skeptics to supporters .
Danielle Brigidia , who is responsible for social media strategy for National Wild Life Federation , says " Internally , we have started to focus on cross- promoting our ideas and programs more thanks to social media tools like Yammer ( internal Twitter ) . "
Carrie Lewis , social networking strategist for the Humane Society of the US , observes how their Internet is now working differently .
“ We have daily 9 minute meetings .
Short meetings have helped them be more efficient and effective with every aspect of social media campaigns . ”
Conclusion
We ’re just at the beginning of seeing how social media is impacting how non-profits engage with their supporters and do their work .
As more and more non-profits adopt social media and their practice improves over time , we will no doubt see a transformation of the non-profit sector .
More charitable social media resources from Mashable
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , JamesBrey
ISU psychologists Douglas Gentile ( left ) and Craig Anderson ( right ) are two of the lead researchers in a new study finding some non-violent video games can teach kids to be more cooperative and helpful of others .
Photo by Bob Elbert .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Previous research by Iowa State University psychologists has found that violent video games can teach children to be aggressive , producing more aggressive behaviors over time .
But according to new research led by those same psychologists , the opposite is also true -- some non-violent video games can teach kids to be more cooperative and helpful to others .
Youth of multiple ages ( fifth - grade to college - aged ) from three countries participated in studies of " prosocial " video games -- positive games in which characters help others .
Across the three countries studied , students who played prosocial video games also behaved in a more prosocial manner .
Douglas Gentile , an assistant professor of psychology at Iowa State and director of research for the Minneapolis - based National Institute on Media and the Family , led the team of 12 researchers .
ISU Distinguished Professor of Psychology Craig Anderson -- who serves as director of ISU 's Center for the Study of Violence -- and psychology graduate student Muniba Saleem also participated in a paper summarizing the results titled , " The Effects of Prosocial Video Games on Prosocial Behaviors : International Evidence From Correlational , Longitudinal , and Experimental Studies . "
The paper has been released online and will be published in a future issue of the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin .
The paper reports that a survey of 727 middle - school students from Singapore found those who played prosocial games exhibited more cooperation and empathy .
In a longitudinal study of 780 fifth - grade , and 1,050 eighth - and 11th - grade students from Japan , prosocial game play predicted later increases in prosocial behavior over a three - to four - month time span .
And in an experimental study of 161 American college students , those who were randomly assigned to play prosocial games ( Chibi Robo and Super Mario Sunshine ) behaved more prosocially toward another student in a subsequent task than those who played either neutral ( Pure Pinball and Super Monkey Ball Deluxe ) or violent video games ( Ty2 or Crash Trinsanity ) .
Those who played the violent games engaged in more harmful behaviors toward other students .
" Video games are not inherently good or bad , " wrote the researchers in the paper .
" Video games can have both positive and negative effects .
" Content matters , and games are excellent teachers , " they continued .
" Violent content in video games can lead people to behave more aggressively .
Prosocial content , in contrast , can lead people to behave in a more cooperative and helpful manner . "
The researchers conclude that the similar results across different methodologies , ages and cultures provide strong evidence of a prosocial game content effect .
They also support the General Learning Model , which predicts that the kinds of associations that are activated and formed by a video game depend on the content of the game .
" This set of studies demonstrates why it is so critical that parents pay attention to the types of games that children play , " Gentile said .
" Games can have many benefits , but parents need to help choose the games that are most likely to get maximum benefits . "
The complete paper is available online through the journal at psp.sagepub.com /pap.dtl .
Provided by Iowa State University of Science and Technology
Explore further Study : Violent videos desensitize people
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Police in northern Germany are searching for a man who tried to walk out of a supermarket with 68 tubes of toothpaste stuffed into his clothing .
“ We do n’t know if he had bad teeth , ” a police spokeswoman in Rostock said Friday .
Noticing his bulging jacket , a store worker grabbed the man when he refused to stop and the tubes of toothpaste spilled all over the floor , police said .
The thief struck the woman in the face and ran out .
Mickey Mouse Last Supper
One of several works by pop artist and culture jammer Ron English .
This is one of my favourites as I like that the disciples are divided between Disney and Warner Bros.
characters all looking to Mickey Mouse , the first cartoon superstar , as Jesus .
What puts it to the top though is cartoon spokesperson Joe Camel as Judas .
Nice .
Oops , made an error right on the first one , as has been pointed out by a few , including Drunken Chud : “ Joe Camel is not Judas , he ’s Peter .
Pluto is Judas , notice the bag in his hand . ”
Right you are , and it makes far more sense for Pluto to be Mickey ’s Judas .
And making a cigarette spokesman represent the future head of the church is a much harsher commentary .
Sopranos Last Supper
Famed celebrity photographer Annie Leibowitz captured The Sopranos Jesus Christ pose in 1999 , with Tony as the central figure in this mob of disciples and his treacherous mother Livia as Judas .
Who will take on that role as the series wraps up ?
Simpsons Last Supper
Depicting Homer Simpson with his beer - swilling disciples at Moe ’s is inspired , but my one complaint is how many minor characters there are in the bar , making some guy I do n’t even recognize as Judas .
The image comes from the end of Thank God It ’s Doomsday .
Superman ’s Last Supper
Superman as the Christ figure is a no- brainer but my superhero knowledge is spotty so I ca n’t name a number of the disciples and I do n’t know who Judas is .
Anyone ?
From Chris Power : “ Appears to be from the Morrison era of the JLA .
The people in the picture from left to right are : Orion , Big Barda , Steel , Flash ( Wally West ) , Green Lantern ( Kyle Rayner ) , Wonder Woman , Superman , Aquaman , Batman , Huntress , Zuriel , Plastic Man , Martian Manhunter . ”
The Last Pancake Supper
Two depictions of the disciples as breakfast cereal mascots with Aunt Jemimah as the Christ figure and Cap’n Crunch as Judas .
They were created by two different artists , in two different countries , four years apart , but there are some striking similarities .
The above work – The Last Pancake Supper – was painted by Dick Detzner in 2000 .
From Anonymous : “ ACTUALLY – That is Mrs. Butterworth sitting in the Christ seat , not Aunt Jemima – Aunt Jemima is to Butterworth ’s right in the St. John position . ”
The Last Breakfast
The Last Breakfast was painted by Aubrey Hallis in 1996 .
Did Detzner copy him ?
It ’s possible , but as evidenced by the collection here , copying The Last Supper is not a completely original concept .
In any case , I like both of their ideas , mostly as sugar cereals have been more a part of my daily life than the Bible ever has .
Cereal Mascot Last Supper
Another great Last Supper depiction by Ron English and lo and behold he places Cap ’n Crunch as Judas as well .
This leads me to believe two things : great minds think alike and people really hate the Cap’n .
I do n’t understand the bad rap – all he ever did was fight the evil Soggies .
If anyone was ever going to sell you out it would be the Trix rabbit .
He ’d do anything for a bowl of that stuff .
Sesame Street Last Supper
I accept Big Bird as the Saviour , but why would Cookie Monster betray him ?
I suppose it would be very easy to bribe him with cookies .
Brought to you by the letters J and C .
Star Wars Last Supper
Eric Deschamps was commissioned to paint this by Giant magazine before the final Star Wars installment was released .
From the painter : “ They wanted selected Star Wars characters in the Last Supper .
I started out staying really close to the poses in the actual last supper painting then ended up straying away from them a bit to make the wide range of characters fit . ”
I would have preferred to see Boba Fett as Judas instead of Han Solo or Chewbacca ( I ca n’t tell who it ’s supposed to be ) but I suppose that is one of the difficulties when placing all the characters into a preset image .
Donkey Kong ’s Last Supper
I love the Nintendo world of Misha ‘s Donkey Kong ’s Last Supper , especially the pipes as the table legs .
Having Mario as his Judas is a perfect choice too .
From Billy : “ Left to right : Q - Bert , one of the dinosaurs from Bubble Bobble , Centipede ( from Centipede ) , the dog from Duck Hunt , Mario , Princess Peach / Toadstool , Donkey Kong , Luigi , I ’m not sure what that red floating thing is at all , Link , Frogger , Bomberman , and Pacman .
Under the table is a Ba-bomb . ”
Update : Many , many people have pointed out the “ red floating thing ” is Dig Dug .
Thanks all .
The Last Software
Another take on the video game theme , titled The Last Software featuring characters from competing gaming platforms .
From left to right , Pac - Man , Q*bert , Frogger , Donkey Kong , Mario , Pauline ( Nintendo ) , a literal Atari Jaguar , Sonic the Hedgehog , Knuckles the Echidna , Princess Sally , Earthworm Jim , Gex and Crash Bandicoot .
From Billy : “ The game systems on the table are in front of their corresponding character , starting with The Atari 2600 , and ending with the original Playstation .
I wish I could identify them all , but alas , my vision is n’t that good .
I do see though the Intellivision , ( and probably Coleco Vision ) , the original NES , Super Nintendo , N64 , Sega Genesis , Sega CD , Sega Megadrive , and what might be the Sega Gamegear .
Can anyone else identify those others ? ”
Hollywood Last Super
You ’d think there would be more versions of the Last Supper featuring Hollywood celebs as the apostles but this was one of the only ones I could find , featuring Marilyn Monroe in the Christ seat .
She ’s a great choice as she was sacrificed for fame and celebrity .
Clark Gable is depicted as Judas but I do n’t know why .
Any guesses ?
From shananashawna : “ [ The Misfits ] was the last movie for [ Clark Gable as Marilyn Monroe ] and a lot of crap went on .
Gable said Monroe nearly gave him a heart attack with all the trouble she caused and he did indeed have a heart attack shortly after and died .
Maybe Monroe should be Gable ’s Judas . ”
Yet another Ron English take on the final diner with an interesting yet peculiar selection of disciples for King Mickey , from Bart Simpson and teletubby Tinky Winky to Olive Oyl and Frankenstein .
King Kong holds the Judas slot ( and Marge Simpson ) .
That 7o ’s show Last Supper
A screengrab from an early episode of That 7o ’s show called The Streaking .
Not too badly done considering they only had six characters to work with .
M.A.S.H. Last Supper
Back in the real 1970s , director Robert Altman shot a scene in his classic film M.A.S.H. , showing he surgeons in a familiar pose .
Ronald ’s Last Supper
McDonalds is a popular target for Last Supper parodies .
I suppose everyone imagines that the restaurants are so ubiquitous now that is likely where the the final meal would be held .
The Last Happy Meal
The Last Happy Meal is more of a cartoonish of a take on da Vinci ’s work , but the free toy is a great kicker .
I also love the inclusion of some long discarded characters like Mac Tonight and Captain Crook .
Last Supper McSupersized
Last Supper McSupersized is another classic from Ron English and was featured in Morgan Spurlock ’s documentary Supersize Me .
The Very Last Supper
One final take on the McDonalds theme with the interesting detail being Grimace depicted as Judas and not the Hamburglar , as most of the rest of the parodies used .
It ’s always the one you least suspect .
In the detailed view you can see that Grimace is wearing a Burger King hat — his version of a bag of gold , I suppose .
Titled The Very Last Supper , by Jim Thompson , it was painted on the back of a pizza box , which is a fitting touch .
James Wood ’s Last Supper
This one I have no explanation for at all .
A table filled with James Woods except for Robocop , from artist Brandon Bird .
Sure , why not ?
Lego Last Supper
The last of the series is n’t so much a parody , I just really like Lego .
Lego Brick Last Supper
I mentioned how much I like Lego , did n’t I ?
Here ’s another version .
UPDATE : Since my first posting Last Supper parodies have hit the media cycle when a poster of Jesus and his disciples as “ half - naked homosexual sadomasochists ” sparked controversy at the Folsom Street Fair in San Francisco .
The parody showed the fetish - wearing disciples and a table covered in sex toys – much like you might suspect to see at an event that closes Leather Pride Week .
The Catholic League and Concerned Women for America flipped out and pressured sponsor Miller Brewing to pull its logo from the poster .
It ’s ridiculous as there has n’t been anywhere near the amount of controversy over the 21 parodies listed above .
You can read a full account of the incident and an excellent critique of the poster at Queering the Last Supper .
The upside of it all , at least for me , is that it revealed a few more versions of the Supper .
Thanks to Dan Savage for the link and the large collection , both pop culture and otherwise .
Popeye Last Supper
Artist * ATLbladerunner ’s Popeye parody , titled Supper At Sea is described thusly :
All of the characters are from the Thimble Theater strip by E.C. Segar , which later became just the Popeye comic strip .
I tried to keep most of the characters in the same positions as the apostles are in Leonardo ’s version , and tried to put in a few little fun things relating to the original .
For instance , putting Olive in the same place as the apostle John , who some believe to be Mary Magdelene .
I also had to put Brutus in the place of Judas Iscariot , and have him holding money ( pieces of silver ) .
From Left to right – Alice the Goon , the Sea Hag , Poopdeck Pappy , Brutus , Professor O.G. Wattasnozzle , Olive Oyl , Popeye , the Jeep , J. Wellington Wimpy , Rough House the cook , Swee ’ Pea , George Geezil , Castor Oyl .
Phish Last Supper
The Phinal Supper , featuring the members of Phish .
I do n’t know anything about the band other than I ’m sure some of their followers feel like disciples .
Go here for a further explanation .
Sean Connery Last Supper
I found this one at You ’re The Man Now Dog .
It looks like Sean Connery is Christ and his Judas appears to be George W. Bush .
I have no idea why .
Some of his disciples are Batman , Bill Cosby , Conan O’Brien , Chewie and Patrick Stewart .
I also think there is Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones , but I ca n’t be sure .
Seem the choices are not as haphazard as I ’d assumed .
From anonymous :
“ The characters are not chosen at random those are the most prevalent characters posted on YTMND . ”
From Billy : “ Left to right : Milton ( Stephen Root ) from Office Space , Dolph Lundgren I think , Patrick Stewart , G.W. Bush , Brian Peepers , Lindsey Lohan , Sean Connery , Andy Millanakis ? , Batman ( Adam West version ) , Chewbacka , Indiana Jones ( Harrison Ford ) , Conan O’Brian , and Bill Cosby . ”
House Last Supper
I do n’t watch House ( I ’m not a big fan of medical shows , Scrubs being the exception ) but this Season Four promotional figure is beautifully done .
Set in an operating room with a patient for a table , it mimics da Vinci ’s Last Supper perfectly .
I ’ll leave it to fans to explain who is Judas and why .
From hjm : “ I do n’t think anyone in the picture is supposed to be ‘ Judas . ’
Even though Dr. Chase sits at the right spot for it , him being ‘ Judas ’ would not make sense in a promotional picture for the fourth season in which he plays a minor role ( if it were for one of the previous seasons , then yes , sure ) .
Surely , this might change .
However , if you look at the picture , you might consider it odd , showing only 11 ‘ disciples ’ .
Thus , it is most likely that the missing person is the one who could be considered ‘ Judas ’ in the fourth season ( maybe ‘ Cut - Throat Bitch ’ ) .
As a promotional picture it would have been unwise to depict that ‘ Judas ’ and giving away a such important clue as to what the ‘ Judas - character might be up to in the course of that season . ”
Tarantino Last Supper
I expect Quentin Tarantino really does see himself as a Christ - figure , surrounded by his blood - thirsty disciples .
There ’s a Last Supper that will end in a gunfight of biblical proportions .
Artist David Laird went a little overboard with the number of characters , nor does the layout does n’t make it simple to determine the Judas figure , but I would place my money on Bill .
It ’s nice that he puts The Bride by Tarantino ’s side , in a nod to the theory that the figure to the left of Christ in the original painting is Mary Magdalene .
i Phone Last Supper
The iPhone Supper is a nice riff on the ascendence of the iPhone , but it could have been so much better .
How about a pink iPod Nano to the left of the Iphone and maybe a Zune in the Judas spot .
But hey , I ’m just the aggregator , not the artist .
Cookie Last Supper
The Last Snack , a photo by Tom Altany , was nominated for the International Color Award for color photography ( Advertising category ) in 2006 .
Not much to say about this other than it makes me hungry .
Would His blood be chocolate milk ?
Their exploits have turned the inky - blue waters of the Indian Ocean into a perilous gantlet for ships and an unlikely security challenge for world leaders .
But behind the bare brick walls of a desolate former British colonial prison here , five jailed Somali pirates did n't seem very fearsome at all .
One looked to be in his late 40s , his brambly hair stained a deep henna orange , his milky eyes staring into the middle distance .
A slightly younger man clutched a faded sarong to his matchstick waist and spoke in barely a whisper .
The leader of the pirate crew , 38 - year - old Farah Ismail Eid , wore such a hungry look that a visiting government official , unsolicited , folded a pale $ 10 bill into his sandpaper palm .
That a few hundred men like these have wreaked so much havoc in the seas off of East Africa is a testament to the sheer power of guts and greed .
It 's also a stark illustration of the all - consuming anarchy ashore in Somalia , where , after 18 years of conflict , jobs are scarce , guns are plentiful , men will risk everything for a payday — and their government is too weak and corrupt to stop them .
The men behind bars , however , offered another explanation for piracy .
Their story is also rooted in greed — not of their brazen colleagues with the million - dollar ransoms , they say , but of foreign companies that they say have profited from Somalia 's lawlessness by fishing illegally in their waters since the 1990s .
In a long interview with McClatchy at the jailhouse in Mandhera , an austere desert fortress in the autonomous northern region of Somaliland , where British forces held Italian POWs during World War II , Eid related what amounts to the pirates ' creation myth , in which overfishing by European and Asian trawlers drove Somalia 's coastal communities to ruin and forced local fishermen to fight for their livelihoods .
" Now the international community is shouting about piracy .
But long before this , we were shouting to the world about our problems , " said Eid , a bony - cheeked former lobsterman with a bushy goatee .
" No one listened . "
Of course , the pirates ' journey from vigilante coast guard to firing automatic weapons at cruise ships — as one band did over the weekend — is a reminder that good intentions do n't last long in desperate Somalia .
In 1991 , Eid was scavenging for lobsters along the craggy shores of central Somalia , saving to start a fishing company , when the government and its security forces were swallowed up in a coup .
The country 's endless coastline — at nearly 2,000 miles , it 's longer than the U.S. West Coast — suddenly became an unguarded supermarket of tuna , mackerel and other fish .
When huge foreign trawlers suddenly began appearing , the local fishermen who plied their trade with simple nets and small fiberglass boats were wiped out , Eid said .
" They fished everything — sharks , lobsters , eggs , " he recalled .
" They collided with our boats .
They came with giant nets and swept everything out of the sea . "
At the outset , fishermen in the ramshackle ports of Puntland , Somaliland 's rowdy neighbor , re-branded themselves as " coast guards . "
The first hijackings that Eid remembered came in 1997 , when pirates from the port of Hobyo seized a Chinese fishing vessel and then held a Kenyan ship for a $ 500,000 ransom .
" When I heard about this , " Eid said , " I was happy . "
Eid had sunk his savings into three boats .
In 2005 , with catches all too rare and a wife and two children to support , he traded his fishing equipment for a couple of Kalashnikov rifles and rocket launchers in a market in the wild - west port of Bossasso .
He and five other fishermen , swathed in camouflage , piled into a motorized skiff and set off from the village of Garacad .
But their motor was too feeble to catch up to any of the ships they spotted , so after five sweltering days they returned to shore .
The next year Eid tried with a stronger engine , a German one imported from Dubai .
This time , the novice pirates caught up to a cargo ship and came face to face with its European crew .
But Eid's men could n't prop their heavy metal ladder up against the freighter 's hull quickly enough to board the ship .
The vessel escaped unmolested .
Global Witness , a London - based group that investigates natural resource exploitation , agrees that vessels from countries such as France , Spain , Indonesia , and South Korea gobbled up hundreds of millions of dollars ' worth of fish from Somali waters without licenses .
However , experts say that the foreign fishing was n't necessarily illegal because the Somali government , even before the coup , did n't delineate its territorial waters , as international maritime laws require .
" In the early to mid-1990s there was some fishing in those waters that , if Somalia had a government that was performing its job , would have demanded licensing fees for , " said J. Peter Pham , a piracy expert at James Madison University in Harrisonburg , Va .
" But the Somalis never got around to declaring what was legal and illegal . "
Somali officials do n't argue with the pirates ' version of events — only with their tactics .
" We know they have their grievances , " said Abdillahi Mohamed Duale , the foreign minister of Somaliland , which declared independence from Somalia in 1991 .
" But the problem of overfishing has always been there , in the Caribbean , Latin America and the Indian Ocean .
It does n't mean that you take the law into your own hands . "
Entering this week , there 'd been 93 hijack attempts off the coast in 2009 , according to the International Maritime Bureau in London — 17 fewer than in all of last year .
After a tense , five - day standoff this month ended with U.S. Navy sharpshooters killing three pirates and rescuing an American ship captain they 'd taken hostage , countries pledged $ 213 million to bolster the Somali security forces .
In Puntland , the pirates have a comfortably chaotic haven .
Markets carry everything from automatic weapons to spare batteries for satellite phones , standard equipment for any seagoing bandit .
A regional government claims to rule the area , but many suspect that the president , Abdirahman Mohamed Farole , is on the take from pirates , which Farole denies .
According to Eid and others , some officers from Somalia 's erstwhile marine corps and coast guard , which patrolled the shores skillfully until the civil war , are training pirate groups in navigation and other seafaring techniques .
" If 20 pirate groups go to sea , one will succeed " in capturing a ship , Eid said .
" Nineteen will fail , but they 'll keep trying .
They have all the equipment and support they need . "
Somaliland says it 's cracking down on pirates .
Four groups of pirates — 26 men in all — have been arrested , and three of the groups are serving 15 - to 20 - year prison sentences .
Last August , Somaliland authorities raided a seaside guesthouse and captured Eid , who'd moved there and was posing as a mechanic .
He and four others were charged with weapons possession and plotting a hijacking , and swiftly sentenced to 15 - year prison terms despite having never carried out an attack .
" We are afraid this piracy could spread to Somaliland , " said Youssef Essa , Somaliland 's vice minister of justice .
" That 's why we have to give harsh sentences . "
Nevertheless , Essa , a former high school teacher , seemed impressed with Eid 's story .
After listening for over an hour , he rose to shake the younger man 's hand and handed him $ 10 .
Afterward , he and the silver - haired warden agreed that Eid probably would spend the money on khat , a narcotic leaf that Somali men chew to get high .
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
Decision to fire on pirates came quickly after five - day standoff
' No cowards ' :
How ship 's crew fought off Somali pirates
Give us more money and we 'll fight the pirates , Somalia says
By Laura Trevelyan
UN correspondent , BBC News
Some 30 % of Cambodians are thought to live in poverty Developing countries have called for more money to help them out amid the global financial crisis , on the first day of a UN meeting .
Negotiators say they believe a tentative agreement on what the meeting will produce has been struck .
While the crisis began in America , the poorest countries are now being hit as their exports fall and migrant workers send less money back home .
Poor nations are seeking stimulus plans to revive their flagging economies .
Zimbabwean Vice - President Joice Mujuru told the BBC if the international community did not provide Zimbabwe with a financial stimulus plan , it would be failing in its duty .
" Now we are an inclusive government so there is no excuse for calling us this or that , and we are expecting them to support us , so that the inclusive government comes up successfully and is able to push on with the programmes that we have set for ourselves , " she said .
' Missed opportunity '
Negotiations over what action this conference should call for have been fraught .
Many of the developed countries did want specifically to commit at this point to dollar amounts for a stimulus because they , of course , are also struggling with their own stimulus packages
Camillo Gonsalves
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ambassador to the UN Western diplomats accused the Nicaraguan president of the UN General Assembly , Fr Miguel D'Escoto Brockmann , of trying to put global capitalism on trial .
Now it seems a tentative agreement has been reached .
Draft proposals call for increased aid and debt relief for poor countries to be considered but there is no commitment to a developing world stimulus plan .
Ambassador Camillo Gonsalves of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , one of the chief negotiators , told the BBC why : " Many of the developed countries did want specifically to commit at this point to dollar amounts for a stimulus because they , of course , are also struggling with their own stimulus packages and addressing the crisis nationally , from their own perspective . "
" So what the document attempts to do is to set up a framework to carry this process forward . "
Diplomats say the US is not happy with proposals which it fears could lead to developing countries being allowed to run up debts they will not be able to repay .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Less well - off nations had wanted a clear commitment to a follow - up conference , to make sure any action agreed at this one was was actually taken .
Instead there is language on a working group .
A proposal for a UN global economic council to oversee the work of the World Bank and the IMF has been dropped .
Critics call this conference a missed opportunity but supporters say it is giving the developing world a voice in this financial crisis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
News in Science
CSIRO settles on wireless patent
Australia 's government - funded science organisation has settled its legal battle over the use of its patented Wi -Fi technology , which will be used to fund further research , says its chief executive .
Legal action in the United States between the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) and a number of global computing giants came to an end yesterday , with the last of 14 companies opting for confidential settlements with the scientific agency .
The issue at the heart of the dispute was the unauthorised use of patented wireless network technology , which the CSIRO patented in 1996 , by some of the biggest names in the technology industry including Microsoft , Nintendo and Hewlett Packard .
Despite the patent , the companies proceeded to adopt the technology as industry standard on most computers and laptops , with no royalties flowing onto the CSIRO .
The CSIRO won a case in the US Federal Court against Japanese Buffalo Technologies in June 2007 , and on the back of that win it decided to pursue more companies in defence of its patent .
Companies including Apple and Intel launched counter - cases in an attempt to invalidate the patent , meaning Australia 's premier scientific agency has been embroiled in four separate cases against the companies .
But there has been a steady stream of confidential settlements over the past few weeks .
While the details of the settlements remain confidential , they represent a level of recognition by the companies that the CSIRO owns the intellectual property on the wireless local area network ( WLAN ) technology .
Billions in royalties
It is unclear how much money has flowed to the CSIRO , but experts say the technology would be worth billions of dollars if royalties were paid on an ongoing basis .
In recognition of their potential liability if this were to occur , all 14 companies chose to settle with the CSIRO , which said it was pleased with the outcome .
" The WLAN technology was invented by an Australia team of scientists and so this has been an important activity for CSIRO , " sasy CSIRO chief executive Megan Clark .
" CSIRO will continue to defend intellectual property developed from research undertaken on behalf of the Australian taxpayer . "
The windfall from the 14 settlements is expected to give a significant boost to the agency 's coffers .
" The commercial proceeds from CSIRO 's licensing programs are invested into further research that will be for the benefit of Australia , " says Clark .
The patent was for IEEE 802.11a and 802.11g Wi -Fi products , and the settlements were from Hewlett Packard , Intel , Dell , Toshiba , Asus , Netgear , D - Link , Belkin , SMC , Accton , 3 - Com , Buffalo , Microsoft and Nintendo .
Federal tax revenue plunged $ 138 billion , or 34 % , in April vs. a year ago — the biggest April drop since 1981 , a study released Tuesday by the American Institute for Economic Research says .
When the economy slumps , so does tax revenue , and this recession has been no different , says Kerry Lynch , senior fellow at the AIER and author of the study .
" It illustrates how severe the recession has been . "
For example , 6 million people lost jobs in the 12 months ended in April — and that means far fewer dollars from income taxes .
Income tax revenue dropped 44 % from a year ago .
" These are staggering numbers , " Lynch says .
Big revenue losses mean that the U.S. budget deficit may be larger than predicted this year and in future years .
" It 's one of the drivers of the ongoing expansion of the federal budget deficit , " says John Lonski , chief economist for Moody 's Investors Service .
The Congressional Budget Office projects a $ 1.7 trillion budget deficit for fiscal year 2009 .
The other deficit driver is government spending , which , the AIER 's report says , is the main culprit for the federal budget deficit .
The White House thinks that tax revenue will increase in 2011 , thanks in part to the stimulus package , says the report from AIER , an independent economic research institute .
But it warns , " Even if that does happen , the administration also projects that government spending will be so much higher each year that large deficits will continue , and the national debt held by the public will double over the next 10 years . "
The government may have a hard time trimming spending to reduce the deficit when the recession ends .
The 77 million Baby Boomers — those born in 1946 through 1964 — will start tapping their federal retirement benefits soon , which means increased government outlays for Social Security and Medicare .
" It will be doubly difficult for federal government to reduce expenditures and narrow the deficit as rapidly as they did following previous recessions , " Lonski says .
At the end of the last major recession , in 1981 , Boomers were in their 30s .
Their incomes were expanding , as was their appetite for goods and services .
The Boomers now are in their 50s and 60s and unlikely to keep increasing incomes for long , which means that revenue from income taxes could flatten in the next few years .
Also , Lonski says , they are more likely to save for retirement than spend — and consumer spending is a big driver of the economy .
" The American consumer led us out of previous recessions with some semblance of gusto , " Lonski says .
" They 're too old to do it now . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The army says at least 25 militants died in the Lower Dir operation The Taleban 's talks with the government in north - west Pakistan have been suspended amid army operations against militants , a Taleban negotiator says .
Pakistani troops and Taleban militants have clashed in Lower Dir in North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , forcing hundreds of civilians to flee .
NWFP officials had agreed a deal that would introduce Sharia law in return for an end to the Taleban insurgency .
Critics argued the deal was a capitulation to the militants .
Ameer Izzat Khan , a spokesman for Sufi Muhammad , the cleric who negotiated the deal between the government and the Taleban , said : " Our council of leaders met on Sunday night and decided to suspend peace negotiations with the government in North West Frontier Province . "
See a map of the region However , he said the Taleban still wanted to adhere to the peace deal , agreed in February .
Mr Khan said Sufi Muhammad was cut off in his village in Lower Dir and no talks could take place until communication was restored .
" We are demanding a suspension of the operation so that Sufi Muhammad is able to get out of his village . "
He added : " The operation is contrary to the peace agreement , and we believe there is no point talking peace when there is violence in the area .
But a decision on that will be taken by our [ council ] . "
NWFP 's information minister , Mian Iftikhar Hussain , denied there was a military operation in Dir but " an action undertaken in response to an attack on security forces , and it will continue until militants are flushed out of the area " .
' Self defence '
The situation in Lower Dir remains tense as families continue to flee the battle zone .
If anyone suspends talks or agreements , we are going to go ahead and set up the new justice system , and violators of the agreement will be punished under this very system
Mian Iftikhar Hussain ,
NWFP information minister The Pakistani military said troops killed another 20 militants on Monday in the Maidan area .
The NWFP government said earlier that at least 25 suspected militants were killed on Sunday when they attacked army convoys .
The clashes started when the government deployed troops in some areas of the district over the weekend .
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad says this was presumably to prevent an incursion by militants similar to the recent one in Buner district .
The operation came after 12 children were killed in Lower Dir on Saturday after playing with a bomb they mistook for a football .
Mr Hussain told the BBC Urdu service if the military had been planning a full intervention " we would have started in Buner where the Taleban violated terms of the peace agreement several times " .
Hundreds of civilians have been fleeing the conflict zone
He said of the threat to suspend talks : " If anyone suspends talks or agreements , we are going to go ahead and set up the new justice system there , and violators of the agreement will be punished under this very system . "
Civilians have begun leaving the Lower Dir area but many are still trapped in their villages .
Karimullah , a farmer in the Samarbagh area of Lower Dir , told Reuters news agency : " I am leaving everything here and taking my family .
We can't take a risk with troops fighting the Taleban . "
The Taleban spokesman in Swat , Muslim Khan , accused the government of violating the terms of the peace agreement in Swat .
The Taleban warned of militant attacks in all parts of Malakand division - the group of six districts where the new Sharia law has been enforced - if the military operation in Dir was not halted .
The government and the military say they still want to abide by the terms of the Swat peace deal and consider it intact .
However , they believe that the Taleban are yet to fulfil their part of the deal , which is to disarm and to concede administrative power to government departments .
In Buner , the presence of the Taleban continues in main towns despite an announcement on Friday that they would leave the area and go back to their bases in Swat .
Troops have still not advanced beyond a border village .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over the past several years we have learned that small groups of people can engage in mass suicide .
In 1978 , 918 members of the Peoples ’ Temple led by Jim Jones perished after drinking poisoned koolaid .
In 1997 , 39 members of the Heaven ’s Gate cult died after drugging themselves and tieing plastic bags around their heads .
Unfortunately , history also demonstrates that it is possible for an entire civilization to commit suicide by intentionally destroying the means of its subsistence .
In the early nineteenth century , the British colonized Southeast Africa .
The native Xhosa resisted , but suffered repeated and humiliating defeats at the hands of British military forces .
The Xhosa lost their independence and their native land became an English colony .
The British adopted a policy of westernizing the Xhosa .
They were to be converted to Christianity , and their native culture and religion was to be wiped out .
Under the stress of being confronted by a superior and irresistible technology , the Xhosa developed feelings of inadequacy and inferiority .
In this climate , a prophet appeared .
In April of 1856 , a fifteen - year - old girl named Nongqawuse heard a voice telling her that the Xhosa must kill all their cattle , stop cultivating their fields , and destroy their stores of grain and food .
The voice insisted that the Xhosa must also get rid of their hoes , cooking pots , and every utensil necessary for the maintenance of life .
Once these things were accomplished , a new day would magically dawn .
Everything necessary for life would spring spontaneously from the earth .
The dead would be resurrected .
The blind would see and the old would have their youth restored .
New food and livestock would appear in abundance , spontaneously sprouting from the earth .
The British would be swept into the sea , and the Xhosa would be restored to their former glory .
What was promised was nothing less than the establishment of paradise on earth .
Nongqawuse told this story to her guardian and uncle , Mhlakaza .
At first , the uncle was skeptical .
But he became a believer after accompanying his niece to the spot where she heard the voices .
Although Mhlakaza heard nothing , he became convinced that Nongqawuse was hearing the voice of her dead father , and that the instructions must be obeyed .
Mhlakaza became the chief prophet and leader of the cattle - killing movement .
News of the prophecy spread rapidly , and within a few weeks the Xhosa king , Sarhili , became a convert .
He ordered the Xhosa to slaughter their cattle and , in a symbolic act , killed his favorite ox .
As the hysteria widened , other Xhosa began to have visions .
Some saw shadows of the resurrected dead arising from the sea , standing in rushes on the river bank , or even floating in the air .
Everywhere that people looked , they found evidence to support what they desperately wanted to be true .
The believers began their work in earnest .
Vast amounts of grain were taken out of storage and scattered on the ground to rot .
Cattle were killed so quickly and on such an immense scale that vultures could not entirely devour the rotting flesh .
The ultimate number of cattle that the Xhosa slaughtered was 400,000 .
After killing their livestock , the Xhosa built new , larger kraals to hold the marvelous new beasts that they anticipated would rise out of the earth .
The impetus of the movement became irresistible .
The resurrection of the dead was predicted to occur on the full moon of June , 1856 .
Nothing happened .
The chief prophet of the cattle - killing movement , Mhlakaza , moved the date to the full moon of August .
But again the prophecy was not fulfilled .
The cattle - killing movement now began to enter a final , deadly phase , which its own internal logic dictated as inevitable .
The failure of the prophecies was blamed on the fact that the cattle - killing had not been completed .
Most believers had retained a few cattle , chiefly consisting of milk cows that provided an immediate and continuous food supply .
Worse yet , there was a minority community of skeptical non-believers who refused to kill their livestock .
The fall planting season came and went .
Believers threw their spades into the rivers and did not sow a single seed in the ground .
By December of 1856 , the Xhosa began to feel the pangs of hunger .
They scoured the fields and woods for berries and roots , and attempted to eat bark stripped from trees .
Mhlakaza set a new date of December 11 for the fulfillment of the prophecy .
When the anticipated event did not occur , unbelievers were blamed .
The resurrection was rescheduled yet again for February 16 , 1857 , but the believers were again disappointed .
Even this late , the average believer still had three or four head of livestock alive .
The repeated failure of the prophecies could only mean that the Xhosa had failed to fulfill the necessary requirement of killing every last head of cattle .
Now , they finally began to complete the killing process .
Not only cattle were slaughtered , but also chickens and goats .
Any viable means of sustenance had to be destroyed .
Any cattle that might have escaped earlier killing were now slaughtered for food .
Serious famine began in late spring of 1857 .
All the food was gone .
The starving population broke into stables and ate horse food .
They gathered bones that had lay bleaching in the sun for years and tried to make soup .
They ate grass .
Maddened by hunger , some resorted to cannibalism .
Weakened by starvation , family members often had to lay and watch dogs devour the corpses of their spouses and children .
Those who did not die directly from hunger fell prey to disease .
To the end , true believers never renounced their faith .
They simply starved to death , blaming the failure of the prophecy on the doubts of non-believers .
By the end of 1858 , the Xhosa population had dropped from 105,000 to 26,000 .
Forty to fifty - thousand people starved to death , and the rest migrated .
With Xhosa civilization destroyed , the land was cleared for white settlement .
The British found that those Xhosa who survived proved to be docile and useful servants .
What the British Empire had been unable to accomplish in more than fifty years of aggressive colonialism , the Xhosa did to themselves in less than two years .
Western civilization now stands on the brink of repeating the experience of the Xhosa .
Since the advent of the Industrial Revolution in the late eighteenth century , Europe and North America have enjoyed the greatest prosperity ever known on earth .
Life expectancy has doubled .
In a little more than two hundred years , every objective measure of human welfare has increased more than in all of previous human history .
But Western Civilization is coasting on an impetus provided by our ancestors .
There is scarcely anyone alive in Europe or America today who believes in the superiority of Western society .
Guilt and shame hang around our necks like millstones , dragging our emasculated culture to the verge of self - immolation .
Whatever faults the British Empire - builders may have had , they were certain of themselves .
Our forefathers built a technological civilization based on energy provided by carbon - based fossil fuels .
Without the inexpensive and reliable energy provided by coal , oil , and gas , our civilization would quickly collapse .
The prophets of global warming now want us to do precisely that .
Like the prophet Mhlakaza , Al Gore promises that if we stop using carbon - based energy , new energy technologies will magically appear .
The laws of physics and chemistry will be repealed by political will power .
We will achieve prosperity by destroying the very means by which prosperity is created .
While Western Civilization sits confused , crippled with self - doubt and guilt , the Chinese are rapidly building an energy - intensive technological civilization .
They have 2,000 coal - fired power plants , and are currently constructing new ones at the rate of one a week .
In China , more people believe in free - market economics than in the US .
Our Asian friends are about to be nominated by history as the new torchbearers of human progress .
May 13 , 2009
The Best of David Deming
A farmer harvests his soybean crop near Ottawa , Illinois in 2007 .
The use of genetically engineered corn and soybeans in the United States for more than a decade has had little impact on crop yields despite claims that they could ease looming food shortages , a study released on Tuesday concluded .
The use of genetically engineered corn and soybeans in the United States for more than a decade has had little impact on crop yields despite claims that they could ease looming food shortages , a study released on Tuesday concluded .
" A hard - nosed assessment of this expensive technology 's achievements to date gives little confidence that it will play a major role in helping the world feed itself in the forseeable future , " said the report by the Union of Concerned Scientists .
The study evaluated the effect on corn and soybean crop yields of genetically engineered varieties commercialized in the United States over the past 13 years , examining peer - reviewed academic studies that date back to the early 1990s .
" Based on that record , we conclude that GE ( genetic engineering ) has done little to increase overall crop yields , " it said .
The report said genetically engineered soybeans account for 90 percent of soybeans grown in the United States , while genetically engineered corn accounts for 63 percent of the US corn crop .
" Overall , corn and soybean yields have risen substantially over the last 15 years , but largely not as a result of the GE traits , " the report said .
" Most of the gains are due to traditional breeding or improvement of other agricultural practices . "
It found that corn and soybeans that were genetically modified to increase their tolerance to herbicides " have not increased operational yields , whether on a per acre or national basis , compared to conventional methods that rely on other available herbicides . "
Corn modified with genes from Bt , or Bacillus thuringienisis , bacteria for resistance to several kinds of insects did provide higher yields , but the study estimated the increase at between 0.2 and 0.3 percent a year on average over the past 13 years .
Overall corn yields in the United States have increased an average of about one percent a year , it said .
" More specifically , US Department of Agriculture data indicate that the average corn production per acre nationwide over the past five years ( 2004 - 2008 ) was about 28 percent higher than for the five - year period 1991 - 1995 , " it said .
" But our analysis of specific yield studies concludes that only 4 - 5 percent of that increase is attributable to Bt , meaning an increase of about 24 - 25 percent must be due to other factors such as conventional breeding , " it said .
( c ) 2009 AFP
At first sight , this seems like a propeller about to get attached to an airplane engine .
I thought the same until I looked closer .
Then it blew my mind .
Zoom in and discover why .
Advertisement
Can you see them ?
Look in the holes .
There are workers inside that turbine .
Not little people , but full - scale humans .
So no , it 's not an airplane propeller :
It 's gigantic propeller waiting to be mounted on power windmill turbine by people working from inside the turbine itself .
Advertisement
The windmill is one of the two currently being installed in the city of Hamburg , Germany , and it 's officially rated at 6 megawatts of power .
Not enough to travel in time , but amazingly cool anyway .
Click to viewAnd you thought the one that required an helicopter to reach its top was big .
[ Big Picture celebrates Earth Day — Thanks reader Faiz for the wider shot ]
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
Authorities do not plan to file charges against a Florida orange grove owner who fatally shot a 21 - year - old woman , saying he is protected under the state 's controversial " no retreat " law .
Bullet holes pocked the windshield of the crashed SUV , and blood stained he passenger seat .
But the woman 's boyfriend faces second - degree murder charges in her death , because the woman was shot to death during an alleged felony -- the theft of an SUV .
Tony Curtis Phillips , 29 , did n't fire a single shot .
He did n't even know his girlfriend , Nikki McCormick , was dead until police showed him an online news story .
Police said McCormick accompanied Phillips as he attempted to steal the SUV from a barn in an orange grove near Wahneta , Florida , before daylight Tuesday .
Grove owner Ladon " Jamie " Jones opened fire as the SUV approached him , according to an affidavit released by the Polk County Sheriff 's Office .
Phillips fled ; McCormick was shot in the head and later died .
Authorities said Jones is protected by Florida 's " no retreat " law , which gives him the right to use lethal force if he reasonably believes his life is in danger .
Phillips , however , faces charges because police allege he was committing felony grand theft auto at the time of McCormick 's death .
" Because his conduct caused her death , he gets charged with a felony , " Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said .
Phillips was arrested late Tuesday in Polk County , near Lakeland , after a day on the run .
Police said he did n't believe McCormick was dead at first , telling officers , " Of all the times you 've questioned me , this is a nasty trick you 're playing on me this time . "
He agreed to cooperate if detectives could prove she was dead .
Judd said detectives called up the shooting story on the local newspaper 's Web site and " let him read it online , and that 's when he broke down and cried , and gave us a confession , " Judd said .
According to the affidavit , Jones heard his Toyota Land Cruiser , parked in the barn at his orange grove , start up before daylight Tuesday .
Jones told police he grabbed his gun , a 9 mm that he keeps with him while working at the grove .
He said he could see two people in the SUV as it backed out of the barn , according to the affidavit .
He said he saw the passenger 's arm reach outside the vehicle , and believed that person might be holding a gun .
The Land Cruiser stopped directly in front of him , Jones said in the affidavit .
He said he raised his gun and pointed it at the occupants , shouting " Stop , " but the vehicle appeared to be moving directly toward him .
" Fearing for his life , he then fired what he thought to be six to eight rounds into the front windshield of the vehicle , " the affidavit stated .
The vehicle backed up at high speed , crashed through a fence and ended up in a ditch .
Jones told police a man jumped out of the SUV and ran away .
Sheriff 's deputies found McCormick inside the vehicle with a bullet wound to her head .
She was taken to Lakeland Regional Medical Center , where she died .
Jones did not return a call from CNN seeking comment .
Authorities will forward their information to prosecutors , Judd said , but are " not going to file any charges [ against Jones ] at this point , because we do n't see any reason to arrest Mr. Jones , " Judd said . " ...
It appears , at this point in the investigation , Mr. Jones was completely , legally justified in his actions . "
A Polk County judge on Thursday ordered Phillips held without bond .
A public defender was appointed to his case .
Polk County Public Defender J. Marion Moorman declined to comment on the charges to CNN .
" We will , of course , be interviewing the client very soon , and will be undertaking his defense from there , " he said .
Phillips told police he assumed McCormick had also gotten out of the vehicle and run away , according to the affidavit .
He said he was sorry for what happened " and said he knew he was partially responsible for her death , " the affidavit said .
Polk County State Attorney 's Office spokesman Chip Thulberry said his office will review the case when the sheriff 's investigation is completed .
The Brady Campaign to prevent Gun Violence says Florida is one of 16 states that have enacted " no retreat " laws , which some call " shoot - first " laws .
The laws extend the right to use deadly force beyond a person 's home and into public places .
" The shoot - first law is not needed , " said Brian Malte of the Brady Campaign .
" This person , regardless of the situation , may have done the right thing , but he cannot be prosecuted for doing something wrong if he hit an innocent bystander , " he said .
Other groups stand by the " no retreat " laws .
" At the moment a crime occurs , victims do n't have the luxury of time , " said Andrew Arulanandam of the National Rifle Association .
" They have seconds to decide on a course of action to protect their lives and their families .
This law provides law - abiding people with options . "
All About Crime • Shootings • Florida
When you require the services of a professional electrician , you should make sure that the person you choose has the right qualifications and certified by the relevant institutions .
Besides , they should also have vast experience that enables them to handle any project no matter the complexity and size .
There are many electricians out there in the market that will claim they can offer exceptional services for a long time , but such are usually marketing strategies .
So , you must be on the look out to avoid making the wrong choice and then get disappointed in the long end .
This page will help you avoid that mistake .
So , how do you get that perfect electrician for your project ?
References
This is a great way to make sure that you get an electrician who will offer you high - quality services and good working experience .
This is a good way to know a good electrician because you will get their details from people who know them well .
You also get to know more about them , so you make a more informed choice in the process .
Consider working with those that offer more satisfaction to their clients and impress with the quality and commitment they show in providing unique services .
Get an initial quote
You cannot entrust an electrician to work on your project without the knowledge in the amount they charge for their work .
So , you should make sure that you get an initial quote from each of the electricians that you consult as you do your search .
Look for the one charging a price that suits your budget .
However , it is critical that you also avoid those charging a very low fee for their services , because the quality of the electrical services they provide might also be questionable .
It is also good you look for those who offer and discounts to customers .
Note that you will be working with the electrician for a long time ; therefore be sure to get one with a price that will never strain you in your budget .
Permission and permit
It is good to note that you might be requiring an electrical project that requires permits or permission .
A perfect electrician will not try to go for shortcuts ; by working on your project without the right permit and will at all times seek approval from the relevant authorities .
So , you need to ask the different electrician you come across about their process of working to ensure that you always follow the right procedure on all your projects .
Level of efficiency
A good electrician will adhere to the timeline given to complete a particular project .
Besides , they will offer you a full quote for a specific project after they do a thorough assessment of the work and complexity involved .
In case they find that they cannot complete a particular job within the promised time , they will update you beforehand to avoid inconveniences .
It is also good you look for the one who listens to your needs first before they can start working on your project .
This is a sure way you will get satisfactory results from them .
Like everything else these days , cars are getting increasingly computerized , with embedded microprocessors controlling everything from the fuel - air mixture in the engine to the air temperature in the car .
That trend will almost certainly accelerate as automakers tune their engines for mileage and increase the use of hybrid and plug - in hybrid technology to meet the new fuel efficiency standards .
That increased reliance on technology , however , has brought fragmentation to the repair business , which now requires specialized hardware and software to interface with a typical vehicle .
A bill introduced in Congress would ensure that automakers would provide equal access to those specialized tools .
The bill states up front that regular maintenance is critical for everything from basic safety to minimizing the environmental impact of vehicles .
It also argues that car owners are entitled to the service provider of their choice when it comes to the repair and maintenance of their vehicles , and that competition among service providers helps ensure that everyone has viable choices in this regard .
The threat to this comes from the fact that automakers can provide discriminatory access to the tools required for maintenance , providing them only to authorized service providers or refusing to allow individual car owners to purchase them .
With that as a backdrop , the bill sets new rules for manufacturers .
Anyone that makes a vehicle that 's introduced in the US would have to provide information , tools , and equipment to owners and service providers on a non-discriminatory basis .
On the information side , this includes all the safety and service bulletins and the data needed to diagnose , repair , or replace existing equipment .
Tools and replacement parts are to be made available on a similar basis .
Trade secrets are protected from disclosure , but the bill would define things such that , if information is given to an authorized service provider , it 's no longer considered a trade secret .
Rulemaking and enforcement power is given to the Federal Trade Commission .
State attorneys general will also get the right to pursue cases against manufacturers , but they will be required to notify and coordinate these efforts with the FTC .
This is n't the first time that something along these lines has been proposed , but the bill is drawing support from across the ideological spectrum .
For example , an editorial in support of it appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle that was penned by libertarian Bob Barr and Ralph Nader .
The EFF 's Fred von Lohman , however , pointed out that there 's a certain irony in this widespread public support and Congressional interest .
What the bill suggests is that the sort of market created by the DMCA , in which companies are given the right to encrypt and protect information of their choosing , should n't apply when it comes to autos .
To be clear , there are implementation differences .
The DMCA could still apply in that third - party tools that provide access to encrypted data in a car would still run afoul of the law .
But the need for these tools would be severely reduced by the fact that the manufacturers would be required to provide an equivalent .
That would also , presumably , eliminate most of the incentive for manufacturers to take action against the providers of third - party tools .
It 's pretty clear that the US citizenry tends to treat their cars as a different class of possession than most other things it owns .
But there 's a compelling case to be made that the reasons given in the bill for structuring the auto service market in a way that fosters competition among providers are general , and would apply to a variety of other markets .
“ The Hoff nearly off'd himself this time ! ” said Radar Online .
Former Bay Watch star and “ vodka - guzzling America ’s Got Talent judge ” David Hasselhoff was found “ unconscious on the floor of his home ” on Saturday , the result of “ yet another case of alcohol poisoning . ”
His “ distraught ” 16 - year - old daughter Hayley called her mom , Pamela Bach , who “ rushed to the rescue ” and drove her ex-husband to the hospital .
“ Bach likely saved her ex-husband 's life , ” said Actress Archives , as Hasselhoff ’s blood alcohol level was “ an amazing .39 . ”
What ’s happening to him ?
In 2007 , he became infamous for “ eating hamburgers off the floor in a drunken stupor ” ( watch the video ) , and now this .
It ’s obvious that he “ really needs some professional help . ”
Hasselhoff may need help , said TMZ , but there ’s more to this story than meets the eye .
He “ had been drinking , ” but not as much as his ex would have people believe .
He never passed out — he just had a minor illness that , " combined with the alcohol , made a trip to the hospital prudent . ”
Pamela
Bach is just trying to get back at her ex-husband .
The Obama administration threatened to use the White House press corps to besmirch the reputation of one of the financial firms that holds Chrysler debt , according to a prominent New York bankruptcy lawyer .
If true , the explosive charge shows that the White House was willing to go much further than is widely known to have its way in the attempt to restructure the Detriot automaker .
" One of my clients was directly threatened by the White House and in essence compelled to withdraw its opposition to the deal under threat that the full force of the White House press corps would destroy its reputation if it continued to fight ... That was Perella Weinberg , " Tom Lauria , the head of the bankrutpcy department for top New York City lawfirm White & Case , told a WJR 760 radio host .
Amid all the Western panic at the prospect of North Korea ’s Kim Jong - il , the hereditary Communist monarch of the Hermit Kingdom , wielding a nuclear arsenal , we would be well - advised to take a chill pill , as Kim Sunn - joo – a Korean travel agent cited in this piece on the " crisis " – advises :
" I see this test as North Korea ’s marketing strategy .
They just seem to be playing games .
I would n’t say that South Korea is completely free of danger , but I do n’t think we are any more in danger than we were before .
People here are used to these kinds of threats . ”
Okay , so they ’re playing games , but what kind of games – and what is the prize ?
There are two theories about this .
The first is that the North Koreans are desperate to normalize relations with the West , insofar as the most secretive , repressive , and downright loopy neo-Stalinist regime on earth can hope to achieve some semblance of normality .
Essential to understanding the comic - opera belligerence of the North Korean regime is the fact that the Korean War never ended : a truce was declared , but the formalities of ending the conflict have never been performed .
South Korea refused to sign the Korean War Armistice Agreement , and the two sides are technically still at war , after all these years .
To the North Koreans , who are especially prickly and sensitive when it comes to matters of " face , " this is a living issue , one that has a definite effect on their behavior in the present .
Any U.S. president who entertains the idea of resolving the ongoing series of crises that erupt on the Korean peninsula with clock - like regularity has to be prepared to revisit this entire issue of the war that never officially ended .
It is clear that the Korean question , if it is to be resolved , cannot be approached militarily .
No one , not even the nuttiest neocon , contemplates attacking the North and effecting " regime change . "
This leaves negotiations , but the problem here is twofold .
First , the U.S. has insisted on dragging other nations into the talks , so that we have the so - called Six - Party Talks : the North , the South , the Japanese , the Chinese , the Russians , and the U.S. Predictably , however , these talks have gone nowhere fast , partially because the North insists on dealing directly with its real antagonists , who are still occupying South Korea after all this time .
Pyongyang wants to deal directly with Washington , and one can hardly blame them : after all , the current president of the U.S. has declared that he ’ll talk directly to the Iranians , a step that no U.S. chief executive has taken since U.S. - Iranian relations were broken off in the Carter years .
Why not the North Koreans ?
After all , Kim Jong-il is no crazier than Mahmoud Ahmadinejad – or , at least , it ’s a horse race .
Secondly , a new factor has recently entered the equation , and that is the apparent incapacity of Kim Jong - il , 66 , said to have suffered a stroke last August .
These reports call into question his role in policymaking decisions and raise the issue of just who is in control of North Korea ’s nuclear program .
You ca n’t negotiate if there ’s no one to negotiate with .
Which brings us to the second theory about why Pyongyang is popping up like a grotesque jack - in - the - box , every few months , with a new outrage against international order : it ’s all about internal North Korean politics and the question of who will succeed Kim Jong - il as the next " Dear Leader . "
To understand what may be going on inside the notoriously closed society of North Korea , it is necessary to give a little context .
The North Korean regime was created by the Soviet Union after its armies " liberated " the North from Japanese occupation at the end of World War II .
There were n’t a whole lot of Communists who lived in the North – the membership of the official Communist Party was largely confined to the southern , urban regions – and the Soviets had to make do .
The regime and the Communist ( Workers ) Party of North Korea were basically cobbled together out of a number of various and often competing communist organizations , some with roots in China , others with roots in the South , and others coming directly from the Soviet Union as translators and " advisers . "
A fourth group , the smallest , was associated with the future " Great Leader " Kim Il - sung ‘s Manchurian guerrilla campaign against the Japanese , which eventually was defeated .
Kim
Il - sung fled to the Soviet Union until he arrived back in his home country via a Soviet destroyer and was installed in power by the Red Army .
These four factions balanced each other out in the early years of the regime , when the cult of personality around Kim Il - Sung was in its infancy and had yet to tighten its grip on the party and the nation .
This rough parity was upset , however , in 1956 , when Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev launched an ideological " reevaluation " of the Stalin years at the CPSU ’s 20th Party Congress .
His famous speech denouncing Stalin ’s crimes sent shock waves through the international communist movement .
The Khrushchevite critique of Stalin could be easily applied to the cult that was developing around Kim Il- sung , and the remnants of the Soviet and Chinese factions within the North Korean Workers Party took the opportunity to raise their heads .
At a meeting of the party cadres , Yun Kong - hum , a member of the Soviet faction , rose to give a speech attacking the Kim Il - sung personality cult .
The leadership , however , was prepared : he was met with a chorus of jeering , and his words were lost in the tumult .
Shortly after the meeting , he and his factional cohorts fled to China .
Those who stayed behind were purged from their party positions , and a great many were taken out and shot .
It was at this point that the North Koreans began to go their own way and veer out of the Sino - Soviet orbit .
Convinced that Beijing and Moscow were trying to control events in North Korea , Kim Il - sung began to play a delicate balancing act , resisting pressure from his Communist allies to moderate his policies and subtly playing off one against the other .
This strategy was greatly facilitated by the impending Sino - Soviet split , which began to go public in 1957 .
The idea was to isolate North Korea from " foreign " influences , namely the Soviets and later the Chinese , both of whose supporters within the North Korean Workers Party were systematically purged , imprisoned , and executed over the years .
Yet there was a problem with this strategy , embodied in Juche , roughly translated as " self - reliance " : the country was and is desperately poor , and this policy of self - isolation only exacerbated a situation that has , today , become nearly intolerable .
When Khrushchev greatly reduced Soviet aid to Pyongyang – which amounted to around 30 percent of the government ’s gross receipts – the country plummeted into an economic free - fall from which it never really recovered .
Today , North Korea teeters on the brink of famine , which has already claimed many thousands of lives , and the people are literally eating the bark off of trees .
Now , every regime , no matter how tyrannical , depends to a large extent on the consent of the people .
What prevents them from rising up and overthrowing their oppressors is the conviction that they ’re being protected from a much greater danger , and , in North Korea ’s case , it ’s the bugaboo of foreign occupation .
Draconian economic sanctions imposed by the West reinforce this general impression and give the regime ’s insistence that the Americans and South Koreans are about to invade enough credibility to increase the public ’s tolerance of Kim Jong - il ’s antics .
This is what gives President Barack Obama ’s recent comments on the latest crisis a darkly humorous tone .
He said that the world has got to " stand up to North Korea . "
The truth , however , from a North Korean perspective , is precisely the opposite : in their view , it is North Korea that is standing up to the world .
So much of the Western commentary on the North Korean issue notes that the nuclear test generated firepower equivalent to the blasts that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki – acts carried out by the United States against a prostrate Japan .
It is certainly not lost on the North Koreans that the U.S. could just as easily rationalize a similar attack on yet another nation of yellow - skinned people .
In spite of all the hysteria surrounding North Korea ’s nukes , and the rather perfervid and technically dubious assertions that they ’re capable of launching a ballistic missile attack on Alaska , or even Los Angeles , the reality is that we represent more of a credible threat to them than they could ever hope to mount against us .
North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program is primitive , and they could n’t construct a nuclear weapon that is stable and usable for years to come , if ever .
We , however , could wipe them off the map , if we so chose , and therein lies the key to understanding their crazed course .
They are like those suicide bombers who face an enemy they cannot possibly hope to defeat in conventional warfare , yet there is a difference :
Pyongyang must convince us that they are ready , willing , and able to strike , without actually doing so , because a military conflict would almost certainly deprive them of power .
However , in order to keep that power , they must convince the populace that they are surrounded by enemies who are just about ready to invade .
The war threat keeps the population in line and effectively prevents any repetition of the 1956 factional rebellion that openly challenged the Juche regime .
So what does the West do ?
After all , who knows what crazed course Kim Jong - il will take ?
He seems erratic , at best , and , what ’s more , there seems to be a new faction arising in the military , hardliners who want no compromise with the West and are prepared to go to war if that ’s what it takes to maintain the stability of the regime .
The only rational policy is to avoid provocations at all costs .
Nothing justifies going to war , and it is unlikely that the North Koreans are so completely out of it that they ’ll launch a first strike on the South – which would incapacitate the entire Korean peninsula .
A strike at Japan , which the Japanese greatly – and rightly – fear is probably not in the cards , either , although I would n’t rule it out entirely .
What ’s more probable , however , is a Chernobyl - type nuclear accident involving the North ’s nuclear facilities .
Their program is primitive and their scientific prowess less than reassuring .
This is a disaster just waiting to happen – which is one good reason why some sort of rapprochement is imperative .
The West , however , holds a trump card that requires no action on their part , and that is the inherent instability of the regime .
No matter how much it inveighs against the " Western plot " against North Korea ’s independence and economic well - being , it is the regime itself that is the real obstacle to the nation ’s development .
North Korea is a giant pressure cooker just waiting to go off , and , left alone , it will explode .
It ’s only a matter of time .
The explosion , when it comes , as it did in East Germany and the rest of the Soviet bloc , will bring down the heirs of Kim Il - sung and toss the regime into the dustbin of history .
The social chaos that ensues will naturally spill over into the South , as well as China , and the repercussions will be severe – but far less life - threatening than a military conflict , which will plunge the entire region into an abyss it will take many years to climb out of .
The U.S. , under Bush , consistently blocked attempts by the North and the South to come to some kind of accommodation .
Our policies have clashed with the deeply ingrained nationalism of the Korean people , and the history of our collaboration with despotic Southern rulers is a long and shameful one .
Pressure on the regime to give up its nuclear program only yields defiance .
The best we can do is wait and let nature – in the form of a natural human resistance to intolerable conditions of privation and repression – take its course .
Tunisian President Kais Saied has said murderers should be sentenced to death following the rape and killing of a young woman in the North African country .
" Those who commit murder should be sentenced to death , " President Saied told a National Security Council meeting on Tuesday .
Rahma Lahmar , 29 , went missing for a few days and her mutilated body was found north of the capital , Tunis , on Friday last week .
She had been raped .
Police say they have arrested a suspect who has since confessed to the killing .
Many in the country are calling for the killer to be hanged .
Tunisia abolished the death penalty in 1991 .
Just in case there was any doubt as to Glenn Beck 's status as a paranoid charismatic who regards himself as a Christ - like figure , last night he predicted his own assassination on television .
It 's pretty straightforward , really : ACORN is an international conspiracy of poor people who threaten to take over the world with shoddy voter registrations .
Anyone who speaks out against ACORN — including a dissident member of the organization 's Washington , D.C. , arm who recently appeared on Beck 's show — is " in danger . "
And Beck is the top target , which is why he told his viewers : " If I 'm ever in a weird car accident , or I commit suicide or something , after the media stops celebrating my death , could they check into it ?
Because I 'm not suicidal .
And I 'm a pretty good driver . "
Got it , Glenn !
But what if you die from botched surgery on your anus ?
Should we check into that , too ?
In the meantime , you better build a bigger wall .
The list of misogynist rumors about strong women leaders is long and fertile , but none lodge in the memory quite so vividly as the notorious “ horse story ” involving the Empress of Russia , Catherine II .
Upon her death in 1796 , word swept around Europe that she had been involved in a tryst with a stallion ; the horse was supposedly being lowered onto her by servants using pulleys when the ropes snapped , crushing her to death .
In reality , the 67 - year - old Catherine suffered a stroke on the privy in the Winter Palace of Saint Petersburg and died in bed .
But the scurrilous equine rumor has proven unshakeable for more than two centuries .
Where did it come from ?
According to biographer Virginia Rounding , its elements had been brewing amongst her enemies for decades .
Wide - eyed stories about Catherine ’s appetites had been circulating since she was in her 20s , when she took a parade of lovers rather than sleep with her husband , the hapless tsar Grand Duke Peter .
The German - born Empress was strong - willed , intelligent , witty , and a correspondent with Voltaire .
She was also strikingly beautiful — Russian courtiers forgave her thin face and pointy chin , remarking instead on her blond hair ; her prominent , expressive blue eyes ; and ( as one admirer put it ) “ a mouth which seemed to invite kisses . ”
She made no secret of her love life , telling one of her beaux , Prince Grigory Potemkin , that she needed a virile young man in the Imperial bed for the sake of her health , and was unable to rule Russia properly when sleeping alone .
Eligible young noblemen would be “ tested ” by her ladies - in - waiting before making appearances in the Empress ’ night chamber : “ She selected a new favorite , or agreed to the selection recommended by her ‘ experts , ’ much as she selected a new painting for her collection , ” writes Rounding .
Catherine would become infatuated with one or another of these vremenshchiki , “ men of the moment ” who could linger in her bed from a few months to several years , and she remained a connoisseur of Russian manhood even into her dotage , when she was formidably overweight , dripping with diamonds , and wearing a bright dollop of rouge on each cheek .
There was no shortage of volunteers : Ambitious young men gladly accepted the honor of sharing the Empress ’ bed for their families and careers .
All this was perfect grist for the boys ’ club of European rulers , threatened by an unmarried woman who had ousted her husband in a coup and confidently expanded the Russian Empire .
Ribald jokes circulated that the busiest thoroughfare in Saint Petersburg , the Venice of the North , was the Catherine Canal , and pornographic pictures of the Empress appeared in France and Great Britain when war seemed near .
But how did the equine element come into play ?
Some English travel writers had once reported in the West that , along with their beer and bread , Russian peasants habitually enjoyed sodomy with horses .
More probably , Catherine had enjoyed a reputation as a fine horsewoman when young ; upon her arrival in Saint Petersburg , she had shocked the Imperial court by straddling her horse like a man instead of sidesaddle .
When news reached the outside world of the Empress ’ death , the “ equine fable ” was simply a leap of the imagination .
• 25 February 2008
Angered by the Sudanese government ’s decision to expel 13 foreign aid groups in Darfur , leaders at one of the region ’s largest displacement camps are threatening to reject all humanitarian assistance until the organizations are allowed back .
The self - imposed aid embargo at Kalma camp , which includes the monthly food distribution , is heightening concerns about the welfare of the 88,000 residents .
The World Food Program said Kalma leaders Thursday refused a grain delivery .
The U.N. food agency faced similar resistance a week earlier .
The camp ’s motorized water pumps are n’t working because there is no fuel , and women have to fetch water from a polluted river nearby , aid officials said .
Kalma ’s three health clinics have shut down , even as meningitis sweeps through the camp .
Advertisement
Kalma ’s leaders have even threatened to organize a hunger strike until the government permits the return of expelled aid groups -- including Care International , Oxfam and Doctors Without Borders .
“ We want the international [ aid groups ] back , ” said Ali Abdel Khaman Tahir , the chief sheik at Kalma , speaking by telephone because the government is refusing to allow journalists in the camp , which is on the edge of Nyala , the capital of Southern Darfur province .
“ If we allow them to distribute the food , then the government will be able to say to the world that everything is OK in Kalma , ” said Mubarak Shafi , a camp activist .
“ We want all the other problems solved first . ”
In particular , Kalma leaders are refusing to accept help from the Sudanese government or Sudanese charities , which they suspect will spy on them .
But they are also rejecting assistance from the U.N. food agency and Western organizations such as World Vision .
Advertisement
Kalma has long been one of Darfur ’s most radical and militarized camps , with close ties to Paris - based rebel leader Abdel Wahid Nur , head of a faction of the Sudan Liberation Army .
For years , Sudanese forces and local charities have been unable to operate inside the camp because residents burned down their facilities .
In August , government soldiers shot to death 31 people in Kalma , including women and children , in an early morning standoff with residents carrying sticks and knives .
“ The situation is very volatile , ” said Jean - Marie Stratigos , the Nyala representative for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
“ For now we are just trying to find a way in which they will accept aid . ”
Camp leaders say food supplies are stable , but that prices are rising at the camp market and hundreds of people are lining up for water at the few dozen hand pumps .
Advertisement
“ I can leave the jerrycan all night , and by the morning I still wo n’t have water , ” said one camp resident by telephone , whose name was withheld to protect her against government harassment .
Camp leaders say there have been 85 cases of meningitis , including several deaths over the last two weeks .
But because no aid groups are currently inside Kalma , figures cannot be confirmed .
Government officials insist they will not reverse the expulsion of the aid groups , which they accused of providing information to help the International Criminal Court build a war crimes case against Sudanese President Omar Hassan Ahmed Bashir .
The groups denied the charges .
“ The decision is irreversible , ” said Al - Hadi Najim , with the government agency that oversees humanitarian aid here .
“ If they want the services , we are ready to facilitate .
But we ca n’t force anybody to eat . ”
Advertisement
He said the government had tried to deliver 46 drums of fuel to restart water pumps , offered to pay the salaries of the workers at health clinics and attempted to open five meningitis vaccination centers .
All were rejected by the camp leaders .
Najim blamed the camp ’s intransigence on Nur , the Paris - based rebel chief .
Nur did not return phone calls seeking comment .
He has called for the government to reverse its order and warned that it might lead to further violence inside the camps .
Najim praised the international aid groups ’ efforts to train thousands of Sudanese humanitarian workers in Darfur , but said the foreign agencies spend too much money on themselves , including guesthouses , security guards and air - conditioned trucks .
Sudanese agencies , he said , would be more cost effective .
Camp leaders say the government is expelling the foreign aid groups as a precursor to closing the camps and forcing people to go home .
Advertisement
Najim said security in many areas of Darfur had improved enough to allow families to return .
He said thousands had already left camps .
“ We hope that more people will go home , ” he said .
“ They ca n’t spend the rest of their lives begging the international community to feed them . ”
--
edmund.sanders@latimes.com
Legendary filmmaker , broadcaster , and conservationist , David Attenborough has become a patron of the group Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) .
The organization ’s goal is to use education and policy to lower the world ’s population .
“ I ’ve seen wildlife under mounting human pressure all over the world and it ’s not just from human economy or technology – behind every threat is the frightening explosion in human numbers , ” Attenborough said according to a press release from Optimum Population Trust .
“ I ’ve never seen a problem that would n’t be easier to solve with fewer people , or harder , and ultimately impossible , with more .
That ’s why I support the OPT , and I wish the environmental NGOs would follow their lead , and spell out this central problem loud and clear . ”
Sprawl in the desert : Las Vegas , Nevada .
Photo by Rhett A. Butler .
In its effort to lower human population , OPT supports family - planning worldwide , education and equal rights for women , and a program that would encourage — not coerce — families to have no more than two children for the sake of the environment .
The group aims to slow human population growth , so that instead of reaching 9.1 billion people by 2050 , the global population levels out at 8 billion .
The group believes a population of 5.1 billion would be sustainable .
“ All serious environmentalists know perfectly well that population growth , exploding in the 20th century , has been a key driver of every environmental problem , ” said OPT chair , Roger Martin .
“ It ’s a fact , not an opinion , that total human impact is the average per person multiplied by the number of people .
Yet for far too long , governments and environmental NGOs have observed a taboo – invented in the 1980s by a bizarre coalition of the religious right and the liberal left – on stating this obvious fact .
So they keep on implying that our numbers can grow forever with no ill effects .
It ’s a ‘ silent lie ’ and by encouraging us to ignore the vital need to stabilise our numbers by humane means ( contraception ) before nature does it for us by inhumane , natural means ( famine , disease , war ) this absurd taboo betrays our children . ”
Martin stated that he “ delighted ” to have Attenborough on board , and that he hoped the presence of the beloved filmmaker would encourage others to speak out .
Other well - known patrons include Norman Meyers and Jane Goodall .
Related articles
Rural depopulation to have biodiversity impacts
( 12/01/2008 ) Urbanization — and accompanying rural abandonment — may have profound implications for global biodiversity and therefore should factor into conservation planning , argue researchers writing in the December issue of Tropical Conservation Science .
Continued focus on economic growth will doom the planet say ecologists
( 10/15/2008 )
An economy that focuses on economic growth above all else will lead to " disaster " , argues a series of editorials published in this week 's issue of New Scientist magazine .
Citing the current financial crisis , where governments have signaled their fear of anything that threatens growth by pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into failing banks and financial institutions , a group of economists question the logic of an economic system built on the assumption of growth based on continued exploitation of Earth 's finite resources .
World population to peak at 9.2 billion in 2050
( 03/13/2007 ) World population is expected to reach 9.2 billion by 2050 according to a new study by the United Nations .
Virtually all growth will occur in developing countries , with their population growing from 5.4 billion today to 7.9 billion mid-century .
The population of developed regions is expected to remain unchanged at 1.2 billion , and would have declined , were it not for the anticipated net migration from developing to developed countries .
Human ecological footprint to grow 34 % by 2015 finds study
( 02/08/2007 ) Population size and affluence are driving environmental degradation according to a new study published in the current edition of the journal Frontiers in Ecology .
The authors say other widely cited drivers of environmental stress — urbanization , economic structure ,
age distribution — actually have relatively little impact .
Remote island provides clues on population growth , environmental degradation
( 08/25/2006 ) Halfway between South America and New Zealand , in the remote South Pacific , is Rapa .
This horseshoe - shaped , 13.5 square - mile island of volcanic origin , located essentially in the middle of nowhere , is ‘ a microcosm of the world ’s situation , ’ says a University of Oregon archaeologist .
Quick Vote
How is the paycheck stimulus tax break affecting your economic situation ?
It 's helpful
It 's not a big deal
I do n't get the break or View results
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Food and Drug Administration is chiding Cheerios for making false claims about the popular cereal 's health benefits .
The federal regulatory agency questioned General Mills ' claims that Cheerios Toasted Whole Grain Oat Cereal can help lower cholesterol and treat heart disease .
" You can lower your cholesterol 4 % in 6 weeks , " says the label on Cheerios ' boxes .
A warning letter to General Mills posted on the FDA 's Web site Wednesday said only FDA - approved drugs are allowed to make such claims .
" Your Cheerios product is misbranded , " the letter said .
General Mills defended its heart health claim saying that it has been FDA - approved for 12 years and the message about lowering cholesterol has appeared on Cheerios boxes for more than two years .
" The science is not in question , " General Mills ( GIS , Fortune 500 ) said in a statement .
" The scientific body of evidence supporting the heart health claim was the basis for FDA 's approval of the heart health claim , and the clinical study supporting Cheerios ' cholesterol - lowering benefit is very strong . "
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The trial of a pregnant Briton who could face death by firing squad if she is convicted of drug smuggling is to take place tomorrow , according to a legal charity .
Samantha Orobator was arrested at Wattay Airport in Laos in August last year after she was allegedly caught with 680g of heroin .
In Laos , smuggling more than 500g carries a mandatory death sentence .
Reprieve lawyer Anna Morris flew into the country today fearing the trial would start before they were allowed to meet on Tuesday .
According to the charity , Orobator was able to make contact with their office in London today and said she had been told the trial would start tomorrow morning .
Reprieve said the Laotian authorities brought the trial forward in an apparent attempt to stop lawyers from intervening .
Up until now the 20 - year - old from south London has had no legal representation .
Speaking from Laos , Morris said she would meet with British consular officials tomorrow .
She said she understood the system in Laos was that defendants were only able to see lawyers a week before their trials or , in some cases , on the same day trials began .
She told Sky News : " That has been our concern from the outset , that she has had no access to legal counsel before this week .
" We do n't know that she is going to have any before any trial takes place and we are deeply concerned about the implications of that for her given her vulnerability , given her age and given her lack of familiarity with the system . "
She said British officials had only been able to visit Orobator for a period of 20 minutes once a month .
The British only learned of her arrest when she had already spent many months languishing in the notorious Phonthong prison .
" Through no fault of their own they simply have n't been allowed the access to her , " Morris said .
" We are concerned about her healthcare standards , we are concerned about her nutrition , we are concerned about her lack of pre-natal care .
" This is a vulnerable young woman with child so we are extremely concerned about the lack of access that anyone has had .
" It 's simply not acceptable to allow this young woman to be without a lawyer and then to move the trial to a time she is not certain of and before her British lawyers and consular representatives have a chance to see her . "
Reprieve director Clive Stafford Smith said : " Somehow she managed to get a call through .
She told us the trial had been set for tomorrow .
" This whole process is a farce .
The trial is just being put on as a show .
" They wanted to get it all over with before she was able to see a British lawyer . "
Her mother , Jane Orobator , a student at Trinity College Dublin , broke down as she said : " I 'm so scared .
I 'm so scared .
She does not even have her legal representative and they are bringing her for a trial .
I do n't know what they are up to there . "
She said she found out about her daughter 's arrest around late September but did not believe it was really her .
" Initially I did n't believe she was the one because of her personality , " she told Sky News .
" I do n't believe something like that has happened to her .
I thought it was somebody else .
She 's not that type of girl .
It 's not in her . "
The justice secretary , Jack Straw , said : " There 's not been a sentence of death here but our view about and our policy about capital punishment is absolute : we are against capital punishment in any circumstances and wherever a British citizen has been sentenced to death we make very very strong representations for that sentence not to be carried out and for it to be commuted . "
Laos broke international agreements on consular relations by not informing the British , apparently using the excuse that they did not have access to a fax machine .
There is no British embassy in Laos and the nearest is in Thailand .
The FCO found out " by coincidence " when the Australians passed on information from another inmate in Phonthong prison .
Foreign office minister Bill Rammell said he will raise the case with the Laotian deputy prime minister when they meet in the UK on Thursday .
Campaigners have also raised questions over how Orobator , who is due to give birth in September , could have become pregnant while in jail .
Stafford Smith said : " She is five months pregnant , without ever having met a lawyer , facing a show trial for her life
" If this provokes a miscarriage , the Laotians should understand that they have caused the death of this baby .
" There can hardly be a circumstance where scheduling a capital trial is less appropriate . "
She has been held since her arrest at the notorious Phonthong prison , where inmates have complained of being beaten and abused .
Orobator was born in Nigeria but lived in south London with her aunt from the age of eight .
She lived in Camberwell and Peckham before leaving the country to travel to Ireland , Holland and Thailand .
She is understood to have been arrested in Laos on her way back to the UK .
In the prison , cells measuring four square metres are used to house up to six prisoners .
The daily ration reportedly consists of two bowls of pig fat water soup and 500g of sticky rice , and most prisoners rely on their families to deliver food .
Other prisoners have reported incidents of abuse and torture , with some inmates having their genitals burnt .
Since 2003 at least 39 people have been sentenced to death in the east Asian country .
click ad
related
ABSOLUT 8 "
update
Es ist heute so , dass wir einen großen Teil von " Lebenserfahrung " aus
zweiter und dritter Hand lernen : Aus den Medien .
Und was lernt man da ?
Faustkämpfe sind lustig !
Cowboys prügeln sich
eine halbe Stunde lang und stehen immer noch .
Von Kugeln getroffen
werden nur gesichtslose Kriminelle , die dem Oberboss bedingungslos
helfen .
Dabei sterben sie schmerzlos , oder im Filmschnitt .
JEDER SCHLAG INS GESICHT IST EIN VERSUCHTER TOTSCHLAG !
Gewalt ist nicht so harmlos wie die geschnittene und gesäuberte
Version im TV es einem weiß machen will .
Gewalt ist tödlich !
Jeder
Zeit muss damit gerechnet werden anderen das Leben zu nehmen , oder
selbst unter schweren Qualen zu verrecken !
Genau DAS lernt man nicht aus zweiter und dritter Hand , wenn man sich
aus den Medien informiert .
So eklig die offenen Brüche in den Prügelszenen vom aktuellen Film
" Watchmen " auch sind , sie sind ehrlicher als alles was man im TV
sehen kann .
The official results of the stress test are in .
In the Fed 's Fantasyland scenario , the Fed Determines 10 Banks Need Capital of $ 74.6 Billion .
The Federal Reserve determined that 10 U.S. banks need to raise a total of $ 74.6 billion in capital , concluding its unprecedented probe of the health of the nation ’s 19 largest lenders .
The results showed that losses at the banks under ‘ more adverse ” economic conditions than most economists anticipate could total $ 599.2 billion over two years .
Mortgage losses present the biggest part of the risk , at $ 185.5 billion .
Trading accounts were the second - largest vulnerability , with potential losses of $ 99.3 billion .
“ The results released today should provide considerable comfort to investors and the public , ” Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke said in a statement .
“ The examiners found that nearly all the banks that were evaluated have enough Tier 1 capital to absorb the higher losses envisioned under the hypothetical adverse scenario . ”
My Comment
Capital Shortfalls
Bank of America Corp. was judged to need $ 33.9 billion in additional capital under regulators ’ criteria , the largest gap .
Wells Fargo & Co. ’s shortfall is $ 13.7 billion , while Citigroup Inc. ’s gap is $ 5.5 billion .
New York - based Citigroup has already announced plans to bolster its tangible common equity ratio by converting some of its preferred shares into common stock .
Fifth Third Bancorp ’s capital need is $ 1.1 billion , KeyCorp ’s is $ 1.8 billion , PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ’s is $ 600 million , Regions Financial Corp . ’s is $ 2.5 billion and SunTrust Banks Inc. ’s is $ 2.2 billion .
GMAC LLC needs $ 11.5 billion , while Morgan Stanley ’s assessment was $ 1.8 billion .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Bank of New York Mellon Corp. , MetLife Inc. , American Express , State Street Corp. , BB&T Corp. , US Bancorp and Capital One Financial Corp. were deemed not to need additional funds , according to the results .
Residential mortgages and consumer loans , including credit cards , “ account for $ 322 billion , or 70 percent of the loan losses projected under the more adverse scenario , ” the Fed said in its report .
Banks that need to raise capital under the government ’s stress tests will have until June 8 to develop a plan and until Nov. 9 to implement it .
“ The doomsday predictions in January and February that banks were insolvent is just wrong , ” David Trone , senior analyst at Fox - Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller , said before the announcement .
The tests “ did succeed in genuinely stressing the banks and I think that would give confidence to people . ”
Wells Fargo , Morgan Stanley Boost Capital After Test
Wells Fargo & Co. , Citigroup Inc. , Bank of America Corp. , Morgan Stanley and Regions Financial Corp. are selling stock and debt and converting preferred shares to add capital after the U.S. stress test found the banks had too little common equity to withstand a prolonged recession .
Wells Fargo said today it will sell $ 6 billion of common stock to the public , Morgan Stanley aims to raise $ 5 billion by selling stocks and bonds and Citigroup is exchanging an additional $ 5.5 billion of preferred securities into common stock .
Regions Financial said it ’s studying options to raise $ 2.5 billion , and Bank of America will sell common stock .
Wells Fargo , the biggest U.S. mortgage originator , must raise $ 13.7 billion , the government said today .
The San Francisco - based lender may face losses for 2009 and 2010 of $ 86.1 billion , or 8.8 percent of total loans .
Bank of America
Bank of America , the largest U.S. bank , needs $ 33.9 billion , according to the government .
It could have losses during the next two years of $ 136.6 billion , or 10 percent of total loans .
The bank , based in Charlotte , North Carolina , plans to sell common stock and convert preferred shares into common equity , Chief Financial Officer Joe Price said in a statement .
The bank is considering the sale of its Columbia Management mutual fund group and may consider joint ventures , according to the statement .
“ We are comfortable with our current capital position in the present economic environment , ” Chief Executive Officer Kenneth Lewis said .
“ The stress test asks what if the economy does much worse than most experts project . ”
Goldman , Morgan Stanley , others see repaying TARP soon
Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS.N ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS.N ) , JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM.N ) and several other big U.S. banks said they were in a position to quickly repay Treasury capital injections after regulators released bank stress test results .
Goldman , which passed the test , said it believed it had met all requirements and was " highly confident that we will soon repay the government 's investment from the TARP's Capital Purchase Program . "
JPMorgan also believes it is eligible to repay the $ 25 billion it has received in taxpayer money , Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said on a conference call with analysts .
" We will be in that process as soon as we can , " said Dimon , who has repeatedly said that the bank did not want to take the funds in the first place .
Shares in the second largest U.S. bank sank more than 5 percent to $ 35.24 in regular trading and climbed slightly after hours to $ 35.85 .
Morgan Stanley , even as it was directed to boost capital by $ 1.8 billion , said it too expected to repay its $ 10 billion in TARP funds " as soon as possible . "
Morgan announced it would sell $ 2 billion in stock and $ 3 billion in 5 - and 10 - year notes not guaranteed by the FDIC .
The debt sale is " multiple times " oversubscribed , sources said .
American Express Co ( AXP ) , Bank of New York Mellon ( BK ) , State Street Corp ( STT ) , U.S. Bancorp ( USB ) and BB&T Corp ( BBT ) said they would seek to repay TARP as soon as they were permitted by regulators .
Citigroup ( C ) , which was found to have a $ 5.5 billion capital shortfall , said it would repay the $ 45 billion it got from Treasury as soon as soon as possible .
The examiners found that nearly all the banks that were evaluated have enough Tier 1 capital to absorb the higher losses envisioned under the hypothetical adverse scenario .
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
No one would mistake the Stone Age ivory carving for a Venus de Milo .
The voluptuous woman depicted is , to say the least , earthier , with huge , projecting breasts and sexually explicit genitals .
Nicholas J. Conard , an archaeologist at the University of Tübingen , in Germany , who found the small carving in a cave last year , said it was at least 35,000 years old , “ one of the oldest known examples of figurative art ” in the world .
It is about 5,000 years older than some other so - called Venus artifacts made by early populations of Homo sapiens in Europe .
Another archaeologist , Paul Mellars of the University of Cambridge , in England , agreed and went on to remark on the obvious .
By modern standards , he said , the figurine ’s blatant sexuality “ could be seen as bordering on the pornographic . ”
Image Side and front views of the Venus of Hohle Fels. Credit ... H. Jensen
The tiny statuette was uncovered in September in a cave in southwestern Germany , near Ulm and the Danube headwaters .
Dr. Conard ’s report on the find is being published Thursday in the journal Nature .
We begin by finding out a little bit about Danny Hennigar and how he became interested and involved in the Oak Island Mystery .
Digging into the Oak Island story , we start at the beginning , in 1795 , and bring newcomers up to speed on how the Money Pit was originally discovered .
We go over a number of the prevalent theories as to what is contained at the bottom of the Money Pit , ranging from ridiculous to serious .
We then discuss what made Oak Island stand out amongst the 300 other islands in Mahone Bay and why it may have been chosen for a hidden treasure .
Danny explains how the ownership of the Island has changed over the years , from the original method of land distribution to present times when there are exclusive owners of the island .
We talk about some of the rivalries on Oak Island amongst the treasure hunters .
From there , we discuss how the evolution of the Oak Island story , from localized lore in Eastern Canada to international phenomenon .
We go over some of the key stumbling blocks that have stymied treasure hunters from getting to the bottom of the Money Pit , including the infamous water shaft that has thwarted treasure hunters for generations .
Next we discuss one of the most famous stories of Oak Island , the tragic death of Robert Restall and three others while searching for the treasure .
This leads to a discussion on the old legend of Oak Island that states " Seven people must die and all Oak Trees removed before the treasure will be revealed " .
Danny tells us about some of the other digging expeditions that have gone on at Oak Island , most notably Borehole 10x , which has a rich history all its own .
Danny details the infamous incident where treasure hunters sent cameras into Borehole 10 x and came back with some startling images .
Looking at another mystery on Oak Island , Danny tells us about " Nolan 's Cross " , a massive cross of boulders that overlays the island .
From there , Danny shares some of the paranormal stories from Oak Island that get lost in the shadow of the Money Pit mystery .
Danny explains how the creation of the Oak Island Tourism Society came about and the long term goals of the OITS .
We talk about the evolution of Oak Island as tourist attraction , Danny shares some stories from the touring years of 1973 to 1995 , and why the tour system shut down .
We get the latest news on what is going on at Oak Island , including a lot of info on the recent purchase of the island , the status on the treasure hunt resurrection , and where thing seem to be headed in the near and future .
We discuss the big buzz of the most recent Explore Oak Island Days , " ground freeze technique " as means to hunt the treasure , and what some of the latest theories are on what is best to obtain the treasure .
Wrapping it up , Danny tells us about his book " The Oak Island Code " , a parody about the Oak Island Mystery , we speculate on whether tours will continue at Oak Island once the treasure hunt resumes and Danny 's teases some info on next year 's Explore Oak Island Days .
Whether you are quoting someone on your blog , inserting clips of CNN into your own video news report , or using a song sample in a musical parody , your free speech often depends on incorporating and referencing other people 's creations as part of your own .
The courts call this " fair use " and strong legal precedents exist to protect the limited use of copyrighted material in your work when you do so for expressive purposes .
Unfortunately , copyright owners often object to these uses and may look for ways to take them offline via the legal system .
A copyright cease - and - desist letter to your webhost or ISP may be all it takes to make your online speech disappear from the Internet — even when the legal claims are transparently bogus .
In particular , copyright claimants are increasingly misusing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) to demand that material be immediately taken down without providing any proof of infringement .
Service providers fearful of monetary damages and legal hassles often comply with these requests without double - checking them despite the cost to free speech and individual rights .
The DMCA also puts anonymous speech in jeopardy ; by misusing its subpoena power , copyright holders can attempt to unmask an Internet user 's identity based on a mere allegation of infringement without filing an actual lawsuit or providing the user any constitutional due process .
And it 's not just copyright law that gets misused .
Trademark owners can also use their rights to censor critics online by claiming that any domain name or website referencing their product is an infringement .
Yet the First Amendment protects commentary and criticism using trademarks as well .
Unless IP claimants are held accountable when they go too far , the situation for online speech will only get worse .
EFF has been fighting to make sure copyright and trademark rights do n't trump free speech by litigating against inappropriate uses of the law .
" Since masculine men and feminine women are thought to produce the healthiest children and sex drive is higher when testosterone levels are also high , these findings suggest that men and women in hormonal states where their interest in sex is highest show stronger attraction to high - quality , or healthy , mates . "
She rarely makes eye contact .
Instead , she looks down at the ground .
Because the ground is safer .
Because unlike people , it expects nothing in return .
She does n’t have to feel ashamed .
The ground just accepts her for who she is .
As she sits at the bar next to me , she stares down at her vodka tonic , and then the ground , and then her vodka tonic .
“ Most people do n’t get me , ” she says .
“ They ask me questions like , ‘ What ’s your problem ? ’ or ‘ Were you beaten as a child ? ’
But I never respond .
Because I do n’t feel like explaining myself .
And I do n’t think they really care anyway . ”
Just then , a young man sits down at the bar on the opposite side of her .
He ’s a little drunk , and says , “ You ’re pretty .
May I buy you a drink ? ”
She stays silent and looks back down at the ground .
After an awkward moment , he accepts the rejection , gets up , and walks away .
“ Would you prefer that I leave too ? ” I ask .
“ No , ” she says without glancing upward .
“ But I could use some fresh air .
You do n’t have to come , but you can if you want to . ”
I follow her outside and we sit on a street curb in front of the bar .
“ Brrr … It ’s a chilly night ! ”
“ Tell me about it , ” she says while maintaining her normal downward gaze .
The warm vapor from her breath cuts through the cold air and bounces off of the ground in front of her .
“ So why are you out here with me ?
I mean , would n’t you rather be inside in the warmth , talking to normal people about normal things ? ”
“ I ’m out here because I want to be .
Because I ’m not normal .
And look , I can see my breath , and we ’re in San Diego .
That ’s not normal either .
Oh , and you ’re wearing old Airwalk shoes , and so am I … Which may have been normal in 1994 , but not anymore . ”
She glances up at me and smirks , this time exhaling her breath upward into the moonlight .
“ I see your ring .
You ’re married , right ? ”
“ Yeah , ” I reply .
“ Well , you ’re off the market … and safe , I guess .
So can I tell you a story ? ” I nod my head .
As she speaks , her emotional gaze shifts from the ground , to my eyes , to the moonlit sky , to the ground , and back to my eyes again .
This rotation continues in a loop for the duration of her story .
And every time her eyes meet mine she holds them there for a few seconds longer than she did during the previous rotation .
I do n’t interject once .
I listen to every word .
And I assimilate the raw emotion present in the tone of her voice and in the depth of her eyes .
When she finishes , she says , “ Well now you know my story .
You think I ’m a freak , do n’t you ? ”
“ Place your right hand on your chest , ” I tell her .
She does .
“ Do you feel something ? ” I ask .
“ Yeah , I feel my heartbeat . ”
“ Now place both of your hands on your face and move them around slowly . ”
She does .
“ What do you feel now ? ” I ask .
“ Well , I feel my eyes , my nose , my mouth … I feel my face . ”
“ That ’s right , ” I reply .
“ But unlike you , stories do n’t have heartbeats , and they do n’t have faces .
Because stories are not alive … they ’re not people .
They ’re just stories . ”
She stares into my eyes for a prolonged moment , smiles and says , “ Just stories we live through . ”
“ Yeah …
And stories we learn from . ”
i ’ll be honest , i’m not much of a morning person .
i’m much more likely to be up until 3 or 4 in the morning and then sleep until lunchtime – except for weekdays , in which case I go to bed around 3 or 4 and drag myself out of bed for work at 8:30 .
it does n’t sound too healthy , but it works for me .
on days when i actually wake up early enough for breakfast , i’m still not very hungry for it .
but one of the few things that can interest me in the morning is an english muffin .
there ’s something about melted butter flooding over the crispy toasted peaks of warm nooks and crannies that is completely irresistible .
even commercials for thomas ’ english muffins have me salivating .
luckily , this recipe was even easier to tackle than i thought , and i probably wo n’t ever buy them from the store again .
it ’s so rewarding to see a recipe come out to look and taste like the real thing .
there was a moment when i was cooking them on the skillet and i got giddy seeing the perfectly toasted cornmeal crusted english muffins really take shape .
it ’s a moment that makes you think “ why is n’t everyone making their own bread ? ” please , please , please try these out this weekend .
is there anything better than smothering an english muffin ( or three ) with butter ?
maybe adding delicious grape jelly is your thing .
or topping with a fried egg .
or maybe you want an open face ham and cheese sandwich ?
i forgot how little self control i have around these little fluffy muffins .
i’m going to have to make more before the week is out .
english muffins
you wo n’t ever buy thomas ’ again .
recipe from Peter Reinhart ’s The Bread Baker ’s Apprentice .
2 1/4 cups flour
1/2 Tbsp sugar
1/4 tsp salt
1 1/4 tsp instant yeast
1 Tbsp shortening or butter ( at room temperature )
3/4 – 1 cup milk ( at room temperature )
cornmeal for sprinkling
1. in a large bowl , stir together the flour , sugar , salt and yeast .
mix in the shortening and 3/4 cup of the milk .
add the remaining milk if the dough is too dry .
2. transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead for about 10 minutes .
place in a lightly oiled bowl and roll to coat .
cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let rise for about an hour .
divide the dough into 6 equal pieces and shape into balls .
lay parchment paper on a baking sheet and spray or lightly coat with oil and sprinkle with cornmeal .
move the dough balls to the baking sheet evenly spaced apart ( giving them room to rise more ) .
cover the pan loosely with plastic wrap and allow them to rise for another hour .
3. heat the oven to 350 F and heat up a skillet on medium heat on the stovetop .
brush the skillet with oil and gently transfer the dough balls to the skillet a few at a time .
allow them to cook on the skillet for 5 - 8 minutes , until the bottoms are nicely browned .
carefully flip and cook the other side for about 5 - 8 minutes more .
they should flatten as they cook .
4. when the muffins look as if they are about to burn , remove them from the skillet with a spatula and transfer quickly to a baking sheet .
bake at 350 for 5 - 8 minutes .
do not wait until all of the muffins have been cooked on the skillet before moving them to the oven – as the first batch is baking , move the second batch of muffins to the skillet .
5. transfer the baked muffins to a cooling rack and let cool for at least 30 minutes before slicing or serving .
serve with lots of butter and jelly .
store them as you would muffins you buy in the store – in a sealed ziploc bag in the fridge or freezer .
By Georgie Rogers and Lucy O'Doherty
6 Music News reporters
The cover was painted by artist Jenny Saville
Enlarge Image
The new Manic Street Preachers album is being shipped to supermarkets in a plain slipcase because its artwork has been deemed " inappropriate " .
Concerns have been raised that the cover for Journal For Plague Lovers , a portrait by artist Jenny Saville , looks like it is splattered with blood .
Singer James Dean Bradfield called the situation " utterly bizarre " .
" We just thought it was a beautiful painting .
We were all in total agreement , " he told BBC 6 Music .
The frontman disagreed that Saatchi favourite Saville , who also painted the cover for the band 's 1994 album The Holy Bible , had intended to depict a bloody face .
" It is her brushwork , " he said .
" If you 're familiar with her work , there 's a lot of ochres and browns and reds and browns and perhaps people are looking for us to be more provocative than we are being .
" We just saw a much more modern version of Lucian Freud - esque brushstrokes .
That 's all we saw . "
You show a piece of art and people just freak out
James Dean Bradfield Bradfield added that the band were frustrated by supermarkets ' attitudes .
" You can have lovely shiny buttocks and guns everywhere in the supermarket on covers of magazines and CDs , but you show a piece of art and people just freak out , " he said .
Supermarkets ' word Four of the main supermarket chains - Sainsburys , Tesco , Asda and Morrisons - are among the shops using the slip cover .
Asda told 6
Music they wanted to be extra cautious in case the artwork upset some of its customers .
Journal For Plague Lovers is Manic Street Preachers ' ninth studio album Meanwhile Nicola Williamson , Sainsbury 's music buyer , said : " We felt that some customers might consider this particular album cover to be inappropriate if it were prominently displayed on the shelf .
" As such , the album will be sold in a sleeve provided by the publisher . "
Journal For Plague Lovers , the Welsh band 's ninth studio album , sees them set the lyrics of former band member Richey Edwards to music , 14 years after the 27 - year - old disappeared from the Embassy Hotel in London 's Bayswater .
Bradfield says that the artwork was an integral part of the project and , for that reason , the band had never considered revising it .
" It 's the first time ever that we actually feel controlled by the idea , which basically stemmed from Richey 's words , " he explained .
" So we 're not going to censor it or anything , because it is what it is .
" It is bizarre that supermarkets actually think that that 's going to impinge on anyone 's psyche . "
Journal For Plague Lovers is released in the UK on Monday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the parking lot , Bob , his partner of 26 years , said goodbye to a photograph .
It was a photograph of he and Kenneth on vacation celebrating their honeymoon 6 years ago after having been “ married ” in a ceremony that meant nothing more than symbolism to a society that was , at turns , benevolent about the whims of a few gay folk , yet smirking about his love for another person of the same sex .
“ Have your fake ceremonies , for what they are worth , but do n’t get obnoxious and ask for anything actually bordering on legal or realistic . ” society told them .
But Kenneth & Bob took it , because validating it to one another was really what counted .
But tonight , it ended up needing to mean so much more .
Bob carried that photograph in his wallet as a reminder of his relationship and what it meant to him .
Tonight , he said goodbye to a smiling face in a picture because he had no legal right to be present to say goodbye to his loved one in person .
So Bob sat in the parking lot in the passenger seat of my car and wondered the fate of the man he had given his love and life to .
He held the only thing at that moment Kenneth ’s family could not take away from him – that photograph .
The hospital , at the behest of Kenneth ’s family , had banned Bob from Kenneth ’s room , or seeing him in the hospital at all .
26 years treated as though they were mere passing acquaintances or work colleagues .
Simply because Kenneth ’s family could never accept their son ’s orientation ( NOT “ lifestyle ” as some refer to it ) .
Tonight , a nurse sympathetic to Bob ’s situation and in violation of the hospital policies , came to the car window and delivered the news to Bob that Kenneth was gone .
And Bob said his goodbyes and wishes of love and peace to a picture .
A fucking photograph .
Held to his chest as though he were holding his loved one in tears .
Because that was all he had .
His partner is gone and his partner ’s family took away the dignity that Bob had a right to as Kenneth ’s lover , confidante , and lifemate to say goodbye .
His husband .
There , I said it .
HUSBAND .
WAS THAT SO SCARY YOU HOMOPHOBIC BIGOTS ?????
To his family :
You took away Bob ’s right to say his goodbyes because of your own misguided fears , but you can never take away his love or his memories .
Your son deserved to hold his partner ’s hand as he went away , knowing Bob loved him and was there to see him to the other side .
You heartless bastards … I hate you right now .
You may laugh at our relationships and dismiss them , but your God weeps for your ignorance and cruelty .
You will never take Bob ’s devotion to Ken away from him …or the smiling photograph of he and Kenneth in happy times .
Ken , tonight , we say goodbye to your photograph .
But we know you understand and forgive us .
You will be missed .
UPDATE : I am sorry for a hit and run diary .
In the cold light of day , nursing a hangover and finally having the tears come , I admit to being a bit shamed by this rant .
I do n’t know why I posted it outside of needing some release , but I do know that I am not at all surprised by the compassion shown here .
This why we call ourselves a community .
Some people have mentioned legal papers as a form of protection from this sort of thing .
Yes , I agree wholeheartedly , as did Bob and Kenneth because they had them drawn up .
But what happened last night revealed a chink in the armour regarding that form of “ protection ” .
Bob did not have access to those papers , because he was with me and not at home .
Long story , but Kenneth spent each Sunday afternoon with his family , but Bob was not welcome there , so he would spend it with my partner and myself .
Kenneth tried , right or wrong , to straddle two divergent worlds – the one of his family and the futile need for their acceptance , and the one he created for himself with his husband and his friends .
Kenneth ’s sister was the one who called Bob to let Bob know that Kenneth was in the hospital , and for that we are grateful .
There was no time , nor presence of mind under the circumstances , to race across Phoenix ( a sprawling place for those who know ) to get a piece of paper to wave in front of some administrator so Bob could be afforded his legal rights .
It would have been too late anyway .
It is n’t the hospital ’s fault either .
They are not there to referee family issues , simply to offer care .
I am not angry with them , and I am certain Bob is n’t either .
I could n’t cry last night .
I was too angry .
Reading some of these comments however has allowed me to “ let it go ” .
Now I ca n’t stop .
Like I needed to make this hangover headache worse !!
It is too painful to respond to everyone right now individually , but please know that each and every one of your comments mean something to me .
I know they will to Bob as well .
Although it is much too raw right now , I intend to print this out and give this to Bob as a reminder that not all is cruel and unjust .
There are people that love him , care and respected his relationship , even without a marriage certificate .
Who knows what the next few days will bring , but I do know Bob is alone at the moment by choice , and I need to go to him .
I take all of you in spirit with me .
Ken would be proud .
Enhancing the Lives of Men and Their Partners
Our clinic focuses on urology , urological reconstructive , and enhancement procedures .
Since 1981 , we have been helping men improve the quality of their sexual life and providing them with a variety of procedures , including Penile Enlargement , Testicular Enlargement , and Penile Prosthesis for Erectile Dysfunction .
Ben Goldacre
The Guardian
Saturday 23 May , 2009
So last week the papers were filled with more quirky , prejudice - affirming , untrue science news .
Here is just one .
“ Man flu : it really does exist , girls ” said the Daily Star .
“ Man flu is not a myth : Female hormones give women stronger immune systems ” said the Daily Mail .
The Daily Telegraph palmed this fantastical assertion off onto “ scientists ” , saying : “ Men succumb to manflu because women have stronger immune systems , claim scientists ” .
“ Women ‘ fight off disease better ’ ” said the BBC .
Now , before we get to the details , here is a question : what if the media was no longer the public ’s key source of information on health ?
The NHS Choices website gets about 6 million unique visitors a month , with no publicity .
There you will find Behind the Headlines ( around 200,000 visitors ) , a service I played a tiny role in helping set up : they take the biggest health news stories each day , find the real scientific evidence behind them , and precis it , clearly , for a lay audience .
Essentially they do the same thing as this column , but without the knob jokes .
What ’s amazing is that there is a need for this service , and so much material .
Here is what they said about man flu coverage : “ The research this story is based on did not look at infection with flu viruses , and cannot prove whether ‘ man flu ’ exists or not .
In addition , the study was in genetically engineered mice , so the results are not necessarily applicable to humans . ”
It gets worse , as they explain .
These mice were given the active human form of a gene called caspase - 12 , which can reduce the body ’s immune response to certain bacteria ( not viruses , like flu ) .
But most people do n’t even have a functioning version of this gene : only people of African descent do , generally , and only 20 % of them , at that .
These mice were then given the Listeria monocytogenes bacteria .
This causes a serious form of food poisoning called listeriosis , which again has nothing to do with flu .
The man flu experiment , as the media described it , has so little to do with either flu or men that to continue with the details would be to miss the point .
And this story was n’t a one off .
“ Smarter girls have far better sex lives ” said the Sun , the Mirror , and the Mail , who went on to claim that this new research on intelligence could also “ lead to new ways of counselling the 40 % of women who find it difficult or impossible to enjoy sex fully ” .
But BtH link to , and precis , the actual research : these were n’t women with sexual problems , the study did n’t look at ways to improve sexual problems , and it did n’t measure intelligence , it measured something the researchers called “ emotional intelligence ” , which makes this all a much less surprising finding .
“ Sunshine can add years to your life ” said the Daily Express .
“ Elderly need more ‘ sun vitamin ’ ” said the BBC .
“ Sunshine ‘ can help you live longer by cutting risk of heart disease and diabetes ’ ” said the Daily Telegraph .
NHS Choices describe the actual research : it ’s a Chinese study , and it did not assess exposure to sunlight .
It simply found that people with low vitamin D blood levels in an old - ish population also had a combination of conditions that would subsequently increase their risk of diabetes and heart disease .
This could have many explanations : perhaps less sunlight ( which makes vitamin D ) ; perhaps poor diet ( you can eat it too ) ; perhaps being fat causes low vitamin D and higher risk of heart disease ; perhaps something you ’ve not thought of yet caused this correlation .
Around half of all science stories these days are medical .
People are interested in finding out about this stuff , for their own interest , and their own health , and yet they are routinely fed nonsense by the media .
When you mention the internet to journalists , they pretend it ’s full of angry bloggers making stuff up .
In reality there are medical research charities , academics , universities ’ own press releases , NHS Choices , and more .
These organisations might want to think more confidently , and much bigger : because with figures like 6 million visitors a month , they are now credible publishers , on a subject where information really matters .
I have to clarify a giant misconception about climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro .
It is not easy !
Before we climbed Mount Kilimanjaro , we were often told , “ Anyone can do it . ” or “ Oh , it ’s an easy climb ” Not true !
We were climbing in a group of seven strong individuals who had just finished cycling 4500 km down the continent of Africa through the hot deserts Sudan and relentless mountains in Ethiopia – but we all agreed , Climbing Mount Kilimanjaro was one of the most physically challenging experiences of our lives .
How Hard is it to Climb Mount Kilimanjaro ?
Yes , climbing Mount Kilimanjaro was difficult , but it was also one of the most exhilarating moments we ’ve ever had .
I am happy to say that our entire group all made it to the summit .
To give you an idea of what we were up against , there was another group of 22 people at our camp and only 9 of them reached the summit .
That ’s less than fifty percent .
65 % is about the average success rate of climbing Kilimanjaro putting all the routes together .
Some routes have a higher success rate but cost more and take longer and others have a lower success rate .
You can read our breakdown of Kilimanjaro routes here .
But if you take proper precautions and are reasonably fit , you have a good chance of making it to the summit .
We are going to tell you exactly what to expect when climbing Mount Kilimanjaro from landing at the airport to reaching the summit .
How Altitude Affects the body
Mount Kilimanjaro is high .
It is 5895 meters high and the trek starts at nearly sea level .
So you will feel the altitude .
It does n’t matter what shape you are in when climbing to altitude .
Your body never knows how it will react until it gets there .
I ’ve heard of marathon runners not being able to climb mountains and I ’ve heard of heavy cigarette smokers having no problem at all .
When you reach altitude , you will probably experience at least one of these symptoms Headache
nausea
dizziness
loss of appetite
lethargy
difficulty sleeping
I almost always have tingly hands .
We saw many people throwing up on our way down from the summit .
Be very careful and watch out for signs of acute altitude sickness .
If symptoms are mild , you will be okay if you take it slow , but if they progress , you should turn around .
When symptoms get severe , it is important not to go up any higher .
The best advice I can give you is that if you want to make it to the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro , climb to altitude somewhere first before you fly to Tanzania .
That way you will know how your body reacts to altitude and you will be prepared for the feeling .
The effects of altitude can be quite unsettling but if you know what to look for it wo n’t freak you out as much once you feel it .
It does n’t matter what shape you are in when climbing to altitude .
Your body never knows how it will react until it gets there .
Arrival at Mount Kilimanjaro Airport
View of Mount Kilimanjaro from the airplane
We flew to Kilimanjaro Airport in Tanzania from Addis Ababa in Ethiopia .
Most flights will arrive at Kilimanjaro Airport located between Moshi and Arusha .
As we soared over Mount Kilimanjaro , I felt a pang of both excitement and fear .
It was Dave ’s birthday and to celebrate , we were climbing Africa ’s highest mountain .
Kilimanjaro is one of the great mountain treks in the world .
We had been cycling Africa for the past 2 months and were in the best shape of our lives .
We were ready to tackle this mammoth peak but were a bit worried about facing sub -zero temperatures .
Best Shape of Our Lives – Ready for Kilimanjaro
Feeling the most fit in all our lives
Cycling does n’t lend itself to carrying heavy hiking boots and warm weather gear , so once we arrived at Kilimanjaro airport , it was time to search for not only an operator to take us up the mountain , but also some reliable mountain climbing gear .
We rented our gear from our tour operator which they included in our trekking price .
They supplied : Warm down jackets
sturdy hiking boots
Trekking poles
Gaiters
Sleeping Bags
Tents
And we put the rest of our ragtag gear together with what we had and purchasing supplies in Moshi .
Skip to our full recommended gear list for Kilimanjaro Read tips for winter layering
We hailed a taxi and made our way to Moshi on the advice of our driver .
After a 45 minute drive taking in the lush landscape along the way , we arrived at Kessy Brothers Tours .
Our driver recommended this local tour operator and we ended up loving their service and price .
After working out a deal , we signed up for the Machame trek up Kilimanjaro the following day .
Machame Route – The Whiskey Route of Kilimanjaro
We chose to climb the Machame Route .
Also known as the Whiskey Route .
This seven - day climb up Mount Kilimanjaro is more challenging than the more popular five - day Marangu Route .
( AKA the Coca Cola Route ) .
You can choose either six or seven days on the Machame Route .
If you have the time , we recommend taking the longer option .
The Machame Route is not only more beautiful and challenging , but it offers a better chance of summiting since we had an extra day to acclimatize to the altitude .
This is very important to help anyone make it to the summit .
Day 1 – Climbing Mount Kilimanjaro
The day begins with a drive through a lush jungle setting where we entered Mount Kilimanjaro National Park at the Machame Gate .
After signing in at the park headquarters , we set off for a five - hour trek up the mountains .
Mount Kilimanjaro is one of the most unique climbs in the world as it starts in the jungle going through several different eco-systems before reaching the glacier .
The Kilimanjaro Climb Starts in the Jungle
Drenched in sweat , we followed our guide , Coleman through the jungle path .
A soft spoken gentleman who kept reminding us to slow down by saying ” pole , pole ” ( Swahili for slowly , slowly ) .
Time went fast as we marvelled at the fact that we were actually climbing Mount Kilimanjaro !
We reached our first camp , The Machame Hut at 3,000 meters ( 9842 feet ) and already felt the effects of being at altitude .
Machame Hut Camp
Luckily , we had the evening to rest and do nothing , as our climb up Kilimanjaro was fully catered .
Tents were already pitched and soup and beverages were waiting for us to rehydrate and replenish our electrolytes .
The hot and humid temperatures of the day , gave way to a chilly evening .
As we dined on a hearty pasta dinner in our dining tent , we were already thankful for the extra layers .
Nighttime on Kilimanjaro
It was early to bed as we still had six days ahead of us , but not before catching our first glimpse of Mount Kilimanjaro .
The sun lit up its snowy peak as it set over the African savanna and we said to ourselves , are we really about to climb up there in just a few short days ?
The camp was quiet as we watched the night sky light up with an incredible display of stars .
We were n’t sure if we were nervous or confident but a wave of calmness came upon us and we drifted off to sleep as the Southern Cross seemed to bid us goodnight .
Day 2 on Mt. Kilimanjaro
The landscape changes again on Kilimanjaro as we passed through the moorlands .
This landscape was completely unexpected as the temperature rose and fell as clouds rolled through creating mist and fog one minute with hot sun and clear skies the next .
The elevation gain today is only 900 meters , but we covered a lot of ground going up and down crossing valleys and rivers .
The landscape changed in front of our eyes as the green forest gave way to more shrubs and low grass .
The scenery was gorgeous feeling more like an the arctic tundra than the heart of Africa .
We were tired but had n’t felt too many effects of altitude .
We had settled into a solid pace and were feeling strong .
The cliffs grew steeper until we made our way to camp 2 , Shira campsite .
Tonight we camped above the clouds .
We were all in now !
Day 3 – Acclimatization Hike
Trekking to Shark Tooth
Today was a fun day to explore .
An acclimatization day conists of going to a higher altitude , but coming back down to a lower elevation sleep .
From 3900 meters , we climbed to 4600 meters to help get our bodies used to the height .
The trees had almost disappeared from view and all that lay before us was a huge valley with Mother Kilimanjaro looming overhead .
Rock formations and lava tubes scattered the valley as we stopped for a photo of the famous Shark Tooth Formation .
The day was beautiful .
Blue skies and sunshine offered unobstructed views and we basked in the beauty before our eyes , marvelling at how lucky we were to be able to witness The Roof of Africa .
Trekking through a cactus forest
The most awe - inspiring site was hiking through a forest of giant cacti strewn amongst the massive boulders on our way back down to our next camp , Barranco Camp .
Dave and I took our time each day capturing photos and videos arriving to camp last each day .
But we knew we were doing fine as our guides kept yelling “ pole , pole . ”
Climbing Kilimanjaro is not a race and we were grateful to take our time while on the trail soaking in these once in a lifetime views .
Even arriving to camp late gave us plenty of time to rest and relax .
We would n’t have it any other way .
Day 4 – Barranco Wall
scrambling up the barranco wall
The next two days were exciting as we scrambled up sheer rock faces of the Barranco Wall .
This was the most exciting part of our Mount Kilimanjaro climb .
Keeping three points of contact at all times , we scaled 257 meters ( 843 feet ) above the Barranco Valley .
As we clung to the side of the cliffs , we were in awe of the porters who managed to gracefully maneuver the cliff with hands in their pockets and heavy loads on their heads .
No other trek on earth has so many ecosystems to hike through as Kilimanjaro .
Once we reached the top of the Barranco Wall , it was another few hours of hiking through the Karangu Valley which was our last water point before the summit .
Camping above the Clouds
Arriving at Karangu Camp our jaws dropped seeing our tents set up above the clouds overlooking a deep valley .
Things were getting real now !
Day 5 – Mweka trail to Base Camp
Day five took us over a barren landscape as the glacier loomed overhead .
This was a shorter day , but it was much needed .
When climbing the Whiskey Route you have a choice of 6 or 7 days .
We did n’t take any chances , and booked a seven day trek to ensure a good chance of reaching the summit .
The longer your body has at altitude , the more prepared it is for staying strong and being able to finish .
We had an early dinner and went straight to our tents to try our best to sleep .
Day 6 – Summit Day Uhuru Peak
It was a fitful sleep ( nap really ) filled with nerves and excitement .
It seemed as though we just fell asleep when our guides woke us up at 11:15 pm .
After hot tea and cookies , we were on the trail at midnight making our final push to the 5,985 - metre summit .
The air was freezing and we looked up to see trails of headlamps already up the mountain .
Other groups had left hours earlier .
But we felt strong and confident that we would still make it in time for sunrise .
We pushed forward for six hours , steadily passing other parties without a word .
There was n’t a lot of talking , it was a time to push through the pain while suffering in solitude .
The Mood Quickly Changed
Furtwangler Glacier
At about 5500 meters , we all started feeling it .
Where we once felt confident and invincible , we had now hit that dreaded wall and it took every effort to move one foot in front of the other .
As the hours passed , doubt crept into our minds as we gasped for air taking sips from our freezing water bottles that were quickly turning to ice .
We would gasp for air and collapse to the ground trying to catch our breath during what short breaks we had .
A couple of us had diarrhea .
One fellow in our group swore he had an out of body experience , and Dave mentioned later that he was literally falling asleep he walked .
We all just wanted to curl up and go to sleep .
But we carried on .
Coleman would only give us a limited break , probably knowing that we would n’t get back up if we stayed for too long .
Reaching the Summit of Mount Kilimanjaro
Clearly our guide Coleman had been reading our progress throughout the week knowing exactly when to leave camp and how quickly to walk because he timed our summit at the precise moment the sun broke through the clouds .
Our group was alone at the famous summit of Kilimanjaro billboard and although we were happy , it was a quiet celebration .
It was - 24 degrees Celcius without the wind .
It felt more like - 40 degrees with the windchill .
Perhaps it was exhaustion , perhaps fatigue , and suffering the effects of altitude , but at this point , we had n’t felt the euphoria we expected .
Instead , we quickly snapped our photographs offering a mild almost monotone congratulations to each other .
We still had 2 1/ 2 hours to go back down to camp , and there was nothing we wanted to do less in our lives !
The day took an entire nine hours to complete .
Six hours up , a half hour at the summit and another 2 1/2 hours down .
We snapped some photos by the sign as our hands quickly froze and then we started back down as soon as possible .
The Descent
Sun rising and lighting up Furtwangler Glacier
On our way down , we got a chance to see what we climbed that night .
I am glad we did it in the dark , I would have been terrified if I actually saw the sheer drops and steep grades .
We made our way down as fast as we could sliding in the scree .
With a quick stop for food at our previous night ’s camp , we continued on to an altitude of 3,000 meters where we had our final night ’s rest on Mount Kilimanjaro .
A Really Long Day
In reality , our summit push combined with our descent was a punishing 30 hours of trekking on Mount Kilimanjaro .
The descent was steep and slippery .
I must have fallen 15 times .
The fatigue was huge and missteps happened a lot .
Descending Mount Kilimanjaro is hard .
Hard on the knees , the calves , the thighs , and the mind .
We passed several parties on our way down after reaching the top who were throwing up , giving up , and wanting to go on , but had no chance of making it because they just had too far to go .
We finally made it to our tents by 3:30 pm and were ready to collapse .
It was n’t until after a short nap at 3000 meters altitude that we finally felt the elation we expected .
Having a celebratory toast of champagne , we instantly forgot the pain and suffering of the last 24 hours .
The final two days of climbing Mount Kilimanjaro were literally one of the hardest things I have done in my life .
But we had conquered Mount Kilimanjaro and lived to tell the story .
Final Day on Mount Kilimanjaro
The following day , all that was left was an easy two - hour walk to the bottom , where we collected our Climb Mount Kilimanjaro certificates and exchanged stories with fellow climbers .
Having spent six days on the mountain without a shower and wearing the same clothes that we started in , we felt dirty and smelly , but we did n’t care – we had just climbed Africa ’s highest peak .
We had a beer at 9:45 am to toast our guides and fellow climbers and literally bought the T - shirt .
We had been there , done that and bought the T - shirt to prove it .
Relaxing in Zanzibar
Enjoying the beach in Zanzibar
Ending our Mount Kilimanjaro
Trek with a flight to paradise was the perfect way to end the trip .
Zanzibar is Tanzania ’s island destination and we spent a few days lounging on the beach , soaking in the sun and mending our aching muscles .
It was n’t long before we forgot the pain and suffering and soon started telling everyone we met “ it was n’t so bad , anyone can do it !
Ahhh , Climbing Kilimanjaro was magical and now we feel like we could conquer anything .
But first , we must chill .
Hakuna Matata ( No Problem )
What to Pack to Climb Mount Kilimanjaro
We have done many high altitude treks since Mount Kilimanjaro and can attest that our gear was n’t optimal since we were cycling Africa .
If we were to do it again , this is what we ’d pack .
Packing List for Kilimanjaro
What Kilimanjaro Route to Choose
Machame Route – 6 or 7 Days
This was the route we took and loved it .
It is one of the most beautiful routes as well .
The 7 - day option has a higher success rate .
80 % success rate for 7 days , 70 % for 6 days .
It is challenging with scrambling at the Barranco Wall .
– 6 or 7 Days
This was the route we took and loved it .
It is one of the most beautiful routes as well .
The 7 - day option has a higher success rate .
80 % success rate for 7 days , 70 % for 6 days .
It is challenging with scrambling at the Barranco Wall .
Marangu Route –
This is a good route if you want to stay in huts .
It is the most popular and most crowded as it uses the same trail up and down .
It is the most affordable , but it also has the lowest success rate of about 40 % .
– This is a good route if you want to stay in huts .
It is the most popular and most crowded as it uses the same trail up and down .
It is the most affordable , but it also has the lowest success rate of about 40 % .
Lemosho Route – 7 or 8 Days .
This is Kilimanjaro ’s newest route and is said to be the most beautiful .
Plus it has far fewer crowds than the other routes .
But it is more expensive .
It has a 90 % success rate !
– 7 or 8 Days .
This is Kilimanjaro ’s newest route and is said to be the most beautiful .
Plus it has far fewer crowds than the other routes .
But it is more expensive .
It has a 90 % success rate !
Northern Circuit – 9 or 11 - days Another good option for success rate .
It is much longer staying at lower altitudes for longer .
– 9 or 11 - days Another good option for success rate .
It is much longer staying at lower altitudes for longer .
Rongai Route – 6 or 7 Days .
A good option for the rainy season as it starts on the north side of the mountain .
Kessy Brothers has a full breakdown on their website .
And I recommend doing the research to see which route fits your budget , your skill level and the amount of time you have in Tanzania .
We know that travellers often have a limited time and want to combine a trek with a safari and a trip to Zanzibar .
If only we all had deep pockets and unlimited time right ?
How Much Does it Cost to Climb Kilimanjaro ?
A Mount Kilimanjaro Climb
Cost can vary greatly .
If you have the time and can book once you arrive , you will get a great deal .
Booking local cuts out the middle man and you do n’t have to pay western rates .
Tours can be booked in Arusha or Moshi .
Arusha is more of the main hub for travelers who are also going on safari .
On Average , treks up Mount Kilimanjaro begin at $ 2000 USD .
By booking in Moshi , we paid less and felt that our tour was just as good as the others we saw .
Perhaps our tents were the matching glam tents , but we had excellent service and meals .
Be sure to tip your guides , we suggest 10 - 20 % of the cost .
They work hard and are paid very little .
You can book Kilimanjaro Climbs through organized tour operators like Intrepid Travel and G Adventures who are both reliable and good companies .
For more luxury you can go with Abercrombie & Kent , Geographic Expeditions or Lindblad .
We really enjoyed climbing with Kessy Brothers based in Tanzania .
Read Next :
Some tweaks on Valve 's side of things may already have improved the controversial but still - evolving new system the company has been using to randomly grant players access to new items in Team Fortress 2 .
Advertisement
It may have been invisible to players but Team Fortress 2 director Robin Walker told Kotaku today that some of the issues with the new item - drop system in the popular game have already kicked in , hopefully soothing some of the frustration some players have been having with it .
" Last night we fixed one major problem that accounted for a lot of those cases where people were finding multiple items at once and where other people were n't finding anything at all , " Walker said .
" So we fixed that .
We 're not at all sure that that fixed everything , so we 're going to keep plugging away at that . "
Advertisement
The change was made at the Valve server end and was activated without need for a title update .
That tweak last night was part of the TF2's team 's attempt to improve the transition from the game 's original Achievement - based item - unlocking system and the new one that is supposed to grant new character - improving weapons and other items on a random basis .
Such a system has been crucial to enjoyment of the game , as the items in question afford characters in the game lasting improvements .
That transition began earlier this month and was explained on the game 's official blog .
Walker elaborated on the reason to switch from the old Achievement system to the randomized one for Kotaku today :
" The main reason we made the change came directly out of customer feedback to our previous system , " Walker said .
" That had its pros and cons .
One of the pros was that people could work expressly toward unlocking something and they could get some sense of their progress . …
But on the con side there were that a large number of people — in fact the bulk of our customers , because we get all the stats — who never managed to complete many of the achievements or unlock those things .
And so we looked at the pros and cons and wanted to build another system .
Advertisement
" The reason we went with the current system which is essentially fully random is because it's a nice little step .
Like everything we do , we like to iterate and take into account customer feedback .
We 're aware that this [ new system ] has some negatives .
You can't really work toward finding things .
But , on the other hand , all of our customers get to play with the new toys now , which for us is really nice .
For us , the question is : ' Where do we go next ? ' "
Walker said that Valve will continue to iterate and improve the unlocking system and has already announced a plan to re-introduce ways for players to actively unlock items , though it does n't sound like the team is reverting purely to the old model .
Advertisement
What Walker and the team first wants to do is ensure that the new randomized system is working the way it was intended .
Tweaks like Valve 's last night should make that happen .
And only then can the developers truly determine which systems are best and what the best way to proceed is .
How best to reward players is a fundamental question .
What should you be able to get through the hard work of playing toward a goal ?
And what should be accessible to all over some period of time ?
It 's no easy question to answer and one which no system may be able to solve to everyone 's satisfaction .
I have been reading a bit of late on Constraint Programming and thought I 'd dump some of the links that have helped me along the way .
One problem I find with learning Constraint Programming is that I easily get bogged down in the details of implementation and theory .
In basic terms , CP consists of a three stage process : ( 1 ) Declare the domain ( range ) of the variables ; ( 2 ) Declare the constraints on those variables ; and ( 3 ) Search for solutions .
The 1st and 2nd stages can be combined without too much loss , but there seems to be a general consensus that search should be kept separate as much as possible , since it usually is the most expensive and the least declarative .
Most of the resources concentrate on the details about how to go about defining programs in these three stages , as well as giving hints about limiting the combinatorial explosion of the search .
The best tutorial I 've found is Finite Domain Constraint Programming in Oz which gives a pretty good practical introduction to the subject .
Constraint Programming in Alice is a related work in progress that follows the same general outline .
For those who like slide presentations , the lecture notes of Christian Schulte and Guido Tack are good resources .
Both Christian and Guido are working on the implementation of Gecode , which is a set of libraries ( in C++ ) that seek to take the model of computation spaces , as first realized in Oz , and extend their reach into other programming languages ( Christian uses Java , while Guido uses Alice ) .
For a more detailed look , Christian Schulte 's PhD thesis on Programming Constraint Services is an in depth treatise on the use of computation spaces for CP .
One book I 've been eyeing is Constraint Based Local Search which uses COMET as the PL .
My only hesitation is that I do n't quite grok the concept of Local Search - a search method that is supposed to be quite efficient but not guaranteed to find a solution .
Anyone care to hit me with a clue - by - four on Local Search ?
Although the pace of new H1N1 infections seemingly slowed Saturday -- with a total of 195 cases now reported in the United States and 793 worldwide , and a few even turning up in pigs -- a World Health Organization official said he thought that the agency ’s infectious disease alert level ultimately would be raised to its highest point .
“ At the present time , I would still propose that a pandemic is imminent because we are seeing the disease spread , ” said Michael Ryan , the agency ’s director of global alert and response , at a Geneva news conference .
“ We have to expect that Phase 6 will be reached ; we have to hope that it is not . ”
The level will be raised when the agency sees evidence of sustained person - to - person transmission of the virus outside North America .
So far , he emphasized , that has not occurred , with the exception of a handful of cases .
On Monday , the agency raised the alert level to Phase 4 from the normal Phase 3 , a sign that a pandemic was imminent or inevitable .
The triggering event for the increase was the sustained transmission of the virus in two countries , the United States and Mexico .
Advertisement
That increase had little effect on industrialized countries , which already were making extensive preparations to combat an outbreak of the disease , unofficially known as swine flu .
But it was viewed as a call to less - developed countries to step up their planning .
On Wednesday , the WHO raised the alert level to Phase 5 .
Ryan said the WHO would send 72 developing countries 2.4 million courses of the antiviral agent Tamiflu from its emergency stockpile .
The drug ’s manufacturer , Roche , said that it would send an additional 3 million doses and that it was scaling up production of the drug .
The latest U.S. count includes six new cases in California , bringing the total to 24 .
The count also includes 12 new cases in New York , two in Florida , and one each in Connecticut , Missouri , Utah , New Hampshire and Rhode Island , the first cases in those states .
Advertisement
Ryan said that about one - third of U.S. cases resulted from people visiting Mexico .
The rest contracted it through human - to - human transmission locally .
Worldwide , Italy confirmed its first H1N1 case in a man who recently returned from Mexico , and Ireland confirmed its first case .
Costa Rica also confirmed a case , the first in the Caribbean outside Mexico .
Canadian officials also said Saturday that they had confirmed the presence of the H1N1 virus in a small herd of pigs in Alberta and that the swine had been quarantined .
It marked the first time the new virus has been discovered in animals , even though swine flu viruses are common .
Officials believe that the pigs were infected by a Canadian farmworker who visited Mexico and fell ill after returning home .
Both farmer and pigs were said to be recovering .
Advertisement
In Mexico , Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova said the outbreak there might not be as serious as first thought .
Out of more than 1,000 suspect cases so far , he said , 473 cases were confirmed to be H1N1 .
Emergency rooms at Mexican hospitals also have reported fewer patients in recent days .
Cordova said he was not declaring the scare over .
“ It would still be imprudent to say that we ’re past the worst of it , but I do think . . . we are in a stage of stabilization , ” he added .
“ Is it stabilizing or not ?
I think it is too early to say , ” said Dr. Steve Waterman of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , speaking to reporters in Mexico City .
“ But I think we are getting systems in place where we are going to be able to get a handle on this soon . ”
Some Mexico
City residents , tired of being shut inside their homes after more than a week , ventured outside on Saturday .
Advertisement
At a popular park in the Condesa neighborhood , about 30 children romped in a sun-drenched playground that most weekends draws hundreds of visitors .
A few wore face masks , but the scene looked almost normal after a week in which schools were closed and children virtually disappeared from public view .
Jorge Garcia , 65 , a retired accountant , accompanied his two granddaughters to the park after days of staying in .
“ I could n’t take being in the house with them anymore , ” he said .
Most public places , including the vast Chapultepec park , remained closed , however .
Despite the good news from Mexico , China said Saturday that it was suspending flights from Mexico to Shanghai after the discovery of H1N1 in a Mexican tourist in Hong Kong .
Singapore announced a one - week quarantine for anyone arriving from Mexico .
Advertisement
An estimated 200 guests and 100 staffers were quarantined in the Hong Kong hotel where the Mexican tourist was staying , and all are receiving Tamiflu .
The aggressive reaction by health authorities , experts said , stems from that country ’s experiences in fighting the SARS outbreak in 2003 .
Mexican Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa objected to China ’s actions , charging that “ Mexican citizens showing no signs at all of being ill have been isolated under unacceptable conditions . ”
She said the Foreign Ministry “ recommends avoiding traveling to China until these measures are corrected . ”
. President Obama on Saturday spoke with Mexican President Felipe Calderon to share information about efforts to contain the virus .
Advertisement
Conservative commentators in the U.S. have been using the H1N1 outbreak as an opportunity to attack illegal immigration , charging that poor Mexicans will flock to the U.S. for treatment .
They cite the case of the Mexican toddler who died of swine flu Monday in a Houston hospital .
But the Associated Press on Saturday identified the 21 - month - old as Miguel Tejada Vazquez , the scion of a wealthy family .
Miguel ’s grandfather is Mario Vazquez Rana , 76 , who heads Mexico ’s Olympic Committee and is on the International Olympic Committee ’s 15 - member board .
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Ken Ellingwood in Mexico City contributed to this report .
Previously we looked at how the kernel manages virtual memory for a user process , but files and I /O were left out .
This post covers the important and often misunderstood relationship between files and memory and its consequences for performance .
Two serious problems must be solved by the OS when it comes to files .
The first one is the mind - blowing slowness of hard drives , and disk seeks in particular , relative to memory .
The second is the need to load file contents in physical memory once and share the contents among programs .
If you use Process Explorer to poke at Windows processes , you ’ll see there are ~ 15MB worth of common DLLs loaded in every process .
My Windows box right now is running 100 processes , so without sharing I ’d be using up to ~ 1.5 GB of physical RAM just for common DLLs .
No good .
Likewise , nearly all Linux programs need ld.so and libc , plus other common libraries .
Happily , both problems can be dealt with in one shot : the page cache , where the kernel stores page - sized chunks of files .
To illustrate the page cache , I ’ll conjure a Linux program named render , which opens file scene .dat and reads it 512 bytes at a time , storing the file contents into a heap - allocated block .
The first read goes like this :
After 12 KB have been read , render 's heap and the relevant page frames look thus :
This looks innocent enough , but there ’s a lot going on .
First , even though this program uses regular read calls , three 4KB page frames are now in the page cache storing part of scene .
dat .
People are sometimes surprised by this , but all regular file I /O happens through the page cache .
In x86 Linux , the kernel thinks of a file as a sequence of 4 KB chunks .
If you read a single byte from a file , the whole 4KB chunk containing the byte you asked for is read from disk and placed into the page cache .
This makes sense because sustained disk throughput is pretty good and programs normally read more than just a few bytes from a file region .
The page cache knows the position of each 4KB chunk within the file , depicted above as # 0 , # 1 , etc .
Windows uses 256KB views analogous to pages in the Linux page cache .
Sadly , in a regular file read the kernel must copy the contents of the page cache into a user buffer , which not only takes cpu time and hurts the cpu caches , but also wastes physical memory with duplicate data .
As per the diagram above , the scene . dat contents are stored twice , and each instance of the program would store the contents an additional time .
We ’ve mitigated the disk latency problem but failed miserably at everything else .
Memory - mapped files are the way out of this madness :
When you use file mapping , the kernel maps your program ’s virtual pages directly onto the page cache .
This can deliver a significant performance boost : Windows System Programming reports run time improvements of 30 % and up relative to regular file reads , while similar figures are reported for Linux and Solaris in Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment .
You might also save large amounts of physical memory , depending on the nature of your application .
As always with performance , measurement is everything , but memory mapping earns its keep in a programmer ’s toolbox .
The API is pretty nice too , it allows you to access a file as bytes in memory and does not require your soul and code readability in exchange for its benefits .
Mind your address space and experiment with mmap in Unix - like systems , CreateFileMapping in Windows , or the many wrappers available in high level languages .
When you map a file its contents are not brought into memory all at once , but rather on demand via page faults .
The fault handler maps your virtual pages onto the page cache after obtaining a page frame with the needed file contents .
This involves disk I/O if the contents were n’t cached to begin with .
Now for a pop quiz .
Imagine that the last instance of our render program exits .
Would the pages storing scene .dat in the page cache be freed immediately ?
People often think so , but that would be a bad idea .
When you think about it , it is very common for us to create a file in one program , exit , then use the file in a second program .
The page cache must handle that case .
When you think more about it , why should the kernel ever get rid of page cache contents ?
Remember that disk is 5 orders of magnitude slower than RAM , hence a page cache hit is a huge win .
So long as there ’s enough free physical memory , the cache should be kept full .
It is therefore not dependent on a particular process , but rather it ’s a system - wide resource .
If you run render a week from now and scene .
dat is still cached , bonus !
This is why the kernel cache size climbs steadily until it hits a ceiling .
It ’s not because the OS is garbage and hogs your RAM , it ’s actually good behavior because in a way free physical memory is a waste .
Better use as much of the stuff for caching as possible .
Due to the page cache architecture , when a program calls write ( ) bytes are simply copied to the page cache and the page is marked dirty .
Disk I / O normally does not happen immediately , thus your program does n’t block waiting for the disk .
On the downside , if the computer crashes your writes will never make it , hence critical files like database transaction logs must be fsync ( ) ed ( though one must still worry about drive controller caches , oy ! ) .
Reads , on the other hand , normally block your program until the data is available .
Kernels employ eager loading to mitigate this problem , an example of which is read ahead where the kernel preloads a few pages into the page cache in anticipation of your reads .
You can help the kernel tune its eager loading behavior by providing hints on whether you plan to read a file sequentially or randomly ( see madvise ( ) , readahead ( ) , Windows cache hints ) .
Linux does read - ahead for memory - mapped files , but I ’m not sure about Windows .
Finally , it ’s possible to bypass the page cache using O_DIRECT in Linux or NO_BUFFERING in Windows , something database software often does .
A file mapping may be private or shared .
This refers only to updates made to the contents in memory : in a private mapping the updates are not committed to disk or made visible to other processes , whereas in a shared mapping they are .
Kernels use the copy on write mechanism , enabled by page table entries , to implement private mappings .
In the example below , both render and another program called render3d ( am I creative or what ? ) have mapped scene .dat privately .
Render then writes to its virtual memory area that maps the file :
The read - only page table entries shown above do not mean the mapping is read only , they ’re merely a kernel trick to share physical memory until the last possible moment .
You can see how ‘ private ’ is a bit of a misnomer until you remember it only applies to updates .
A consequence of this design is that a virtual page that maps a file privately sees changes done to the file by other programs as long as the page has only been read from .
Once copy - on - write is done , changes by others are no longer seen .
This behavior is not guaranteed by the kernel , but it ’s what you get in x86 and makes sense from an API perspective .
By contrast , a shared mapping is simply mapped onto the page cache and that ’s it .
Updates are visible to other processes and end up in the disk .
Finally , if the mapping above were read - only , page faults would trigger a segmentation fault instead of copy on write .
Dynamically loaded libraries are brought into your program ’s address space via file mapping .
There ’s nothing magical about it , it ’s the same private file mapping available to you via regular APIs .
Below is an example showing part of the address spaces from two running instances of the file - mapping render program , along with physical memory , to tie together many of the concepts we ’ve seen .
This concludes our 3 - part series on memory fundamentals .
I hope the series was useful and provided you with a good mental model of these OS topics .
62 Comments
Photography can become more interesting and inspiring when it has creativity and humor as well .
Today , we are showing you 21 Fantastic Examples Of Creative Photography With Humor .
I appreciate to all those talented photographers who taken these excellent photos with their efforts , imaginations and creativity to give us a chance to see these photographic wonders from their creative eyes .
This list is not long in numbers but I promise you that when you start browsing them in details it will surely refresh you and force you to know more about these photographers .
You are welcome if you want to share more creative photography with humor that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Click on the images to go from where the images has been taken and learn more about their creators and to appreciate them .
You may be interested in these older posts
31 Masterpieces Of Creative And Clever Advertising Concepts
23 Magical Photographs To Believe That Are Not Photoshopped
13 Premium - Like WordPress Themes That Are Free And Stunning
21 Really Stunning Photoshopped Photos For Creative Inspiration
17 Mind-Blowing Digital Painting Tutorials Of Beautiful Girls
43 Of The Extremely Creative Wonders Of Macro Photography
27 Best Places You Should Visit To Get Incredible Web Design Inspiration !
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
21 Extremely Vibrant And Creative Advertisements With Animals
39 Masterpieces Of Creative Advertisements
17 Digital Image Illustration Which You Probably Never Seen Before !
15 Digital Photo Manipulation From Flickr To Get Inspiration
23 Awesome Photos That Look Like They ’re Photoshopped But Are Not
Out of Balance by Jeannette Oerlemans
Six feet by Lev Tsimring
envy by Fulvio Pellegrini
Please wait a little by Marc Siewior
Turtle and apple by Vedran Vidak
Collaboration by ryandws
Kung Fu Master by Lina Gunawan
Softdrink Addict by Andrei
About a dream by Jurga
Sunshine in a cup by She Hates Monday
Tired by Bill Mangold
Teaser by Johan Lind
So Hungry by Heath Carney
Say , Harold , have n’t we seen her before ? by Ursula I Abresch
I ’ll never talk to you again by Adrifil
Passionate by Ursula I Abresch
You are my best Friend by Jani
Ohhh Nooooo !!! by Mark B Bartosik
Anatomy Lessons by Paul van Geldrop
No Birds by Sameli
Bicho by Barbara C .
Brazil said it now aimed to diversify its range of products to China .
Currently the bulk of Brazilian exports is made up of soya beans , for Chinese tofu , iron ore , cellulose and fuel .
President Lula is expected to ink further oil and gas deals when he arrives in Beijing for talks on May 18 .
During the last week this mysterious message made its way across the internet :
SEMIOTEXT(E ) Book Launch : The Coming Insurrection by the Invisible Committee “ Two centuries of capitalism and market nihilism have brought us to the most extreme alienations — from ourselves , from others , from worlds .
The fiction of the individual has decomposed with the same speed that it once became real .
Children of the metropolis , we offer this wager : that it ’s in the most profound deprivation of existence — perpetually stifled , perpetually conjured away — that the possibility of communism resides . ”
— The Coming Insurrection , Introduction to the English edition THE COMING INSURRECTION has been labeled a “ manual for terrorism ” by the French government , who recently arrested its alleged authors .
Philosopher Giorgio Agamben has called the book “ one of the most intelligent works of our time ” and numerous commentators have seen it as a heir to the legacy of situationist Guy Debord .
Meanwhile , bootleg translations have circulated around the world and passages from the book appeared on the walls of Athens during last December ’s uprising .
Anonymously written in the wake of the riots that erupted throughout the Paris suburbs in the fall of 2005 , THE COMING INSURRECTION articulates a rejection of the official Left and its reformist agenda , aligning itself instead with the growing number of those — in France , in the United States , and elsewhere — who refuse the idea that theory , politics , and life are separate realms .
Please join us for the official book launch , including discussion of the text as well as content - appropriate activities , on Sunday , June 14 at 5 pm on the fourth floor of Union Square Barnes and Noble .
I arrived at the fourth floor of Barnes and Nobles right on time .
The auditorium - style meeting area was already mostly filled with those in - the - know along with a few dozen confused onlookers who sensed something was up , many of them Barnes and Nobles employees .
As if scripted , a manager appeared on the scene promptly at 5 , saying “ Listen , I do n’t know why you ’re all here , but there ’s no event here today .
There ’s the Joe Scarborough reading here tomorrow , so you ’re welcome to come back then … ”
He was cut off by an unidentified individual taking the stage with the energy and confidence of a motivational speaker , saying “ We ’re sorry the Invisible Committee could n’t make it today , but is everyone still interested in a reading and discussion of The Coming Insurrection ? ”
The crowd emphatically clapped and cheered and the man continued to read the first chapter of the book , “ I AM WHAT I AM ” a discussion of the marketing of identity via corporate advertising .
Soon a large security guard made his way to the stage and grabbed the the man mid-sentence .
Emphatic boos from the crowd and physical intervention from a few concerned on - lookers forced the guard away and the reading continued for ten solid minutes , eventually degenerating into a profanity - filled rant about the misery of work and the banal New York art scene .
Uniformed NYPD ( apparently on Barnes and Noble ’s payroll ? ) eventually put an end to the disruption , threatening the speaker with arrest .
After short deliberation , it was announced the reading would move to Union Square park .
As the 50 - strong crowd filtered out in a surprisingly calm manner , several attendees fell back and used the diversion to fill their bags with whatever books they pleased .
Instead of proceeding directly to the park , the crowd moved next door to high - brand make - up outlet Sephora , where they were able to use their bodies to keep security away while the book was passed around for anyone to read aloud , others helping themselves to free samples of bronzer and eyeliner .
After a few minutes the employees ’ pleas for the mob to leave were honored as we took to the streets again , this time walking towards the nearest Starbucks–already on the alert for rowdy interventionist protests due to its long - running suppression of IWW union activity there .
Cops arrived almost immediately ; one person received a summons for disorderly conduct for reading atop a table .
The group , which had dwindled after the appearance of about a dozen police , resigned themselves to reading , talking , and taunting the police from the park as they had previously decided .
The Coming Insurrection is the first official U.S. publication of the Invisible Committee ’s collection of propaganda centered around the reclamation of “ communism ” as a tactic for global insurrection .
The text gained international attention following the arrest of the Tarnac 9 , accused of taking part in the strike - related sabotage of railways in France .
The Coming Insurrection was used as evidence that this group , allegedly involved in its publication , espoused terrorist tactics .
The book was labeled a “ manual for terrorism . ”
There is much discussion of tactics in The Coming Insurrection , but nothing so incendiary as how to brew a molly .
Instead , the book urges the formation of hundreds of communes based on the principle of friendship ( “ All affinity is affinity within a common truth ” ) , forming in “ every factory , every street , every village , every school ” and the “ multiplication ” of these communes .
Quick to point out its base differences from the organized left , the Invisible Committee has revived the slogan of the Russian Revolution : “ All Power to the Communes , ” which was briefly chanted in Sephora .
The text ’s reappropriation of communism culminates in a total break from Marxism , even finding itself tracking contemporary anti-civilization arguments , attacking ecological concerns as following the logic of capitalism :
“ They hired our parents to destroy the world , and now they ’d like to put us to work rebuilding it — to add insult to injury — at a profit . ”
The chapter triumphantly concludes : “ As long as there is Man and Environment the police will be there between them . ”
The entirety of The Coming Insurrection has been conveniently posted in blog form .
The PDF format of an early translation can be viewed here and downloaded here .
It should be noted that the newer translation is far more eloquent and the Semiotext ( e ) edition itself is academic - looking , quite attractive , and will fit right in your pocket .
You can buy it for $ 12.95 from MIT press ’ website .
RELATED POSTS :
“ BUSH MUST NOT BE ALLOWED TO KILL HIMSELF ” : Arthur Magazine columnist Dave Reeves on how Americans can restore our nation ’s good name
( from Arthur Magazine No. 29 / May 2008 )
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : atomicwarplease
2009-05 -28 06:45 pm ( UTC )
No !
Where is the image D :
From : rosyatrandom
2009-05 -28 06:48 pm ( UTC )
I hate to knitpick , but THIS POST IS EMPTY !
From : shihtzu
2009-05 -28 06:48 pm ( UTC )
" Reginald " should put that on Threadless .
From : thirdhand
2009 -05 - 29 06:04 am ( UTC )
Or get them boys at topatoco to whip up a few dozen .
( Deleted comment )
From : nedroidcomics
2009-05 - 28 07:00 pm ( UTC )
The fact that you laughed at this means you legally can't sue me for lifting it from our conversation
From : kingkibble
2009-05 -28 07:07 pm ( UTC )
It is going to be a pain when that thing turns to stone during the day
From : tmbg13
2009-05 -28 08:21 pm ( UTC )
Yeah , but at night the sweater sounds like Keith David .
That totally makes up for it .
From : not_a_freak
2009-05 - 28 07:10 pm ( UTC )
I would wear the shit out of that sweater .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-05 -28 09:13 pm ( UTC )
That sounds messy .
From : princessmiwi
2009-05 - 28 07:30 pm ( UTC )
I really want a sweater like that ... xD
( Deleted comment )
From : boktingen
2009-05 -28 09:44 pm ( UTC )
Are you accusing Reginald of not actually knitting the sweater himself like he said he did ?
From : gravityslave
2009-05 -28 08:01 pm ( UTC )
Oh . My. God. * sporfle *
May I share this one ?
I 'm a knitting fiend and so are many of my friends .
From : nedroidcomics
2009-05 -28 08:19 pm ( UTC )
Please share away !
From : queendn
2009-05 - 28 08:30 pm ( UTC )
His grammar is impeccable .
From : fayefaery
2009-05-28 08:57 pm ( UTC )
oh , man , i'm getting all cuteoverload thinking about beartato 's tiny arms going into those GIANT sleeves !
From : pomly
2009-05-28 09:12 pm ( UTC )
I wish Reginald would knit one of those for me .
From : rosyatrandom
2009-05-28 09:42 pm ( UTC )
That is not really going to fit Beartato , is it ?
In fact , it looks like a pretty good fit for ...
Reginald .
Hmmm .
The Ambush Virus is spreading at Fox News .
Earlier this week , producer Griff Jenkins ambushed history professor Alan Brinkley over the wording of a few lines in one of his textbooks :
Jenkins claimed that the network invited Brinkley onto the program , but Fox News has been known to lie about inviting its perceived enemies on air .
ThinkProgress contacted Brinkley and it turns out Fox extended an invitation to him only after stalking and ambushing him :
A Fox News crew was waiting for me when I left my home yesterday , followed me for two blocks with questions and accusations , and then left .
Later that day , I was asked to come onto the show , which I declined to do .
I did e-mail the person who invited me with responses to the two mistaken charges they made when I was being followed by the camera crew .
After being stalked and ambushed , Brinkley did release a statement to Fox refuting Jenkins ’ claims — and forcing Jenkins to halfheartedly admit he had been wrong about one of his charges .
The key part of Brinkley 's statement reads :
One is that I claimed that only one person was tried and convicted in the war on terror .
That ’s not correct .
I said that of the large group of Muslims rounded up immediately after 9/11 , only one of them was tried and convicted .
Other defendants were , of course , tried and convicted at later dates .
The problem , as The Bwog noted , is that Jenkins was waving about numbers from this year , while Brinkley 's book was published in 2006 -- when , in fact , the statement that Jenkins finds so offensive was in fact accurate .
So the basis of Jenkins ' charge against Brinkley was essentially bogus ; if he had a beef with anyone , it might have been with the editors at the book 's publishing house , who evidently have not been diligent enough in updating details of the book for its subsequent printings .
Moreover , it 's clear that Jenkins is misreading Brinkley , who carefully specified that he was talking about the people arrested immediately after 9/11 , while Jenkins ' figures refer to all the terrorism suspects rounded up since the terror attacks .
Now , having been shown for the screwup that he is , you 'd think Jenkins would go into hiding and take his vicious little videotape with him .
But there he was again this morning on Fox and Friends , proudly running the tape again , and declaiming :
Now guys , shortly after this encounter , the good provost did issue a statement .
However , it was responding to something I did n't accuse him of .
And he pointed out in one of his books , somewhere else in another chapter , he did mention 3,000 Americans were dead .
Fact is , that there 's bias in these books , and he misleads the reader .
The worst part of all this , as we noted when Bill O'Reilly sends out his minions on similar attack missions , is that this is a gross abrogation of basic ethical standards for journalists -- who typically resort to such stalking and ambushes for actual criminal actors or public - office miscreants -- not people whose words the journalist finds offensive .
Fox is using its ambush crews not to attack people they genuinely believe have broken the law or harmed the public 's welfare , but merely people with whom they disagree .
That 's a very , very dangerous development .
The Rude Pundit has some appropriately rude thoughts in response to Jenkins .
Keiji Fukuda , director adjunto de la organizaci�n , descart� que todos los casos provengan de M�xico , pues existen contagios relacionados tambi�n con viajes a Estados Unidos
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 05 de mayo de 2009
Notimex | El Universal
15:15
Swine flu fears close schools in Kane , Cook counties
Rotolo Middle School in Batavia closed for the rest of the week after a 12 - year - old student was identified as having a probably case of swine flu .
Notes on the door tell of the closure .
Rotolo Middle School in Batavia closed for the rest of the week after a 12 - year - old student was identified as having a probably case of swine flu .
Lake County Health Department facilities manager Bruce Robbins , right , talks with Community Health Association Director Patricia Donald during an Emergency Management Team meeting Wednesday in Waukegan .
The Lake County Health Department held a meeting of its Emergency Management Team Wednesday to discuss how to handle swine flu in the county .
Team members Mark Pfister , left , and Jeanne Ang work on an action plan .
Lake County Health Department officials Leslie Piotrowski , left , and Tiffany Bronk , along with emergency response coordinator Bob Grum , plan for communicating information about swine flu during an Emergency Management Team meeting Wednesday in Waukegan .
A 27 - year - old man from Elmhurst who had recently visited Mexico went to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital Friday with symptoms of swine flu .
A 27 - year - old man from Elmhurst who had recently visited Mexico went to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital Friday with symptoms of swine flu .
The typewritten note on the door of Rotolo Middle School in Batavia says the school is closed until Monday because of a probable case of " swine influenza . "
The typewritten note on the door of Rotolo Middle School in Batavia says the school is closed until Monday because of a probable case of " swine influenza . "
The Chicago area became part of an international epidemic Wednesday , as officials found the first nine probable cases of swine flu in Illinois .
But the patients , ages 6 to 27 , all had relatively mild symptoms , state health officials said , and only two were reported hospitalized .
Two of the case are in Kane County , one in DuPage , one in Lake and five in the city of Chicago .
The Kane County cases involved an 18 - year - old male from Geneva who attended Marmion Academy in Aurora and a 12 - year - old girl from an unincorporated area who attended Rotolo Middle School in Batavia .
To prevent further spread of the disease , at the urging of the Kane County Health Department , the two schools closed for at least the rest of this week and canceled activities , while the two students are recovering at home .
The health department also asked Holy Cross Church in Batavia to cancel religious education classes scheduled for Wednesday evening .
The closings mean Marmion 's nationally renowned Flannigan Rifles Drill Team , which was due to leave Thursday for a national contest in Daytona Beach , Fla. , had to cancel its trip .
Headmaster John Milroy called it " a real shame . "
The Rotolo band will not be able to march in the annual Batavia Loyalty Day parade Saturday , Batavia District 101 Superintendent Jack Barshinger said .
The 12 - year - old girl from Rotolo was in school Friday and did n't show symptoms until Sunday , Kane County Health Department spokesman Tom Schlueter said .
Carriers can be contagious for a day before showing symptoms , so officials hope the girl did not expose other students .
The Rotolo student had not traveled to Mexico , and Barshinger did not believe she was related to the Marmion student .
Asked why the school closed , Barshinger said he relied on advice from the health department and the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
" I do n't think you can err on the side of safety , " he said .
Holy Cross Catholic Church in Batavia also canceled its religious education classes Wednesday night at the request of the Kane County Health Department , out of concern that students from either of the affected schools might have attended .
The DuPage County case involved a 27 - year - old man from Elmhurst who had mild flu symptoms and had traveled to Mexico .
He went Friday to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital , spokesman Kyle Bauer said , and was treated but not admitted .
In Lake County , the victim was a 6 - year - old boy from the east - central part of the county who was still hospitalized , county officials said .
The Lake County Health Department held a meeting of its Emergency Management Team Wednesday , in part to help handle the hundreds of calls a day to the county about the disease .
Doctors , parents , schools and health officials called with thousands of questions , ranging from stopping the spread of the disease , to travel preparations , to who should be tested .
Some parents are impatient about unanswered questions and what the schools are going to do , Director of Community Health Services Bill Mays said .
The Illinois Department of Public Health recommends that schools linked to a confirmed case should " strongly " consider closing .
In the Lake County case , it was n't even clear the 6 - year - old boy had attended school , because he recently came from somewhere else , Mays said .
He would not say where the boy lives now to avoid any chance of identifying him , and added that it is ultimately the school superintendent 's decision what to do .
" We 're urging people to be calm , " he said .
" We need more confirmation to do something as drastic as close a school . "
In Chicago , the patients were a 12 - year - old girl from Kilmer Elementary School on the North Side , which was temporarily closed ; a 25 - year - old man ; and two adult women and one adult man whose ages were n't given .
The University of Chicago Medical Center says two of its employees have probable cases of swine flu .
In a press release late Wednesday , the hospital said the two people are among nine Illinois cases reported earlier in the day by state health officials .
The release says the employees , while contagious , had no contact with patients and limited contact with hospital staff .
One victim in the United States has died so far .
To put that into perspective , Illinois Department of Public Health Director Damon Arnold said more than 30,000 people die each year in the U.S. from the common seasonal flu .
Though the Illinois patients are considered to have " probable " cases , the test that confirmed they have swine flu is 99 percent accurate .
To confirm the diagnosis , swab samples from each patient were sent to the CDC for final analysis expected by Thursday or Friday .
Meanwhile , Lake and Kane counties have established swine flu hotlines .
The Lake County number has prerecorded information at ( 847 ) 377-8350 in English and Spanish .
The Kane County hotline is set up to answer residents ' questions .
The number is ( 630 ) 208-3315 and will operate from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. on weekdays and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays .
In Mundelein , Diamond Lake Elementary District 76 canceled a Parent - Teacher Organization Cinco de Mayo event planned for Friday .
The event was expected to draw a large crowd of people who were bringing food dishes to pass , a spokeswoman said .
A multicultural event will be planned for fall , she added .
In McHenry County , Public Health Administrator Patrick McNulty said his county has had at least five people tested for swine flu , but no positive results yet .
The swine flu outbreak has killed more than 150 in Mexico and spread across the U.S. and other parts of the world .
The first U.S. swine flu death in the current outbreak , a 23 - month - old child in Texas , was confirmed Wednesday .
The new cases came as President Barack Obama urged school districts with confirmed cases of swine flu to consider closing to help control spread of the illness .
" Parents should also think about contingencies if schools in their areas should shut down ...
Just sending a ( sick ) child from a school to a day - care center would not be a good solution , " Obama said .
Nadia Malik , Susan Sarkauskas , Bob Susnjara , Robert Smith , Melissa Jenco and The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Flash content
Scientists in Arizona and New Jersey are reporting that aerogels , a super - lightweight solid sometimes called “ frozen smoke , ” may serve as the ultimate sponge for capturing oil from wastewater and effectively soaking up environmental oil spills .
In the new study , Robert Pfeffer and colleagues point out that the environmental challenges of oil contamination go beyond widely publicized maritime oil spills like the Exxon Valdez incident .
Experts estimate that each year people dump more than 200 million gallons of used oil into sewers , streams , and backyards , resulting in polluted wastewater that is difficult to treat .
Although there are many different sorbent materials for removing used oil , such as activated carbon , they are often costly and inefficient .
Hydrophobic silica aerogels are highly porous and absorbent material , and seemed like an excellent oil sponge .
The scientists packed a batch of tiny aerogel beads into a vertical column and exposed them to flowing water containing soybean oil to simulate the filtration process at a wastewater treatment plant .
They showed that the aerogel beads absorbed up to 7 times their weight and removed oil from the wastewater at high efficiency , better than many conventional sorbent materials .
At the All Things D conference earlier today , Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak said that Steve Jobs sounded healthy and energetic , though he gave no particulars regarding when he had spoken to Jobs .
Though Wozniak concedes that he never asked Jobs directly about his medical condition , he made a point of noting that Jobs “ does n’t sound like he ’s sick . ”
Woz certainly is n’t a doctor , and there ’s only so much you can tell about a person ’s health from their voice , but it does n’t seem likely that Woz would make such a bold statement if he did n’t realistically believe that Jobs would in fact return to Apple in good health .
Jobs ’ six month leave of absence from Apple is scheduled to come to an end at the end of June , which initially prompted some to believe , or hope , that he would make a surprise appearance at the upcoming WWDC where Apple will most likely announce a new iPhone model .
Those hopes , however , were somewhat dashed when Apple issued a press release stating that Phil Schiller and a team of Apple executives would be delivering the WWDC keynote .
via WSJ
Lamborghini Gallardo Plunges Off 250 Foot Cliff onto Golf Course
Last month , a $ 300,000 Lamborghini Gallardo LP 560 - 4 was being driven at high speed around a twisty road encircling a golf course in Marbella , Spain .
We 're told the 28 year old driver was warned several times to slow down and almost ran over a pedestrian shortly before losing control and plunging off a 250 foot cliff .
In what can only be described as a scene from an action movie , the passenger jumped out of the car in mid-air .
That decision probably saved his life since the Gallardo crashed roof first onto the golf course , killing the driver instantly .
The passenger was seriously injured .
Here are exclusive photos of the aftermath :
You can see the Gallardo created a huge divot on impact ( left ) before tumbling down the rest of the cliff ( right ) .
The sound of the impact must have been incredible , especially when you consider how quiet golf courses usually are
Possibly the largest divot in golf history .
Luckily , no one was playing this hole at the time
This is the corner where the Gallardo lost control and plunged off the cliff ( very scary )
This vantage point really shows how steep the cliff is
Final resting spot
Share this Story on FaceBook : Share
[ You probably know our friend Dan Froomkin as the man behind the terrific White House Watch on washingtonpost.com .
We know him best from his other day job , deputy editor of our sister site , Nieman Watchdog .
When Dan told me he had an essay he wanted to share with us on his prescription for the news industry , I knew it would be something our readers would enjoy .
So this week , in four brief parts , Dan will diagnose a few problems , argue for more voice and perspective in our stories , and share his thoughts on how the business can move forward .
— Josh ]
We ’re all in a state of despair these days over our inability to monetize our journalism online the way we ’ve been used to doing in print .
A big part of the problem is that we ’re doing a really poor job of connecting buyers and sellers on our newspaper Web sites .
Solving that problem should be the top priority for the folks on the business and technology sides of our business .
But some of our shortcomings are purely journalistic .
We need to come to terms with the fact that one reason we ’re having such a tough time is that we are still fundamentally failing to deliver the value of our newsroom to Internet users .
Our reporters and editors are curious , passionate , and voracious discoverers and devourers of information ; talented storytellers ; and smart people with excellent bullshit detectors .
As long as human beings are curious about each other and clamor for trusted information , there ’s a place for us out there .
The Internet has n’t changed that .
In fact it ’s increased the market for what we ’ve got :
The Internet highly values people who know things , who can find things out , who can distinguish between what ’s important and what ’s not , who can distinguish between what ’s true and what ’s not , and who can communicate succinctly and effectively .
But we ’re hiding much of our newsrooms ’ value behind a terribly anachronistic format : voiceless , incremental news stories that neither get much traffic nor make our sites compelling destinations .
While the dispassionate , what - happened - yesterday , inverted - pyramid daily news story still has some marginal utility , it ’s mostly a throwback at this point — a relic of a daily product delivered on paper to a geographically limited community .
( For instance , it ’s the daily delivery cycle of our print product that led us to focus on yesterday ’s news .
And it ’s the focus on maximizing newspaper circulation that drove us to create the notion of “ objectivity ” — thereby removing opinion and voice from news stories — for fear of alienating any segment of potential subscribers . )
The Internet does n’t work on a daily schedule .
But even more importantly , it abhors the absence of voice .
There ’s a reason why opinion writing tends to dominate the most - read lists on our “ news ” sites .
Indeed , what we ’ve seen is that Internet communities tend to form around voices — informed , passionate , authoritative voices in particular .
( No one wants to read a bored blogger , I always say . )
If we were to start an online newspaper from scratch today , we ’d recognize that toneless , small - bore news stories are not the way to build a large audience — not even with “ interactive ” bells and whistles cobbled on top .
One option might be to imitate cable TV , and engage in a furious volume of he - said / she - said reporting , voyeurism , contrarianism , gossip , triviality and gotcha journalism .
But that would come at the cost of our souls .
The right way to reinvent ourselves online would be to do precisely what journalists were put on this green earth to do :
Seek the truth , hold the powerful accountable , expose the B.S. , explain how things really work , introduce people to each other , and tell compelling stories .
And we should do all those things passionately and courageously — not hiding who we are , but rather engaging in a very public expression of our journalistic values .
Obviously , we do some of that already .
But I would argue that even then , we do so in a much too understated way .
We stifle some of our best stories with a wet blanket of pseudo - neutrality .
We edit out tone .
We banish anything smacking of activism .
We do n’t telegraph our own enthusiasm for what it is we ’re doing .
We vaguely assume the readers will understand how valuable a service we ’re providing for them — but evidently , many of them do n’t .
Tomorrow :
Why he - said - she - said journalism does n’t serve readers .
Photo by J.D. Lasica used under a Creative Commons license .
A third of the world ’s remaining natural gas and 13 per cent of its oil is trapped beneath the Arctic
Tensions over the Arctic ’s untapped energy reserves are expected to build after a survey has found substantial mineral riches under the ice .
The analysis , by researchers at the U.S. Geologic Survey , found that a third of world ’s remaining natural gas and 13 per cent of its oil are trapped beneath the oceans of the North Pole .
The precious supply has remained largely untouched until now because of the impenetrable ice sheets .
The study ’s lead author Donald Gautier predicts that the findings will spur Russia to strengthen its control over the gas resources .
It has already actively asserted its claim to parts of the Arctic .
Russia already is the world ’s leading natural gas producer , noted Gautier .
Two - thirds of the undiscovered gas is in just four areas – South Kara Sea , North Barents Basin , South Barents Basin and the Alaska Platform – the report said .
Indeed , the South Kara Sea off Siberia contains 39 per cent of the Arctic ’s undiscovered gas , the researchers said .
It first submitted a claim to the United Nations in 2001 , but was rejected for lack of evidence .
The United States , Canada , Denmark and Norway also have sought to assert jurisdiction over parts of the Arctic .
Now , Russia is working to prove that an underwater mountain range crossing the polar region is part of its continental shelf .
In 2007 , two Russian civilian mini-submarines descended to the seabed to collect geological and water samples and drop a titanium canister containing the Russian flag .
Arctic oil reserves are significantly smaller than those of natural gas and are unlikely to lead to any shift in world oil balance , Gautier said in a recorded briefing provided by Science .
But they could be of importance locally if developed by individual countries , he said , citing in particular the United States and Greenland , which is governed by Denmark .
However , Gautier pointed out that the study looked only at the geological setting and the chance that energy resources are present .
‘ If these resources were to be found they would not be found all at once .
They would be found incrementally , and they would be produced incrementally , ’ he said , urging caution about assuming that the oil might extend world production significantly .
Gautier said the study focused on geological conditions in the Arctic and how they compared to other parts of the world where oil and gas have been found .
Because so much of this territory is unexplored and data is so limited the researchers had to develop a new method to do assessments , Gautier said .
They collected the best information they could for the region and then subdivided it into geological areas .
Those areas were compared with geological regions around the world where gas or oil have already been found in order to predict where more resources are likely to be located .
Gas and oil tend to be found in sedimentary basins , he said , and ‘ each one of these basins has a story , a geologic story . ’
‘ As new data become available , our understanding of the resources in the Arctic will change , ’ he added .
Via Daily Mail
Closed .
This question is .
This question is opinion - based .
It is not currently accepting answers .
Want to improve this question ?
Update the question so it can be answered with facts and citations by editing this post .
Closed 3 years ago .
Improve this question
I 'm going to be teaching a lower - division course in discrete structures .
I have selected the text book Discrete Structures , Logic , and Computability in part because it contains examples and concepts that are conducive to implementation with a functional programming language .
( I also think it 's a good textbook . )
I want an easy - to - understand FP language to illustrate DS concepts and that the students can use .
Most students will have had only one or two semesters of programming in Java , at best .
After looking at Scheme , Erlang , Haskell , Ocaml , and SML , I 've settled on either Haskell or Standard ML .
I 'm leaning towards Haskell for the reasons outlined below , but I 'd like the opinion of those who are active programmers in one or the other .
Both Haskell and SML have pattern matching which makes describing a recursive algorithm a cinch .
Haskell has nice list comprehensions that match nicely with the way such lists are expressed mathematically .
Haskell has lazy evaluation .
Great for constructing infinite lists using the list comprehension technique .
SML has a truly interactive interpreter in which functions can be both defined and used .
In Haskell , functions must be defined in a separate file and compiled before being used in the interactive shell .
SML gives explicit confirmation of the function argument and return types in a syntax that 's easy to understand .
For example : val foo = fn : int * int -> int. Haskell 's implicit curry syntax is a bit more obtuse , but not totally alien .
For example : foo :: Int -> Int ->
Int .
Haskell uses arbitrary - precision integers by default .
It 's an external library in SML / NJ .
And SML / NJ truncates output to 70 characters by default .
Haskell 's lambda syntax is subtle -- it uses a single backslash .
SML is more explicit .
Not sure if we 'll ever need lambda in this class , though .
Essentially , SML and Haskell are roughly equivalent .
I lean toward Haskell because I 'm loving the list comprehensions and infinite lists in Haskell .
But I 'm worried that the extensive number of symbols in Haskell 's compact syntax might cause students problems .
From what I 've gathered reading other posts on SO , Haskell is not recommended for beginners starting out with FP .
But we 're not going to be building full - fledged applications , just trying out simple algorithms .
What do you think ?
Edit : Upon reading some of your great responses , I should clarify some of my bullet points .
In SML , there 's no syntactic distinction between defining a function in the interpreter and defining it in an external file .
Let 's say you want to write the factorial function .
In Haskell you can put this definition into a file and load it into GHCi :
fac 0 = 1 fac n = n * fac ( n - 1 )
To me , that 's clear , succinct , and matches the mathematical definition in the book .
But if you want to write the function in GHCi directly , you have to use a different syntax :
let fac 0 = 1 ; fac n = n * fac ( n - 1 )
When working with interactive interpreters , from a teaching perspective it 's very , very handy when the student can use the same code in both a file and the command line .
By " explicit confirmation of the function , " I meant that upon defining the function , SML right away tells you the name of the function , the types of the arguments , and the return type .
In Haskell you have to use the : type command and then you get the somewhat confusing curry notation .
One more cool thing about Haskell -- this is a valid function definition :
fac 0 = 1 fac ( n+1 ) = ( n+1 ) * fac n
Again , this matches a definition they might find in the textbook .
Ca n't do that in SML !
So furious was this effort that on one particular detainee , even when the interrogation team had reported to Cheney 's office that their detainee " was compliant " ( meaning the team recommended no more torture ) , the VP 's office ordered them to continue the enhanced methods .
The detainee had not revealed any al - Qa'ida - Baghdad contacts yet .
This ceased only after Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , under waterboarding in Egypt , " revealed " such contacts .
Of course later we learned that al - Libi revealed these contacts only to get the torture to stop .
There in fact were no such contacts .
( Incidentally , al - Libi just " committed suicide " in Libya .
Interestingly , several U.S. lawyers working with tortured detainees were attempting to get the Libyan government to allow them to interview al - Libi .... )
On April 21 , McClatchy 's Jonathan Landay first suggested the Bush Administration used torture to intentionally extract false confessions linking Al Qaeda ( and 9/11 ) to Iraq , to give Bush a false " casus belli " to invade Iraq .
Landay 's suggestion was shocking .
I called it the " Iraq - Torture Scandal " because of its similarity to the Iran - Contra Scandal , where two seemingly unconnected scandals ( Reagan 's illegal sale of weapons to Iran and his illegal funding of the Nicaraguan contras ) were suddenly linked .
Paul Krugman called it the " Grand unified scandal " :
Let ’s say this slowly : the Bush administration wanted to use 9/11 as a pretext to invade Iraq , even though Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 .
So it tortured people to make them confess to the nonexistent link .
There ’s a word for this : it ’s evil .
A number of prominent progressives came to the same conclusion , including Keith Olbermann ( who calls it " backfilling " ) , Rachel Maddow , Ron Suskind , Frank Rich , and Dan Froomkin .
But serious coverage of this humongous scandal did not go beyond progressives .
Why ?
First , because Landay is not a TV regular like investigative reporters Seymour Hersh or Michael Isikoff , although his work is just as good .
Second , because his two sources did n't quite prove the scandal .
His first source was anonymous - " a former senior U.S. intelligence official familiar with the interrogation issue " - which undercut his / her impact .
And this source made the " Iraq - Al Qaeda " motive secondary to " preventing another attack . "
" There were two reasons why these interrogations were so persistent , and why extreme methods were used , " the former senior intelligence official said on condition of anonymity because of the issue 's sensitivity .
" The main one is that everyone was worried about some kind of follow - up attack ( after 9/11 ) .
But for most of 2002 and into 2003 , Cheney and Rumsfeld , especially , were also demanding proof of the links between al Qaida and Iraq that ( former Iraqi exile leader Ahmed ) Chalabi and others had told them were there . "
Landay 's second source was former U.S. Army psychiatrist , Maj . Charles Burney , who
told Army investigators in 2006 that interrogators at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility were under " pressure " to produce evidence of ties between al Qaida and Iraq .
" While we were there a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between al Qaida and Iraq and we were not successful in establishing a link between al Qaida and Iraq , " Burney told staff of the Army Inspector General .
" The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish that link . . . there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . "
Landay did not specify when Burney 's interrogations were taking place , but it was after December 2002 .
That was still during the pre-war sales campaign ( the invasion began on March 19 , 2003 ) , but it was long after the fall " product rollout " when Bush , Cheney , and Rice repeatedly insisted they had proof from Al Qaeda captives of Iraq ties .
That story came from Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , whose false confession in Egypt was much earlier - in February 2002 .
So Wilkerson 's account is a bombshell for three reasons .
First , he is well - known - and credible .
Second , he says the desire to manufacture an Iraq - Al Qaeda link was the principal priority - not secondary to preventing another attack .
its principal priority for intelligence was not aimed at pre-empting another terrorist attack on the U.S. but discovering a smoking gun linking Iraq and al - Qa'ida .
Third , he pushes the timeline back to " April and May of 2002 " - not as far back as February 2002 , but getting close .
The " smoking gun " of the Iraq - Torture Scandal will be proof that the CIA took Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi away from the FBI in February 2002 and sent him to Egypt for one specific reason : to use torture to extract a false confession of Iraq - Al Qaeda ties .
Lawrence Wilkerson 's account takes us much closer to finding that " smoking gun . "
And al - Libi 's mysterious death guarantees that everyone will be looking for it .
The stock market heaved a sigh of relief last week .
Gains were widespread .
The broad - based Wilshire 5000 is up 39 % percent , or $ 3.2 trillion , from the market low of March 9 .
( The benchmark S&P 500 Index is down today , with
Bank of America
( BAC ) - Get Report
,
American International Group
( AIG ) - Get Report
and
UnitedHealth Group
( UNH ) - Get Report
falling more than 3 % . )
There 's a growing consensus that the worst of the economic news is behind us , and that a rebound in the economy can't be far behind the rebound in the stock market .
File all of that under the heading " everything is relative . "
The unemployment numbers were bad .
But not as bad as expected .
( Tell that to the 539,000 people who lost jobs in April . )
The banks need to raise " only " $ 75 billion in capital .
( Tell that to the taxpayers who have already come up with billions in Troubled Asset Relief Program money , and to the existing shareholders whose stakes will be further diluted . )
Consumer confidence has rebounded from its all - time low at 37.7 in January , to 39.2 in April .
( Tell that to those who confidently purchased homes or stocks back in June 2001 , when the index stood at an all - time high of 118.9 . )
Recent reports show that home prices fell " only " 19.6 % last month .
( Tell that to a homeowner trying to refinance a mortgage that is larger than the value of the house . )
When it comes to the economy , everything is relative .
We are relatively a lot worse off than we were a year ago .
But some of the statistics are relatively better than they were a couple of months ago , when so many people feared another Depression .
A new bull market or a bear - market rally ?
The stock market has chosen to focus on those relatively better numbers , because the stock market always looks ahead .
But is this a new bull market or just a temporary rally , an opportunity to sell stocks before another collapse ?
A well - known Wall Street money manager said on Friday : " This is a " once- in - a - generation opportunity to get in at prices that have n't been as good since 1982 . "
One stock market sentiment indicator has gone from only 2 % bulls to more than 80 % bullish in just the past two months .
The bulls are running .
But two legendary traders beg to differ .
They each correctly timed this " bounce . "
But neither feels it will last much longer .
Elliott Wave
Theory : new lows ahead :
Bob Prechter is a stock market technician , meaning he charts historic stock prices and patterns using the " Elliott Wave Theory . "
You can learn more at his
Web site
.
Lest you think this type of analysis is like reading tea leaves , Prechter gained fame predicting the stock market crash of 1987 .
In 2002 , he wrote a book titled " Conquer the Crash -- You Can Survive and Prosper in a Deflationary Depression . "
In it , he correctly forecast a huge credit contraction , brought on by all the mortgage and debt issues that we 're now facing .
Reading this book today , it seems as if Prechter had a crystal ball .
That 's why his current view of the market is so compelling .
After correctly forecasting this current rally in February , Prechter suggests that traders should be looking for an exit point soon , an opportunity to sell short .
He laments : " On the major trend , there 's such a long way down to go . "
Pressed to put that into numbers , he said a normal rally from the 667 low on the S&P 500 would take that index back up to the 1,000 - 1,100 range .
( It 's around 900 right now . )
After that , he expects the next wave down to be larger than the initial drop of 58 % .
You do the math .
Prechter calls it a " C " wave in Elliott Theory and notes : " Declining C waves are usually devastating in their destruction . "
He says the " credit implosion " is n't finished .
Much like Japan , he predicts , we 'll have to live through a long period of declining asset values , summed up in one word : deflation .
Traders can follow these volatile waves , but where do long - term investors hide during extended deflation ?
Not in stocks , real estate or commodities , even though today 's prices seem like bargains .
" Until the credit implosion is over , the only place to hide is cash -- safe equivalents such as Treasury bills and Swiss money - market claims ( Swiss T - bills ) .
Holding on to your money will give you a chance to buy the real bargains when the bottom eventually arrives several years from now . "
I had just finished digesting that forecast from Prechter when I received the latest issue of Bert Dohmen's
Wellington Letter
. Regular readers know I highly value Bert 's perspective , as he uses both technical analysis and an insightful view of both politics and the economy .
Noting that bear market retracements can be deceiving , Dohmen pointed out that the first rally after the historic 1929 crash extended into 1930 and produced a 52 % gain .
And then the market plunged another 64 % .
As for the current rally , Dohmen says time is running out .
He advises : " Bear market rallies are usually eye - catching and make the casual investor believe it's a new bull market .
Do n't make that mistake and fall into that trap . "
Sorry to spoil your day with these unpleasant forecasts .
We 'll only know in hindsight if the bulls or the bears are right .
But it 's always dangerous to get caught up in the euphoria of the bullish crowd .
We learned that lesson already , did n't we ?
And that 's the Savage Truth .
Terry Savage is an expert on personal finance and also appears as a commentator on national television on issues related to investing and the financial markets .
Savage 's personal finance column in the Chicago Sun-Times is nationally syndicated .
She was the first woman trader on the Chicago Board Options Exchange and is a registered investment adviser for stocks and futures .
Savage currently serves as a director of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Corp .
We have some more tentatively encouraging news emerging about the Swine Flu virus .
Yesterday , we noted that the Mexican government had substantially revised downward the number of deaths attributed to the Swine Flu , from 159 to 84 , after tests had ruled out many of the suspected cases .
Now comes word from the Times that Mexican officials have now reported that of the 908 suspected cases that have now been tested , only 397 turned out to have suffered from the Swine Flu .
Finally , there appears to be some clinical evidence suggesting that people over 60 may have some immunity to the virus .
Iranian aircraft attacked three villages inside Iraq over the weekend .
The airstrikes – Iran 's first on Iraqi soil since the U.S. invasion – could complicate the Obama administration 's efforts to normalize relations with Tehran .
" The bombardments appeared to have targeted the Party of Free Life of Kurdistan ( PJAK ) , an Iranian Kurdish separatist group which has launched attacks on Iran from rear - supply bases in the mountains of northern Iraq , " AFP reports .
Iran has attacked the Kurdish group before , with artillery .
But this is the first time the Iranians followed up , with assaults from the air .
" The incident comes a week after reports of a clash between Iranian police officers and suspected PJAK fighters in the country 's western province of Kermanshah , " Al - Jazeera reports .
" At least 10 policemen and 10 fighters were killed in the gun battle . "
Details on the airstrikes remain sketchy .
Voice of America says the attacks were carried out by helicopters , which remained in Iranian airspace .
Al - Arabiyah television , on the other hand , says it was " Iranian planes [ that ] raided those villages . "
It is a serious development because the Iraqi airspace is under the control of the US Air Force and under US protection .
So the raids are either approved by the United States , as was the case when a US nod was previously given to the Turkish Army , or such operation was a surprise by the Iranians .
According to eyewitnesses , the planes were flying at very low altitudes , which may indicate that they were trying to escape detection by radars .
So these planes were able to attack many locations .
Eyewitnesses and official Kurdish sources said that the raids were carried out by fighter jets and not helicopters .
In February , American fighter jets shot down an Iranian drone flying over Iraq .
Such an incursion would 've likely provoked an angry response from the previous administration .
But the reaction to the drone incident was muted – perhaps in the interest of keeping the dialogue with Tehran going .
[ Photo : Xiaforces.com ]
DEFORESTATION by European settlers may be to blame for making Australia ’s drought longer , hotter and dryer than it would be otherwise .
The “ big dry ” , Australia ’s 11 - year drought , has been blamed on greenhouse gases and natural variability .
To see if deforestation played a part , Clive McAlpine of the University of Queensland in Brisbane and colleagues used a climate model to simulate Australian conditions from the 1950s to 2003 .
They then compared the impact of today ’s fragmented vegetation , obtained from satellite images , with that of 1788 , prior to European settlement .
Over much of south - east Australia , where the drought has hit hardest , less …
The Anzac Bridge or formerly known as the Glebe Island Bridge , is the longest cable - stayed bridge in Australia , and amongst the longest in the world .
Not only that , the bridge has really a great architecture touch and being one of many most beautiful bridges in the world as well as among the most popular tourist destination in Sydney Australia .
The bridge which was given its name to honor the memory of the soldiers of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps ( ANZAC ) served in World War I , was completed in 1995 to replace the former Glebe Island Bridge .
Since today is Anzac Day for Australian , I want to share with you the splendid photos of Anzac Bridge and hope you like my compilation of these photos .
Disclaimer :
All the images are copyright of their respected owners and creators .
This post is about just to show their awesome works and inspiration to the world .
Please contact us if anyone want to remove their works .
MOST POPULAR THIS MONTH : Takeda Castle - Magnificent Sky Castle in Japan
Category : Arts and Culture , Australia , Headline
This latest mass infection is through a vector I really do n’t understand , see as though you can legitimately download Windows 7 from Microsoft .
I guess people just prefer BitTorrent downloads to HTTP downloads , and whoever had this smart idea capitalized on that .
Microsoft should perhaps do something about that and put out a legitimate BitTorrent copy .
I guess the problem is updates , once it ’s out there and people are seeding it ’s out there for good and it ’s not necessarily the latest build .
A Trojan buried within counterfeit copies of Windows 7 RC was used to build a botnet of compromised PCs .
The tactic emerged after researchers from security firm Damballa shut down the command and control servers used to control the system , reckoned to have drafted thousands of Windows PCs into its compromised ranks .
Damballa reckons malicious hackers distributed the malware by hiding it within counterfeit copies of pre-release versions of Microsoft ’s next operating system on offer through BitTorrent .
Damballa reckons that the pirated package was released around 24 April .
By 10 May , when security researchers effectively curtailed the operation , as many as 552 new users were becoming infected per hour as a result of the attack .
It seems like the infection rate for this trojan has been pretty sharp , with 552 new users per hour that ’s over 13,000 new infections per day adding up to almost 100,000 in one week .
The Command and Control center for the botnet has been taken offline though on May 10th so it ’s rendered pretty useless since then .
I guess they should have built a more robust control mechanism like Conficker .
“ Since the pirated package was released on 24 April , my best guess is that this botnet probably had at least 27,000 successful installs prior to our takedown of its CnC [ command and control ] on 10 May , ” Tripp Cox , vice president of engineering at Damballa , told eWeek .
Since Damballa ’s intervention , users installing the pirated version of Windows 7 RC are outside the control of the botmaster hackers running the attack .
However , users who were compromised prior to 10 May remain within the ranks of the zombie drones controlled by the unidentified hackers .
Trend Micro identifies the Trojan featured in the attack as DROPPER - SPX .
Burying backdoors in counterfeit code is a popular tactic among crackers witnessed many times over the years with pirated copies of Microsoft applications and , more recently , with pirated versions of iWork ’09 for Apple Mac machines .
In the case of the latest attack , prospective Windows 7 RC users get infected before they have a chance to install anti-virus tools , many of which are yet to support Windows 7 anyway .
You can check out the details on Trend Micro blog here .
If you want to get hold of Windows 7 you can just go directly to the Microsoft site here .
Source : The Register
All the versions of this article : [ عربي ] [ dansk ] [ Deutsch ] [ English ] [ Esperanto ] [ Español ] [ français ] [ עברית ] [ italiano ] [ 한국어 ] [ Nederlands ] [ norsk ] [ Português ] [ русский ] [ Türkçe ] [ 中文 ]
Because it was in our name that in 1945 the United Nations charter was signed ...
Because it was in our name that in 1947 the Partition plan for Palestine was approved by the UN General Assembly ...
Because it was in our name that in 1949 the Geneva Conventions were signed ...
Because not a single UN resolution on Palestine , also adopted in our name , has been implemented by the state of Israel ; and because the latter has , since its foundation , constantly violated the UN principles and the international conventions , in complete impunity and with growing cynicism ,
We , citizens of the world , have the duty today to remind the international community of its obligations !
We solemnly request
that the UN General Assembly make use of its power to create subsidiary bodies in order to set up an ad - hoc penal court ( as was done for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda by the Security Council ) and try the crimes committed in Palestine .
As of today we demand :
The end of all and any exaction against the Palestinian people and an international protection of the latter
The full and complete lifting of the siege on the Gaza Strip
The mandatory implementation of all UN resolutions on Palestine and the prescription of international law , under the constraint of international sanctions if need be .
Israel is a state like any other , with the same rights and the same duties .
We request specifically that any accord of cooperation with Israel be suspended until that state respects the UN resolutions .
To sign , click here : http://www.france-palestine.org/art...
THE FACTS
Pollen forecasters are predicting a heavy season this year , so allergy sufferers may be struggling to find relief .
For some , the neti pot , a nasal irrigator that resembles a small teapot , has become an alternative remedy .
While it is not nearly as convenient as popping a pill or using a spray , several recent studies have found that nasal irrigation can reduce symptoms of allergies and other nasal problems .
Image Credit ... Leif Parsons
One benefit is that irrigation can clear nasal passages without dryness or “ rebound ” congestion , which occurs when overuse of decongestants leads to dependence and irritated tissue .
The General Theory and the Current Crisis : A Primer on Keynes ’ Economics
Intro | Pt. I | Pt. II | Pt. III | Pt. IV
Introduction : The “ Revolutionary ” Who Wasn’t
By Alejandro Reuss
This is a web - only article from the website of Dollars & Sense : The Magazine of Economic Justice available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This is a web - only article , available only at www.dollarsandsense.org.
Keynes is often described as a “ revolutionary ” thinker .
In one sense , this is correct .
Keynes was one of the most important economic thinkers of modern times , and his ideas were at the center of a major “ paradigm shift ” in economic theory and policy .
He issued his masterwork , The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money ( 1936 ) , at a critical juncture , in the middle of the Great Depression , when the orthodox views from which he had broken seemed at a loss to explain the crisis or a way out of it .
Keynes was not the first major economic theorist to understand that capitalist economies were prone to depressions ( Marx had written on the subject nearly a century before ) , nor was he the only major economist of his generation to arrive at the basic insight that total demand could fall short of the level required to ensure full employment .
( Some others , most notably the Polish economist Michal Kalecki , came to the same conclusions separately from , and even slightly earlier than , Keynes . )
Keynes , however , was already a major figure in British economics and politics at a time when Britain was a much more important world power than today , so his ideas had a bigger impact in ruling circles than they would have coming from elsewhere , or from economists with a more radical views about the changes necessary to cure the problem .
As “ revolutionary ” a figure as Keynes was in the history of economic thought , he was , in another sense , a profoundly anti-revolutionary thinker .
This is not to say that the changes he proposed , particularly in the role of government in capitalist economies , were trivial .
He believed the problems of capitalism — especially the “ arbitrary and inequitable ” distribution of income and wealth and the “ failure to provide full employment ” — were very serious , and he did not think that these “ outstanding faults ” of capitalist economies would fix themselves .
He thought that the state would have to play a major role in fixing them .
However , as much as it was his goal to get rid of what he considered bad about capitalist societies , he also aimed to preserve what he considered good about them , which was a great deal .
In The General Theory , Keynes praises in no uncertain terms what he considers the virtues of “ self - interest , ” “ individualism , ” and “ private initiative and responsibility ” and their place in a capitalist society .
His motive for wanting to eliminate excessive inequality and unemployment was , to a great extent , that he viewed them as threats to capitalism .
In his view , these “ outstanding faults ” created the danger of revolutionary upheaval .
An enlargement of the role of government was the “ only practicable means ” for eliminating these problems and “ avoiding the destruction of existing economic forms in their entirety . ”
It is easy to imagine Keynes lashing those who denounce government intervention in the economy as “ socialism ” for their failure to recognize these policies as means of preserving a well - functioning capitalist economy .
The “ Socialization of Investment ”
Keynes did not object to “ significant inequalities ” in income and wealth , and therefore did not aim to create a society in which incomes and wealth were equally ( or almost equally ) distributed among all members of society .
He offered two justifications for inequality , as an incentive for productive activity and as a channel for competitive impulses that otherwise , he thought , might take on more predatory forms .
However , he did think that existing inequalities were excessive , and that it would be desirable to reduce them .
Keynes did not believe that the accumulation of saving in the hands of the wealthy — and the necessity of this saving for financing investment — justified inequality .
He pointed out that the rates of interest necessary to pry away the savings of the rich for use by society to finance investment were typically too high to be consistent with full employment .
With interest rates too high , Keynes argued , investment is too low ( since some investment projects that would be profitable at a lower rate of interest would not be profitable , and therefore would not be undertaken , at a higher rate ) , and therefore so are total output and employment .
Keynes viewed income from interest ( which he called “ rentier ” income ) as basically parasitic .
He compared the interest income of the “ functionless investor ” to the rental income of landlords .
Neither interest nor rent , he argued , required any “ genuine sacrifice ” on the part of their recipients .
Rather , they were merely rewards for owning scarce resources .
He advocated , therefore , a reduction of the interest rate to little or nothing and what he termed the “ euthanasia of the rentier . ”
The cost of capital equipment , he argued , would cover its production cost , as well as allowances for depreciation and risk , but not incomes for idle owners of capital .
Keynes did not think that the dramatic reduction of interest rates need disrupt the functioning of a capitalist economy .
First , he recognized that such a policy would increase the incentive to spend on present consumption .
He did not agree with conventional economists , however , that this would necessarily reduce overall saving or investment .
He argued that increased consumption expenditures , by increasing demand and resulting in higher incomes , could actually increase saving and investment .
Second , he argued that higher interest rates resulted in lower investment , since entrepreneurs would only engage in investment projects that produced returns at least equal to the rate of interest .
Therefore , lower interest rates , not higher , would result in higher investment and incomes .
Third , Keynes argued that a major government - directed investment program could eliminate the scarcity of capital and , with it , the “ oppressive power of the capitalist ” to extract a tribute in the form of interest .
Keynes proposed that “ communal saving through the agency of the State ” take the place of private saving in financing investment .
The details in The General Theory are rather sketchy , but one can imagine a government investment fund that either supplies private businesses with funds to finance the purchase of durable equipment or that finances the construction of such equipment directly and rents it out to private businesses .
Keynes does not go into detail on the sources of this saving , though he seems to be thinking primarily of tax revenue ( rather than voluntary deposits in a public bank ) .
While he mentions “ higher taxation of larger incomes and inheritances ” as one possibility , he does not come down firmly in favor of this idea .
Nor does he come to any firm conclusions about the magnitude of such savings — the degree to which it is “ right and reasonable to call on the living generation to restrict their consumption ” for the benefit of future generations .
What Keynes Did Not Have in Mind
Keynes did not favor the general socialization ( public control ) of productive enterprise .
He regarded private enterprise as a source of “ efficiency ” and a “ safeguard of personal liberty ” ( 379-381 ) .
He envisioned the state as regulating the overall levels of consumption and investment , an enlarged role to be sure , but one perfectly consistent with leaving most of the economy in the hands of private actors .
This overall regulation could be accomplished , he argued , by such means as control of taxes and interest rates , and did not require the “ ownership of the instruments of production ” by the state ( 378-379 ) .
Keynes did not favor the elimination of all inequality of income or wealth , which he viewed as incentives for “ valuable human activities , ” nor the elimination of all income from property .
While Keynes criticized the landlord and rentier as parasitic , he certainly did not view business owners in this way .
( When he referred to the “ oppressive power of the capitalist ” to exploit the scarcity of capital , he was reserving the term “ capitalist ” for the rentier .
He usually used the term “ entrepreneur , ” rather than “ capitalist , ” for business owners . )
Keynes suggested that the elimination of interest income — from “ risk - free ” investments — would still leave room for investor to profit from the exercise of “ enterprise and skill ” in choosing among risky investments ( 221 ) .
He also thought that society could benefit from the “ intelligence and determination and executive skill ” of business people , which could be “ harnessed � on reasonable terms of reward ” ( 376-377 ) under a system of progressive taxation .
Keynes did not aim at a major upheaval in the basic economic or political institutions of capitalist societies .
He did not oppose private property ( over productive resources such as factories , mines , land , etc. ) , wage labor ( workers being hired for pay by the owners of these resources ) , or market exchange .
Nor did he favor sudden or conflictive social change .
Quite the contrary , Keynes clearly describes himself as an enemy of revolution and insists that none of the changes that he proposes require one .
He imagines the “ euthanasia of the rentier ” as a quiet and incremental process , “ nothing sudden , merely a gradual but prolonged continuance of what we have seen recently in Great Britain , requiring no revolution ” ( 376 ) .
The overall government regulation of economic activity , he argues , could be “ introduced gradually and without a break in the general traditions of society ” ( 378 ) .
What Keynes Did Have in Mind
The picture that emerges , Keynes as an advocate of a “ regulated capitalism , ” with a substantially increased role for the state in economic life ( especially in guaranteeing full employment ) and reduced inequality of incomes and wealth , is correct but incomplete .
A fuller picture of Keynes ’ social vision comes from his political writings of the 1920s , especially a 1926 book titled Britain ’s Industrial Future .
While formally issued by an economic commission of Britain ’s Liberal Party , Keynes authored several sections outlining his view of the place of the large corporation in Britain ’s present and future .
Keynes ’ views of the large corporation strongly paralleled those of a school of thought known as “ managerialism . ”
( The Modern Corporation and Private Property ( 1932 ) , by U.S. economists Adolf Berle and Gardiner C. Means , is usually regarded as the founding statement of managerialism .
Keynes , however , actually anticipated its main conclusions by several years . )
Managerialists argued that most large corporations were controlled by paid managers ( top executives and directors ) rather than by individual owners or shareholders collectively .
The ownership of shares in a typical large corporation , they argued , were dispersed among such a large number of shareholders that it was not typically possible for most of them to have much knowledge of or say in the corporation ’s day - to - day decisions .
Managerialists concluded that this gave managers a high — some argued , nearly total — discretion in how to run those companies , effectively disenfranchising the stockholders ( their titular “ owners ” ) .
In Britain ’s Industrial Future , Keynes argued , much as the U.S. managerialists would , that many corporations had “ passed out of the effective control of their shareholders . ”
Keynes argued that “ shareholders are so scattered and disorganized that it is seldom or never practicable ” for them to control the composition of the management .
As a result , in “ large companies of diffused ownership , ” he argues , directorships come to resemble “ offices for life . ”
Keynes did not think that the insulation of management from control by the stockholders was necessarily a good thing .
Directors , he argued , could be “ useless ” and “ without special qualifications , ” or command “ high [ pay ] relative to the work done , ” and still keep their positions .
Stockholders ’ lack of information about the inner workings of a company could also permit directors to “ take great advantage over other shareholders through their knowledge of the exact position of their concern ” ( that is , to take advantage of insider information ) .
Like the U.S. managerialists , however , Keynes hoped and believed that the “ separation between ownership and management ” might liberate managers from the tyranny of the bottom line , and allow them to pursue other ( hopefully , socially laudable ) aims .
In his essay “ The End of Laissez - Faire ” ( 1926 ) , Keynes suggests that large corporations may , under some circumstances , act with the social welfare , rather than private gain , in mind .
As management grew increasingly independent from ownership , Keynes argued , it tended to focus on the “ general stability and reputation of the institution ” instead of the maximization of shareholder profits .
Corporations , in his view , were becoming more and more like quasi-public institutions “ whose criterion of action within their own field is solely the public good as they understand it , and from whose deliberations motives of private advantage are excluded . ”
More concerned with their public image than the bottom line , large private corporations , such as railroads , utilities , universities , banks , insurance companies , Keynes argued , were “ as time goes on , socializing themselves . ”
Keynes , Technocracy , and Democracy
This argument reflects the strong technocratic streak in Keynes ’ thought .
Keynes thought that the world should be governed by an educated elite that , in his view , would stand above conflicting class interests and govern in the public interest .
He did not believe that political , intellectual , or economic elites always acted in the best interests of society as a whole , but he did believe that the right elites could .
Moreover , he certainly did not believe that ordinary people could run society well , or should run it at all .
In The General Theory , Keynes frames his argument against “ State Socialism ” — that is , against the comprehensive nationalization of the “ instruments of production ” — as a caution against the “ homogeneous or totalitarian state . ”
Too much nationalization , he seems to suggest , and you ’re in Stalinist Russia ( or Nazi Germany or Fascist Italy ) .
His argument against a socialism that would lift the working class to power is different .
Keynes famously wrote , in a rant against Marxism in the essay “ A Short View of Russia ” ( 1925 ) : “ How can I adopt a creed which , preferring the mud to the fish , exalts the boorish proletariat above the bourgeois and the intelligentsia who , whatever their faults , are the quality in life and surely carry the seeds of all human advancement ? ”
That is not an argument against totalitarianism , but against democracy .
Keynes ’ certainly had no sympathy for the radically democratic ideas , advocated by some socialists in his day and ours , that the principles of self - government should not end at the door to the workplace , and that no real democracy can exist in the political sphere as long as the economic sphere is dominated by unelected captains of industry ( whether owners or managers ) .
Keynes undoubtedly would have cringed at the idea of allowing the “ boorish proletariat ” to decide how a factory should be run , much less an entire economy .
If ordinary people were allowed to decide the fate of society , Keynes believed , their ignorance and lack of refinement would stand in the way of “ human advancement . ”
Keynes ’ outlook was consistent with political democracy , in the sense of a multiparty system with competitive elections , but not with a very participatory version of it .
He was even suspicious of labor - based political parties that — unlike the elite that he imagined standing above all class interests — he denounced as “ class ” parties .
As biographer Robert Skidelsky notes , Keynes believed society could be ruled by an “ interconnected elite of business managers , bankers , civil servants , economists and scientists , all trained at Oxford and Cambridge and imbued with a public service ethic . ”
In other words , he thought it should be ruled by people rather suspiciously like him .
Alejandro Reuss is an historian and economist , and a member of the Dollars & Sense collective .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
Back when Apple introduced Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard , there was a bit of a minor controversy around the artificially implemented cut - off point ; you could only install Leopard on machines with G4 processors of 867 Mhz or more , leaving out capable machines like the dual 733 Mhz or dual 800 Mhz .
The community soon found ways around this limitation , and recently , I found myself in a situation where I had to do the same .
About half a year ago , I bought a PowerMac Dual G4 - 450 Mhz , with 1GB of RAM .
It ran Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger , and it did so fairly well .
The biggest issue was a lack of a Quartz Extreme capable video card , which meant that all the animations and window drawing and such were done by the processors , putting a lot of extra strain on the already ageing G4s .
So , ever since I bought the machine , I was on the look - out for a nice Mac graphics card that was Quartz Extreme capable , which should deliver a serious speed boost for the PowerMac .
A few days ago , I finally spotted a decent offer on TweedehandsMac.nl , a website dedicated solely to selling / buying second hand Apple stuff .
Someone had a Radeon 8500 with 64MB of video RAM on offer for just 30EUR , which in Mac land is n’t a whole lot .
I went for it , and yesterday morning the card arrived in the mail .
The difference was simply mind - blowing .
Replacing the Ati Rage card with this “ new ” Radeon turned the PowerMac into a very usable machine , multitasking and all .
It ’s no miracle worker , of course , and processor intensive unoptimised pieces of … things like Flash will still bring it to its knees , but apart from that , it ’s an absolute joy .
But I wanted more : I wanted the latest Mac OS X .
I do n’t like running last year ’s version , and always prefer the latest and greatest .
So , I got out my retail copy of Leopard , and dove into the process of getting Leopard installed on my “ unsupported ” PowerMac .
Turns out this is as easy as exploiting Safari on Mac OS X ( that was a joke , I command you to laugh ) .
There are three ways to get Leopard on an “ unsupported ” machine .
Since I do n’t have another , more recent , supported Mac to install Leopard on , the option of using FireWire target mode was out of the question .
I ’d had to resort to hacking my Leopard installation DVD , and I was n’t looking forward to that .
Luckily , a bit of Googling was all it took to find a free little application called LeopardAssist , which makes installing Leopard on “ unsupported ” machines as easy as a few clicks .
LeopardAssist is a utility that automates the third method : using OpenFirmware to fool the Leopard installer into thinking you have a 867 Mhz processor .
You can do this manually , but why would you when LeopardAssist automates it in a nice graphical utility ?
It ’s a small application that you run on your “ unsupported ” Mac , so you need Mac OS X 10.4 or 10.3 installed on it .
The utility puts a little script in your PRAM that changes the CPU entry in the device tree to 867 Mhz , allowing the Leopard installer to pass the processor check , and work without a hitch .
When the installer is done , Leopard automatically restores your computer to its normal values .
The weird thing is , though , that Leopard seems to run a little faster than Tiger on these old Macs , further cementing my belief that this artificial cut - off point was put in place by Apple solely to sucker in more people to buy new Macs , even though their old ones are still capable enough .
If my PowerMac Dual G4 - 450 Mhz , with 1GB of RAM and a Radeon 8500 video card can run Leopard this well , what about the dual 733 Mhz or dual 800 Mhz machines ?
What about all those souls that use processor upgrade cards , and are also locked out ?
If you have an “ unsupported ” G4 , but were always a bit weary of installing Leopard , here ’s your chance .
A woman has been charged after allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine into the country under her wig , the UK Border Agency ( UKBA ) has said .
Chermisa Lisa Daniel , 32 , of St Lucian nationality , was detained at Gatwick Airport on Sunday after arriving on a flight from St Lucia , via Antigua .
Ms Daniel will appear at Haywards Heath Magistrates ' Court on 10 June .
The UKBA said 1 kg ( 2lb ) of cocaine , with a street value of £ 40,000 , was recovered at the airport on Sunday .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
After realizing that even a modification on a first mortgage wo n’t help some people if their second mortgage is still too high , the government expanded the Making Home Affordable loan modification program last week .
The program was updated to cover second mortgages and liens .
I know this was something that a lot of people had questions about when I posted about the topic before :
Reducing Payments On Second Mortgages
Here are the details on the second mortgage loan mod program from the government ’s website :
For amortizing loans ( loans with monthly payments of interest and principal ) , the government will share the cost of reducing the interest rate on the second mortgage to 1 percent .
Participating servicers will be required to follow these steps to modify amortizing second liens :
Reduce the interest rate to 1 percent
Extend the term of the modified second mortgage to match the term of the modified first mortgage .
Forbear principal in the same proportion as any principal forbearance on the first lien , with the option of extinguishing principal under the Extinguishment Schedule .
After five years , the interest rate on the second lien will step up to the then current interest rate on the modified first mortgage , subject to the Interest Rate Cap on the first lien , set equal to the Freddie Mac Survey Rate .
For interest - only loans , the government will share the cost of reducing the interest rate on the second mortgage to 2 percent .
Participating servicers will be required to follow these steps to modify interest - only second liens :
Reduce the interest rate to 2 percent .
Forbear principal in the same proportion as any principal forbearance on the first lien .
After five years , the interest rate on the second lien will step up to the then current interest rate on the modified first mortgage , subject to the Interest Rate Cap on the first lien , set equal to the Freddie Mac Survey Rate .
The second lien will amortize over the longer of the remaining term of the modified first lien or the originally scheduled amortization term , with amortization to begin at the time specified in the original contract .
Updated Incentives And Other Details
The Second Lien Program will have a pay - for - success structure similar to the first lien modification program .
Borrowers can receive success payments of up to $ 250 per year for as many as five years .
These payments will be applied to pay down principal on the first mortgage , helping to build the borrower ’s equity in the home .
In addition to incentives for modifying second liens , lenders can also receive larger incentives to just extinguish the second lien altogether .
The government has put out a fact sheet / table to give details on the amounts lenders can receive .
Details can be found in the government ’s fact sheet .
Links And Resources
Here is another resource talking about the updated program .
Farrah Fawcett is reportedly close to death .
Numerous reports have surfaced that family members are gathering for their final goodbyes .
Farrah 's health has been deteriorating ever since she was diagnosed with anal cancer three years ago .
Dr. Jerri Nielsen FitzGerald , named the Irish - American of the Year by Irish America magazine in 2001 , a heroic woman who diagnosed and treated her own breast cancer before a dramatic rescue from the South Pole , has died , her husband said today .
She was 57 .
Her husband , Thomas FitzGerald , said she died Tuesday at their home in Southwick , Mass .
Her cancer had been in remission until it returned in August 2005 , he said .
She was the only doctor at the National Science Foundation 's Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station in winter 1999 when she discovered a lump in her breast .
Extreme cold did n't permit a rescue , so with guidance from U.S. based doctors via the Internet , she performed a biopsy on herself with the help of staff .
She treated herself with anti-cancer drugs delivered during a mid-July airdrop by a U.S. Air Force plane in blackout , freezing conditions , until she could be rescued by the Air National Guard in October .
She documented her ordeal in the best - selling book " Ice Bound : A Doctor 's Incredible Battle for Survival at the South Pole . "
It was made into a TV movie .
She spent the last decade speaking around the world about the cancer and how it changed her life , and also worked as roving ER doctor in hospitals around the Northeast .
Born Jerri Lynn Cahill , her people originated in Galway and Mayo , then went to Dublin for a while before heading to America at the end of the 19th century .
Proud of her Irish Roots , one of Nielsen ’s most prized possessions during her time at the Amundsen - Scott South Pole Station was her Celtic Harp .
" She fought bravely , she was able to make the best of what life and circumstance gave her , and she had the most resilience I have ever seen in anyone , " said her husband .
" She fought hard and she fought valiantly . "
The couple would have celebrated their third anniversary next week .
In addition to her husband , the Ohio native is survived by her parents , two brothers and three children .
RFD set to build educational , fitness facility
Ground will be broken Monday , Oct. 5 , for the 10,500 - square - foot building at the Israel " Izzy " David Edelman Fire and Police Training Center .
By Mishal Husain
BBC News
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
It is a surreal experience for me to see the pictures emerging from the Swat Valley at the moment - helicopter gunships striking at their targets - a mass exodus of poor and desperate people .
The contrast from the Swat I knew from my childhood summers spent in Pakistan is almost indescribable .
For my family , who have always been pretty intrepid travellers , Swat was very much a " soft " holiday destination , more accessible than the valleys further north , where we would go on our more demanding annual fishing expeditions .
Swat was the gentle valley , an easy weekend trip from Islamabad , a way to experience the picturesque northern areas of Pakistan in relative comfort .
So we would drive up from the plains , up towards the Malakand Pass - the exact opposite of the journey of thousands of fleeing Swati civilians in recent weeks .
The " old Swat " as I have to call it now , was a very laid - back place .
Like many parts of North West Frontier Province , its people are conservative in their ways - so when we walked into the bazaar in Mingora , I remember making sure I had a scarf around my shoulders - something I could fling over my head if necessary .
But this was purely out of respect for local traditions - not out of any sense of compulsion .
We stayed in the home of friends - the family of the one - time ruler of the valley , known as the Wali of Swat .
I have no idea what Kalam is like today , and I fear the worst for Swat 's other outstanding attraction - the Buddhist ruins
It was far from a palace - rather it was a low - key compound , guarded , as I remember , by a single caretaker .
The old Swat was n't the kind of place where you thought much about security .
It was n't hard to see though why it was such an attractive place to while away time .
The natural beauty of the valley became more and more striking the further north you travelled - in our case , to Kalam in upper Swat .
' Centuries of tradition '
This " town " was really little more than a group of houses nestled into the hillside around the unspoilt Swat river , with fantastic walking available in every direction .
The government guesthouse we rented had a spectacular view , and was unlocked for us by the caretaker - a bearded local with a gun slung over his shoulder .
The idea of holidaying in Swat valley is hard to imagine for these children
In the course of conversation , he told us he had to carry the weapon because of the feud raging between him and another villager .
I remember our party laughing about it at the time , seeing it as evidence of an age - old way of life , where people were bound by centuries of tradition .
I have no idea what Kalam is like today , and I fear the worst for Swat 's other outstanding attraction - the Buddhist ruins .
When I was there , you did not have to search hard to see priceless ancient etchings in the rock of the valley , or find sites like Butkara , just outside Mingora , built as a Buddhist monastery .
For thousands of years , these ruins had been preserved , co-existing in the past few centuries with Islam in Swat .
But it 's not hard to imagine the threat posed to the Buddhist heritage both by the conflict and by the Taliban 's attitude to anything pre-Islamic .
In the days of the old Swat , we used to wish it would fulfil its potential as a tourist destination - although popular with Pakistanis , it could have attracted so many more foreign visitors .
Their spending power would have made a difference to the many Swatis working in the fledgling hospitality business .
Today , my wish is much simpler - if only we could have the old Swat back .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The idea of a scanner - made camera is nothing super new , but concocting one which snaps photos at 130 - megapixels is pretty amazing .
That 's exactly what some Japanese dude with a touch of tech know - how accomplished .
Advertisement
Spyuge , the amateur photographer responsible for this DIY gem , says that he took a 1200 dpi Epson GT - S620 scanner , and an old Canon FD 50 mm lens , fusing the two together to produce this .
He said he chose that particular scanner because it has a CCD sensor , uses a camera - like lens of its own and uses LED lighting .
In some of the shots , there 's obviously noticeable noise even at 800 or 1024 res , but all things considered , these photos are more than respectable .
Advertisement
Bouncing Red Ball also has a close - up zoom to show what kind of detail the camera setup can produce ( SPOILER : it 's not shabby at all ) .
For the few brave ones out there , you can also check out a full - resolution image for yourself .
This is not for the faint of heart .
In case you do n't want to do the ( relatively basic ) math , a 130 - megapixel image calculates out to roughly a 13,000x10,000 resolution image .
Meanwhile the rest of us can appreciate some of the shots found in Spyuge 's Flickr stream .
[ Spyuge via Bouncing Red Ball via Boing Boing Gadgets ]
The NYT 's report about a new , big - screened Kindle has just been given a huge cred injection : Amazon has sent around invites for an event on this coming Wednesday .
Advertisement
The invite is short and nonspecific , but everyone already knows what 's coming :
We 'd like to invite you to an Amazon.com press conference scheduled for Wednesday , May 6 at 10:30 am ET .
The press conference is scheduled to take place at the Michael Schimmel Center for the Arts at Pace University , located at 3 Spruce Street , New York City .
Doors will open for registration at 9:30 am ET .
Advertisement
Peter Kafka notes that the last time Amazon held an event in NYC was for the Kindle 2 , so this is pretty close to a sure thing .
[ AllThingsD ]
Trasportatori serie " TN " Come la serie Edilveyor anche la serie TN può essere impiegta per il trasporto di rottami e materiale di risulta di pezzatura ridotta .
La scelta tra il modello Edilveyor ed il modello TN si opera principalmente valutando i tre seguenti fattori : PERCORSO MATERIALE :
Se il percorso che dovrà compiere il materiale può essere suddiviso in uno o più tratti rettilinei [ non compie curve , salite o discesce ] e la lunghezza del tratto supera i 6mt , in tal caso può essere valutata la serie TN ( oltre i 6/10 mt normalmente più economica ) .
DURATA DEL CANTIERE : la serie TN è realizzata con telai in lamiera sagomata ( meno rigida di Edilveyor ) e date le lunghezze ricavabili ( anche oltre 30 mt ) viene trasportato SMONTATO ; ne consegue che il montaggio e smontaggio della serie TN sarà più lungo e complesso , giustificato quindi solo per cantieri di medio - lunga durata .
SPAZI IN CANTIERE : mentre la serie Edilveyor nasce per soddisfare le esigenze di cantieri in settore edile , la serie TN è realizzata con telai in lamiera sagomata ( meno rigida di ) e date le lunghezze ricavabili ( anche oltre 30 mt ) viene trasportato SMONTATO ; ne consegue che il montaggio e smontaggio della serie TN sarà più lungo e complesso , giustificato quindi solo per cantieri di medio - lunga durata .
SOLUZIONE MISTA :
In alcune situazioni è possibile , oltre che economicamente vantaggioso , valutare una soluzione mista : impiegare sia nastri trasportatori serie Edilveyor per affrontare i punti più difficoltosi , sia la serie TN nelle lunghe percorrenze .
Nastri trasportatori per macerie da cantieristica LA SOLUZIONE MISTA :
In cantieri simili a quelli illustrati nelle immagini , si può valutare una soluzione mista , impegando i trasportatori a nastro serie EDILVEYOR nei punti svolta o difficili da raggiungere , e i trasportatori a nastro serie TN nei tratti più lunghi .
VANTAGGI NASTRI TRASPORTATORI EDILVEYOR
Struttura principale realizzata in tubolare cavo di acciaio LEGGERO RIGIDO E PRONTO ALL'USO .
Predisposizione con foratura Ø50 mm. per montaggio su impalcature ( tubi innocenti / dalmine ) .
VANTAGGI NASTRI TRASPORTATORI TN Realizzato in moduli permette di raggiungere lunghezze elevate .
Prezzo economico sui lunghi tratti .
VANTAGGI SOLUZIONE MISTA Ottimizzazione dell ' investimento iniziale .
Razionalizzazione del parco macchine ( in futuro avrete a disposizione sia nastri trasportatori corti e leggeri per cantieri veloci , sia trasportatori per tratti lunghi per cantieri importanti ) .
VANTAGGI GENERALI NASTRI TRASPORTATORI
In generale l'impiego di trasportatori a nastro risulta vantaggioso in quanto riduce enormemente la durata del cantiere , richiede l'impiego di minori energie , si sostituisce al passaggio continuo di mezzi pesanti come escavatori o camion che in alcuni casi causano danni di vario genere a costruzioni o luoghi di interesse AMBIENTALE e STORICO .
vedi anche : | trasportatori nastro serie TN | nastri trasportatore EDILVEYOR | oppure contattaci |
VA . LAWMAKER'S VIEW VA .
LAWMAKER'S VIEW " Like those in any other congressional districts , we Virginians would rather not have terrorism suspects held and tried in our back yard . . .
Often , though , doing the right thing is neither popular nor convenient . "
– Rep. Jim Moran , D - Va. WASHINGTON ( AP )  Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri , delivering the Republicans ' weekly radio and Internet address , said Saturday that President Obama 's plan to close the Guantanamo detention center " is a dangerous case of putting symbolism over security . "
Bond said the president needs to tell the American people where the terrorists held at Guantanamo Bay will be sent .
" The American people have a right to know exactly what the White House plans to do with these terrorists , " said Bond , the ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee .
" Americans do n't want these terrorists in their neighborhood . "
PRESIDENTIAL ADDRESS : Obama makes push for credit card legislation Obama has pledged to have the detention center for terrorist suspects closed by January .
But the White House has yet to disclose where the 241 detainees will be sent .
In an op - ed piece Saturday , one Democratic lawmaker suggested that his northern Virginia community could handle the trials of some detainees .
On Friday , it was learned that Obama had a 25 - minute discussion with Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh about what might be done with about 100 Yemeni prisoners .
The United States wants Saleh 's support for a plan to send them to terrorist rehabilitation centers in Saudi Arabia .
The Yemeni president reportedly wants the Yemeni prisoners sent back to their homeland .
Bond , in his radio address , said the president " has no plan for what to do with these killers " and that the administration has suggested some of them may come into the United States .
" There is no easy solution here , " Bond said .
" But having no solution and moving forward with the closing of the prison at Guantanamo is a dangerous gamble with our security here at home and our troops abroad . "
Meanwhile , in an op - ed column for the Washington Post , one Democratic lawmaker said his Virginia community , just across the river from the nation 's capital and the home of a federal courthouse accustomed to handling high - profile defendants , would be willing and able to host trials of the detainees .
" Should President Obama determine that Alexandria needs to play a reasonably limited role in a nationwide effort to bring justice to the Guantanamo detainees , " Rep. Jim Moran wrote , " I am confident that Alexandrians will stand strong as they always have : gritting their teeth , stiffening their spines and carrying the load required . "
Aides to House Republican leaders sent e-mails to reporters mocking Moran for volunteering his community .
" Dem Jim Moran Says Yes to Terrorists in Alexandria , " read the subject line from Kevin Smith , an aide to House Republican Leader John Boehner .
Moran , who served as mayor of Alexandria before entering congress , acknowledged there would likely be " public outrage in some circles " of his constituency if Guantamo Bay prisoners were tried in his community .
In his op - ed piece , Moran added : " Often , though , doing the right thing is neither popular nor convenient . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I anatomize a successful open - source project , fetchmail , that was run as a deliberate test of the surprising theories about software engineering suggested by the history of Linux .
I discuss these theories in terms of two fundamentally different development styles , the ``cathedral '' model of most of the commercial world versus the ``bazaar '' model of the Linux world .
I show that these models derive from opposing assumptions about the nature of the software - debugging task .
I then make a sustained argument from the Linux experience for the proposition that ``Given enough eyeballs , all bugs are shallow '' , suggest productive analogies with other self - correcting systems of selfish agents , and conclude with some exploration of the implications of this insight for the future of software .
The Cathedral and the Bazaar
Linux is subversive .
Who would have thought even five years ago ( 1991 ) that a world - class operating system could coalesce as if by magic out of part - time hacking by several thousand developers scattered all over the planet , connected only by the tenuous strands of the Internet ?
Certainly not I .
By the time Linux swam onto my radar screen in early 1993 , I had already been involved in Unix and open - source development for ten years .
I was one of the first GNU contributors in the mid-1980s .
I had released a good deal of open - source software onto the net , developing or co-developing several programs ( nethack , Emacs 's VC and GUD modes , xlife , and others ) that are still in wide use today .
I thought I knew how it was done .
Linux overturned much of what I thought I knew .
I had been preaching the Unix gospel of small tools , rapid prototyping and evolutionary programming for years .
But I also believed there was a certain critical complexity above which a more centralized , a priori approach was required .
I believed that the most important software ( operating systems and really large tools like the Emacs programming editor ) needed to be built like cathedrals , carefully crafted by individual wizards or small bands of mages working in splendid isolation , with no beta to be released before its time .
Linus Torvalds 's style of development — release early and often , delegate everything you can , be open to the point of promiscuity — came as a surprise .
No quiet , reverent cathedral - building here — rather , the Linux community seemed to resemble a great babbling bazaar of differing agendas and approaches ( aptly symbolized by the Linux archive sites , who'd take submissions from anyone ) out of which a coherent and stable system could seemingly emerge only by a succession of miracles .
The fact that this bazaar style seemed to work , and work well , came as a distinct shock .
As I learned my way around , I worked hard not just at individual projects , but also at trying to understand why the Linux world not only did n't fly apart in confusion but seemed to go from strength to strength at a speed barely imaginable to cathedral - builders .
By mid-1996 I thought I was beginning to understand .
Chance handed me a perfect way to test my theory , in the form of an open - source project that I could consciously try to run in the bazaar style .
So I did — and it was a significant success .
This is the story of that project .
I 'll use it to propose some aphorisms about effective open - source development .
Not all of these are things I first learned in the Linux world , but we 'll see how the Linux world gives them particular point .
If I 'm correct , they 'll help you understand exactly what it is that makes the Linux community such a fountain of good software — and , perhaps , they will help you become more productive yourself .
When two or more arm - joints meet transversely by a rigid suture , and only the upper one is pinnule - bearing , those joints form a syzygy , whether their apposed faces are striated , dotted , or smooth .
One minor fascination of mine that I wrote about in BLONDES is facial asymmetry .
Asymmetrical facial features themselves are n’t so interesting — everyone , save a few supermodels , has one brow that ’s a little higher than the other or cockeyed ears .
But the asymmetrical expression of feelings is interesting , and it turns out that there ’s some real science to it .
Scientists have long known that the right side of the face is controlled by the left hemisphere of the brain , and the left side is controlled by the right hemisphere .
Why does this matter ?
It means your left side gives away more about your state of mind than your right side .
The right hemisphere of the brain is more “ emotional ” and , because it controls the left half of your face , raw emotions leak out more on the left than the right .
Numerous studies have found evidence for what they call “ right - hemisphere dominance ” and “ lateral symmetry of bodily emotion expression ” .
For instance : People who are emotionally expressive , particularly women , are inclined to turn their heads right , baring more left cheek .
Artists tend to paint the left profile of their subjects , especially if the subject is a woman .
The leftward bias , the researchers suggest , draws out more of the sitter ’s true self .
Portraits of powerful men , however , are commonly painted with more right cheek exposed .
( Visiting an art museum the other week , I noticed this was true . )
A recent study also found that the entire left body side expresses higher amplitude and energy than the right , resulting in higher expressiveness .
Next time you find yourself gripped by feelings , be aware of which side of your body is more active .
Some studies suggest that negative emotions in particular are expressed on the left side of the face more than the right .
( Note that artists ’ renditions of a two - faced Dr. Jekyll / Mr . Hyde here , here , here , here , and here always show Hyde as the left half of the face .
Never is the good , rational doctor depicted on the left . )
When deciding which snap to use for my author photo , I was keenly aware of the difference between the left and right sides of my face .
I hated the shots that showed more of my left profile .
I looked too testy or too tentative ; something was off .
Friends disagreed , finding the left - biased portraits more charming and authentic .
But I resisted and chose one with maximum right cheek — and felt more in control .
In a post several months ago , I was talking about sugars and mentioned :
Note that in the cyclic isomer of glucose – β- D - glucopyranose ( left ) – all 5 substituents on the pyran ring are in the low - energy equatorial position ( actually , the lowest - energy conformation of glucose is α- D - glucopyranose , where one of the - OH substituents is in the axial position .
It is stabilized by what is known as the anomeric effect )
To which Mitch commented :
In regards to the anomeric effect , no one else finds it strange that when there is no good stereoelectronic effect explanation all of a sudden hyperconjugation is the key ?
First , a mea culpa .
For unsubstituted glucopyranose , the β isomer is the lowest - energy isomer , and the α isomer is disfavored at a ratio of about 64:36 .
When the hydroxyl group at the acetal position is changed to a methoxy group , then the α isomer is the lowest - energy isomer at a ratio of about 67:33 – the selectivity reverses .
( click images for larger throughout ) ( update : figure labels fixed )
Second , my PhD research relies heavily on the anomeric effect , and I often get this ‘ I do n’t understand the anomeric effect ’ response from people .
They assume it ’s all handwaving .
I ’d like to explain the anomeric effect and hopefully clear up some of the confusion surrounding it .
Read more below the jump .
We remember from undergrad organic classes , that substituents on a cyclohexane ring prefer the equatorial position to relieve steric strain .
There is a corresponding ring - flipped chair in which the substituent is axial , and the energy barrier associated with this ring flip can be quantified .
For cyclohexanol , the equatorial position is favored at a ratio of about 9:1 .
When an endocyclic heteroatom ( typically oxygen , nitrogen , or sulfur ) is introduced at the position adjacent to the hydroxy group , for the example of methoxypyran , the hydroxy substituent now prefers the axial orientation – in spite of the associated steric strain – at a ratio of about 4:1 .
This trend is not limited to oxygen substituents .
Any electronegative element will prefer an axial position when a heteroatom is on the adjacent endocylic position .
For the fluoro - xylose derivative in the image , the fluorine prefers the axial position EVEN THOUGH all of the other substituents are also axial .
This phenomenon is known for acylic systems , too .
If you were asked to draw a Newman projection for pentane and dimethoxymethane , for pentane you would drawn the Newman projection where the two bulky substituents are antiperiplanar to each other to minimize steric interactions .
And you ’d be right .
But for dimethoxymethane , the two bulky substituents are gauche to each other in the lowest - energy Newman projection .
As a hint to what ’s going on , this puts a lone pair on oxygen antiperiplanar to the electronegative substituent .
So why is this happening ?
There are two main explanations given , and they both work together to explain why the seemingly more sterically hindered conformation is the most stable .
On one hand , when the electronegative substituent is in an equatorial orientation , the local dipole moment of the substituent and the local dipole of the endocyclic heteroatom are pointing in relatively the same direction .
This alignment of dipoles leads to a large net dipole for the molecule .
However , when the electronegative substituent is axial , the local dipoles are more or less pointing away from each other .
This relief of a net dipole is stabilizing for the molecule .
This is a fine explanation , but I do n’t think it fully accounts for all of the stabilization seen in these systems .
The other main explanation is a molecular orbital argument .
In short , whenever you can lower the energy of a system , the system is net more stable .
When the electronegative substituent is in an axial orientation , the C - X sigma * antibonding orbital is directly lined up with the axial lone pair of electrons on oxygen .
This allows for some delocalization of the lone pair of electrons into the sigma* antibonding orbital .
The electrons from the lone pair interact with the sigma* antibonding orbital in a stabilizing manner .
The elctron density is now spread over two atoms .
The delocalization of the electrons results in a stabilization of those electrons , and leads to a net stabilization of the molecule .
But why do n’t all groups next to an endocyclic heteroatom prefer the axial orientation , you might ask ?
Why would n’t a regular methyl group be stabilized in the same way ?
There is a trend amond endocyclic and exocylic groups which rates the ability to donate or accept electrons .
A carbanion is among the best electron donors , and heteroatom lone pairs are pretty good donors , too .
Things like C - H sigma bonding electrons are n’t such good donors , but do delocalize to some extent ( this is why teritary carbocations are more stable than methyl carbocations ) .
There is a similar trend for electron accepting groups .
An empty p orbital is among the best acceptors , and C - X sigma * antibonding orbitals are pretty good , too .
The reason for this is the relative energy of the donating and accepting orbitals .
Carbanions and heteroatom lone pairs are relatively higher in energy than C - H sigma bonding electrons , and p orbitals and C - X sigma * antibonding orbitals are relatively lower in energy than C - C sigma* antibonding orbtials .
When the donor and acceptor orbitals are closer in energy , the stabilization is more favorable .
I talked about this general phenomenon as it relates to hyperconjugation over on the forums , too , if you want to read more .
So to summarize , for a cyclic system , when an endocyclic atom ( Y ) has a lone pair of electrons , a neighboring electronegative substituent ( X ) prefers to reside in an axial orientation .
More generally for cyclic or acylic systems , when a heteroatom ( Y ) has a lone pair of electrons , an neighboring electronegative group prefers a gauche orientation – in spite of what sterics might dictate .
This allows for maximum overlap of the lone pair of electrons and the neighboring C - X sigma* antibonding orbital .
Update : Forgot to list my sources .
The two sources from which I pulled most of my analysis are :
The issue of Peak Oil is a hot topic these days , but an issue that will ultimately affect us even more will be Peak Water .
To be more succinct , we ’re running out of water .
If we do n’t act now to try to curtail our domestic water consumption , we ’re squandering one of our most precious resources .
Freshwater is so incredibly important to us , not only for drinking and washing , but for growing our food .
Irrigation accounts for up to one third of our freshwater use , the largest demand on our water supply .
The average American household uses about 80 to 100 gallons a day , mostly to flush the toilet .
After that , the water we use for washing ourselves and our clothes is the next biggest use .
So how can we cut down on our domestic water usage ?
There are some simple and affordable steps you can take to keep your personal water consumption down , and they do n’t entail bathing in a bucket , either .
Household Water Saving Tips
If I devoted as much time and energy to studying in college as I do in filling out my March Madness brackets , I would of graduated Magna Cum Laude instead of Praise The Lord-e .
Chugging a combination of Mountain Dew and Red Bull in order to stay awake , I was the guy hunkered down in the computer lab at 4 in the morning just starting his introduction statement for the 12 page paper due for my 8 o’clock philosophy class .
Procrastination pretty much summed up my work ethic while in school .
However , the complete opposite is true when it comes to my dedication towards March Madness .
Only a few minutes after the brackets are announced I begin racking my brain over matchups , statistics and data .
I scour rosters looking for teams with solid guard play and senior leadership .
Going into my man cave ( okay , the living room once the girls are in bed ) , I break down game film that would make Dean Smith and Bobby Knight proud .
For some strange reason , around this time of year I pay extra close attention to Disney Princess movies just in case it gives me an edge in picking this year ’s Cinderella .
The internal debate rages on over which team ’s bandwagon I should jump on and ride to the finals and which wagon I should avoid at all cost because it is going to break an axle ala The Oregon Trail by losing in the second round of the tourney .
Instead of sleeping at night , I toss and turn pondering sleepers .
After all , who needs shut eye when bragging rights around the water cooler are hanging in the balance ?
There is a fine line between over thinking things and being knowledgeable .
Sadly , my head always seems to overpower my gut .
Most years the hours of studying result in me being nowhere close to feeling secure in my picks .
The problem that arises from cramming your noggin with data is that it can be skewed to make it say whatever you want .
This causes my indecisiveness to kick into overdrive .
I fill out bracket after bracket after different bracket .
With fifty or so brackets in hand , one would assume this would be the end to the silly charade of proving my basketball I.Q.
Anyone else in their right mind would be tying up loose ends by making sure they have Buffalo Wild Wings on speed dial and practicing their best phlegm cough so they can call in sick Thursday and Friday in order to watch the opening round games .
However , my lack of self - control finds me heading over to popular sports websites like ESPN and CNNSI to see how my picks line up with the “ talking heads . ”
After all these years , I have n’t the slightest clue why I still listen to “ experts ” ( I use this term very loosely ) like Jay “ Flip Flop ” Bilas , Dick Vitale , Andy Katz and Digger Phelps .
I am convinced that on top of being members of the sports media they all have side jobs as used car salesman .
Somehow they can make their bracket appear like it is top of the line when chances are good all they are offering is a clunker .
Yet , if their selections differ from mine even in the slightest bit , it means yet another bracket is created .
All of the blood , sweat , tears and heartburn I experiencing during March Madness is in hopes of achieving the elusive perfect bracket .
It is similar to the quest for the Holy Grail as many have told stories about knowing a friend of a friend of a former college roommate who pulled it off , yet no one has ever seen concrete proof that sheet ever existed .
Just for giggles , I decided to do a little research on the math behind the madness that comes with trying to reach perfection with your bracket .
Here is some information I found from the American Institute of Physics , you know since the average physicist is concerned over who is going to come out on top in the 5 vs. 12 matchup :
Since there are 64 games and two possible outcomes for each game - a win and a loss - the number of possible outcomes for the tournament is a staggering 2 to the power of 64–2 multiplied by itself 64 times–or 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 if you want to spell it out .
With that many possibilities , every man , woman , child and baby on the planet could fill out 2.8 billion brackets –each of them completely unique–and still not exhaust the possibilities .
Forget about winning for a moment .
How about writing out all the possibilities ?
Even if you could write all your predictions for one bracket in one second , it would take over 500 billion years to write all the possibilities –much longer than the age of the universe .
If you could get a billion close friends to help you and each of them could fill in one bracket per second , then you would be done in about 500 years –the 26th century .
Even though it is pretty obvious that luck plays a significant role in winning your office pool , I see filling out brackets as a challenging to my manhood .
The beauty of March Madness is that everyone loves the possibility of telling everyone else that they were right .
Even the 75 - year - old secretary loves to gloat about picking George Mason to go to the Final Four back in 2006 .
What Beatrice neglects to tell you is that she only picked GMU due to her bad eyesight and thinking it said Perry Mason , which was one of her favorite TV shows back in the 60’s .
Now that I ’ve decided to fill out a single bracket this year , I am contemplating throwing all caution to the wind and utilizing these kooky techniques some use in picking out their winners .
I could go with the best names in college basketball approach .
If I do then that means I am praying for a deep run for Wake Forest ( Al - Farouq Aminu meaning ‘ The Chief Has Come ’ ) and Michigan State ( Idong Ibok ) .
When faced with a tough matchup , I might force the Mascots to throw down MMA style by entering the Octagon for a fight to the death .
This technique will only be used as a last resort because it does not bode well for my Maryland Terps considering their first round opponent is the Cal Bears .
Chances are good Yogi and Boo-Boo would be enjoying some turtle soup as an appetizer .
Considering I live in the hotbed of ACC country , the “ D’ Oh ! Factor ” or better known as the “ Reverse Homer ” pick should be used to give me a leg up on the competition .
This means the Duke Blue Devils and UNC Tarheels are out as champs on my bracket as everyone and their mother will have them cutting down the nets in the pools I enter .
I wish I could say how freeing it will be only have one bracket to worry about over the next 3 ½ weeks .
But , in actuality my stress level is at an all time high knowing once my bracket is busted it is busted for good .
What if my gut lets me down this time ?
Should I go with my heart or my head ?
What if God forbid , my mom , Jenn or even my 4 -½ year old daughter Madison comes out on top ?
After attempting to get over the shame and embarrassment , I ’ll throw out the physicist ’s card .
Since they spent more time studying in college then I did , I can trust those smart physicists know what they are talking about when they say the only thing you can count on during the tourney is the pure unpredictability of it all .
Let the Madness begin !
DON’T FORGET TO JOIN THE 30 TO CURE 30 MARCH MADNESS BRACKET CHALLENGE .
Follow this link to join ( the necessary info is found below ) :
30 To Cure 30 Tourney Time
Group ID # 42855
Password : 30 To Cure 30
** DON ’T FORGET – Be sure to complete your brackets before registration closes at tip off of the first game of Round 1 on Thursday , March 19 **
Mr Ban said he had written to the leaders of the four countries The United Nations Secretary General has urged governments around the world to work towards eradicating polio .
Ban Ki-moon made his comments to delegates at the Rotary International Annual Convention at the National Exhibition Centre ( NEC ) in Birmingham .
The organisation has contributed £ 485 m ( $ 800 m ) since launching a campaign in 1985 to eliminate the disease .
He said polio was now only endemic in four countries , falling from 125 when the campaign began .
Mr Ban said he had written to political and religious leaders of the four remaining countries - Pakistan , Afghanistan , Nigeria and India - asking them to " protect their children and stop the virus wherever it survives " .
We can either cut back on health expenditures and incur massive losses in lives ... or we can invest in health and spare both people and economies
Ban Ki-Moon , United Nations Secretary General
The disease can spread easily when there is poor sanitation .
It attacks the body 's nervous system , in some cases causing paralysis within a matter of hours .
Children under five are most at risk although it can affect any age .
The advent of vaccines in the late 1950s effectively ended the threat to the developed countries .
" Now is the time to finish the job , I call on all governments around the world to help us , " Mr Ban told Rotary members .
" Together we can fulfil the Rotarian vision and give future generations a polio - free world .
" At this time of global economic downturn , we find ourselves at a crossroads .
" We face multiple crises .
We can either cut back on health expenditures and incur massive losses in lives and capacity for growth , or we can invest in health and spare both people and economies the high cost of inaction .
" The choice should be clear . "
Anti-apartheid campaigner Archbishop Desmond Tutu was the keynote speaker at the convention on Thursday .
The event , which ends on 24 June , has been predicted to bring in £ 20 m to the West Midlands region .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DNA damage caused by the sun , smoking or an unhealthy lifestyle causes hair to turn grey , a new study has shown .
The research , published by a team of Japanese scientists in the journal Cell , shows that DNA damage to melanocyte stem cells in mice , the cells that produce hair 's colour pigment melanin , leads to hair changing colour .
Cancer researcher Tracey Bryan , of Westmead Hospital in Sydney , says scientists have known for some time that DNA damage accelerates ageing .
But she says , " what 's novel [ in this research ] is the role of stem cells in the ageing process . "
Migrating stem cells
Bryan says recent research has shown that DNA damage accumulated in stem cells , the basic cells that can transform into specialised cells such as skin , brain or muscle , is most important in ageing .
In healthy hair strands , stem cells migrate to the blub of the hair follicle , gaining the pigment melanin to become melanocytes .
The melanocytes then move into the shaft of the hair giving it colour , says Brian .
" What 's happening in grey hair is that the stem cells are turning into melanocytes in the wrong location .
They never reach the blub or contribute to the hair so the hair goes grey , " she says .
Brian says these non-functioning melanocytes are called ectopic cells .
Molecular biologist Brian Morris , of the University of Sydney , says melanocyte stem cells live in niche 's inside the blub region of the hair follicle .
He says these areas need to be preserved for hair colour to remain throughout our lives .
" With age , DNA damage takes place through smoking , stress , radiation and as a result good melanocyte cells become depleted , and we see greying of the hair . "
Checkpoint malfunction
Morris says the Japanese study also uncovered a stem cell checkpoint , an enzyme called ATM , that can also determine whether stem cells become functioning melanocytes or ectopic cells .
If the checkpoint is damaged it can result in more cells moving into the ectopic phase , he says .
Morris says understanding how cells work and age will lead to new ways of counteracting the ageing mechanisms .
" Everyone 's interested in ageing because it 's the one thing we have in common , " he says .
Bryan believes the study could also have implications for cancer research .
" Cancer and ageing are like the flipside of one coin , " she says .
Bryan says DNA damage causes stem cells to age and become cells they 're not supposed to be .
" It 's thought stem cells are involved in cancer growth .
So if we could harness that process and cause cancer cells to age prematurely , it would possibly stop their proliferation . "
In the meantime Morris says the natural way to reduce DNA damage and delay the ageing process is to eat well , exercise and avoid smoking , alcohol and too much sun .
Shot through the heart and you ’re to blame ( Apple ) you made Sling downgrade
What a freaking disappointment !
All the hype , all the love , and the sugar that was poured on Sling .
So I guess it is true .
Every rose has its thorn just like every Sling Player App has its guts ripped out of it .
I swear that app was going to be a sweet child of mine .
But now , I do n’t want it , dead or alive .
OK , enough of the bad ( or really good depending on your perspective ) 80 ’s hair band lyrics .
Seriously though .
Have you seen the news ?
Have you heard what Apple / AT&T did to Sling ’s SlingPlayer Mobile app ?
They gutted it .
They sent them back and told them to remove 3G support .
Thought it would be too much traffic on the network .
Boo hoo .
You do know that AT&T has other smart phones with Sling Player apps on them do n’t you ?
And they work over a 3G connection .
This just pisses me off .
Oh , I almost forgot the best part .
They want to charge you $ 30 for this downgraded , half hearted effort at a mobile Sling app .
$ 30 !
$ 30 to stream my TV over WiFi only ?
You have to be kidding me .
So in case you ’re wondering , I will not be downloading the SlingPlayer Mobile app that comes out tomorrow .
I will wait for the Hulu app or for Apple / AT&T to loosen their reigns on Sling before that happens .
So until I come on and feel the noise about Sling on 3G , I ’m going to take my iPhone down to the app store city , where the apps are free and they work on 3G .
Oh wo n’t this article please end …..
Source : engadget
Wilson , NC Fights Community Broadband Ban Carriers try to kill symmetrical FTTH operation ... symmetrical speeds up to 100 Mbps -- far surpassing the best local incumbents Embarq and Time Warner Cable have to offer .
Embarq and Time Warner Cable did what any carrier in a government - protected duopoly would do : they began a several year campaign to lobby state legislators to not only pass laws that would effectively cripple or ban such operations , but also prohibit this community from getting access to broadband stimulus funds .
In response , local city officials have launched a The city of Wilson , North Carolina launched a $ 28 million municipal broadband operation named Greenlight last year , offeringspeeds up to 100 Mbps -- far surpassing the best local incumbents Embarq and Time Warner Cable have to offer .
Embarq and Time Warner Cable did what any carrier in a government - protected duopoly would do : they began a several year campaign to lobby state legislators to not only pass laws that would effectively cripple or ban such operations , but also .
In response , local city officials have launched a new website and FAQ arguing against the bills .
This IndyWeek report on the Wilson network is a must read , and notes the city went first to Time Warner and Embarq to build the network , but they refused .
News Jump SpaceX Providing Internet To Towns Hit by Wildfires ; Verizon Launches New 5G Home Hardware In Twin Cities ; + more news Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 98 comments
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 2 recommendations FFH5 Premium Member Bills make good sense - avoid tax cross-subsidization
From the city officials complaining about these bills own web site :
» savencbb.wordpress.com /about /
The bills would :
* Prohibit cities from moving money between broadband and other divisions .
So , Wilson citizens cant expect to see any of their subscription fees go to pave streets and build basketball courts .
Does that make sense ?
* Ban cities from pricing service below the cost of providing the service .
Cable and phone companies run temporary cheap sign - up specials all the time .
I doubt they re following that rule even now .
In other words , the bills would prevent cities from finding more ways to raise taxes not dedicated to the reason they were created for in the 1st place .
If city broadband can't pay its own way , then it should n't exist .
These bills do n't stop gov't broadband .
They merely prevent taxpayer moneys for other services like trash , water & electric from subsidizing broadband costs .
From the city officials complaining about these bills own web site :
In other words , the bills would prevent cities from finding more ways to raise taxes not dedicated to the reason they were created for in the 1st place .
If city broadband can't pay its own way , then it should n't exist .
Goldman
join:2002-06-21
Maumelle , AR 2 recommendations Goldman Member
It 's a shame I guess Wilson did n't have anything better it could do with $ 28 million than replicate a service offered by private companies .
This is a totally irresponsible use of tax dollars .
battleop
join:2005-09-28
00000 2 recommendations battleop Member
When you do n't have to be responsible ...
When you do n't have to be responsible for the money you spend you can do things like this .
" Ban cities from pricing service below the cost of providing the service . "
Oh you mean like run the network like a real business and not a government agency ?
If they would only apply this law to everything government does .
From Conservapedia
Neil deGrasse Tyson is an astrophysicist and Director of the Hayden Planetarium .
He has become a very public figure , frequently speaking out on topics of science education and scientific literacy , in the mold of Carl Sagan from the 1980s and , more recently , Richard Dawkins .
He has become a very public figure , having been featured on various popular media programs such as the History Channel , where he has promoted his scientific worldview .
[ 1 ]
He is the director of the Hayden Planetarium [ 2 ] and a member of the Planetary Society , but is not a professor .
In 2014 , Tyson was the host of Cosmos : A Space - Time Odyssey , [ 3 ] which is an updated version of Carl Sagan 's 1980 documentary entitled Cosmos : A Personal Voyage .
Neil Degrasse Tyson on the origin of the universe
See also : Atheism and the origin of the universe
Neil deGrasse
Tyson when asked about the origin of the universe and how things went from nothing to something said : " We have no idea .
Next question ? " . [ 4 ]
Speaking Out about Scientific Literacy and Science Education
Since about 2015 , Mr. Tyson has been very vocal about science education and scientific literacy .
He believes that , for the United States to maintain its preeminence as a nation , it must maintain preeminence in science .
He is particularly concerned about denial of evolutionary science and denial of anthropogenic climate change .
He produced a video , published on Facebook on April 19 , 2017 , that states his concerns very directly . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
“ Science is not something to say ' I choose not to believe E equals mc2 . '
You do n't have that option .
When you have an established scientific emergent truth , it is true whether or not you believe it .
” — Neil deGrasse Tyson , April , 2017
On April 21 , 2017 , no doubt in connection with " Earth Day " and the various pro-science rallies to be held around the nation on April 22 , he issued another Facebook essay . [ 7 ]
“ When Einstein derived his equations , I ’d bet neither he nor anyone else was thinking “ Barcodes ! ” or “ Lasik Surgery ! ” or “ Rock Concerts ! ” ” — Neil deGrasse Tyson , April , 2017
In this latter essay , he listed 9 Presidents — 5 Republican and 4 Democratic — that made wise choices about national science policy .
Quote Fabrication Controversies
Fabrication of a George W. Bush quote
Tyson has been repeatedly accused of fabricating quotes that he uses in his presentations .
[ 8 ]
The most damning accusation is that he fabricated a quote that he attributes to President George W. Bush .
Tyson claims that Bush said , " Our God is the God who named the stars " in the week shortly after 9/11 as a way of separating Christians and Jews from radical Muslims . [ 9 ]
However , there is zero evidence that George W. Bush ever uttered that phrase .
He had a similar line in a February 2003 speech given after the Columbia space shuttle disaster : " The same Creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today . " [ 10 ]
The quote had nothing to do with Islam , nothing to do with 9/11 ( it happened a year and a half after 9/11 ) , and no reasonable observer could conclude that the line was meant to separate Jews or Christians from Muslims .
Every aspect of Tyson 's story about Bush and the quote about stars was found to be false . [ 11 ]
Fabrication of a newspaper headline
Tyson was also accused of fabricating a newspaper headline that he regularly uses to question the numerical illiteracy of journalists .
The quote he uses in his presentations is , " Half the schools in the district were below average . " [ 12 ]
He attributes that quote to " Newspaper Headline . "
However , extensive research using Google and Nexis records has revealed that such a headline does not exist . [ 13 ]
Although a small handful of news articles contain similar phrases , none contains the verbatim phrase that is quoted extensively by Tyson .
Even if such a headline did occur , it might well be sensible if it were a shortened form of saying that half the schools in the district were below the state average .
But without the story , it is impossible to say whether there was some mathematical stupidity .
Fabrication of a Member of Congress quote
In addition to using a newspaper headline that does not appear to exist , Tyson has also been accused of fabricating a quote which he says was uttered by a " Member of Congress . " [ 14 ]
Tyson uses this quote in his presentations to illustrate the mathematical illiteracy of politicians .
The quote cited by Tyson is , " I have changed my views 360 degrees on that issue . " [ 15 ]
Tyson has also used this line in college commencement addresses . [ 16 ]
As with the other quotes which Tyson is accused of fabricating , there is also zero evidence that this particular quote has ever been uttered by a member of Congress .
Extensive searches of Google , Nexis , and the Congressional Record found no instance of the quote spoken by a member of Congress . [ 17 ]
A similar quote was spoken by Rep. Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) in 1998 , but she was attacking a colleague , not referring to her own views .
“ You have done a 360 - degree turn , " Waters said , according to the Los Angeles Times .
" I ’m a little disappointed .
Never in my wildest imagination did I think that you would have such a conflict in views about perjury and lying . ” [ 18 ]
If Tyson was referring to Waters ' quote , it is unclear why he mangled it and then refused to cite her as the quote 's source .
Nor it is clear why Tyson objects to the term " 360 - degree turn " .
A politician might well reverse his views on an issue twice , and that could be described as a 360 - degree turn .
Tyson's bad history , bad math , and bad physics
Tyson is becoming known as a source of misinformation .
This is in spite of Tyson 's fans actively censoring news they do n't like . [ 19 ]
Tyson's Bush and Star Names story
For eight years Tyson gave an account of President Bush 's 9 - 11 where Bush " attempted to distinguish we from they . "
When Bush 's actual speech [ 20 ] was a call for tolerance and inclusion .
It turns out that Tyson conflated Bush 's eulogy for the Space Shuttle Columbia astronauts with his 9 - 11 speech .
However , in neither speech did Bush attempt to distinguish Christians from Muslims .
Tall tales about Newton
Tyson tells a story about Newton where a friend asks Newton about elliptical orbits .
Newton goes home , invents integral and differential calculus and the comes back two months later with the answer .
And then Newton turns 26 .
Halley 's question about elliptical orbits is famous and well documented .
Halley asked Newton this question when Newton was 41 .
Newton came back two years later with the rough draft for Principia and Principia was published when Newton was 45 . [ 21 ]
It is thought that Newton developed his calculus ideas when he was in his twenties .
But if not because of a " dare " from Halley , what prompted him ?
More likely it was his colleague Isaac Barrow .
Barrow , Fermat , Cavalieri and others and already laid the foundations of calculus in the generation before Newton and Leibniz .
See Thony Christie disembowel Tyson 's bad history . [ 22 ]
More transcendentals than irrationals
Tyson told Joe Rogan there are more transcendentals than irrationals .
Since the set of transcendental numbers is a subset of the set of irrationals , this is not possible .
Both sets are thought to have the same cardinality . [ 23 ]
Deflategate
Tyson accused the New England Patriots of cheating by underinflating their footballs .
However , Tyson plugged gauge pressure into the ideal gas equation ] instead of absolute pressure .
Perhaps forgivable from a freshman physics student taking a pop quiz .
But this was a serious and public accusation and Tyson had plenty of time to check his work . [ 24 ]
The above are not isolated incidents .
There are many examples of Tyson speaking with an air of confidence and authority on subjects he knows little about .
See also
By Mike Thomson
BBC News , Zimbabwe
Poverty is robbing many young Zimbabwean girls of their childhood Growing numbers of children in Zimbabwe are turning to prostitution to survive , the charity Save the Children says .
The aid agency says increasing poverty is leading girls as young as 12 to sell their bodies for as little as a packet of biscuits .
It also claims that the coming football World Cup in neighbouring South Africa could soon make things worse .
Unemployment in Zimbabwe is thought to top 90 % and many cannot afford to pay for food , medical care or school fees .
The deputy head teacher of a large school with 1,500 pupils east of Victoria Falls told the BBC that hundreds of her female students are now selling their bodies for whatever they can get .
" It could be books , it could be biscuits , chips , some even just to be given a hug . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Throughout my conversation with the deputy head , two small teenage girls in threadbare school uniforms sat watching from a brick wall by the playground .
Both are orphans .
The older one , who is 14 , said she knows many girls here who have become prostitutes .
" I do n't want to do that but life is so difficult , so very difficult .
Both my parents are dead and I rarely see my two sisters .
Recently I stood by the river and I thought about throwing myself in but I did n't .
I do n't know why . "
There is also evidence that many girls are being targeted by child traffickers , Save the Children 's country director Rachel Pounds says .
They are thought to have plans to send young Zimbabwean girls to South Africa to work as prostitutes during next year 's football World Cup finals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For many , investing hard - earned cash seems like a lot of work ( despite the potential rewards ) .
If you 're too tired at the end of the day to do all that much research , weblog Get Rich Slowly 's lazy guide to investment success is worth a look .
Advertisement
Photo by Adri ' .
The post rounds up five different " lazy " portfolios from several respected personal finance writers , like , for example , this guide to Couch Potato Investing :
What ?
Put 50 % of your money in long - term Treasury bonds and 50 % of your money in a stock index fund .
Why ?
Over the last 70 years , US Treasury bonds have yielded about 2 percent a year after inflation with a low variance of returns .
Stocks have yielded about 7.1 percent a year after inflation with a higher variance of returns .
The 50/50 combination of the two gives you an expected after inflation return of roughly 5 percent and relatively low risk .
This easily beats the couch potato's next best friend ( CD's which have barely beaten inflation over time ) .
Advertisement
The Couch Potato Portfolio is the most simplified investing guide of the bunch rounded up by Get Rich Slowly , but the none of the highlighted portfolios are all that intimidating .
And while " lazy " is a bit of a misnomer ( a truly lazy investment plan involves the space between your mattress and box spring ) , the simplicity of these investment plans can hopefully provide a less intimidating starting point for easily intimidated investors .
If you 've got your own " lazy " investment strategy , let 's hear more about it in the comments .
The Lazy Way to Investment Success [ Get Rich Slowly ]
Someday , sooner than you might think , car companies are going to start making money again in the U.S.
When they do , they will be riding a trusted formula : Style , Speed and Scarcity .
The auto - sales collapse during the past year is the steepest and most devastating in decades — by some measures , the worst since the Great Depression .
But amid the rubble of fire sales and dealer ads touting deals on “ new ” 2007 models , there are some cars that are selling for close to the manufacturer ’s suggested retail price on the window sticker ....
Average : Select rating Cancel rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome
No votes yet
CHICAGO – Pixar ’s “ Up ” recently became the first animated 3D film to open the Cannes Film Festival and the reviews were just as rapturous as those who had been tracking the latest Pixar offering expected them to be .
Before he want to France , director Pete Docter sat down for an exclusive interview with HollywoodChicago.com .
Docter has been a part of the Pixar team since the beginning and remains one of the most prominent voices in the company along with John Lasseter ( “ Toy Story ” ) , Brad Bird ( “ Ratatouille , ” “ The Incredibles ” ) and Andrew Stanton ( “ Finding Nemo , ” “ WALL - E ” ) .
Docter made a splash when he directed “ Monsters Inc. ” and will make waves with “ Up ” .
For someone who has made such vibrant , energetic , nearly - glowing films , Docter is a surprisingly humble and quiet man .
It ’s not an accident that he ’s made a film about a man escaping the dangerous , depressing world on the ground by tying helium balloons to his house and fleeing for the jungle .
“ UP ” ( L - R ) Russell and Carl Fredricksen
Photo credit : © Disney / Pixar .
All Rights Reserved .
“ I ’m just not an extroverted person , ” says Docter .
“ I think a lot of us became animators because talking to people is kind of scary …. especially girls .
So it ’s easier to draw .
It ’s easier to just communicate through drawing .
It ’s a way to communicate with people .
It was really hard becoming a director on Monsters , Inc because up until then I had a chance to withdraw to my office and animate .
As a director , you ’re thrust out and you ’re talking to people all day .
And at the end of the day , I just want go hide under the bed or something and talk to nobody .
This film was kind of born out of that . ”
Pete Docter
Photo credit : © Disney / Pixar .
All Rights Reserved .
“ Up ” features more human characters than most recent Pixar animation but the characters are highly stylized and more caricatured than any previous Pixar work .
This was a challenge for Docter and his team .
He told me , “ We ’ve always pushed caricature but in this one Carl is like three heads tall , which is quite stylized .
Even his house - they seem like very realistic textures , but they ’re basically like a dry - brush .
Even the leaves in the jungle , it looks like someone went through and very theatrically painted .
It was finding the balance between theatre and believability .
We designed Carl ’s house first .
We built a miniature of the house interior and built all these little models and painted them .
It really helped inform how we would build them in the computer .
Then when you get to the wilderness , you ca n’t have that looking like a craft project .
It has to be believable .
You have to feel the wind in your face and smell the jungle .
It was finding the balance between those two extremes . ”
“ Up ” was partially born out of a surprising influence - Thomas McCarthy ’s “ The Station Agent , ” another film about a man trying to escape the world and come out of his shell .
Docter also cites “ Casablanca , ” “ Lady and the Tramp , ” and “ 101 Dalmatians ” as influences .
“ Movies that had a beautiful simplicity to them and a focus on character . ”
“ Up ” is the first Pixar film in 3 D but the story had been developed and worked on for awhile before the new technology entered into it .
An entirely different group was set up to study previous 3D films for their “ pitfalls and successes ” .
“ UP ” ( L - R ) Russell and Carl Fredricksen
Photo credit : © Disney / Pixar .
All Rights Reserved .
“ We tried to learn from all the films that had come before us and what makes it work .
The things that were important to me as a director was not distract people with 3D .
You do n’t want to pop them out of the movie by going “ ooga - booga ” .
We basically said , “ Okay , the screen is like a window and you can see into it but let ’s not bring too many things out . ”
That adds a certain sense of depth and I think , for a lot of people , they feel more transported into that world .
Hopefully , it ’s not distracting to the point of popping you out of the film and it ’s a more immersive experience . ”
The immediate question to this animation aficionado is if the entire form has been forever altered .
Will we see 2D animated films any more ?
“ I do n’t know , ” says Docter .
“ It kind of depends on what the audience wants to see .
If people really embrace it and feel it ’s the way to go , then we ’ll do them all that way .
This one , you can see either way , which I think is nice .
Some people find it really engaging and interesting but other people are kind of put off by the glasses and whatever .
I do n’t think you ’re losing anything by seeing it in 2D , it ’s just a different way to see it . ”
“ WALL - E ” and “ Ratatouille ” were accused by some critics as being more for the parents than for their children .
I think kids will fall in love with the sense of adventure and the young protagonist in “ Up ” .
It ’s more traditional fun than most recent Pixar .
But it ’s not a conscious goal .
The creative voices at Pixar makes the movies they want to make .
Ed Asner and Pete Docter
Photo credit : Deborah Coleman
“ It ’s tricky , ” says Docter .
“ We ’re always directing the films at an audience .
You want to make sure it communicates to people and has something to say .
But , at the same time , it ’s a real director - driven studio , so the films are kind of like where we are as people that end up in the movies .
So , it was just kind of the expression of Bob and myself as we developed this one as it has a balance of comedy , action , adventure , and that emotion that hangs it together and supports the other . ”
What separates Pixar ?
Docter admits to keeping an eye on other animation and expresses admiration for Henry Selick ’s “ Coraline , ” but almost shies away from the suggestion that there ’s something special going on at Pixar .
He does admit that the system at Pixar is a little unique .
“ We have a system where people are selfless about giving up their own time , their own energy , their own comments , ” says Docter .
“ Brad [ Bird ] will be off in the middle of directing something and we ’ll drag him in to watch this movie and he ’ll spew out all these great ideas that I get to use and then I ’ll do the same with whoever comes along next .
Between that and the philosophy of “ If you do n’t make mistakes , you ’re not taking enough risk . ”
We ’re sort of expected to fail along the way .
It ’s expected that we ’re going to falter and pull the emergency cord and get everybody on board to make this good . ”
Docter ends by refusing to confirm or deny the rumors about a planned “ Monsters Inc. 2 ” but expresses excitement for what ’s to come from Pixar .
“ Now more than ever there are more varied and diverse films in the pipeline than we ’ve ever had .
It seems like there ’s just a great variety and diversity of things that you ’re going to see stretching out into the future . ”
Up opens on May 29th , 2009 .
BAGHDAD 
At least 80 people died and 120 others were injured Thursday in three bombings , one by a female suicide bomber in Baghdad who , Iraqi officials said , held a young child ’s hand as she set off her explosives among a group of women and children receiving emergency food aid .
The second suicide bombing struck a restaurant filled with Iranian tourists in a restive city north of the capital .
The number of people killed in the attacks is the largest single - day total since February 2008 .
The overall level of violence in Iraq is at its lowest since the American invasion in 2003 , and Iraqis have been venturing out to parks , restaurants and nightclubs .
But a string of recent attacks , highly organized and carried out under tight security , has raised worries that Baathist and jihadi militants are regrouping into a smaller but still lethal insurgency seeking to reassert itself as the American troop presence on the ground is reduced before a full withdrawal in 2011 .
“ The government was treating the situation like they ’d won a victory , ” said Sheik Jalal al - Din Saghir , a member of Parliament from the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , a Shiite political party .
“ They relaxed .
We ca n’t ignore that there were security successes , but that does n’t mean the story is finished . ”
Every presidential election in which the “ out ” party knocks out the incumbent party brings promises of “ change ” from the incoming administration .
This was never more evident than last November , when Barack Obama , running as the candidate of change against a widely unpopular Republican - led administration , scored a sound and groundbreaking win .
The victory was n’t Obama ’s alone .
For the first time in 15 years — and for only the second time since the 1970s — the majority of the electorate gave the Democrats full control over Washington , from the White House to the Congress .
But fewer than six months into the new administration , we ’re finding out just what kind of “ change ” that Obama and the Democrats have in mind .
As usually happens in the U.S. ’s corporate - controlled political system , the atmospherics of “ change ” belie a reality in which there is a lot more continuity between administrations than the election rhetoric — and what people thought they were voting for — predicted .
Take the related issues of Obama ’s announced intention to close the Guantánamo Bay prison camp and his repudiation of Bush - era policies of torture .
On these issues , the media whipped themselves into a frenzy when former vice president and torture defender Dick Cheney and Obama staged dueling May 22 speeches intended to justify their respective views on these issues .
One could ask why someone as thoroughly discredited and unpopular as Cheney receives a hearing at all .
And yet after all the hot air dissipated , we were left with the result that Obama had accepted many Bush policies — military tribunals to try detainees and indefinite detention based on presidential fiat , among them — as his own .
Coupled with his double - speak on torture — Obama repudiated the Bush policies as illegal , but would n’t actually prosecute anyone who executed them — you have the makings of a presidential betrayal .
In fact , it ’s not out of the question to ask if a more full - fledged capitulation to Bush - Cheney is in the offing — as in the Obama administration deciding to keep Guantánamo open .
Democrats in both houses of Congress already made that possibility more likely by voting in overwhelming numbers to deny funding for closing the camp .
Vincent Warren , executive director of the Center for Constitutional Rights , attended a meeting with Obama and major human rights groups held prior to Obama ’s Guantánamo speech .
He was n’t satisfied , telling reporters :
“ The president was very open to hearing CCR ’s concerns on a range of Guantánamo policy issues , but I came out of the meeting deeply disappointed in the direction the administration is taking , and I do n’t see meaningful differences between these detention policies and those erected by President Bush . ”
On the issue of climate change , congressional Democrats are in the initial stages of passing a “ cap and trade ” bill that would cap carbon - based emissions and allow corporate polluters who exceed that limit to buy government - backed credits to cover the gap .
In theory , this “ free market ” solution — forcing business to buy credits to pollute –would give businesses the incentive to lower their emissions .
As Budget Director Peter Orzag told Congress in March : “ If you did n’t auction the permit , it would represent the largest corporate welfare program that has ever been enacted in the history of the United States . ”
Yet as the Wall Street Journal ’s David Wessel pointed out in an analysis of the bills passing through liberal House Rep.
Henry Waxman ’s committee , 85 percent of the energy credits would be given away to business through 2026 .
The remaining 15 percent up for auction are those that are meant to fund programs to help low - income people pay their energy bills !
Nevertheless , even though the cap in trade legislation is shaping up to be a massive corporate welfare program , Obama hailed the bill as a “ historic leap . ”
When we turn to foreign policy , we find an even bigger shift taking place .
Here , Obama made no secret of his desire to break with the Bush administration ’s obsession with the war in Iraq and its “ neglect ” of Afghanistan .
And the administration appears largely to be following through on its promises .
The problem is that the promises embody a policy of “ rebooting ” the imperial project that , if it has any chance of succeeding , will plunge the U.S. into a multi- year commitment in Southwest Asia that may end up being an even bigger disaster than the U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq .
As one ticks off this list of Obama administration policies , it would be easy to make the case that last November ’s election did n’t really change anything .
But that would be the wrong conclusion .
There ’s little doubt that we are living through a different political era than what we ’ve known for much of the last 30 years .
Most opinion polls place support for the Republican Party — still identified as the main representative of American conservatism — at somewhere near Watergate - era levels .
And a widely reported April poll by the respected but right - leaning research firm Rasmussen Reports found that only a bare majority of Americans said they supported “ capitalism ” over “ socialism . ”
One out of three Americans under age 30 said they preferred a socialist system , according to Rasmussen .
A Pew Center for People and Press comparison of political attitudes in 1987 and today shows that Americans are much less conservative on social issues , and far less religious , than they were two decades ago .
This sea change at the level of ideas indicates that most Americans are interested in a break from the past .
If the U.S. government enacted a bold new health care reform or a commitment to help homeowners or job seekers , it is likely to find much more public support than conservative , moderate ( or even many liberal ) politicians are willing to grant .
Yet those politicians will not grant reforms on their own .
Only a powerful movement from below can force them to .
Unfortunately , those movements have not yet developed .
And until they do , popular aspirations will continue to be frustrated by backroom deals between corporate lobbyists , the Obama administration and members of Congress .
Moreover , if our side allows its “ friends ” in the administration and Congress to define the limits of what ’s possible , we will always come up short .
The likely defeat of the Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) , a measure that would make it easier to organize unions if a majority of workers in a workplace signs cards in favor , is a testament to this .
As the Los Angeles Times ’ Tom Hamburger reported May 19 , despite the key role that labor union mobilization for Obama played in his election :
Once [ Obama ] was elected , labor leaders made a fateful decision .
Originally , they had planned to keep in place their extensive network of field organizers , who had just worked to elect Democratic candidates , and ask them to build pressure on lawmakers to vote for card check .
Instead , they changed course .
The labor groups scaled back , partly to give Obama time to get his bearings amid the deepening economic crisis .
Business groups , meanwhile , had started work well before the election and did not stop .
The result of this decision is the likely defeat of EFCA without its even coming to a vote in Congress .
The vicious corporate assault on EFCA — and Democrats ’ fleeing from support for it — should give us a taste of the type of opposition that we ’re up against .
And it should tell us that for whatever reform we want–from health care for all , to an end to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq–a different approach is essential .
What ’s needed is n’t a better lobbying strategy or flashier media , but a broad , independent and militant movement that wo n’t be placated with empty rhetoric or allow its demands to be ignored .
NTEN offered a fantastic Webinar today featuring Randi Zuckerberg , Director of Marketing at Facebook and Adam Conner from the DC Office on the emerging best practices for nonprofits who want to set up Facebook Fan Pages .
Here 's the description
This webinar will be a resource for non-profits and other organizations for social good .
Expanding on the Non-Profits on Facebook page , we want to help you harness the power of Facebook and bring positive change to the world .
Facebook empowers non-profits by enabling them to mobilize communities , organize events , increase fundraising , reduce costs with free online tools , and raise awareness through viral networks .
I learned a lot , but I did not capture it all .
Rumor has it that David Krumlauf was taking great notes , so I 'm hoping he 'll blog them or fill in some gaps here in the comments .
Here are my notes and I 've added some of my own references and links for more context :
Overview :
Facebook is in 30 languages , with 200 Million Users ( want some more demographics on users , check out Nick O'Neil 's Demographic Page )
Profiles VS Pages
Profiles are for individuals , Pages for Organizations
Recently redesigned pages to be more like profiles
Pages are optimized for mass communication
Profiles are optimized for individual communication
Note that their TOS says you can't create for an individual who does n't exist .
If you do , they will delete it .
( Some of you may remember the flap about Ranger Rick from 2007 )
A question that everyone asks - " When should my group set up a Fan Page versus a Facebook Group ?
Best Answer yet :
Set up a Facebook FanPage as your main presence or outpost and use a group for more adhoc , smaller organizing .
Tips for Setting Up Your Fan Page
Keep your page name short and accurate , can't change after you create it There is a day or two lag for it shows up in search Content is lifeblood of your page Start with information tab : be complete , accurate , and honest Fan Page backend is like a cms and if you know a little HTML you can do some spiffy stuff
Not all applications are optimized for pages , visit the app page to check
All pages require ADMIN - designated FB profile - for security reasons because they want a real person Admin are not public - add multiple admins - invite by email or FB - always have multiples as a precaution so you do n't loose access to the page .
Standard best practice Wall Tab - accuracy updates of information .
" Write Something " lets you post rich content "
More interactive content is better - the Wall is a history of interactive Worst thing you can do with a page is dump an RSS feed into the Page - wo n't be as successful
When you make updates to the Page , it appears in the streams of your fans or people who have joined your page .
This is very powerful viral marketing
When you start to write in the " write something " you get options to add links , photos , videos - post things that are beyond promotion content .
Be interactive , make it interesting , provide behind the scenes content .
Incorporate events into your page .
" Exclusive content is good "
Shed the tradition PR schtick content and make it real .
Red Cross Fan Page is a great example .
So is One Campaign and Stanford University .
Lexicon on Facebook lets you track words and phrases
Some Good References
www.facebook.com/facebookpages
www.facebook.com/nonprofits
www.facebook.com/influencers
www.facebook.com/help
www.facebook.com/advertising
Q&A Nuggets
Nonprofits on Facebook set up as a mechanism to share nonprofit best practices on Facebook .
That 's the intent of Facebook.com / nonprofits so everyone can learn from it .
Fan Pages have a metrics tool that has just upgraded .
It 's called the insight tool -- you can see better metrics for the Fan Page
If you set up your Fan Page before the nonprofit category , do n't worry .
They are working on having the ability to change it , but not high priority .
Does n't control the search .
Why can't you invite Fans to your page ?
It 's intended to prevent spam .
Nonprofits are nicely behaved , but others are not so nicely behave .
That 's why there is a limit 30 people to invite to your page
You can send an update to your members , it 's like an email blast and encourage them get people to join .
Yes , you can link Causes to your Facebook Page - Causes will be rolling out some new information next week , so be sure to check the Nonprofits on Facebook .
It is useful to have a group for more intimate conversations , where a page is more public
You can have both .
Groups are good for small scale organizing .
Pages are more public presence
You can have both .
Groups are good for small scale organizing .
Pages are more public presence Nonprofits vanity urls are coming , they 're discussing .
( Do n't know what the heck a vanity url is ?
Read Nick 's post )
How to let people know how to join your page ?
(1) Put the Name of page so when people search for it - they will find it
(2) No direct way to subscribe
(3) Fan of your page via SMS - text fan name of your page to the Facebook short code ( FBOOK ( 32665 ) )
Can we delete our group ?
Deleting groups is difficult - there is a form you can fill out to have the group deleted - use the help page to do it .
The real scoop about a successful fan page .
" We want to encourage you to experiment .
Let 's be honest , takes an effort to build a community
Just because Facebook is free does n't mean it is easier to get a million fans .
Do n't start from scratch - look at the other groups that are already talking about your cause and experiment or piggy back or do cross promotion . "
Add Apps Strategically To Your Fan Page - at minimum you want video , photos , Causes , and a few others .
" Think like a user , what would encourage your to click through ?
Your fans do n't think about you 24/ 7 .
So for the few minutes they might visit you , what do you want them to know ? "
( Here 's some good nitty gritty how - to information on which apps to add to your Fan Page )
Facebook
Did you write a fabulous tip sheet for Facebook Fan Pages ?
Also , I had major brain blip and forgot the name of the polling app that they mentioned .
Anyone retain that ?
I thought it was wire something .
A friend on Twitter say it was " Ask A Friend . "
This is an amazing creation of the The Lord , Creator .
Gold Fish , which was found in the sea in Taiwan was put to display in Taiwan ’s Natural Museum .
Scientists have found that some of the parts of this beautiful fish are of 24 carat pure gold .
The fish entirely is golden in color .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Brazilian Aids campaigners have reacted furiously to draft legislation that would force Rio de Janeiro 's state government to publish an online list of all HIV carriers .
The proposal is the brainchild of Jorge Babu , a controversial independent MP who was recently expelled from the ruling Workers party ( PT ) after accusations of involvement in a group of paramilitary vigilantes in Rio de Janeiro .
In the bill 's introduction , Babu argues that the move would help to protect medical staff from contamination .
" All professionals involved in attending [ patients ] have the constitutional right to know if they are treating an HIV - positive patient , " it reads .
The bill also proposes making it compulsory for HIV carriers to carry identification , arguing that on becoming infected , " such citizens take on different characteristics to the rest [ of society ] , requiring different treatment " .
Human rights activists , Aids campaigners and fellow MPs were quick to condemn the project .
William Amaral , a leading Aids campaigner , warned that identifying HIV carriers could expose them to death threats and even murder .
" The bill puts people 's lives at risk , " said Amaral , arguing that there had been cases of HIV carriers being expelled from their homes in Rio 's slums by drug traffickers .
Roberto Pereira , head of a prominent Rio Aids support group , said the idea of forcing ID cards on HIV carriers was reminiscent of the Nazi laws that forced Jewish citizens to wear the Star of David .
" The bill is misled and profoundly discriminatory ... and injures the basic principles of human rights , " he said .
Pereira warned that Brazilian society could not afford to ignore such " prejudiced " ideas , citing another recent bill , sponsored by an evangelical MP , which suggested funding treatment for homosexuals who wanted to be " cured " .
Cases of HIV / Aids first began to appear in Brazil in the early 1980s and many doctors expected South America 's largest country to be overwhelmed by the illness during the 1990s .
But progressive health policies , including the free distribution of anti-retroviral drugs and the targeting of at - risk groups such as prostitutes , have helped to contain the crisis .
Today Brazil is cited as an example for developing countries seeking to fight Aids .
