In an effort to make the internet ’s mass of chemical data easier to search through , the RSC and US - based company ChemZoo are developing tools to help chemists label their own compounds with a standard computer - readable tag .
The collaborative project , announced in December 2008 , aims to help researchers share information on chemical structures and data for free online , and may impact on closed subscription databases such as those offered by the American Chemical Society ( ACS ) .
The standard way to represent chemical structures using a string of text , the International Chemical Identifier ( InChI ) , was developed several years ago by chemistry ’s governing body , the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( Iupac ) , together with the US government ’s National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
The idea was that InChI , which is generated by an algorithm from a chemical structure , would serve as a single public format for identifying structures and - if every molecule were tagged with its own InChI - a basis for sharing chemical information on the web .
" The lack of an open chemical identifier and service to use it is a real barrier to the development of shared chemical resources across the Web " - Richard Kidd , RSC
’ InChIs enable people to look up and find information on a particular chemical very quickly , ’ explains Steve Heller , an expert in chemical information systems and guest researcher at NIST who helped develop the format .
’ Chemical information is all disconnected on the Web right now , and this lets us organise it and link it all together . ’
Yet despite its significance , the InChI system is still unused - or even unknown - by many chemists .
’ [ Chemists ] do n’t necessarily see an immediate value to InChIs yet , ’ says Antony Williams of ChemSpider , the online searchable repository of chemical structures that ChemZoo hosts .
But he says such tags are slowly becoming more mainstream : Wikipedia , among other commercial and public databases , is starting to use them , for instance .
In the hope of provoking more enthusiasm for the format , the RSC and ChemZoo are working to provide a free ’ resolver ’ to turn any InChI into a shorter 25 - letter code ( the ’ InChI key ’ ) , also developed by Iupac and NIST , which is friendlier to search engines .
’ Really we ’re just putting in a simple bit of plumbing and encouraging deposition of new compounds [ using InChI and the InChI key ] to enable links between them to be made , ’ says Richard Kidd , RSC ’s informatics manager .
’ A site that has new compounds deposited , and that will grow to harness the InChI collections around the world , will be an important central resource for locating information on a compound . ’
That site , Williams hopes , will be ChemSpider , a service offered by ChemZoo that currently hosts over 21 million chemical structures , sourced from some 150 databases .
Clash of standards
There is disagreement over what impact the collaboration could have on current gold standards in managing chemical information , such as the ACS ’s subscription - only chemical abstracts service ( CAS ) which allots compounds a CAS number and catalogues them using its own proprietary informatics platform .
CAS , based in Columbus , Ohio , holds some 40 million organic and inorganic substances in its registry - roughly double ChemSpider ’s existing database .
The database is authoritative and guarantees quality , as data is deposited and error - checked by paid employees .
But the information is not openly accessible - indeed , it is a major revenue generator for ACS , reportedly producing some $ 250 million in 2007 .
" There are publishers who are willingly adopting InChIs and seeing their value to the community , but ACS is also seeing the value to not joining in " - Antony Williams , ChemSpider
Williams thinks thatInChIs could eventually disrupt CAS by allowing public online searching of compounds by structure or substructure ( rather than by typing in chemical names ) - something that only the CAS registry and other proprietary services such as Elsevier ’s Beilstein database offer at the moment .
’ There are publishers [ such as the RSC , Elsevier , and Nature Publishing Group ] who are willingly adopting InChIs and seeing their value to the community , ’ Williams tells Chemistry World , ’ but ACS is also seeing the value to not joining in . ’
But Heller and others are not sure that adding InChI tagging to the ChemSpider database will significantly affect CAS .
CAS contains information not available elsewhere on the internet , and a searcher typing in an InChI to track down a chemical structure could simply be referred to CAS , or another database or journal to which they do n’t subscribe .
’ It ’s not intended to replace in any way the high - quality curated service that CAS offers , ’ says RSC ’s Kidd .
’ But the lack of an open chemical identifier and service to use it is a real barrier to the development of shared chemical resources across the Web ’ .
ACS ’s Glenn Ruskin comments that the RSC / ChemZoo initiative is one of several activities focused on developing standards for communication of chemical information , which ’ may prove useful to some sectors of the chemical enterprise ’ .
A beta form of the InchI resolver is expected to be on display in March , at the ACS ’ annual meeting in Salt Lake City , Utah .
This prototype will enable scientists to search ChemSpider ’s collection of chemical structures and associated information , and to deposit their own structures there .
Rebecca Trager , US Correspondent for Research Day USA
Enjoy this story ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
We ’ve covered the reflog command briefly in a previous article on how to restore lost commits but it was never fully explained .
Today we ’ll look into what it does and how you can use it as a safety net to recover your work .
Once again the man pages are pretty terse about what this command actually does :
git -reflog – Manage reflog information
This definition is a little better , from later in the document :
Reflog is a mechanism to record when the tip of branches are updated .
This command is to manage the information recorded in it .
Basically every action you perform inside of Git where data is stored , you can find it inside of the reflog .
Git tries really hard not to lose your data , so if for some reason you think it has , chances are you can dig it out using git reflog .
What this means is that you can use it as a safety net : you should n’t be worried that a merge , rebase , or some other action will destroy your work since you can find it again using this command .
The most common usage of this command is that you ’ve just done a git reset and moved your HEAD back a few commits .
But oops , you need that bit of code you left in the second commit .
Crap .
Now what ?
Running git reflog will probably result in something like this :
What this shows is a list of commits that Git still has in its storage .
The first 7 characters are the beginning of the commit ’s SHA1 hash , followed by the commit ’s pointer , action , and message .
You can see that not just commits are listed : switching branches , merges , rebases , and more are shown .
The important part is the commit pointer and the SHA1 : once you have that , you can do a git show to see the diff , or perhaps a checkout , cherry - pick , or merge depending on how you want to get the change back into your history .
You can also use the -- all option to get more detailed information about different branches and even the stash :
This command is also used for another purpose : deleting old entries that you wo n’t need anymore .
This may be done to conserve space in your repository , or perhaps since you want to take out the garbage every once in a while .
You could knock off individual reflogs using the delete subcommand , but the expire subcommand is much more useful since it can be given a date to remove entries from .
An example of using this command to quickly pack up your repository can be found on John Wiegley ’s post on Diving into Git , where he compresses his repository with the following commands :
$ git reflog expire -- expire=1. minute refs / heads / master $ git fsck -- unreachable $ git prune $ git gc
Basically this removes all reflogs that are older than a minute for the master branch , finds and deletes any commits that are n’t being used , then does some general cleanup on the whole repository to further compress it .
This could have had its own tip , but it ’s probably better to illustrate a great use of the subject ’s subcommands in your workflow .
As always , check out the manpage for the other options , and if you have other uses for this command let us know !
Traditional surveillance systems , including those used by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and the European Influenza Surveillance Scheme ( EISS ) , rely on both virological and clinical data , including influenza - like illness ( ILI ) physician visits .
The CDC publishes national and regional data from these surveillance systems on a weekly basis , typically with a 1 – 2 - week reporting lag .
In an attempt to provide faster detection , innovative surveillance systems have been created to monitor indirect signals of influenza activity , such as call volume to telephone triage advice lines5 and over - the - counter drug sales6 .
About 90 million American adults are believed to search online for information about specific diseases or medical problems each year7 , making web search queries a uniquely valuable source of information about health trends .
Previous attempts at using online activity for influenza surveillance have counted search queries submitted to a Swedish medical website ( A. Hulth , G. Rydevik and A. Linde , manuscript in preparation ) , visitors to certain pages on a US health website8 , and user clicks on a search keyword advertisement in Canada9 .
A set of Yahoo search queries containing the words ‘ flu ’ or ‘ influenza ’ were found to correlate with virological and mortality surveillance data over multiple years10 .
Our proposed system builds on this earlier work by using an automated method of discovering influenza - related search queries .
By processing hundreds of billions of individual searches from 5 years of Google web search logs , our system generates more comprehensive models for use in influenza surveillance , with regional and state - level estimates of ILI activity in the United States .
Widespread global usage of online search engines may eventually enable models to be developed in international settings .
By aggregating historical logs of online web search queries submitted between 2003 and 2008 , we computed a time series of weekly counts for 50 million of the most common search queries in the United States .
Separate aggregate weekly counts were kept for every query in each state .
No information about the identity of any user was retained .
Each time series was normalized by dividing the count for each query in a particular week by the total number of online search queries submitted in that location during the week , resulting in a query fraction ( Supplementary Fig. 1 ) .
We sought to develop a simple model that estimates the probability that a random physician visit in a particular region is related to an ILI ; this is equivalent to the percentage of ILI - related physician visits .
A single explanatory variable was used : the probability that a random search query submitted from the same region is ILI - related , as determined by an automated method described below .
We fit a linear model using the log-odds of an ILI physician visit and the log-odds of an ILI - related search query : logit ( I ( t ) ) = αlogit ( Q( t ) ) + ε , where I (t ) is the percentage of ILI physician visits , Q(t ) is the ILI - related query fraction at time t , α is the multiplicative coefficient , and ε is the error term .
logit ( p ) is simply ln( p / ( 1 - p ) ) .
Publicly available historical data from the CDC’s US Influenza Sentinel Provider Surveillance Network ( http://www.cdc.gov/flu/weekly) was used to help build our models .
For each of the nine surveillance regions of the United States , the CDC reported the average percentage of all outpatient visits to sentinel providers that were ILI - related on a weekly basis .
No data were provided for weeks outside of the annual influenza season , and we excluded such dates from model fitting , although our model was used to generate unvalidated ILI estimates for these weeks .
We designed an automated method of selecting ILI - related search queries , requiring no previous knowledge about influenza .
We measured how effectively our model would fit the CDC ILI data in each region if we used only a single query as the explanatory variable , Q( t ) .
Each of the 50 million candidate queries in our database was separately tested in this manner , to identify the search queries which could most accurately model the CDC ILI visit percentage in each region .
Our approach rewarded queries that showed regional variations similar to the regional variations in CDC ILI data : the chance that a random search query can fit the ILI percentage in all nine regions is considerably less than the chance that a random search query can fit a single location ( Supplementary Fig. 2 ) .
The automated query selection process produced a list of the highest scoring search queries , sorted by mean Z - transformed correlation across the nine regions .
To decide which queries would be included in the ILI - related query fraction , Q ( t ) , we considered different sets of n top - scoring queries .
We measured the performance of these models based on the sum of the queries in each set , and picked n such that we obtained the best fit against out - of - sample ILI data across the nine regions ( Fig. 1 ) .
Figure 1 : An evaluation of how many top - scoring queries to include in the ILI - related query fraction .
Maximal performance at estimating out - of - sample points during cross-validation was obtained by summing the top 45 search queries .
A steep drop in model performance occurs after adding query 81 , which is ‘ oscar nominations ’ .
PowerPoint slide Full size image
Combining the n = 45 highest - scoring queries was found to obtain the best fit .
These 45 search queries , although selected automatically , appeared to be consistently related to ILIs .
Other search queries in the top 100 , not included in our model , included topics like ‘ high school basketball ’ , which tend to coincide with influenza season in the United States ( Table 1 ) .
Table 1
Topics found in search queries which were found to be most correlated with CDC ILI data
Full size table
Using this ILI - related query fraction as the explanatory variable , we fit a final linear model to weekly ILI percentages between 2003 and 2007 for all nine regions together , thus obtaining a single , region - independent coefficient .
The model was able to obtain a good fit with CDC - reported ILI percentages , with a mean correlation of 0.90 ( min = 0.80 , max = 0.96 , n = 9 regions ; Fig. 2 ) .
Figure 2 : A comparison of model estimates for the mid-Atlantic region ( black ) against CDC - reported ILI percentages ( red ) , including points over which the model was fit and validated .
A correlation of 0.85 was obtained over 128 points from this region to which the model was fit , whereas a correlation of 0.96 was obtained over 42 validation points .
Dotted lines indicate 95 % prediction intervals .
The region comprises New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania .
PowerPoint slide
Full size image
The final model was validated on 42 points per region of previously untested data from 2007 to 2008 , which were excluded from all previous steps .
Estimates generated for these 42 points obtained a mean correlation of 0.97 ( min = 0.92 , max = 0.99 , n = 9 regions ) with the CDC - observed ILI percentages .
Throughout the 2007 –08 influenza season we used preliminary versions of our model to generate ILI estimates , and shared our results each week with the Epidemiology and Prevention Branch of Influenza Division at the CDC to evaluate timeliness and accuracy .
Figure 3 illustrates data available at different points throughout the season .
Across the nine regions , we were able to estimate consistently the current ILI percentage 1 – 2 weeks ahead of the publication of reports by the CDC ’s US Influenza Sentinel Provider Surveillance Network .
Figure 3 : ILI percentages estimated by our model ( black ) and provided by the CDC ( red ) in the mid-Atlantic region , showing data available at four points in the 2007 - 2008 influenza season .
During week 5 we detected a sharply increasing ILI percentage in the mid-Atlantic region ; similarly , on 3 March our model indicated that the peak ILI percentage had been reached during week 8 , with sharp declines in weeks 9 and 10 .
Both results were later confirmed by CDC ILI data .
PowerPoint slide Full size image
Because localized influenza surveillance is particularly useful for public health planning , we sought to validate further our model against weekly ILI percentages for individual states .
The CDC does not make state - level data publicly available , but we validated our model against state - reported ILI percentages provided by the state of Utah , and obtained a correlation of 0.90 across 42 validation points ( Supplementary Fig. 3 ) .
Google web search queries can be used to estimate ILI percentages accurately in each of the nine public health regions of the United States .
Because search queries can be processed quickly , the resulting ILI estimates were consistently 1 – 2 weeks ahead of CDC ILI surveillance reports .
The early detection provided by this approach may become an important line of defence against future influenza epidemics in the United States , and perhaps eventually in international settings .
Up - to - date influenza estimates may enable public health officials and health professionals to respond better to seasonal epidemics .
If a region experiences an early , sharp increase in ILI physician visits , it may be possible to focus additional resources on that region to identify the aetiology of the outbreak , providing extra vaccine capacity or raising local media awareness as necessary .
This system is not designed to be a replacement for traditional surveillance networks or supplant the need for laboratory - based diagnoses and surveillance .
Notable increases in ILI - related search activity may indicate a need for public health inquiry to identify the pathogen or pathogens involved .
Demographic data , often provided by traditional surveillance , cannot be obtained using search queries .
In the event that a pandemic - causing strain of influenza emerges , accurate and early detection of ILI percentages may enable public health officials to mount a more effective early response .
Although we cannot be certain how search engine users will behave in such a scenario , affected individuals may submit the same ILI - related search queries used in our model .
Alternatively , panic and concern among healthy individuals may cause a surge in the ILI - related query fraction and exaggerated estimates of the ongoing ILI percentage .
The search queries in our model are not , of course , exclusively submitted by users who are experiencing influenza - like symptoms , and the correlations we observe are only meaningful across large populations .
Despite strong historical correlations , our system remains susceptible to false alerts caused by a sudden increase in ILI - related queries .
An unusual event , such as a drug recall for a popular cold or flu remedy , could cause such a false alert .
Harnessing the collective intelligence of millions of users , Google web search logs can provide one of the most timely , broad - reaching influenza monitoring systems available today .
Whereas traditional systems require 1 – 2 weeks to gather and process surveillance data , our estimates are current each day .
As with other syndromic surveillance systems , the data are most useful as a means to spur further investigation and collection of direct measures of disease activity .
This system will be used to track the spread of ILI throughout the 2008–09 influenza season in the United States .
Results are freely available online at http://www.google.org/flutrends.
Enlarge By Robert Hanashiro , USA TODAY I like Iceman ? : Val Kilmer , who 's starred in Top Gun , The Doors and Batman Forever , is considering running for governor in his adopted home state of New Mexico .
QUICK QUESTION QUICK QUESTION SANTA FE 
Holy hornet 's nest , Batman !
The New Mexico governor 's mansion ?
Fresh from the inauguration , actor Val Kilmer is pondering running for governor in 2010 , when Democrat Bill Richardson 's second term ends .
" I 'm just looking for ways to be contributive , " Kilmer told The Associated Press on Thursday .
" And if that ends up being where I can make a substantial contribution , then I 'll run . "
But there 's no decision yet .
" It 's really day to day , " he said over tea at a local restaurant .
Kilmer , 49 , grew up in Los Angeles but has called New Mexico home for more than two decades .
He 's currently registered as a Democrat and said he cast a ballot for Barack Obama from Bulgaria , where he was filming .
A Kilmer candidacy could throw a monkey wrench into the well - oiled Democratic machine of Lt. Gov. Diane Denish , who 's already running for the job .
Kilmer 's screen credits include Batman in Batman Forever in 1995 , brash fighter pilot Lt. Tom ' Iceman ' Kazansky in the 1986 hit Top Gun , and rock icon Jim Morrison in the 1991 Oliver Stone film , The Doors .
Kilmer said if he ran it would n't have to be a conventional campaign .
While the actor decides , he 's getting out and about and has been listening to people — something he says he 's pretty good at .
" What I do for a living is listen , " he said , making a bold prediction : " If I run , I 'm going to be the next governor . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Graphical Analysis - Plots ¶
Pyevolve comes with an Graphical Plotting Tool , this utility uses the great python plotting library called Matplotlib .
See also Requirements section .
You can find the Pyevolve plotting tool in your python Scripts directory , the tool is named pyevolve_graph.py .
Graphical Plotting Tool Options ¶ pyevolve_graph.py , installed in \ Python2x\Scripts\pyevolve_graph.py .
This is the documentation where you call the –help option : Usage : pyevolve_graph.py [ options ]
Options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit -f FILENAME , --file=FILENAME
Database file to read ( default is ' pyevolve.db ' ) .
-i IDENTIFY , --identify=IDENTIFY
The identify of evolution .
-o OUTFILE , --outfile=OUTFILE
Write the graph image to a file ( do n't use extension , just the filename , default is png format , but you can change using -- extension ( - e ) parameter ) .
-e EXTENSION , --extension=EXTENSION
Graph image file format .
Supported options ( formats ) are : emf , eps , pdf , png , ps , raw , rgba , svg , svgz .
Default is ' png ' .
-g GENRANGE , --genrange=GENRANGE
This is the generation range of the graph , ex : 1:30 ( interval between 1 and 30 ) .
-c COLORMAP , --colormap=COLORMAP
Sets the Color Map for the graph types 8 and 9 .
Some options are : summer , bone , gray , hot , jet , cooper , spectral .
The default is ' jet ' .
-m , -- minimize Sets the ' Minimize ' mode , default is the Maximize mode .
This option makes sense if you are minimizing your evaluation function .
Graph types :
This is the supported graph types - 0 Write all graphs to files .
Graph types : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 . - 1 Error bars graph ( raw scores ) .
- 2
Error bars graph ( fitness scores ) .
- 3 Max / min/avg/std. dev. graph ( raw scores ) .
- 4 Max / min / avg graph ( fitness scores ) .
- 5 Raw and Fitness min/max difference graph .
- 6
Compare best raw score of two or more evolutions ( you must specify the identify comma-separed list with -- identify ( - i ) parameter , like ' one , two , three ' ) , the maximum is 6 items .
- 7
Compare best fitness score of two or more evolutions ( you must specify the identify comma-separed list with -- identify ( - i ) parameter , like ' one , two , three ' ) , the maximum is 6 items .
- 8
Show a heat map of population raw score distribution between generations .
-9
Show a heat map of population fitness score distribution between generations .
Usage ¶
To use this graphical plotting tool , you need to use the DBAdapters .
DBSQLite adapter and create the database file .
Pyevolve have the “ identify ” concept , the value of this parameter means the same value used in the “ identify ” parameter of the DB Adapter .
See this example : sqlite_adapter = DBAdapters .
DBSQLite ( identify = " ex1 " ) ga .
setDBAdapter ( sqlite_adapter )
This DB Adapter attached to the GA Engine will create the database file named “ pyevolve.db ” .
See also Sqliteman , a tool for sqlite3 databases I recommend the Sqliteman tool to open the database and see the contents or structure , if you are interested .
When you run your GA , all the statistics will be dumped to this database , and you have an ID for this run , which is the identify parameter .
So when you use the graph tool , it will read the statistics from this database file .
The “ identify ” parameter is passed to the tool using the “ - i ” option , like this : pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1
By default , this tool will use the database file named pyevolve.db , but you can change using the “ - f ” option like this : pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1 -f another_db.db
Usage Examples ¶ Writing graph to a file PDF File : pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1 -o graph_ex1 -e pdf PNG
File ( default extension when using “ - o ” option ) : pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1 -o graph_ex1
Using the generation range # this command wil plot the evoltion of the generations between 10 and 20 .
pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1 -g 10:20
When you have minimized the evaluation function pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1 - 1 -m
To specify an identify list ( graphs “ - 6 ” and “ - 7 ” ) pyevolve_graph.py - i ex1_run1 , ex1_run2 , ex1_run3 - 6s
“ When a patient tells me his mother thinks something ’s wrong or his buddy thinks he ’s ‘ crazy , ’ I tend to pay attention to that .
These people have insight that I do n’t . ”
That quote came from a therapist friend of mine a few years ago when I was first becoming active in mental health advocacy , and the idea has since stuck with me .
It just makes sense .
When your mother notices your moods have become alarmingly erratic , or your husband becomes concerned because you no longer want to do anything that involves getting out of the bed and showering , or your best friend ca n’t get you to do any of the things you used to love doing – these are all situations in which the people who spend the most time with you might be picking up on a problem .
These are all situations in which these people can actually help you – even if they ’re just helping you recognize the possibility of a problem .
Sure , it may tick you off ( “ You ’re overreacting ! ” , “ You do n’t know what you ’re talking about ! ” , “ You ’re not even a doctor ! ” ) , but you trust these people .
Chances are they have your best interests in mind and they ’re not going to broadcast your business or use your troubles for their own personal gain ( as opposed to the media ) .
Bottom line :
When it comes to your mental health , sometimes an unsolicited diagnosis from people who are close to you ( as opposed to an unsolicited diagnosis from the media ) can be pretty helpful .
But what happens when you get an unsolicited diagnosis from a professional via the media ?
Such was the case with Joaquin Phoenix and Dr. Paul Dobransky .
When the Board - certified psychiatrist jumped on the media ’s “ let ’s pick apart Joaquin Phoenix ’s new bizarre behavior to increase ratings and page views ” bandwagon by providing a statement to the Los Angeles Times about how he thought Phoenix – who is not even a client of his – may have schizophrenia , it raised more than a few eyebrows regarding his professionalism .
Fortunately , Phoenix ’s rep , Susan Patricola , not only came to Phoenix ’s defense , but also made some pretty concrete points about Dr. Dobransky ’s lack of couchside etiquette :
“ How absolutely inappropriate for a doctor who has no personal interaction or relationship with someone to diagnose them [ … ]
And to do so in a public forum [ … ]
Hope they spelled his name right .
Another 15 - minute ‘ expert ’ is born ! ” ( mtv.com )
Dr. Dobransky may have tried to redeem himself by frowning on Ben Stiller ’s impersonation of Phoenix at the Oscars – which was completely inappropriate – but I ’m not so sure that Dobransky ’s behavior was any better .
Whether this was an innocent case of poor judgment or one of shameless self - promotion , I think that if Dr. Dobransky was genuinely concerned about Phoenix ’s situation he would have done better to privately contact Phoenix rather than provide a statement to a major newspaper .
Until Dr. Dobransky can learn to tell the difference between his office and a newspaper reporter , perhaps he should stick to helping men find dates .
Anime Expo has announced that the perennially changing , chart - topping group Morning Musume will perform at the July 2 - 5 convention at the Los Angeles Convention Center .
The famed music producer Tsunku created the group in 1997 when he ran auditions for the new female vocalist of his Sharam Q band ( DNA² 's " Single Bed " ) .
He ended up taking five of the runners - ups and creating an entirely new group , Morning Musume .
Since then , the group has released the most # 1 hit singles of any female Japanese group and has literally multiplied ; the group has divided itself into several smaller groups over the years , spawned several spinoffs , and eventually expanded to 15 members .
Among the group 's 10 # 1 songs are " Love Machine , " " Mr. Moonlight ~ Ai no Big Band~ , " and " Auriteru . "
12 years after the group 's formation , current roster stands at nine members : Ai Takahashi , Risa Niigaki , Eri Kamei , Sayumi Michishige , Reina Tanaka , Koharu Kusumi , Aika Mitsui , JunJun ( Li Chun ) , and LinLin ( Qian Lin ) .
( The five original members have since " graduated " to solo acts or moved into other careers . )
Several of the members have voiced roles in anime , such as Takahashi ( Hamtaro the Movie 3 , Mini Moni the TV , Tottoko Hamutarō : Ham Ham Ham - Jya! Maboroshi no Princess ) and Niigaki ( Robby & Kerobby , Tottoko Hamutarō : Ham Ham Ham - Jya! Maboroshi no Princess ) .
Tanaka played the title role Kirara in Onegai My Melody Kirara , while Kusumi played the title role Kirari in Kirarin Revolution .
Mitsui also acted in Kirarin Revolution as Gurossan .
JapanFiles.com is launching Morning Musume 's digital catalog online on February 18 with the group 's new single , " Naichau kamo . "
gnome - terminal + GNU screen integration
There 's a lot of room to integrate gnome - terminal and vte with GNU screen .
In fact , proper integration if possible can deprecate a lot of code in vte ( like the scrolling management . )
However we are not sure we quite want do that , as screen may be buggy or lacking on certain systems , and we do n't want to limit ourself to its limitations .
The following list enumerates some various levels that integration can be done .
It 's divided into explicit and implicit , where explicit means that the user knows about the screen session , while implicit means the screen session is set up and used internally as an implementation detail of the terminal widget , and is not immediately exposed to the user .
The screen integration if done well , removes the need to implement a lot of new features in vte , like the model - view split .
Explicit :
Have a menu of current screen sessions that choosing one will attach the terminal into it .
Have options for doing a readonly attach .
[ easy ]
Have an option to create a new terminal session inside a new screen session .
[ easy ]
With both of above , of course , have the option to detach the terminal .
[ easy ]
Make g-t show tabs for each screen " screen " .
[ hard ]
Make scroll bar work in an screen session .
[ hard ]
Make screen 's copy / paste work with the clipboard .
[ hard ]
Implicit : Make ( or have an option for ) g-t to always start new sessions inside screen .
[ easy ]
With the above , make terminal escape the screen escape sequence , such that it 's transparent to the user .
[ easy ]
Have an option to detach the terminal .
[ hard ]
Make scroll bar work in an screen session .
[ hard ]
Make screen 's copy / paste work with the clipboard .
[ hard ]
Add graphical widgets and keybindings to screen 's backward search feature .
Find a way to do the search incrementally ( add feature to screen . ) [ hard ]
Those marked hard basically need g-t to communicate with the screen program , and as far as I know screen does n't have a library interface to allow that .
The only way to communicate with it is to send escape sequences and parse the output ( of say the list of current screens , or the clipboard . )
Bugs
https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=332148
Bug 332148 – Support for GNU screen
https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=103770
Bug 103770 – Want splitscreen feature as in Gtk's text widget
Discussion
( 08:17:58 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : Kosai , Monia : I was thinking today , a great way to make the screen integration happen ( 08:18:12 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : Kosai , Monia : is to develop screen to expose a library interface ( 08:18:31 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : that should be /very / easy , and makes all the hard items in my list very trivial ( 08:21:42 PM ) Kosai : Ooh . ( 08:22:25 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : Kosai : so , you just call screen_session_show_screen_number ( session , 4 ) to switch to the fourth tab :) ( 08:22:46 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : which is just what the magic keybindings are doing right now ( 08:23:00 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : nothing to implement in screen , just expose them .
( 08:23:14 PM ) Monia : right ( 08:24:04 PM ) Kosai : Woo. ( 08:24:27 PM )
Behdad Esfahbod : so we do n't have to do any magic in vte / g-t to send control sequences to screen to change to another tab ( 08:24:47 PM )
Behdad Esfahbod : ( which is possible in the case of tab switching , but not for copy / paste , search , ... ) ( 08:25:10 PM ) Kosai : Yup .
Sounds perfect .
( 08:25:17 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : in the long term , if that looks robust enough ( 08:25:26 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : we can tear the scrolling support off vte ( 08:25:52 PM )
Behdad Esfahbod : and since screen allows for attaching to a session ( readonly / readwrite ) , we get model / view separation for free ( 08:26:04 PM ) Kosai :
And have a hard dep on screen ?
( 08:26:07 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : yeah ( 08:26:13 PM ) Kosai : Cool . ( 08:26:13 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : that 's for the long term ( 08:26:50 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : screen is probably a lot smarter than g-t in handling odd sequences ( 08:27:01 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : so we are just piggybacking on it ( 08:28:43 PM )
Kosai : Sounds like we get to ditch a lot of g-t code .
( 08:30:03 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : not g-t really , vte mostly .
( 08:30:17 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : kinda " use screen as a backend " feature in vte ( 08:30:24 PM ) Kosai : right .
( 08:30:30 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : that 's of course for the " implicit " part ( 08:30:39 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : for explicit , we need some menus in g-t ( 08:31:16 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : but if we go that route , then g-t does n't really have to create new widgets for each tab ( 08:31:21 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : and can use screen 's tab support ( 08:31:29 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : but that may not be feasible ( 08:31:40 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : maybe as long as tabs are using the same profile ( 08:32:14 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : or better yet , we can add the notion of tab into vte itself ( 08:32:32 PM ) Kosai : Yeah , gets confusing if the user has some local terminals ( implicitly inside screen ) and some remote ones inside a non-vte screen .
( 08:32:57 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : yeah , got to decide what to do there ( 08:34:55 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : in the mean time we can actually import our hacked screen in vte ( 08:35:04 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : so , no dependency , no upgrades ( 08:35:22 PM ) Kosai : Hm. ( 08:35:43 PM ) Behdad Esfahbod : and when we are satisfied with the screen api , we can start pushing it upstream ( 08:36:05 PM ) Kosai : * nod *
Crippled insurance titan American International Group is coming back to the government for more help , as the company prepares to report a massive fourth - quarter loss , CNBC is reporting .
The report triggered a fresh dive in share prices shortly after 11:30 a.m. PST , ending the market ’s attempt to rally from the day ’s lows .
The Dow industrials were down 222 points , or 3 % , to an 11 - year low of 7,141 at about 12:30 p.m. PST .
From CNBC ’s David Faber :
AIG , the insurance giant that is 80 % - owned by the U.S. government , is in discussions with the government to secure additional funds so it can keep operating after next Monday , when it will report the largest loss in U.S. corporate history , CNBC has learned .
Sources close to the company said the loss would be near $ 60 billion due to write - downs on a variety of assets including commercial real estate .
That massive loss is likely to spur downgrades in its insurance and credit ratings that will force AIG to raise collateral that it does n't have .
In addition , if AIG 's book value falls below a certain level , as it seems certain to do , it will trigger default in certain of its debt instruments , say people familiar with the situation .
All of this adds up to a huge headache for the Federal Reserve and Treasury , which have already provided over $ 150 billion of assistance to AIG .
Faber said AIG 's board is expected to meet Sunday to reach an agreement with the government .
The company is preparing for the possibility of bankruptcy , although a filing was unlikely , he said .
If he ’s right about AIG ’s need for more cash , it will reinforce the perception that troubled financial companies have become a bottomless pit for taxpayers ’ funds .
Surprised ?
-- Tom Petruno
Photo : AIG 's headquarters in New York .
Credit : Timothy A. Clary / AFP / Getty Images
Read more on DISH at Read more on TIVO at Satellite TV provider Dish Network ( DISH ) posted its biggest ever drop in subscribers in the fourth quarter and said it may lose more customers in 2009 as its partnership with AT&T ended and the recession and competition hit harder .
Shares of Dish fell 11.7 % , to $ 9.93 , Monday as analysts saw little hope of a quick turnaround for the once highflying company controlled by Charlie Ergen .
Dish ended the year with 13.7 million subscribers , down 102,000 in the fourth quarter .
Five Wall Street analysts polled on average had forecast an addition of about 20,000 subscribers .
In the year - ago period , Dish added 85,000 customers .
In a filing , Dish said AT&T was a " substantial contributor " to its subscriber additions over the past several years .
Dish also cited weaker economic conditions , signal theft and other forms of fraud , and operational inefficiencies for the subscriber losses .
" 2008 was kind of a year where our goal was to stop getting worse , " Ergen told analysts .
" In 2009 , we are now prepared to go forward by getting better , and it 's just easier to manage a company when you are trying to get better than when you are trying to stop getting worse . "
In other media earnings : • TiVo ( TIVO ) reported a narrower loss in the fourth quarter as lower costs buoyed the bottom line in the face of a 20 % drop in revenue to $ 59.2 million .
The DVR company lost $ 3.6 million vs. a loss of $ 6.4 million in the same quarter a year earlier .
The results include a litigation award of $ 87.8 million from a patent lawsuit with Dish Network , as well as $ 18.6 million in interest income , most of which was related to the lawsuit .
TiVo said it expects a net loss of $ 6 million to $ 8 million in the first quarter .
The company reported 3.3 million subscriptions , down 3.6 % from the previous quarter .
• Concert promoter Live Nation ( LYV ) posted a loss of $ 338 million in the fourth quarter .
Goodwill impairment , partly caused by the company 's falling share price , led to a $ 270 million write - down .
Revenue fell 0.7 % to $ 916 million .
Contributing : The Associated Press Copyright 2009 Reuters Limited .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
according to The Washington Times
For those already outraged at the AIG bonus scandal , here is a fact that should add more fuel to the fire :
The Obama administration has paid the mercenary firm formerly known as Blackwater nearly $ 70 million to operate in Iraq and , , may keep the company on the payroll months past the official expiration of its Iraq contract in May .
I reviewed Blackwater 's recent transactions with the Obama State Department and discovered a $ 45 million payment to Blackwater on February 4 , 2009 for " protective services - Iraq . "
It is described as a " funding action only . "
Here is the interesting part :
The estimated " Ultimate Completion Date " is 5/07/2011 .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
The Washington Times ( as described below ) reported on a $ 22 million payment to Blackwater on February 2 .
Combined with the $ 45 million payment I discovered , that 's nearly $ 67 million in 72 hours .
Not bad for a company supposedly going down in flames .
With the U.S. economy in shambles and millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet and keep their homes , Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton need to explain to U.S. taxpayers how they justify these mega- payments to a scandal - plagued mercenary company .
( At the very least , someone should ask Robert Gibbs about it ) .
renamed itself Xe
It has been widely reported that the Bush administration 's preferred mercenary company , , will soon be leaving Iraq .
news
Thatcame early this year after the State Department , under immense public pressure , announced it would not renew the company 's lucrative deal to act as the private paramilitary force for senior U.S. occupation officials .
The Iraqi government has said it wants the company to leave Iraq and says it has revoked the company 's operating license .
The Obama administration continues to use Blackwater in Afghanistan and the company has extensive domestic training contracts with the military and law enforcement agencies inside the borders of the U.S .
The Washington Post reported The Washington Times reports Earlier this week , that some of Blackwater 's armed operatives may simply be rehired by two other US mercenary firms that are expected to take over Blackwater 's work in Iraq under the Obama administration : Triple Canopy and DynCorp .
Now , that the State Department has signed contracts with Blackwater that appear to extend the company 's presence in Iraq at least until September 2009 .
According to the paper :
" On Feb . 2 , a department spokesman was asked whether officials planned to renew one of Blackwater 's contracts past May .
The spokesman , Robert Wood , said the department had told Blackwater 'we did not plan to renew the company 's existing task force orders for protective security details in Iraq . '
" But records available through a federal procurement database show that on that same day , the State Department approved a $ 22.2 million contract modification for Blackwater ' security personnel ' in Iraq , with a job completion date of Sept. 3 , 2009 . "
" Why would you continue to use Blackwater when the Iraqi government has banned the highly controversial company and there are other choices ? " said Melanie Sloan , executive director of the nonpartisan Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
State Department spokesman Noel Clay told The Washington Times the contract modification involves aviation services .
" The place of performance is Iraq , but it is totally different than the Baghdad one that expires in May , " he said .
Sloan called the State Department 's explanation of the Feb. 2 deal a " parsing of words " and said " they should just be straight with us . "
Xe spokeswoman Anne Tyrell declined to comment on the status of the company 's work in Iraq or the Feb. 2 contract modification .
She said the company was aware that the State Department had indicated that it did not plan to renew its contracts in Iraq but that Xe officials had not received specific information about leaving the country .
" We 're following their direction , " she said .
resigned Blackwater recently renamed itself Xe and its owner Erik Prince " " as CEO , though he remains its sole owner and chairman .
UPDATE : Could Arlen Specter 's Logic on AIG Bonuses Be Applied to Blackwater ?
Several people have written me asking what the Obama administration should do with Blackwater , following reports that the State Department paid the company some $ 70 million over a 72 - hour period in February .
Many people take the position that Obama is dealing with remnants of the Bush administration 's disastrous policies and that it will take time to unravel .
Fair enough .
But , with the U.S. economy in shambles , is it really a priority to make good on payments to a company like Blackwater ?
I have long written that the Obama Iraq policy will necessitate using mercenary forces .
This is true for a number of reasons , not the least of which is Obama 's refusal to scrap that monstrous U.S. fortress they are calling an embassy .
If it 's not going to be Blackwater guarding Obama 's occupation officials , it will be Triple Canopy and DynCorp ( who will in turn hire a bunch of the " fired " Blackwater guys anyway ) .
The point here is this : I disagree that the reality is simply that Obama needs time to phase out Blackwater and his hands are tied when it comes to paying them on existing contracts .
I believe Obama needs them to sustain his bad Iraq policy , which will continue the occupation , albeit with a softer face .
If Obama wanted to , he could outright fire Blackwater .
Henry Waxman and others have called for that .
He certainly would have the support of the American people , particularly given how much money Blackwater has milked from the U.S. treasury .
All of this brings me to Republican Sen. Arlen Specter , former chair of the Judiciary Committee .
Yesterday , he was interviewed on MSNBC by Andrea Mitchell about the AIG bonuses .
Read what he says about the AIG contracts not having to be honored and then apply the logic to Obama 's Blackwater situation :
Mitchell :
What say you when it comes to these bonuses ?
Should they be taxed back ?
Should the AIG executives who approved the bonuses have to commit hari - kari ?
With whom do you side ?
Specter : Andrea , they 're not enforceable under the law .
They are against public policy .
It is obviously against public policy to pay bonuses to people who caused the problem .
If you have , for example , a contract for the sale of heroin , that 's not enforceable .
You take those cases to court , they wo n't be enforced .
It 's just that plain .
It 's set out very simply in the restatement of the law on contracts ....
Mitchell : Well , you know , there 's been a lot ventilating on all sides , but you 're a former district attorney , a former prosecutor , experienced lawyer and we tend to trust your judgment on this , former Judiciary Chairman .
So let me hear you out on when you say they 're not enforceable , the top economic adviser and the Treasury Secretary said that these were contracts that if the government broke the contracts , there would be greater expense in going to court and suing to get the money back .
What would the next steps be in a practical way to get the money back and break the contracts ?
Specter :
The top economic adviser and the Secretary of the Treasury are wrong again .
It happens too often to be excusable .
I 'd like to argue this as a legal matter .
If you have a contract , which is against public policy , it is not enforceable .
I gave you an extreme example .
If you have a contract for the delivery of heroin , the use of heroin , the delivery of heroin is against the law , you can't enforce it .
Let those individuals who claim that they 're entitled to bonuses go to court and the government will defend the case and will say these are against public policy .
How can you pay a bonus to this individual in this company , which raised the problem and caused this $ 180 billion bailout and now they want bonuses on top ?
It is simply unenforceable .
Jeremy Scahill , an independent journalist who reports frequently for the national radio and TV program Democracy Now ! , has spent extensive time reporting from Iraq and Yugoslavia .
He is currently a Puffin Writing Fellow at The Nation Institute .
Scahill is the author of Blackwater : The Rise of the World 's Most Powerful Mercenary Army .
The United States lost almost 600,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate rose to 7.6 per cent , its highest level in more than 16 years , the Labor Department said on Friday .
It was the biggest monthly job loss since the economy tipped into a recession more than a year ago , and it was even worse than most forecasters had been predicting .
In addition , the Government revised down its estimates for previous months by 4,00,000 .
For December , the Government revised the job loss to 5,77,000 compared with an initial reading of 5,24,000 .
Overall , it said , the nation has lost 3.6 million jobs since it slipped into a recession in December 2007 .
“ Businesses are panicked and fighting for survival and slashing their payrolls , ” said Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody ’s Economy.com .
“ I think we ’re trapped in a very adverse , self - reinforcing cycle .
The downturn is intensifying , and likely to intensify further unless policy makers respond aggressively . ”
As in previous months , employers in January slashed their payrolls in almost every industry except healthcare .
Manufacturers eliminated 2,07,000 jobs , more than in any year since 1982 .
The construction industry eliminated 111,000 jobs .
And retailers , who were wrapping up their worst holiday shopping season in years , eliminated 45,000 jobs .
One modest exception to the bad news was in workers ’ wages , which have thus far not reflected the dramatic plunge in employment .
Hour earnings edged up to $ 18.46 , up five cents , and average weekly earnings climbed $ 614.72 , up $ 1.67 .
A bipartisan group of senators worked furiously in backroom negotiations on Thursday to cut the cost of the more than $ 920 billion economic stimulus plan .
Senate Democratic leaders said they would await outcome of those talks before pushing for a final vote on the measure .
Read
Members of the bipartisan group , led by Senators Ben Nelson and Susan Collins , said they wanted to trim spending that would not quickly create jobs or encourage spending by consumers and businesses .
They spent the day scrutinising the 736 - page bill and wrangling over what to trim .
Aides said the group had drafted a list of nearly $ 90 billion in cuts , including $ 40 billion in aid for states , more than $ 14 billion for various education programmes , $ 4.1 billion to make federal buildings energy efficient and $ 1.5 billion for broadband Internet service in rural areas .
But they remained short of a deal .
“ We ’re trying to focus it on spending that truly helps stimulate the economy , ” Collins said .
“ People have different views on whether or not a programme meets that test .
So we ’re continuing to talk . ”
Source – Indian Express
Top Humanitarian And Philanthropic Organizations File Friend - Of - The - Court Brief In Support Of ACLU 's KindHearts Case
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
TOLEDO , OH – Several of the nation 's top non-profit humanitarian and philanthropic organizations told a federal court today that the government 's authority and conduct in freezing a charity 's assets undermines critical humanitarian aid and the government 's own anti-terrorism efforts .
Grantmakers Without Borders , OMB
Watch , the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee and several other organizations made this argument in a friend - of - the - court brief filed in support of due process rights for KindHearts for Charitable Humanitarian Development , Inc. in a case brought by the American Civil Liberties Union , the ACLU of Ohio and several civil rights lawyers .
" These absolute powers ultimately hurt those most in need of food , shelter , medicine , economic development and other assistance , " said Kay Guinane , an expert on the impact of national security measures on non-profits and a signatory to the brief .
" Furthermore , the idea that any charity can be closed indefinitely with no finding of wrongdoing or procedure to defend itself is contrary to fundamental values of fairness in a democratic society . "
The U.S. Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) froze KindHearts ' funds and operations three years ago without notice or a hearing , based simply on the assertion that the charity was " under investigation . "
OFAC then threatened to designate KindHearts as a " specially designated global terrorist " based on classified evidence , again without providing it with a reason or meaningful opportunity to defend itself .
In the brief , the organizations argue that " these actions and policies have created a climate of fear and intimidation among non-profit organizations , discouraging them from doing their critical humanitarian work – particularly in conflict - torn regions that are most in need – for fear of being arbitrarily subjected to these actions and policies themselves … in effect , the government 's actions and policies are counterproductive to its efforts to counter terrorism because they discourage and undermine the vital work of [ non- profit organizations ] . "
" We are gratified to have the support of so many significant humanitarian aid and social justice groups in our effort to provide KindHearts with its day in court , " said Hina Shamsi , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project and lead ACLU attorney on the case .
" The government 's unfettered authority to shut down KindHearts based on suspicion alone has not only left the charity unable to fulfill its humanitarian mission , it sends a profoundly negative message to other U.S. - based non-profits that seek to alleviate human suffering .
At a time when the United States needs to restore its image in the eyes of the world , the government 's actions do not serve either this country 's security or its commitment to justice . "
The brief was filed by Guinane , Grantmakers Without Borders , OMB Watch , the American - Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee , the Appleton Foundation , the Bill of Rights Defense Committee , the Defending Dissent Foundation , the Fund for Nonviolence , Grassroots International , Kinder USA , Muslim Advocates and the Muslim Public Affairs Council in the U.S. District Court For the Northern District of Ohio Western Division .
The organizations are represented by the National Security Clinic at the University of Texas School of Law .
Attorneys on the KindHearts case are Shamsi and National Security Fellow Alexander Abdo of the ACLU ; Fritz Byers of Toledo , Ohio ; David Cole of the Georgetown University Law Center ; Lynne Bernabei and Alan Kabat of Bernabei & Wachtel , PLLC in Washington ; and Jeffrey Gamso and Carrie Davis of the ACLU of Ohio .
The friend - of - the - court brief is available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/discrim/38852lgl20090227.html
More information about the KindHearts case is at : www.aclu.org/kindhearts
Over 100,000 demonstrate in London against Sri Lankan war
By Ajay Prakash and Paul Mitchell
2 February 2009
Over 100,000 people , mostly Tamils came from across the UK to march in central London on Saturday demanding an end to the war in Sri Lanka and the atrocities carried out by the military .
During the march itself reports came in of a cluster bomb attack that killed 39 civilians and wounded 128 more .
A section of the demonstration in London
Saturday ’s demonstration was the largest ever of its kind and took the organizers , who only expected a few thousand to turn up , completely by surprise .
The police were likewise unprepared , and central London ground to a halt as the march made its way from the Tate Britain gallery past Downing Street , the residence of UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , to Temple Station where speakers addressed the enormous crowd .
Only a few were able to make their speeches before the police demanded an end to the rally claiming the organizers did not have permission to use a public address system .
Despite the unprecedented nature of the demonstration , a similar one of 50,000 people in Toronto the previous day and other demonstrations across Europe , none of the British or international TV news channels or Sunday newspapers reported it .
The march was dominated by home - made banners and placards condemning the slaughter of Tamil civilians by the Sri Lankan military .
Others attacked India for sending in troops and the silence of the “ international community ” over the humanitarian crisis that has developed .
The BBC was criticized for failing to report the killings and the British government for its role in Sri Lankan history .
Young and old alike shouted , “ Stop the killing of Tamil people ” , “ End the War Now ” !
“ Drop food and medicines — not bombs ” .
Signs demanded an end to the war and atrocities in Sri Lanka
There were calls for self - determination for Tamil Eelam and shouts of support for the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam but there were few red and yellow Tamil Eelam flags and no Tamil Tigers flags .
Leaflets were handed out by several Tamil nationalist organisations , but their perspective was limited to putting pressure on various governments to intervene .
Typical was that put out by the main organizer , the Tamils Forum , which called for people to “ pressure the UK government to prevail upon Sri Lanka to stop the genocide ” and write to their MPs .
A petition was circulated calling for Brown to remove the LTTE from the list of banned terrorist organizations .
Members and supporters of the Socialist Equality Party handed out thousands of leaflets in English and Tamil of the January 29 perspective article from the World Socialist Web Site “ Troops out of northern and eastern Sri Lanka ! ”
It denounced the criminal assault being unleashed by the Sri Lankan military , criticised the bankrupt perspective of the LTTE and called for the unity of the Tamil , Sinhala and international working class .
Demonstrators clamoured for the leaflet , and after they had read it several came back for more and began distributing it themselves .
Many had heard of the World Socialist Web Site and were eager to express their views .
V. Vijay said , “ First of all we have gathered here to stop the war against the Tamil people .
It is ethnic mass murder .
Afterwards we should talk about a peace process and solution .
“ The Sri Lankan government has used Sinhala chauvinism for a long time to carry out war against the Tamils .
It wants to eliminate the rights of Tamils using the ‘ war on terror ’ .
“ None of the imperialist countries are willing to stop the war , particularly India , which has used our ethnic conflict for its own purposes and fomented conflict between Sinhalese and Tamils for a long period .
India wants to establish its own regional power and markets .
“ People are conscious that Sinhala and Tamil people should solve the national conflict , establish permanent peace without involving imperialism .
“ We have to show solidarity with our people and show our anger .
However , I do n’t think this movement is going to stop the war .
Mass demonstrations were carried out in 2003 against the war on Iraq but it did n’t stop the US .
“ We should appeal to all people to fight to end the war ” , V. Vijay concluded .
Govindaraj [ Indian Tamil ] , a member of a Tamil youth organization who has come from Manchester to London to start a hunger strike in protest at the war said , “ We want to express our anger at the world powers .
It is not simply genocide ; it is predetermined structural and physical genocide against the Tamil people in Sri Lanka by the world powers .
“ What we want immediately is to stop the war because Tamils have been killed using the ‘ War on Terror ’ .
The imperialist countries have turned the ‘ liberation struggle ’ into a mere fight against terrorists in order to mask the real issues behind it .
As a result , the Tamil people have been killed and their rights attacked .
“ If India wants to stop the war it could do so , but it wo n’t because of its own geo-strategic interests .
The Sri Lankan government uses the location of Sri Lanka [ close to India ] to sell itself to India .
But Indian people are not supporting this war , only the government is doing so .
“ We should push our [ Indian ] government to impose peace in Sri Lanka .
What we want is to protect Tamils in Sri Lanka , ” Govindaraj added .
Another section of the London Demonstration
K , a Tamil youth , who did not want his full name used because he feared being targeted by the Sri Lankan government in future , said that he had only come to the UK a few months ago after being released from jail in Sri Lanka where he had been badly tortured .
He said that though he was a refugee and immigrant worker and was unable to get time off to come to the demonstration , “ I am ready to sacrifice my job in order to show my anger against this war ” .
“ The Sri Lankan government wo n’t give anything to the Tamil masses , ” K explained .
“ It wants to keep Tamils as slaves .
“ Tamil people are living in fear in Colombo .
Any time anything could happen to them .
No one is there to protect them .
People are afraid of being identified and targeted by the government if we have relatives in LTTE held area ” , he continued .
“ I have lost my relatives in this bombardment .
My relatives in Colombo and Vavuniya are unable to mourn or cry for them .
This is cruel and criminal war against the Tamils .
“ I know Tamil people who refuse to come to the so - called ‘ safe zones ’ after they were bombarded by the government and because they are going to be held like criminals in camps .
The government did it before and is going to do so again .
Most people have a relative in the LTTE and they are going to be the first target of the government .
I know what will happen if they move to the Sri Lankan army area .
“ The government is bombarding the area to terrify Tamils saying they supported the LTTE and joined them .
Through the aggression , shelling and killing the government expects to eliminate the Tamil struggle , but it wo n’t happen like that .
More Tamils will take up arms again because every day they see the atrocities carried out by the Sri Lankan army ” , K said .
Paris demonstration
Members and supporters of the SEP in France also found strong support for the perspective to unite workers across ethnic lines based on socialist internationalism during their campaign in Paris .
More than 1,000 people gathered in the La Chappelle area for a demonstration over the war .
Although organised by LTTE front organizations , Tamil youth organisations and Tamil shop owners , many people were participating independently angered not only by the actions of the Sri Lankan government but also the Indian government and the international community , which is backing the Colombo ruling class .
SEP members distributed the statement “ Troops out of north and eastern Sri Lanka ” and spoke to many Tamil youth who expressed their concerns about the innocent people who are losing their lives because of the Rajapkse government and the military , which is using powerful weapons such as multi- barrel rockets , mortars and airplanes .
“ Where is the United Nations ?
And where is the international community ?
Why they ca n’t stop the war ” ?
one asked .
Another youth , Ravee , said , “ I have come with our sports club to oppose the war .
We are not supporters of the LTTE , but we are gathering here in solidarity with our people who are being killed in barbaric military attacks every day .
“ They are living in a very inferior situation in Wanni without any food , medicines or shelter .
Today I heard about 3,000 Indian army [ soldiers who ] landed in Mullaitheevu .
Rajapakse is very cunning man .
He announced a two - day cease fire , but in reality , he deployed his army with the support of the Indian army to prepare another assault against Wanni peoples and the LTTE ” , Ravee concluded .
Kandeepan said , “ Once I was a supporter of the EPRLF ( one of the Tamil national movements , now with the Rajapakse government ) but now I do not support them .
In the past I lost many of my family members .
This war is destroying many Tamils in Sri Lanka ” .
Tests suggests this belly button would rate pretty well , being oval , vertical , slightly hooded , and indented but not too cavernous .
Image
Many mammals have virtually no noticeable belly button .
We humans , however , are left with an umbilical scar that is not only obvious but which varies dramatically .
Some are seen as beautiful .
Others are deemed ugly .
Aki Sinkkonen at the University of Helsinki in Finland thinks the belly button , aka the umbilicus , serves a greater purpose than mere cosmetics :
It may be an indicator of mating potential in fertile women .
" I propose that umbilicus , together with the surrounding skin area , is an honest signal of individual vigor , " Sinkkonen wrote in the latest issue of The FASEB Journal .
" More precisely , I suggest that the symmetry , shape , and position of umbilicus can be used to estimate the reproductive potential of fertile females , including risks of certain genetically and maternally inherited fetal anomalies . "
Innie vs. outie
During pregnancy , the umbilical cord supplies a baby with nutrients and oxygen from the mother .
After birth , it 's clamped and snipped , leaving a short stump that eventually falls off .
It 's not known exactly why belly buttons end up in so many different configurations .
What is clear : People have preferences .
In reviewing other studies , Sinkkonen found we prefer belly buttons that are t- shaped or oval and vertical , with a little hooding , and which do n't protrude .
In short , we dislike outies and do n't favor the cavernous variety either .
Sinkkonen reviewed other studies of the umbilicus and essentially connected some dots .
He notes that the umbilical cord is critical during pregnancy , and suggests that many problems can be reflected in scar tissue , which is essentially what 's left behind as a belly button .
" I suggest that umbilicus is a fitness signal , " Sinkkonen told LiveScience in an email .
" I may be wrong .
However , many mammals do not have a visible umbilicus .
We have , but it does not have an obvious function , except signaling . "
Not just navel gazing
This novel navel notion has a serious aspect .
" If further research confirms the signaling hypothesis , female umbilici may be routinely measured to detect risk pregnancies of several fetal abnormalities , " Sinkkonen wrote in the journal .
And for anyone who worries their love life might be doomed by an imperfect belly button ?
" Do n't worry , " Sinkkonen said .
" Nobody 's perfect except Angelina Jolie .
Seriously , I know wonderful women who believe that their umbilicus / belly button is ugly .
Nobody should pay too much attention on the details of his / her body . "
" Help the Boros reclaim their precious artefact and solve the mystery of the Starlight Isles .
You will face unique and challenging puzzles that will require all your logic and reasoning skills ; often there is not just one solution to the problem you face . "
Here 's the introduction of one of the most original Blender games I 've seen so far .
It was created by a team of only five people during the high - profile British ' Dare to be Digital ' contest .
We talked to Graham Ranson to find out how he and his team used Blender .
Graham writes :
I thought you and your readers may be interested that I have just finished taking part in a games development competition as part of the group DarkMatter Designs .
The competition is called Dare to be Digital , and we used Blender as our game engine .
We were one of the three winning teams and thought that as we used Blender it might spur a bit of interest in the engine .
More info about the competition can be found at www.daretobedigital.com and we have some videos up of our game and development process at www.youtube.com/darkmatterdesigns.
Trailer
Trailer - Avi version [ 21MB ]
Q : Why did you choose Blender for this project ?
A : We decided to use Blender primarily for the physics engine and also because of the rapid prototyping .
Throughout the course of development we had lots of ups and downs in regards to the engine but I believe that we could n't of got the game completed as well as we did if we had just used something like OGRE or XNA like the other teams in the competition .
Q : Were you all familiar with Blender when you started ?
If not , was it hard to learn ?
A : I had only heard of Blender as a 3D modelling and animation tool as had the rest of the team .
It was only by chance we found out about Blender Game Engine ( a few days into the competition we still had n't got an engine until we stumbled upon Blender ) .
We managed to get stuff up and running very quickly which was useful because we changed lots of the design quite regularly throughout development and Blender allowed us to do this relatively easily .
None of us had ever used Python before but the other programmers and myself picked it up quickly because of its similarity to other languages .
Q : Were you aware of the Blender Institute working on their game ' Yo Frankie ! ' at the same time ?
Did you contact them for any help along the way ?
We kept up to date with the progress of the Apricot project because when ever we saw something new come from them it spurred us on to think that if they can do that we should be able to make something pretty special as well .
Although we never asked them for help I believe we borrowed a texture from their repository ( fully credited of course ) .
Q : Is this related to ' Gamers get creative - Blender on the BBC , again !'?
Yea that news report is us , we are the team from Wolverhampton ( I'm the guy with dreadlocks ) .
Q : What 's next ?
A : As for the future , we 're currently looking into our options , we will probably be going down the route of the newly announced XBOX Live Community Games just so that we are able to gain some more exposure for the game and then hopefully we can find a way onto WiiWare .
So watch this space :-)
Q : Is there a downloadable / playable version of the game somewhere ?
A : If you want to play the game you can download it here [ 100 MB RAR , Windows .exe ] - and you will also need python .
I do n't know the exact rules or anything but basically the rights to all game materials and resources etc are all currently the intellectual property of the organisers of the competition so they are not in the public domain .
In order to run the game you will need to run the BoroToro_Keyboard.exe
If you have a wii remote , nunchuk , sensor bar and bluetooth adapter you can play the game with your those , in order to do that you will need to pair the wii remote to your PC as you would usually and then run the Wii_Below.exe or Wii_Above .
exe depending on the position of the sensor bar .
If all is well the wii remote should rumble for a second .
Once that is done just run the BoroToro_Wii.exe
The controls for the wii version are displayed in game but they are not for the keyboard version .
If I remember correctly the controls should be :
Player movement : Left and right arrow
Cursor movement : Mouse
Grab object : Left mouse button ( hold to grab , release to let go )
Jump : Right mouse button ( double click for double jump )
Rotate object : Up and down arrow ( while holding an object )
Free camera look :
Hold the C key and move the mouse around
I think that should be it .
When betting big on converting wood to biofuel , first make sure you have enough trees to do the job .
That 's the lesson Michigan is learning as forestry experts question whether the state can grow enough timber to support what could be the nation 's first cellulosic ethanol plant producing commercially viable biofuel from wood .
Biofuel startup Mascoma plans to build the $ 225 million refinery near Sault Ste. Marie in Michigan 's beautiful upper peninsula .
It is working with Longyear , a Michigan timber company that owns at least 100,000 acres of forest in the western part of the state .
The million refinery would consume 375,000 cords of timber – a cord measures 8 feet long , 4 feet wide and 4 feet tall - to make 40 million gallons of cellulosic ethanol annually .
Therein lies the problem .
Mascoma converts plant matter into ethanol using consolidated bioprocessing .
The method uses microbes to combine four biological processes – cellulase production , cellulose hydrolysis , hexose fermentation , and pentose fermentation – into one .
The company says it is faster and cheaper than gasification , which uses heat to produce ethanol , or more traditional methods that use chemical pretreatment and enzyme additives .
Mascoma has scooped up more than $ 100 million in venture capital .
General Motors took an undisclosed equity stake in the company last year when it still had two dimes to rub together , and the state of Michigan – which signed a deal with Mascoma in June – has kicked in $ 23.5 million and said the state grows 2.5 times more wood annually than it harvests .
Maybe .
" It 's a bogus statistic and they 've been using it for years , " Ann
Woiwode , head of the Michigan Sierra Club , told the Michigan Messenger .
The only way that number can be even remotely close to reality , she and other critics believe , is if it includes wood growing on private land .
An official at Michigan 's Hiawatha National Forest ( pictured ) suggests feeding the Mascoma plant would wipe out the annual harvest in the eastern Hiawatha within 180 days .
The Messenger also reports that a Louisiana Pacific plant that would be located down the road from Mascoma is worried there wo n't be enough wood to go around .
No one should be as anxious about this discrepancy as the people who run Michigan .
Gov. Jennifer
Granholm has touted the Mascoma project as vital to the state 's future .
The Michigan Economic Development Corp. believes there is more than enough timber to go around , according to the Messenger .
Longyear executives claim they are n't worried and say several timber mills have closed in the past few years , opening up some 2 million acres of woodland that is no longer in demand .
Hopefully they can get what they need without deforesting the state .
Photo : Flickr / mtsn
See also :
Everyone knows Republicans love the drug war and Democrats are hippies who want to legalize pot .
Right ?
Not necessarily .
Milton Friedman and William F. Buckley are probably the best - known republicans to oppose the war on drugs , and they did so with eloquence that 's seldom been matched across the political spectrum .
Both men have passed however , and it's often assumed that the party of limited government and state 's rights would remain strangely , yet steadfastly invested in the infinitely costly and oppressive war on drugs .
It 's not that there are n’t notable exceptions ; Ron Paul 's rapid rise to national fame in 2008 demonstrated the vigor of libertarian - leaning conservatives who craved an opportunity to cast a vote for drug reform in the republican primaries .
In addition to Paul , prominent conservatives Grover Norquist and Tucker Carlson have been strong supporters of reform ( watch Carlson TKO drug warrior Mark Souder on MSNBC , for example ) .
But the GOP 's reputation as the party of braindead drug war demagoguery nonetheless remains cemented in the public consciousness thanks to the anti-drug posturing of party leaders like Rudy Giuliani John McCain and Mitt Romney Recent weeks have brought some encouraging signs that the drug policy reform argument is gaining ground with conservatives .
FOX News ' Glenn Beck recently interviewed Marijuana Policy Project 's Rob Kampia and then came out in support of marijuana legalization a week later .
Beck articulated the role of marijuana prohibition in subsidizing Mexican drug war violence in a segment that came off as remarkably pro-reform for FOX News .
Proving it 's not a fluke , we also saw LEAP 's Norm Stamper on FOX News '
Red Eye program delivering a superb indictment of the war on drugs that had host Greg Gutfeld nodding in agreement .
Meanwhile , conservative commentator and former presidential candidate Pat Buchanan penned a column last week quoting Milton Friedman and questioning the very foundations of the war on drugs .
Though not thrilled about the idea of legalizing drugs , Buchanan suggests that Mexico 's survival may depend on ending the drug war .
Like Glenn Beck , Buchanan had not been previously known to support reform and seems to be getting the message now that the failure of prohibition in Mexico is becoming a threat to our own national security .
Obviously , much work remains to be done towards generating mainstream political support for drug policy reform among conservatives ( and liberals , for that matter ) .
Still , there can be no question that the tone of the conversation is shifting and new voices are entering the discussion .
An economic crisis and an unstable border may provide focal points for an evolving dialogue , but there 's more to it than just that .
Consider , for instance , that the new administration recently pledged to end medical marijuana raids and it's just about the only thing Obama 's done that has n’t provoked attacks from republicans .
The political landscape with regards to drug policy reform is shifting in a subtle , yet powerful way .
In many cases , our greatest obstacle has n't always been pure political opposition , but rather a partisan political climate in which our issue is viewed as unstable terrain .
The moment public opinion tips far enough – as with medical marijuana – the fear of political attacks evaporates because your opponents ca n’t use popular positions against you .
Once it becomes clear that certain reforms carry no political risk , our infinitely feisty political culture focuses its hostility elsewhere and it becomes possible to do things like end medical marijuana raids without anyone saying a damn thing .
More importantly , as our political culture finally begins to embrace the need for an open and mature discussion about reforming drug policy , we 'll begin to hear what influential people actual believe , instead of what they 've been taught to say .
Red meat can be high in saturated fat Scientists have produced new evidence suggesting eating lots of red and processed meat damages health .
They found big meat eaters had a raised risk of death from all causes over a 10 - year period .
In contrast , a higher intake of white meat was associated with a slightly reduced risk of death over the same period .
The US study , featured in Archives of Internal Medicine , was based on more than 500,000 people .
The need is for a major reduction in total meat intake
Dr Barry Popkin
University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill
The researchers , from The US National Cancer Institute , found those whose diet contained the highest proportion of red or processed meat had a higher overall risk of death , and specifically a higher risk of cancer and heart disease than those who ate the least .
People eating the most meat were eating about 160g of red or processed meat per day - approximately a 6 oz steak .
Those who ate the least were only getting about 25g per day - approximately a small rasher of bacon .
Conversely , those who ate the highest proportion of white meat had a lower risk of overall death , and a lower risk of fatal cancer or heart disease than those who ate the lowest proportion .
The researchers calculated that 11 % of deaths in men and 16 % of deaths in women during the study period could have been prevented if people had decreased their red meat consumption to the level of those in the lowest intake group .
Cancer compounds
The researchers said cancer - causing compounds were formed during high - temperature cooking of meat .
No one 's saying that people should avoid bacon or burgers completely , but evidence tells us that cutting down on these foods can reduce the risk of dying from cancer and other diseases
Ed Yong
Cancer Research UK
Meat is a major source of saturated fat , which has been associated with breast and colorectal cancer .
In addition , lower meat intake has been linked to a reduction in risk factors for heart disease , including lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels .
The latest study adds to a growing body of research linking high red and processed meat consumption to an increased risk of ill health .
Recent UK research found one in ten people has tried to cut down on processed meats , such as bacon , in the wake of previous reports linking them to cancer .
Writing in the same journal , Dr Barry Popkin of the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , stressed there were health benefits to eating some red meat .
But he added : " The need is for a major reduction in total meat intake , an even larger reduction in processed meat and other highly processed and salted animal source food products and a reduction in total saturated fat . "
Dr Mark Wahlqvist , a nutrition expert from Australia 's Monash University , said eating small amounts of red meat - around 30g a day - provided a good source of key nutrients .
He said : " Fresh , lean red meat of these amounts is likely to be of more benefit than harm . "
Ed Yong , of the charity Cancer Research UK , said two large studies had now linked eating lots of red or processed meat to some cancers .
" No one 's saying that people should avoid bacon or burgers completely , but evidence from large studies like this tells us that cutting down on these foods can reduce the risk of dying from cancer and other diseases . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CHANGING PRICES GOING UP Food : Especially imported fruit and vegetables , mineral water , meat Games , toys , hobbies Petrol , diesel GOING DOWN Mortgage payments Coffee , tea , cocoa Gas and electricity bills Pre-recorded DVDs Source : ONS
Calculate your personal rate
The rising price of imported goods - particularly fruit , vegetables and toys - has caused an unexpected rise in one measure of UK inflation .
The Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) was pushed up to an annual rate of 3.2 % in February , from 3 % a month earlier .
But a sharp fall in mortgage repayments caused the Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) , which includes housing costs , to fall to zero for the first time in 49 years .
Economists had predicted that both measures of inflation would fall .
Hetal Mehta , senior economic advisor to the Ernst & Young Item Club , said : " It is surprising to see CPI inflation increasing when a sharp fall was widely expected . "
As well as the weaker pound , which was one factor behind the rising cost of some imported goods , Rob Pike from the Office for National Statistics remarked that December 's cut in VAT from 17.5 % to 15 % , was being reversed .
A substantial number of shops which passed on the VAT cut in December seemed to have changed that by February , he told BBC News .
" We have seen many prices return to the previous selling price in November , or even gone beyond that .
And that is quite widespread . "
A poor harvest in Spain had led to much higher courgette and cucumber prices , he added .
' Volatile '
The Bank of England uses the CPI , the index of consumer prices , as its target when setting interest rates .
WINNERS AND LOSERS
Those on a state pension or benefits had 2009 - 10 payments based on RPI in September which was 5 % .
They win .
Graduates who took out student loans before 1998 pay interest that tracks RPI .
They are likely to win .
Those who do not own their own home but spend their money on food and petrol .
They lose .
Are you an inflation winner or loser ?
The increase in CPI has obliged Bank of England governor Mervyn King to write to Chancellor Alistair Darling , to explain why inflation is more than one percentage point above the government 's 2 % target .
In his letter , Mr King said that despite the increase in the CPI measure last month , " we believe that the sharp decline in CPI inflation since its peak in September is likely to resume in the coming months " , with energy prices tipped to fall further .
" It is likely over the next year CPI inflation will move below target , although the profile of inflation could be volatile , " he added .
Speaking to Parliament 's Treasury committee on Tuesday , Mervyn King said exchange rate depreciation was bound to have a significant impact on price levels and would continue to do so in the coming months .
Deflation risks
The fall in RPI , as recorded in the latest Office for National Statistics data , stems largely from the fall in mortgage repayments after a series of interest rate cuts .
The government uses the broader measure of RPI , the index of retail prices , to set the level of state pensions , welfare benefits and index - linked government bonds .
This is set once a year , based on September 's inflation figure .
While analysts had expected the RPI to fall further to below zero , it was still the weakest reading since 1960 .
" The big picture remains that deflation is on its way , " according to Vicky Redwood of Capital Economics .
" After all , at zero in February , the RPI measure was as close to deflation as you can get .
" Falling utility and food price inflation should still push CPI into negative territory before long .
There are concerns that if prices keep falling , the UK could suffer a bout of deflation .
A prolonged period of deflation is damaging to the economy as consumers put off spending in anticipation that prices will fall further , hitting retailers and manufacturers .
' Pay depression '
For workers , the latest fall in RPI has implications for wages .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
According to John Philpott , chief economist at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development : " For millions of workers , this will be a spring and summer of pay depression , as pay rises give way to widespread pay freezes or pay cuts .
" For the vast majority of workers , accustomed as most of us are to an annual boost to our pay packets , a pay freeze or pay cut will feel like a hardship , especially while the CPI measure of inflation continues to rise . "
It could also be negative for pensioners .
The basic state pension increases by either RPI or 2.5 % , whichever is higher .
However , retired people typically spend a higher proportion of their income on food and fuel , which has risen .
And for welfare benefits , which are also linked to RPI , the Department for Work and Pensions said no decision had been made .
A spokesperson for the DWP said " we can't reduce benefits .
" Even though we traditionally up - rate them in line with RPI , we do n't have to do this .
If RPI is negative we can use discretion . "
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said the latest figures painted a " a very contradictory picture " and that it was very difficult to manage policy in such an environment .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said the latest trend created a tension which " just adds to the economic uncertainty at the moment " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
IF YOU ever felt paranoid about subliminal messages , you might be right to worry .
Images we see but do n’t consciously register have been shown to inform people ’s decision - making .
Joel Voss of Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois , and colleagues showed volunteers 12 kaleidoscope images for 2 seconds each while they also performed an unrelated number task to distract them from consciously committing the images to memory .
A minute later , volunteers were asked to look at pairs of similar - looking images and choose the one they had seen before .
They were also asked whether they were sure , had “ a feeling ” they were right , …
The Timothy Geithner financial rescue plan has been released .
I ’ve been cruising around look for people who understand the financial sector for comments .
Consensus : Yeah , right .
The most optimistic analysis is Brad DeLong ’s , here updated in a post titled “ I Think Paul Krugman Is Wrong . ”
Professor DeLong admits he is uncomfortable disagreeing with Professor Krugman , however .
Professor Krugman ’s column today was written before all the details were released , but he is opposed to the parts of the plan released earlier .
Economist ’s View has a roundup of reactions from economists , most of them pessimistic .
No one on the blogophere , Left or Right , is happy about it .
Of course , the Right would n’t like anything Obama does , meritorious or not , so there ’s no point reading them .
But the Left generally is in agreement with James K. Galbraith at Washington Monthly , who writes , “ Geithnerâ€™s banking plan would prolong the state of denial . ”
The big concern , expressed by many , is that when Geithner ’s plan flops ( as most predict it will ) President Obama will have lost the political capital necessary to do what really needs to be done , which is nationalize the bleepers .
Share Tweet Share
Like this : Like Loading ...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama 's newly revamped Office of Faith Based Initiatives is reigniting a contentious debate across the ideological spectrum over whether religious organizations that accept funds from the government should be allowed to discriminate when hiring .
On the campaign trail , President Obama 's views on federal money and discrimination seemed clear .
In one corner is a string of religion - backed organizations that have accepted federal funds from the 8 - year - old program to advance their secular charity work .
President Bush issued an executive order in 2002 that allowed these groups to continue their practice of discrimination with respect to hiring .
Specifically , many of the organizations carry policies against hiring outside their religion or hiring homosexuals whose lifestyles conflict with church doctrines .
In the other corner are separation - of - church - and - state advocates and human - rights organizations that say the government must constitutionally compel these organizations to follow nondiscrimination laws if they accept federal funding .
Anything less , they say , would at best be a violation of church - state separation and at worst an implicit endorsement of discrimination .
" [ President Obama ] is under heavy pressure from those who support faith - based hiring in these enterprises to not just eliminate it , " said Ira C. Lupu , a professor at The George Washington University Law School .
" Others say that hiring on the basis of religion is discriminatory and that the government should never subsidize that .
As a political matter , there is a lot of pressure from both sides . "
Obama himself waded into the debate during the presidential campaign , delivering a widely viewed speech in Zanesville , Ohio , during which he endorsed faith - based programs , but said the beneficiaries of such government aid should be forced to cease discriminatory practices .
" If you get a federal grant , you can't use that grant money to proselytize to the people you help and you can't discriminate against them -- or against the people you hire -- on the basis of their religion , " Obama said in the July 1 speech at the East Side Community Ministry .
Do n't Miss Ticker : Obama speaks about his religious transformation
But since Election Day , the president and his aides have been far less clear on whether the new faith - based initiatives office will significantly depart from the Bush administration 's policy .
In an executive order to be announced on Thursday , Obama does not rescind Bush 's provision to allow faith - based groups to discriminate in their hiring practices , but does provide a legal process for organizations to go through in order to that ensure hiring is legal and non-discriminatory .
Administration sources say the new legal safeguard is a " key step forward " in addressing the thorny issue of faith - based hiring .
But Dr. Joel Hunter , a senior pastor at Northland Church in Longwood , Florida , who will be part of a 25 - member council of religious leaders in the faith - based office , said the issue is a particularly tricky one for religious leaders .
" We 're going to have to work that out , because on the one hand , you do n't want to use federal funds to discriminate .
But on the other hand , we can't have religious organizations taking money on the condition that they will hire people who live a lifestyle contrary to what they teach , " he said .
If the Obama administration moves slowly on resolving the issue , the new president risks alienating a large bloc of his supporters , many of whom are already wary of faith - based funding from the federal government .
" In an ideal world , there would be no faith - based office , " said the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State .
" But if we must have this office , certain steps must be taken to bring it into line with the commands of the Constitution . "
For the faith - based groups , the issue is not so clear - cut .
Under the Civil Rights act of 1964 , faith - based organizations have a right to discriminate in hiring with respect to religion .
Many of these organizations argue they risk losing their fundamental identity if the government forces them to hire individuals outside their faith .
" To us , it 's not a matter of discrimination , it 's a matter of our faith ethos , " said Samuel Rodriguez , the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference .
" What they are telling us is to negate who we are in order to acquire federal grants .
...
That 's just unacceptable . "
Rodriguez , whose organization represents more than 19,000 churches , said he and other religious leaders have directly communicated their concerns to the Obama administration and are confident the president will not seek to rescind the policy .
" President Obama understands he's at risk of alienating the vast majority of the evangelical community , " Rodriguez said .
But opponents argue organizations use the right to hire within their religion as an excuse to implicitly discriminate against gays and lesbians -- many of whom may share the same faith as the organization but are deemed not good practitioners of it .
" The Bush administration 's policies and initiatives that have allowed religious institutions to discriminate against [ lesbian , gay , bisexual and transsexual ]
Americans with public money are not consistent with the values espoused by President Obama and his Administration , " Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign said .
" We are hopeful that the new administration will take the necessary steps to address this critical issue of fairness expeditiously . "
At Pastor Rick Warren 's presidential forum in August , then - presidential candidate Obama said a distinction should be made between how federally funded groups hire within their own mission and how they hire when it comes to secular charitable work .
" The devil 's in the details , " he said then .
" What we do want to make sure of is that as a general principle we 're not using federal funding to discriminate , but that is only when it comes to the narrow program that is being funded by the federal government .
That does not affect any of the other ministries that are being taken , that are taking place . "
All About Religion • Barack Obama
PARIS , March 10 ( UPI ) -- European Space Agency scientists say they are ready to test the smallest yet most precisely controllable engine ever built for space .
Measuring only 10 centimeters across , the ESA said its Field Emission Electric Propulsion engine produces an average thrust equivalent to the force of a falling hair , but sensitive enough to counteract the force of incoming sunshine .
Advertisement
Despite its low power , the ESA said FEEP 's thrust range and controllability are far superior to more forceful thrusters .
" Most propulsion systems are employed to get a vehicle from A to B , " said Davide Nicolini of ESA 's Scientific Projects Department .
" But with FEEP the aim is to maintain a spacecraft in a fixed position , compensating for even the tiniest forces perturbing it to an accuracy that no other engine design can match . "
Operating together with a separate U.S. - designed propulsion system , the FEEP thrusters should yield directional control at least two orders of magnitude more accurate than any spacecraft before it , down to a millionth of a millimeter , scientists said .
This month 's tests are intended to qualify the FEEP development model before construction of the final flight hardware begins .
Once proven , the ESA said its FEEP technology will take part in a broad range of missions , including precision formation flying for astronomy , Earth observation and drag - free satellites for mapping variations in Earth 's gravity .
Posted on 28 February 2009 by Quaid
According to the guys over at Blue Sky Disney , Pete Docter is gearing up to prepare a sequel to his 2001 smash hit Monsters Inc .
The original film is one of my favorites , and as long as they keep Docter around and make this a full - blown Pixar effort , I ’m excited .
I mean , I was down on Toy Story 2 when I first heard about it , and I could n’t have been more wrong .
Docter is currently doing promotion to his just - completed film Up , so do n’t expect a formal announcement until things settle on that front .
The movie is a likely 2013 release for Pixar ( assuming Roland Emmerich is wrong and the world does n’t end in 2012 ) .
I gotta say , though , I hope Pixar does n’t turn into a studio that predominantly makes sequels to their proven franchises .
I mean , there ’s no need … ALL of their movies make ridiculous amounts of money , so is a sequel really a “ safer bet ” than developing new properties ?
Ah well .
I ’ll put my trust in Pixar .
They ’re the one studio in Hollywood that has n’t made a bad movie .
Ever .
March 2009 ( WASHINGTON ) —
The United States once again urged the Sudanese government to swiftly address humanitarian needs resulted from the eviction of some 13 aid groups from Darfur region , saying it would be held accountable of each death there .
U.S. Charge d’Affaires Alberto Fernandez speaks to newly - arrived IDPs at Zam Zam camp ( Photo US embassy )
Robert Wood , the acting spokesperson of the State Department on Monday urged the Sudanese government to address water , land and other urgent issues at Zam Zam camp , and other camps in the region before further deterioration .
He pointed out that there is a growing water shortage due to demand created by the recent IDP arrivals and the lack of available water resources at the camp .
Further he underscored the need for more land to accommodate the IDPs overflow .
The official was commenting a visit by the American Chargé d’affaires Alberto Fernandez to Zam Zam camp in North Darfur .
The camp received some 36,000 new IDPs since last January following the increasing of violence and harassment in South Darfur since last January .
With the arrival of new IDPs in the Zam Zam camp the total in its residents reached 80,000 .
The majority of the newcomers are from villages and IDP camps in South Darfur , but there are also arrivals from North Darfur .
Wood said the situation in the camp had been exacerbated by the expulsion of 13 major aid groups working in Darfur .
Last Tuesday March 17 , the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton strongly condemned the eviction of the aid groups .
It also harshly criticized the Sudanese President saying he would be held responsible for any deaths in Darfur that results from his decisions .
In apparent reaction to an arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court against him for crimes against Humanity and war crimes , Bashir ordered on 4 and 5 March the eviction of 13 foreign NGOs and closed three other national groups .
An estimated 300,000 people have died and another 2.7 million have been displaced in the western region of Sudan , where rebels have been fighting Government forces and allied Arab militiamen since 2003 .
( ST )
Whoo !
CPAC !
It 's CPAC season !
Let 's meet the future of the Republican party , everyone !
The Conservative Political Action Conference is a yearly convention in DC where thousands of Republicans hear stirring speeches from the party 's biggest names , and they all decide what the future of the party looks like .
In years past , we 've seen such luminaries as Newt Gingrich and Ann Coulter speak to the adoring audience , and this year , who knows , it 's probably Newt and Ann again .
Palin backed out .
Oh , Joe the Plumber 's there .
Politico contributor Patrick Gavin wandered around CPAC asking all the hip young Republicans ( one of them is a boy with earrings ! ) how they thought the GOP could be " cool . "
Who are the coolest Republicans ?
Ron Paul , Rush Limbaugh , and , uh , Bobby Jindal are named .
( If you want a better idea of the kind of fun these kids are having , check out the exhibit hall . )
A federal judge in Los Angeles this morning postponed the sentencing of a man who emerged as a key figure in the national debate over medical marijuana , saying he wanted additional information about a reported change in the Justice Department ’s policy regarding such prosecutions .
U.S. District Court Judge George H. Wu asked prosecutors for a written response from the Justice Department about its position on medical marijuana prosecutions in light of recent comments from Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr .
Holder said last week that the Justice Department under President Obama had no plans to prosecute dispensary owners who operated within their state 's law .
Wu said he did not believe that any change in policy would affect the conviction of Charles Lynch , 47 .
But the judge said he wanted to consider any new information about the policy before imposing sentence .
Lynch ’s trial this summer showcased the issue of conflicting state and federal marijuana laws .
In November 2007 , the Songwriters Association of Canada shocked the music industry and many Canadians by proposing the full legalization of music file sharing .
The SAC proposal was based on the premise that file sharing was not going away , that lawsuits against file sharers do more harm than good , and that the continued emphasis on using digital locks to control copying has been a complete failure .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
In the view of thousands of Canadian songwriters , the better way forward was to encourage music sharing by monetizing it .
The SAC proposal envisioned a levy ( five dollars per month was floated as a possibility ) that would be used to compensate creators for the sharing .
In return , Canadians would be entitled to freely share music for non-commercial purposes .
The reaction to the SAC proposal was generally critical .
The recording industry rejected it out - of - hand , arguing that it violated international copyright law .
Consumer groups were also skeptical , noting that a mandatory universal levy would result in payments by non-music sharers , who would effectively subsidize those sharing music .
Notwithstanding the criticism , the SAC persisted .
Last week , it quietly unveiled a revised version of the proposal at a public forum on copyright in Toronto .
The new version , which addresses many of these earlier criticisms , is far more promising and there are indications that the SAC may be joined by other creator organizations in pursuit of a legalization strategy .
File sharing , get used to it
The foundation of the proposal remains the same -- the creation of a new right of remuneration for music file sharing in return for the consumer freedom to share an unlimited amount of music across all platforms including peer - to - peer networks , mobile devices , instant messaging , and even e-mail .
The SAC notes that downloading music for non-commercial purposes is arguably already lawful in Canada due to the private copying levy , but that its proposal would cover more broadly all music file sharing activities .
The most important change to the SAC proposal is that it would now be voluntary for both creators and consumers .
Artists could choose to participate , thereby addressing international copyright law concerns about mandated participation .
The proposal also envisions providing consumers with the right to opt - out of the plan if they do not share music files .
The voluntary approach -- which resembles elements of a plan the Electronic Frontier Foundation began promoting in 2003 -- should remove the consumer concerns associated with stiff monthly fees for non-music sharers .
While some artists may reject the plan , the SAC is betting that most will participate given the opportunity to benefit from a new source of revenue .
The SAC has also made changes to the pricing model , dropping the five dollar monthly fee and instead leaving the issue in the hands of the Copyright Board of Canada .
The board would set the fee after input after full public hearings .
Video sharing next ?
While these changes may address many criticisms , some issues remain , including fears that a music - only approach leaves open the prospect of future demands for levies on other forms of content such as video .
If last week 's copyright public forum is any indication , other creator groups may be ready to join with the SAC in a broader proposal that covers video works as well .
ACTRA , which represents 21,000 Canadian performers , indicated its willingness to pursue a similar plan .
National executive director Stephen Waddell told the audience that solutions based on locking down content were failures and that it was time to explore other options such as collective licensing that would fully legalize sharing activities in return for creator compensation .
As creator groups begin to line up behind these proposals , the public may still need convincing .
A recent public opinion survey from Angus Reid Strategies found widespread Canadian opposition to new levy schemes , suggesting that even the revised SAC approach will be a tough sell .
With the willingness to move toward voluntary plans , however , we are witnessing a dramatic shift in attitude as groups abandon their reliance on outdated legislated solutions in favour of innovative new alternatives .
Related
Tyee stories :
“ This must be the End Times , " said Rod Dreher in BeliefNet , because there are signs everywhere .
The latest came when Michael Steele , the head of the Republican Party , “ did n’t let the sun go down before apologizing to Rush Limbaugh ” for uttering a mild criticism of him .
The Democrats must be giddy at the spectacle of the GOP ’s chairman groveling to a “ fatmouthing blowhard ” of a talk - radio host .
Michael Steele did Democrats a huge favor , said Steve Benen in The Washington Monthly .
By saying that “ Rush Limbaugh ’s schtick is both ‘ incendiary ’ and ‘ ugly , ’ ” ( watch the CNN video ) , Steele drove a wedge between the GOP leadership and its Limbaugh - loving base .
The offense “ baited ” Limbaugh into launching an on - air tirade against Steele , which only made the spotlight on the feud brighter .
“ I can understand why the Left is going after Rush , ” said John Hanlon in Townhall.com , “ but this intraparty fighting is very disappointing .
Limbaugh is an important voice on the Right . ”
Other Republicans do n’t have to agree with him , but they should focus their criticism where it belongs -- on policies of President Obama and the Democratic Party that run counter to conservative values .
Responses to the global HIV / AIDS epidemic are often driven not by evidence but by ideology , stereotypes , and false assumptions .
Referring to the hyperepidemics of Africa , an article in The Lancet this fall named “ ten myths ” that impede prevention efforts ” including “ Poverty and discrimination are the problem , ” “ Condoms are the answer , ” and “ Sexual behavior will not change . ”
Yet such myths are held as self - evident truths by many in the AIDS establishment .
And they result in efforts that are at best ineffective and at worst harmful , while the AIDS epidemic continues to spread and exact a devastating toll in human lives .
Consider this fact :
In every African country in which HIV infections have declined , this decline has been associated with a decrease in the proportion of men and women reporting more than one sex partner over the course of a year ” which is exactly what fidelity programs promote .
The same association with HIV decline cannot be said for condom use , coverage of HIV testing , treatment for curable sexually transmitted infections , provision of antiretroviral drugs , or any other intervention or behavior .
The other behavior that has often been associated with a decline in HIV prevalence is a decrease in premarital sex among young people .
If AIDS prevention is to be based on evidence rather than ideology or bias , then fidelity and abstinence programs need to be at the center of programs for general populations .
Outside Uganda , we have few good models of how to promote fidelity , since attempts to advocate deep changes in behavior have been almost entirely absent from programs supported by the major Western donors and by AIDS celebrities .
Yet Christian churches ” indeed , most faith communities ” have a comparative advantage in promoting the needed types of behavior change , since these behaviors conform to their moral , ethical , and scriptural teachings .
What the churches are inclined to do anyway turns out to be what works best in AIDS prevention .
This good news is often lost on organizations that purport to represent churches and the faith - based response to AIDS .
The Berkley Center at Georgetown University , for instance , issued a report late last year called Faith Communities Engage the HIV / AIDS Crisis .
The report is worth taking seriously , as it reflects the thinking of many international organizations , including many of the faith - based organizations that respond to AIDS .
This thinking is often drastically out of sync with the culture and values of the beneficiaries .
The Georgetown report claims to explore “ development issues from the perspective of faith institutions , ” but in fact the report betrays a deep ambivalence about whether faith communities , particularly Christian churches , are part of the problem or part of the solution to AIDS .
Katherine Marshall and Lucy Keough , lead authors of the report , are clearly uncomfortable with approaches to HIV prevention that emphasize sexual responsibility , behavior change , and morally based messages .
They praise the work and compassion of faith communities in treating and caring for people ­living with AIDS and their families , yet harshly ­criticize the messages of faith communities for increasing the stigma of AIDS .
Their discomfort with attempts to change sexual behavior is evident early in the report , when , for example , they muse : “ Should the focus be on changing the behaviors that contribute to HIV / AIDS ?
( Is that possible ?
Desirable ?
How ?
With what assurance ? ) ”
If Marshall and Keough are undecided as to whether changing sexual behavior is even desirable in the context of an epidemic driven by people who have more than one sex partner , they then need to become educated in the basic epidemiology of HIV transmission .
One must ask whether they are more concerned with upholding a Western notion of sexual freedom or with saving lives .
Their concern over any prevention approach that might be “ moralistic ” causes them to miss entirely the evidence for the remarkable success of sexual - behavior change in reducing HIV infections .
They miss , as well , the crucial contribution of faith communities to HIV prevention , even while they are producing a report on the role of faith communities in the HIV crisis .
Marshall and Keough reflect conventional wisdom when they blame poverty , gender inequality , powerlessness , and social instability for the spread of AIDS .
Yet epidemiological evidence is increasingly challenging this wisdom .
In Africa , for instance , the wealthy are more likely to be HIV - infected ( as a 2007 study in AIDS and a 2005 report in The Lancet have both noted ) .
The countries of southern Africa are both the wealthiest on the continent and the worst affected .
Meanwhile , within many countries , the wealthy are most likely to be HIV - infected ” and , surprisingly , it is often among women that the greatest difference in HIV prevalence between poor and wealthy is seen .
For instance , in Tanzania , women in the wealthiest quintile of the population are more than four times more likely to be infected than women in the poorest quintile .
Poverty may make some individuals prone to risky sexual behaviors that can spread HIV ; yet wealth can facilitate lifestyle choices that increase HIV risk , such as living in an urban area , abusing alcohol , and having the mobility and opportunity to acquire extramarital sexual partners .
While gender inequality may severely circumscribe a woman ’s right to choose or refuse sex , and while faithful women can be and are infected by their husbands , new data are showing that women also bring HIV into marriage , putting husbands at risk .
Last year the researcher Damien de Walque showed that , for 30 to 40 percent of infected couples in five African countries , the woman alone was infected .
Vinod Mishra similarly reported that in some African countries , among couples in which one partner was infected and the other was not , the woman , not the man , was infected in more than half of couples .
Both studies conclude that women ’s extramarital sex must be the predominant factor behind these surprisingly high rates of female - ­discordant couples ” and thus “ be faithful ” messages must be targeted to women as well as to men .
Although turmoil and instability may make people more vulnerable to HIV , it does not follow that an HIV - prevention strategy aimed at changing sexual behavior is doomed in circumstances of turmoil and instability .
Many of the greatest successes in HIV prevention have been in situations of social , political , and economic turmoil , such as Uganda in the late 1980s and Zimbabwe in the early 2000s .
Experts predicted that the HIV epidemic would explode in Rwanda , but it did not , in spite of extreme violence and instability and tremendous numbers of rapes .
Sexual behavior in Rwanda has remained conservative , and , at 3 percent , HIV prevalence is low for the region .
Of course , many other reports ” and more alarmingly , peer - reviewed articles ” make the same mistake of repeating conventional wisdom that does not stand up to scientific scrutiny .
But the report from Georgetown is guilty not only of poor epidemiology but also of ignoring the perspectives of faith institutions that it claims to put forth .
Fortunately , faith communities seem to be going forward with what they can address ” influencing sexual behaviors and norms in their own parishes and communities ” and not heeding the warnings of experts that such efforts are doomed as long as poverty , gender inequality , and less - than - ideal political and economic conditions persist .
But the blessing and backing of the AIDS establishment would surely energize this work .
Uganda provides an illustrative example of the central role of faith communities ( among others ) in bringing about behavior change .
In a sidebar in Faith Communities Engage the HIV / AIDS Crisis , Marshall and Keough give credit to the work of faith communities in Uganda , but they get most of the story wrong .
Their account emphasizes the role of increased condom use in bringing down Uganda ’s HIV rates and downplays the dramatic increases in the number of people reporting abstinence and faithfulness behaviors .
In making their case , Marshall and Keough cite a little - known ( and non-peer - reviewed ) World Bank report written by Keough herself , and they ignore the wealth of peer - reviewed literature showing that the critical factor in Uganda was not increased condom use but reductions in the number of sexual partners .
The list of countries that have seen both changes in sexual behaviors and declining HIV prevalence is growing and now includes Uganda , Kenya , Haiti , Zimbabwe , Thailand , and Cambodia , as well as urban areas of Ivory Coast , Ethiopia , Zambia , and Malawi .
Many countries that have not seen declines in HIV have seen increases in condom use , but in every country worldwide in which HIV has declined there have been increases in levels of faithfulness and usually abstinence as well .
Arguably , every community and institution has been guilty of some fear , stigma , discrimination , and marginalization of those living with HIV .
No faith community , including the Catholic Church , should claim to be immune , and , where stigma and fear exist , they should be openly admitted and confronted .
Yet the Georgetown report treats faith communities particularly harshly , claiming that churches impose “ retribution for ‘ sinful behavior ’ ” and that “ religion has been used to foster stigma , exclusion , and marginalization related to HIV / AIDS . ”
Indeed , the report continues , “ faith hierarchies , leaders , and communities have in the past often been promoters of stigma associated with HIV and AIDS , partly because of their difficulty in confronting aspects of human sexuality and partly because they often assume a link between AIDS and what they regard as sinful activities . ”
Faith communities are , in fact , facing the challenge of upholding orthodox beliefs about sexuality without contributing to stigma .
Rather than accurately reporting this , however , Marshall and Keough offer only their own perspective , insisting that religious beliefs about sexuality are “ values structures ” that “ have tended to perpetuate stigmatization . ”
This language is reminiscent of the campaign that appeared immediately after the Fourteenth International AIDS Conference in Barcelona in 2002 .
Such comments as “ Religion kills ” and “ The only good priest is the priest who distributes condoms ” flooded many of the more ideologically driven HIV / AIDS email listservs and online discussion groups .
Within the international community , a religious group ’s willingness to promote condoms was the unsubtle litmus test for funding in AIDS prevention until the United States Congress changed the discriminatory practice by law in 2003 .
In Faith Communities Engage the HIV / AIDS ­Crisis , Marshall and Keough make a particular effort to discredit the ABC approach for preventing the sexual transmission of HIV ( A bstain , B e faithful , or use C ondoms ) .
They write , “ Many faith - based groups , like many governments , have been attracted to an approach to HIV / AIDS prevention , first articulated in Uganda , that has come to be known as the ABC model . . . .
While aspects of this approach are incontrovertibly effective in reducing the spread of HIV / AIDS , the current consensus is that it does not go far enough . ”
Whose consensus , one must ask ?
Are the authors truly representing the consensus of the world ’s faith communities , or rather the consensus of a public - health community that is deeply uncomfortable with an approach that calls , in a simple and straightforward manner , for sexual responsibility ?
A more cynical view is that simple behavior changes such as mutual fidelity do little to contribute to a robust and ever - expanding multibillion - dollar “ risk - reduction ” AIDS industry focused on medical services , drugs , and devices such as condoms while leaving the true driver of the pandemic , sexual behavior , alone .
Since the beginning of the global epidemic , most AIDS programs have been designed solely with high - risk groups in mind .
Risk reduction seems to have had some success among high - risk groups .
( Although , in certain groups , such as American gay men , HIV is once again rising . )
But a risk - reduction approach ignores a central epidemiological fact :
The great majority of people worldwide are not at much risk for HIV infection , which in fact does not occur easily .
Thus , encouraging the majority to maintain low - risk behaviors is the great missing piece of AIDS prevention .
The criticisms that Faith Communities Engage the HIV / AIDS Crisis levies against the ABC approach are hardly original and do not face up to the evidence that this approach has proved effective in various settings ” so much so that it was endorsed by a landmark 2004 statement in The Lancet signed by more than 150 public health experts and leaders from around the world .
Marshall and Keough claim that an ABC approach is insufficient because it does not ­recognize the role of voluntary counseling and testing ( a measure that has been shown to have no effect in preventing new HIV infections , however important it is as a gateway to treatment ) ; does not address prevention of mother - to - child transmission ( a matter that the ABC approach , which targets sexual transmission , makes no claims to address ) ; does not address the care of orphans and vulnerable children ( clearly also beyond the scope of a prevention approach ) ; and does not address women ’s risk of becoming infected even if they do practice faithfulness .
This is akin to criticizing smoking - cessation programs because they do not ­provide chemotherapy for those suffering from lung cancer or do not impose regulations on secondhand smoke and air pollution .
The Georgetown report clearly gets it wrong when it states that , for the ABC approach “ to be effective , abstinence and fidelity must be practiced by both partners . ”
In fact , abstinence is always 100 percent effective in preventing sexual transmission when practiced by an individual .
As for fidelity , it is certainly true that sexually faithful people may be infected by unfaithful partners ” but this is true for men as well as for women .
Proponents of the ABC approach do not claim that it confers total protection ” for one thing , even consistent condom use reduces risk by , at best , 80 to 90 percent .
Yet people ( even women whose husbands are unfaithful ) can reduce their own risk by choosing to practice faithfulness .
More important , when ABC behaviors are promoted at a population level , risky ­sexual behaviors ( particularly multipartner sex ) are reduced , and a population - level decline in HIV infections is seen .
Marshall and Keough promote the SAVE approach , developed by ANERELA + , a network of African clergy led by Gideon Byamugisha .
( SAVE stands for S afe sexual practices , A ccess to treatment , V oluntary counseling and testing , and E mpowerment . )
“ The objective in developing such a new approach , ” the authors explain , “ is to move away from judgmental , moralizing stigma , and towards a more positive approach . ”
The problem with SAVE , however , is that three of the four components have already been demonstrated to have no effect on reducing new HIV infections .
Only the S , safe sexual practices , truly addresses prevention ” and in a sufficiently vague way that it provides no clear call for changes in sexual behavior that will actually reduce transmission .
Moreover , in the AIDS world , “ safe sex ” is understood to mean condom use .
Criticizing the ABC approach has evidently been something of a crusade for Byamugisha , an Anglican priest , as he has made clear in multiple public statements .
Byamugisha does not represent the views of most Ugandan or African clergy , and the SAVE approach is more a political statement than a guide to AIDS prevention .
The Georgetown report tells us : “ While the ‘ mainstream ’ HIV / AIDS program and global communities accept that widespread availability of condoms and promotion of condom use are major elements in successful HIV / AIDS prevention strategies , a focus on condoms is contentious for some religious communities because it contradicts the core recommended strategy of abstinence before marriage and faithfulness within marriage . ”
In fact , the mainstream HIV / AIDS community has continued to champion condom use as critical in all types of HIV epidemics , in spite of the evidence .
While high rates of condom use have contributed to fewer infections in some high - risk populations ( prostitutes in concentrated epidemics , for instance ) , the situation among Africa ’s general populations remains much different .
It has been clearly established that few people outside a handful of high - risk groups use condoms consistently , no matter how vigorously condoms are promoted .
Inconsistent condom usage is ineffective ” and actually associated with higher HIV infection rates due to “ risk compensation , ” the tendency to take more sexual risks out of a false sense of personal safety that comes with using condoms some of the time .
A UNAIDS - commissioned 2004 review of evidence for condom use concluded , “ There are no definite examples yet of generalized epidemics that have been turned back by prevention programs based primarily on ­condom promotion . ”
A 2000 article in The Lancet similarly stated , “ Massive increases in condom use world - wide have not translated into demonstrably improved HIV control in the great majority of countries where they have occurred . ”
Faith communities are not shutting their eyes to evidence when they choose to emphasize the “ core recommended strategy of abstinence before marriage and faithfulness within marriage . ”
These behaviors have , in fact , proved far more effective than condom use in curbing HIV transmission for the vast majority of any population .
A 2001 study of condom use in rural Uganda found that only 4.4 percent of the population reported consistent usage in the previous year , a rate that is probably typical of much of Africa .
In contrast to the estimated 95 percent or more of Africans who did not practice consistent condom use in the past year , studies from all over Africa show a solid majority of men and women reporting fidelity over the past year , with a majority of unmarried young men and women reporting abstinence .
The Georgetown report devotes several paragraphs to the position of the Catholic Church on condom usage and the apparent “ nuance ” within Catholic communities on the issue .
The report seems to imply that the Church ’s teaching on condom usage is detrimental to the fight against AIDS , while recognizing the Church ’s contribution to prevention through promotion of abstinence and faithfulness .
( For instance , the authors note that Pope John Paul II chose to emphasize abstinence and faithfulness rather than directly criticizing condom use . )
The report also erroneously claims that Protestant evangelicals are “ among the staunchest supporters of the U.S. Government PEPFAR ( President ’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ) earmark for ‘ abstinence only ’ prevention programs . ”
This is mistaken .
There is no such “ abstinence only ” earmark within PEPFAR , nor are the great majority of Protestant groups who receive PEPFAR funds implementing abstinence - only programs .
Current PEPFAR guidance recommends that two - thirds of funds for the prevention of sexual transmission of HIV be allocated to abstinence - until - marriage and faithfulness or partner - reduction programs .
This amounts to less than 7 percent of PEPFAR funds .
Among recipients of these funds , faith - based organizations such as World Vision , World Relief , and Samaritan ’s Purse implement programs that emphasize abstinence and faithfulness but also include accurate information on condoms ” in other words , a comprehensive ABC approach , the approach known to work best .
Marshall and Keough are right to call faith communities to action in defending the rights of women and protecting women and girls from violence , coercion , and exploitation .
Yet the presence of gender inequality does not negate the need for , and effectiveness of , approaches that focus on sexual responsibility and behavior change .
On the contrary , central to faithfulness interventions ” as stated clearly in the PEPFAR Guidance document for implementing “ B ” programs within a context of ABC ” is the focus on changing male behavior in particular .
If protecting highly vulnerable women and girls in patriarchal societies is a genuine goal rather than a political posture , then there must be explicit strategies for discouraging men from sexual abuse , rape , infidelity , and seduction of minor females .
Furthermore , women must be empowered to refuse unwanted sex ( as one of us , Edward Green , has been arguing in publications since 1988 ) , not simply to “ negotiate condom use . ”
Thus far , research has produced no evidence that condom promotion ” or indeed any of the range of risk - reduction interventions popular with donors ” has had the desired impact on HIV - infection rates at a population level in high - prevalence generalized epidemics .
This is true for treatment of sexually ­transmitted infections , voluntary counseling and ­testing , diaphragm use , use of experimental vaginal microbicides , safer - sex counseling , and even income - ­generation projects .
The interventions relying on these measures have failed to decrease HIV - infection rates , whether implemented singly or as a package .
One recent randomized , controlled trial in Zimbabwe found that even possible synergies that might be achieved through “ integrated implementation ” of “ control strategies ” had no impact in slowing new infections at the population level .
In fact , in this trial there was a somewhat higher rate of new infections in the intervention group compared to the control group .
The one medical intervention that has now been proven effective according to the highest standards of scientific research is male circumcision , which reduces a man ’s risk of HIV transmission by more than half .
Lack of male circumcision , along with high rates of long - term concurrent sexual partnerships , likely accounts for the hyperepidemics of southern Africa .
But even many advocates of male circumcision believe that it needs to be promoted along with partner ­reduction .
Meanwhile , the other interventions that have generally been called “ best practices ” simply do not seem to work in generalized epidemics , even though they are still applauded loudly at global AIDS conferences , while mention of fidelity and abstinence is received by booing , as Bill Gates discovered at the International AIDS Conference in Toronto in 2006 .
If we are to progress beyond science - by - popular - acclaim , we must accept that the evidence is much stronger for fidelity or partner reduction than for any of the standard - package HIV - prevention measures ” in Africa at least ” and so we need to rethink and reprogram AIDS - prevention interventions .
Admittedly , changing direction is hard when there has been massive investment in these “ best practices . ”
It is not in the interest of a multibillion - dollar global AIDS industry to endorse interventions that are low - cost and homegrown and that rely on simple behavior change rather than medical products or services provided by outside experts .
And so the major donors of AIDS programs continue to do the same things , expecting different results .
The authors of the Georgetown report reflect this popular but misguided opinion , despite mounting evidence to the contrary .
That ’s a shame , for a report like Faith Communities Engage the HIV / AIDS Crisis offered an opportunity to rethink the failing group consensus and to point toward the central fact that has emerged from all the recent studies of the HIV epidemic :
What the churches are called to do by their theology turns out to be what works best in AIDS prevention .
Edward C. Green is the director of the AIDS Prevention Research Project at the Harvard Center for Population and Development Studies , where Allison Herling Ruark is a research fellow .
Illingworth has uploaded hundreds of videos to the website .
The one he was charged over , thought to have been created by a Russian circus performer , had already been published widely across the internet and shown on US TV news shows .
The clip can still be found online and has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times .
Emery said the case was a unique test of Australia 's laws regarding internet use and the implications of the charges were enormous for every user of the internet .
Illingworth faces a maximum penalty of 10 years ' imprisonment for each charge .
Queensland Police 's brief of evidence , handed to the defence last month and seen by this website , centres on a witness statement from Susan Cadzow , specialist pediatrician at Royal Brisbane Children 's Hospital .
The footage , viewed by Cadzow , shows an adult male vigorously swinging a baby by the arms but at the end of the clip the baby is shown laughing and smiling .
Cadzow thought it represented child abuse .
" The child 's demeanour at the end of the video would seemingly suggest that no significant injury has occurred .
However , it does not exclude the presence of a [ hidden ] injury , " Cadzow said in her statement .
Illingworth , a father of four , had no involvement in the creation of the video .
He says he has been admitted to hospital several times since being charged and claims the stress of the case has exacerbated his health problems .
" This charge could impact on every Australian who surfs the net , downloads a file and shares it with others , " Emery said .
" In theory this could extend to people who just pass on amusing emails and email images which seem to criss - cross work computers every day .
" Some of these emails contain images which poke fun or belittle certain people .
Does this mean any depicting children , even in a humorous way , could be deemed abuse ? "
The arresting officer , Detective Senior Constable Richard Libke , said in his witness statement that a forensic search of Illingworth 's home and work computers found no items or images of interest .
Illingworth has no criminal or traffic history .
He is next scheduled to appear in Maroochydore Magistrates Court on March 19 .
He said he posted a disclaimer under the clip on Liveleak warning people of potential injuries resulting from copying the behaviour depicted and asked anyone with information on the origins of the video to contact Liveleak .
Illingworth , an administrator of Liveleak , said information he had given to overseas police relating to other videos on the site had resulted in arrests , such as the case of US teens who published a video showing them abusing a cat .
Emery questioned the prosecution policies of Queensland Police 's Task Force Argos , which investigates online predators and child abusers .
" Who made the decision to prosecute a man with child abuse - related charges for sharing a file he did not create , of images not filmed in Australia , taken from a foreign website ? "
Queensland Police said it was a crime " to participate in the exploitation and abuse of children by seeking to view , possess , make or distribute child - abuse or child exploitation material " .
It provided a definition of " child - abuse material " , which was any material that shows a person under the age of 18 who " is , or appears to be , a victim of torture , cruelty or physical abuse " .
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
The explosive video that purports to show Vice President Joe Biden ’s daughter Ashley snorting cocaine was shot with a hidden camera , RadarOnline.com has learned .
And as the scandal grows , the lawyer trying to peddle the tape while representing the man who shot it has quit .
Tom Dunlap , an attorney for the Washington , D.C. firm Dunlap , Grubb and Weaver has dropped the seller of the tape as a client .
Click here to read the exclusive report of the tape and its contents .
Dunlap told RadarOnline.com early Sunday that he is no longer involved in the attempted sale of the video and informed his client he would not continue to represent him .
The lawyer said he did not want to be involved due to circumstances surrounding the publicity of the matter .
On Saturday , RadarOnline.com broke the story that a video showing a woman who is allegedly Ashley Biden snorting cocaine has been shopped to several media entities .
The woman on the tape appears identical to 27 - year - old Ashley .
CLICK HERE FOR SNAPSHOTS OF ASHLEY ’S LIFE
The New York Post , a British newspaper and the National Enquirer were shown the tape and asked to bid on it .
RadarOnline.com has seen the video , but did not offer to pay for it .
The woman in the tape looks identical to Ashley and is clearly seen snorting several lines of white powder .
Despite contrary reports , RadarOnline.com has learned that the tape was shot with a hidden camera by the seller and made without the knowledge of the woman who is said to be the vice president ’s daughter .
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : Vice President Biden ’s Daughter Caught Up In Cocaine Scandal
Our viewing of portions of the tape is consistent with that .
The low , tilted angle of the camera and the actions of the woman both indicate the camera was not in plain view .
The tape was shot last month at a party in a house in Wilmington , Delaware .
We have also learned that the seller of the tape did not receive any written bids for it .
Ashley is the youngest of three siblings .
She is also the only child of Joe and his second wife Jill .
Attempts to reach Ashley for comment have been unsuccessful .
The vice president has been a leader in the war on drugs , created the Drug Czar post and sponsored much anti-drug legislation .
( Photo : Getty )
As the economy of the UK slides into recession for the first time since the early nineties we can be certain which strata of society are going to be affected by capitals current phase .
It is not going to be the rich monkeys who caused this mess .
Well when we say caused this mess , capitalism itself is a mess .
Staggering from crisis to crisis like a depressed drunkard on a monday morning capitalisms current quandary poses us some pertinent questions .
The questions that now face us are not the ones that we will see in the national press .
How we can do our bit by only taking one foriegn holiday a year or maybe not replacing our living room furniture quite yet .
The questions that face us have much greater weight than such vain middle class liberalism .
How are we going to ensure that we , as a class , do not bear the brunt of the effects .
How are we going to ensure that this does not happen again ?
Who did shoot JR ?
We have already seen the state begin its attack against our class with the attack upon those in receipt of benefits .
We shall soon see even greater cuts in the public sector , the NHS , our children ’s schools and the facilities our communities require .
Wages are going to be slashed as the cost of living continues to rise .
This will all have potentially devastating effects on our communities .
In order to allay the worst of the effects of this recession we need to build unity within our communities along lines of class .
It ’s only by working together will we be able to create and maintain the structures we need to stop our lives getting shat on even further by the powers that be and the rich parasites they serve .
We need a network of residents associations that can work together to set up co-ops so that we can take advantage of mass buying in orderr to provide ourselves with affordable and healthy food .
We need these associations so that we can resist rises in rent and tax that are sure to be pushed through if we do not resist .
We need to rebuild the mutual aid networks that resisted the imposition of the Poll Tax so many years ago and prevented the state from carrying out a single warrant sale in Scotland .
We need to revive the spirit of Red Clydeside !
The second task before us however is the greater one .
How is it that we prevent this from happening again ?
This is a task of gargantuan proportion that seems so daunting as to wither even the boldest of hearts .
It is not so intimidating however once we realise our collective power and how mighty we are when we stand side by side .
We need to completely restructure our society so that we do not base production upon generating profit for the few but on providing what is needed for all .
The amount of work that needs to be done in order to keep civilisation running smoothly is minuscule when you consider how many pairs of hands there are to keep it running , 6,000,000,000 and counting !
Organised efficiently we can free ourselves of laborious and pointless work and free our time up for liesure and bettering ourselves .
In a world where production is organised for the good of all there will be no traders bartering the rest of us into poverty for their own gain .
With all decisions made at a local level and larger matters resolved through a federation of residents associations and workplace councils there will be no way any one group can rip off any other .
We all need one another in this world and its only by working together that we can ensure that the greed of the few does not destroy the world of the many .
Here ’s to stopping the recession !
Here ’s to a peoples bailout !
Here ’s to revolution !
Anyone interested in these ideas can feel free to get in contact via glasgow [ at ] afed.org.uk
Introduction by the Health Ranger : The United States claims to be the world leader in medicine .
But there 's a dark side to western medicine that few want to acknowledge :
The horrifying medical experiments performed on impoverished people and their children all in the name of scientific progress .
Many of these medical experiments were conducted on people without their knowledge , and most were conducted as part of an effort to seek profits from newly approved drugs or medical technologies .
Today , the medical experiments continue on the U.S. population and its children .
From the mass drugging of children diagnosed with fictitious behavioral disorders invented by psychiatry to the FDA 's approval of mass - marketed drugs that have undergone no legitimate clinical trials , our population is right now being subjected to medical experiments on a staggering scale .
Today , nearly 50 % of Americans are on a least one prescription drug , and nearly 20 % of schoolchildren are on mind - altering amphetamines like Ritalin or antidepressants like Prozac .
This mass medication of our nation is , in every way , a grand medical experiment taking place right now .
But to truly understand how this mass experimentation on modern Americans came into being , you have to take a close look at the horrifying history of conventional medicine 's exploitation of people for cruel medical experiments .
WARNING : What you are about to read is truly shocking .
You have never been told this information by the American Medical Association , nor drug companies , nor the evening news .
You were never taught the truth about conventional medicine in public school , or even at any university .
This is the dark secret of the U.S. system of medicine , and once you read the true accounts reported here , you may never trust drug companies again .
These images are deeply disturbing .
We print them here not as a form of entertainment , but as a stern warning against what might happen to us and our children if we do not rein in the horrifying , inhumane actions of Big Pharma and modern - day psychiatry .
Now , I introduce this shocking timeline , researched and authored by Dani Veracity , one of our many talented staff writers here at Truth Publishing .
Read at your own risk .
- The Health Ranger
The true U.S. history of human medical experimentation
Human experimentation -- that is , subjecting live human beings to science experiments that are sometimes cruel , sometimes painful , sometimes deadly and always a risk -- is a major part of U.S. history that you wo n't find in most history or science books .
The United States is undoubtedly responsible for some of the most amazing scientific breakthroughs .
These advancements , especially in the field of medicine , have changed the lives of billions of people around the world -- sometimes for the better , as in the case of finding a cure for malaria and other epidemic diseases , and sometimes for the worse ( consider modern " psychiatry " and the drugging of schoolchildren ) .
However , these breakthroughs come with a hefty price tag :
The human beings used in the experiments that made these advancements possible .
Over the last two centuries , some of these test subjects have been compensated for the damage done to their emotional and physical health , but most have not .
Many have lost their lives because of the experiments they often unwillingly and sometimes even unwittingly participated in , and they of course can never be compensated for losing their most precious possession of all :
Their health .
As you read through these science experiments , you 'll learn the stories of newborns injected with radioactive substances , mentally ill people placed in giant refrigerators , military personnel exposed to chemical weapons by the very government they served and mentally challenged children being purposely infected with hepatitis .
These stories are facts , not fiction : Each account , no matter how horrifying , is backed up with a link or citation to a reputable source .
These stories must be heard because human experimentation is still going on today .
The reasons behind the experiments may be different , but the usual human guinea pigs are still the same -- members of minority groups , the poor and the disadvantaged .
These are the lives that were put on the line in the name of " scientific " medicine .
( 1833 )
( 1845 )
( 1895 )
( 1896 )
( 1900 )
Dr. William Beaumont , an army surgeon physician , pioneers gastric medicine with his study of a patient with a permanently open gunshot wound to the abdomen and writes a human medical experimentation code that asserts the importance of experimental treatments , but also lists requirements stipulating that human subjects must give voluntary , informed consent and be able to end the experiment when they want .
Beaumont 's Code lists verbal , rather than just written , consent as permissible ( Berdon ) .( 1845 - 1849 ) J. Marion Sims , later hailed as the " father of gynecology , " performs medical experiments on enslaved African women without anesthesia .
These women would usually die of infection soon after surgery .
Based on his belief that the movement of newborns ' skull bones during protracted births causes trismus , he also uses a shoemaker 's awl , a pointed tool shoemakers use to make holes in leather , to practice moving the skull bones of babies born to enslaved mothers ( Brinker ) .
New York pediatrician Henry Heiman infects a 4 - year - old boy whom he calls " an idiot with chronic epilepsy " with gonorrhea as part of a medical experiment ( " Human Experimentation : Before the Nazi Era and After " ) .
Dr. Arthur Wentworth turns 29 children at Boston 's Children 's Hospital into human guinea pigs when he performs spinal taps on them , just to test whether the procedure is harmful ( Sharav ) .
U.S Army doctors working in the Philippines infect five Filipino prisoners with plague and withhold proper nutrition to create Beriberi in 29 prisoners ; four test subjects die ( Merritte , et al .
Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
Under commission from the U.S. surgeon general , Dr. Walter Reed goes to Cuba and uses 22 Spanish immigrant workers to prove that yellow fever is contracted through mosquito bites .
Doing so , he introduces the practice of using healthy test subjects , and also the concept of a written contract to confirm informed consent of these subjects .
While doing this study , Dr. Reed clearly tells the subjects that , though he will do everything he can to help them , they may die as a result of the experiment .
He pays them $ 100 in gold for their participation , plus $ 100 extra if they contract yellow fever ( Berdon , Sharav ) .
( 1906 )
( 1911 )
( 1913 )
( 1915 )
( 1918 )
( 1919 )
( 1931 )
Harvard professor Dr. Richard Strong infects prisoners in the Philippines with cholera to study the disease ; 13 of them die .
He compensates survivors with cigars and cigarettes .
During the Nuremberg Trials , Nazi doctors cite this study to justify their own medical experiments ( Greger Sharav ) .
Dr. Hideyo Noguchi of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research publishes data on injecting an inactive syphilis preparation into the skin of 146 hospital patients and normal children in an attempt to develop a skin test for syphilis .
Later , in 1913 , several of these children 's parents sue Dr. Noguchi for allegedly infecting their children with syphilis ( " Reviews and Notes : History of Medicine : Subjected to Science : Human Experimentation in America before the Second World War " ) .
Medical experimenters " test " 15 children at the children 's home St. Vincent 's House in Philadelphia with tuberculin , resulting in permanent blindness in some of the children .
Though the Pennsylvania House of Representatives records the incident , the researchers are not punished for the experiments ( " Human Experimentation : Before the Nazi Era and After " ) .
Dr. Joseph Goldberger , under order of the U.S. Public Health Office , produces Pellagra , a debilitating disease that affects the central nervous system , in 12 Mississippi inmates to try to find a cure for the disease .
One test subject later says that he had been through " a thousand hells . "
In 1935 , after millions die from the disease , the director of the U.S Public Health Office would finally admit that officials had known that it was caused by a niacin deficiency for some time , but did nothing about it because it mostly affected poor African - Americans .
During the Nuremberg Trials , Nazi doctors used this study to try to justify their medical experiments on concentration camp inmates ( Greger Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
In response to the Germans ' use of chemical weapons during World War I , President Wilson creates the Chemical Warfare Service ( CWS ) as a branch of the U.S. Army .
Twenty - four years later , in 1942 , the CWS would begin performing mustard gas and lewisite experiments on over 4,000 members of the armed forces ( Global Security , Goliszek ) .
( 1919 - 1922 ) Researchers perform testicular transplant experiments on inmates at San Quentin State Prison in California , inserting the testicles of recently executed inmates and goats into the abdomens and scrotums of living prisoners ( Greger ) .
Cornelius Rhoads , a pathologist from the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research , purposely infects human test subjects in Puerto Rico with cancer cells ; 13 of them die .
Though a Puerto Rican doctor later discovers that Rhoads purposely covered up some of details of his experiment and Rhoads himself gives a written testimony stating he believes that all Puerto Ricans should be killed , he later goes on to establish the U.S. Army Biological Warfare facilities in Maryland , Utah and Panama , and is named to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission , where he begins a series of radiation exposure experiments on American soldiers and civilian hospital patients ( Sharav Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
( 1931 - 1933 ) Mental patients at Elgin State Hospital in Illinois are injected with radium - 266 as an experimental therapy for mental illness ( Goliszek ) .
( 1932 )
( 1937 )
( 1939 )
( 1941 )
( 1932 -1972 ) The U.S. Public Health Service in Tuskegee , Ala. diagnoses 400 poor , black sharecroppers with syphilis but never tells them of their illness nor treats them ; instead researchers use the men as human guinea pigs to follow the symptoms and progression of the disease .
They all eventually die from syphilis and their families are never told that they could have been treated ( Goliszek , University of Virginia Health System Health Sciences Library ) .
Scientists at Cornell University Medical School publish an angina drug study that uses both placebo and blind assessment techniques on human test subjects .
They discover that the subjects given the placebo experienced more of an improvement in symptoms than those who were given the actual drug .
This is first account of the placebo effect published in the United States ( " Placebo Effect " ) .
In order to test his theory on the roots of stuttering , prominent speech pathologist Dr. Wendell Johnson performs his famous " Monster Experiment " on 22 children at the Iowa Soldiers ' Orphans ' Home in Davenport .
Dr. Johnson and his graduate students put the children under intense psychological pressure , causing them to switch from speaking normally to stuttering heavily .
At the time , some of the students reportedly warn Dr. Johnson that , " in the aftermath of World War II , observers might draw comparisons to Nazi experiments on human subjects , which could destroy his career " ( Alliance for Human Research Protection ) .
Dr. William C. Black infects a 12 - month - old baby with herpes as part of a medical experiment .
At the time , the editor of the Journal of Experimental Medicine , Francis Payton Rous , calls it " an abuse of power , an infringement of the rights of an individual , and not excusable because the illness which followed had implications for science " ( Sharav ) .
An article in a 1941 issue of Archives of Pediatrics describes medical studies of the severe gum disease Vincent 's angina in which doctors transmit the disease from sick children to healthy children with oral swabs ( Goliszek ) .
Drs. Francis and Salk and other researchers at the University of Michigan spray large amounts of wild influenza virus directly into the nasal passages of " volunteers " from mental institutions in Michigan .
The test subjects develop influenza within a very short period of time ( Meiklejohn ) .
Researchers give 800 poverty - stricken pregnant women at a Vanderbilt University prenatal clinic " cocktails " including radioactive iron in order to determine the iron requirements of pregnant women ( Pacchioli ) .
( 1942 )
The United States creates Fort Detrick , a 92 - acre facility , employing nearly 500 scientists working to create biological weapons and develop defensive measures against them .
Fort Detrick 's main objectives include investigating whether diseases are transmitted by inhalation , digestion or through skin absorption ; of course , these biological warfare experiments heavily relied on the use of human subjects ( Goliszek ) .
U.S. Army and Navy doctors infect 400 prison inmates in Chicago with malaria to study the disease and hopefully develop a treatment for it .
The prisoners are told that they are helping the war effort , but not that they are going to be infected with malaria .
During Nuremberg Trials , Nazi doctors later cite this American study to defend their own medical experiments in concentration camps like Auschwitz ( Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
The Chemical Warfare Service begins mustard gas and lewisite experiments on 4,000 members of the U.S. military .
Some test subjects do n't realize they are volunteering for chemical exposure experiments , like 17 - year - old Nathan Schnurman , who in 1944 thinks he is only volunteering to test " U.S. Navy summer clothes " ( Goliszek ) .
In an experiment sponsored by the U.S. Navy , Harvard biochemist Edward Cohn injects 64 inmates of Massachusetts state prisons with cow 's blood ( Sharav ) .
Merck Pharmaceuticals President George Merck is named director of the War Research Service ( WRS ) , an agency designed to oversee the establishment of a biological warfare program ( Goliszek ) .
( 1943 )
( 1944 )
In order to " study the effect of frigid temperature on mental disorders , " researchers at University of Cincinnati Hospital keep 16 mentally disabled patients in refrigerated cabinets for 120 hours at 30 degrees Fahrenheit ( Sharav ) .
As part of the Manhattan Project that would eventually create the atomic bomb , researchers inject 4.7 micrograms of plutonium into soldiers at the Oak Ridge facility , 20 miles west of Knoxville , Tenn . ( " Manhattan Project : Oak Ridge " ) .
Captain A. W. Frisch , an experienced microbiologist , begins experiments on four volunteers from the state prison at Dearborn , Mich. , inoculating prisoners with hepatitis - infected specimens obtained in North Africa .
One prisoner dies ; two others develop hepatitis but live ; the fourth develops symptoms but does not actually develop the disease ( Meiklejohn ) .
Laboratory workers at the University of Minnesota and University of Chicago inject human test subjects with phosphorus - 32 to learn the metabolism of hemoglobin ( Goliszek ) .
( 1944 - 1946 ) In order to quickly develop a cure for malaria -- a disease hindering Allied success in World War II -- University of Chicago Medical School professor Dr. Alf Alving infects psychotic patients at Illinois State Hospital with the disease through blood transfusions and then experiments malaria cures on them ( Sharav ) .
A captain in the medical corps addresses an April 1944 memo to Col.
Stanford Warren , head of the Manhattan Project 's Medical Section , expressing his concerns about atom bomb component fluoride 's central nervous system ( CNS ) effects and asking for animal research to be done to determine the extent of these effects : " Clinical evidence suggests that uranium hexafluoride may have a rather marked central nervous system effect ...
It seems most likely that the F [ code for fluoride ] component rather than the T [ code for uranium ] is the causative factor ...
Since work with these compounds is essential , it will be necessary to know in advance what mental effects may occur after exposure . "
The following year , the Manhattan Project would begin human - based studies on fluoride 's effects ( Griffiths and Bryson ) .
The Manhattan Project medical team , led by the now infamous University of Rochester radiologist Col. Safford Warren , injects plutonium into patients at the University 's teaching hospital , Strong Memorial ( Burton Report ) .
( 1945 )
Continuing the Manhattan Project , researchers inject plutonium into three patients at the University of Chicago 's Billings Hospital ( Sharav ) .
The U.S. State Department , Army intelligence and the CIA begin Operation Paperclip , offering Nazi scientists immunity and secret identities in exchange for work on top - secret government projects on aerodynamics and chemical warfare medicine in the United States ( " Project Paperclip " ) .
Researchers infect 800 prisoners in Atlanta with malaria to study the disease ( Sharav ) .
( 1945 - 1955 ) In Newburgh , N.Y. , researchers linked to the Manhattan Project begin the most extensive American study ever done on the health effects of fluoridating public drinking water ( Griffiths and Bryson ) .
( 1946 )
Gen . Douglas MacArthur strikes a secret deal with Japanese physician Dr. Shiro Ishii to turn over 10,000 pages of information gathered from human experimentation in exchange for granting Ishii immunity from prosecution for the horrific experiments he performed on Chinese , Russian and American war prisoners , including performing vivisections on live human beings ( Goliszek , Sharav ) .
Male and female test subjects at Chicago 's Argonne National Laboratories are given intravenous injections of arsenic - 76 so that researchers can study how the human body absorbs , distributes and excretes arsenic ( Goliszek ) .
Continuing the Newburg study of 1945 , the Manhattan Project commissions the University of Rochester to study fluoride 's effects on animals and humans in a project codenamed " Program F . "
With the help of the New York State Health Department , Program F researchers secretly collect and analyze blood and tissue samples from Newburg residents .
The studies are sponsored by the Atomic Energy Commission and take place at the University of Rochester Medical Center 's Strong Memorial Hospital ( Griffiths and Bryson ) .
( 1946 - 1947 ) University of Rochester researchers inject four male and two female human test subjects with uranium - 234 and uranium - 235 in dosages ranging from 6.4 to 70.7 micrograms per one kilogram of body weight in order to study how much uranium they could tolerate before their kidneys become damaged ( Goliszek ) .
Six male employees of a Chicago metallurgical laboratory are given water contaminated with plutonium - 239 to drink so that researchers can learn how plutonium is absorbed into the digestive tract ( Goliszek ) .
Researchers begin using patients in VA hospitals as test subjects for human medical experiments , cleverly worded as " investigations " or " observations " in medical study reports to avoid negative connotations and bad publicity ( Sharav ) .
The American public finally learns of the biowarfare experiments being done at Fort Detrick from a report released by the War Department ( Goliszek ) .
( 1946 - 1953 ) The U.S. Atomic Energy Commission sponsors studies in which researchers from Harvard Medical School , Massachusetts General Hospital and the Boston University School of Medicine feed mentally disabled students at Fernald State School Quaker Oats breakfast cereal spiked with radioactive tracers every morning so that nutritionists can study how preservatives move through the human body and if they block the absorption of vitamins and minerals .
Later , MIT researchers conduct the same study at Wrentham State School ( Sharav , Goliszek ) .
Human test subjects are given one to four injections of arsenic - 76 at the University of Chicago Department of Medicine .
Researchers take tissue biopsies from the subjects before and after the injections ( Goliszek ) .
( 1947 )
Col. E.E. Kirkpatrick of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) issues a top - secret document ( 707075 ) dated Jan .
8 . In it , he writes that " certain radioactive substances are being prepared for intravenous administration to human subjects as a part of the work of the contract " ( Goliszek ) .
A secret AEC document dated April 17 reads , " It is desired that no document be released which refers to experiments with humans that might have an adverse reaction on public opinion or result in legal suits , " revealing that the U.S. government was aware of the health risks its nuclear tests posed to military personnel conducting the tests or nearby civilians ( Goliszek ) .
The CIA begins studying LSD 's potential as a weapon by using military and civilian test subjects for experiments without their consent or even knowledge .
Eventually , these LSD studies will evolve into the MKULTRA program in 1953 ( Sharav ) .
( 1947 - 1953 ) The U.S. Navy begins Project Chatter to identify and test so - called " truth serums , " such as those used by the Soviet Union to interrogate spies .
Mescaline and the central nervous system depressant scopolamine are among the many drugs tested on human subjects ( Goliszek ) .
( 1948 )
( 1950 )
Based on the secret studies performed on Newburgh , N.Y. residents beginning in 1945 , Project F researchers publish a report in the August 1948 edition of the Journal of the American Dental Association , detailing fluoride 's health dangers .
The U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) quickly censors it for " national security " reasons ( Griffiths and Bryson ) .( 1950 - 1953 ) The CIA and later the Office of Scientific Intelligence begin Project Bluebird ( renamed Project Artichoke in 1951 ) in order to find ways to " extract " information from CIA agents , control individuals " through special interrogation techniques , " " enhance memory " and use " unconventional techniques , including hypnosis and drugs " for offensive measures ( Goliszek ) .
( 1950 - 1953 ) The U.S. Army releases chemical clouds over six American and Canadian cities .
Residents in Winnipeg , Canada , where a highly toxic chemical called cadmium is dropped , subsequently experience high rates of respiratory illnesses ( Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
In order to determine how susceptible an American city could be to biological attack , the U.S. Navy sprays a cloud of Bacillus globigii bacteria from ships over the San Francisco shoreline .
According to monitoring devices situated throughout the city to test the extent of infection , the eight thousand residents of San Francisco inhale five thousand or more bacteria particles , many becoming sick with pneumonia - like symptoms ( Goliszek ) .
Dr. Joseph Strokes of the University of Pennsylvania infects 200 female prisoners with viral hepatitis to study the disease ( Sharav ) .
Doctors at the Cleveland City Hospital study changes in cerebral blood flow by injecting test subjects with spinal anesthesia , inserting needles in their jugular veins and brachial arteries , tilting their heads down and , after massive blood loss causes paralysis and fainting , measuring their blood pressure .
They often perform this experiment multiple times on the same subject ( Goliszek ) .
Dr. D. Ewen Cameron , later of MKULTRA infamy due to his 1957 to1964 experiments on Canadians , publishes an article in the British Journal of Physical Medicine , in which he describes experiments that entail forcing schizophrenic patients at Manitoba 's Brandon Mental Hospital to lie naked under 15 - to 200 - watt red lamps for up to eight hours per day .
His other experiments include placing mental patients in an electric cage that overheats their internal body temperatures to 103 degrees Fahrenheit , and inducing comas by giving patients large injections of insulin ( Goliszek ) .
( 1951 )
The U.S. Navy 's Project Bluebird is renamed Project Artichoke and begins human medical experiments that test the effectiveness of LSD , sodium pentothal and hypnosis for the interrogative purposes described in Project Bluebird 's objectives ( 1950 ) ( Goliszek ) .
The U.S. Army secretly contaminates the Norfolk Naval Supply Center in Virginia and Washington , D.C. 's National Airport with a strain of bacteria chosen because African - Americans were believed to be more susceptible to it than Caucasians .
The experiment causes food poisoning , respiratory problems and blood poisoning ( Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
( 1951 - 1952 ) Researchers withhold insulin from diabetic patients for up to two days in order to observe the effects of diabetes ; some test subjects go into diabetic comas ( Goliszek ) .
( 1951 - 1956 ) Under contract with the Air Force 's School of Aviation Medicine ( SAM ) , the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston begins studying the effects of radiation on cancer patients -- many of them members of minority groups or indigents , according to sources -- in order to determine both radiation 's ability to treat cancer and the possible long - term radiation effects of pilots flying nuclear - powered planes .
The study lasts until 1956 , involving 263 cancer patients .
Beginning in 1953 , the subjects are required to sign a waiver form , but it still does not meet the informed consent guidelines established by the Wilson memo released that year .
The TBI studies themselves would continue at four different institutions -- Baylor University College of Medicine , Memorial Sloan - Kettering Institute for Cancer Research , the U.S. Naval Hospital in Bethesda and the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine -- until 1971 ( U.S. Department of Energy , Goliszek ) .
American , Canadian and British military and intelligence officials gather a small group of eminent psychologists to a secret meeting at the Ritz - Carlton Hotel in Montreal about Communist " thought - control techniques . "
They proposed a top - secret research program on behavior modification -- involving testing drugs , hypnosis , electroshock and lobotomies on humans ( Barker ) .
( 1952 )
Military scientists use the Dugway Proving Ground -- which is located 87 miles southwest of Salt Lake City , Utah -- in a series of experiments to determine how Brucella suis and Brucella melitensis spread in human populations .
Today , over a half - century later , some experts claim that we are all infected with these agents as a result of these experiments ( Goliszek ) .
In a U.S. Department of Denfense - sponsored experiment , Henry Blauer dies after he is injected with mescaline at Columbia University 's New York State Psychiatric Institute ( Sharav ) .
At the famous Sloan - Kettering Institute , Chester M. Southam injects live cancer cells into prisoners at the Ohio State Prison to study the progression of the disease .
Half of the prisoners in this National Institutes of Health - sponsored ( NIH ) study are black , awakening racial suspicions stemming from Tuskegee , which was also an NIH - sponsored study ( Merritte , et al . ) .
( 1953 )
( 1953 - 1970 ) The CIA begins project MKNAOMI to " stockpile incapacitating and lethal materials , to develop gadgetry for the disseminations of these materials , and to test the effects of certain drugs on animals and humans . "
As part of MKNAOMI , the CIA and the Special Operations Division of the Army Biological Laboratory at Fort Detrick try to develop two suicide pill alternatives to the standard cyanide suicide pill given to CIA agents and U - 2 pilots .
CIA agents and U - 2 pilots are meant to take these pills when they find themselves in situations in which they ( and all the information they hold in their brains ) are in enemy hands .
They also develop a " microbioinoculator " -- a device that agents can use to fire small darts coated with biological agents that can remain potent for weeks or even months .
These darts can be fired through clothing and , most significantly , are undetectable during autopsy .
Eventually , by the late 1960s , MKNAOMI enables the CIA to have a stockpile of biological toxins -- infectious viruses , paralytic shellfish toxin , lethal botulism toxin , snake venom and the severe skin disease - producing agent Mircosporum gypseum .
Of course , the development of all of this " gadgetry " requires human experimentation ( Goliszek ) .
( 1953 - 1974 ) CIA Director Allen Dulles authorizes the MKULTRA program to produce and test drugs and biological agents that the CIA could use for mind control and behavior modification .
MKULTRA later becomes well known for its pioneering studies on LSD , which are often performed on prisoners or patrons of brothels set up and run by the CIA .
The brothel experiments , known as " Operation Midnight Climax , " feature two - way mirrors set up in the brothels so that CIA agents can observe LSD 's effects on sexual behavior .
Ironically , governmental figures sometimes slip LSD into each other 's drinks as part of the program , resulting in the LSD psychosis - induced suicide of Dr. Frank Olson indirectly at the hands of MKULTRA 's infamous key player Dr. Sidney Gottlieb .
Of all the hundreds of human test subjects used during MKULTRA , only 14 are ever notified of the involvement and only one is ever compensated ( $ 15,000 ) .
Most of the MKULTRA files are eventually destroyed in 1973 ( Elliston ; Merritte , et al. ; Barker ) .
The U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) sponsors iodine studies at the University of Iowa .
In the first study , researchers give pregnant women 100 to 200 microcuries of iodine - 131 and then study the women 's aborted embryos in order to learn at what stage and to what extent radioactive iodine crosses the placental barrier .
In the second study , researchers give 12 male and 13 female newborns under 36 hours old and weighing between 5.5 and 8.5 pounds iodine - 131 either orally or via intramuscular injection , later measuring the concentration of iodine in the newborns ' thyroid glands ( Goliszek ) .
Secretary of Defense Charles Wilson issues the Wilson memo , a top - secret document establishing the Nuremberg Code as Department of Defense policy on human experimentation .
The Wilson memo requires voluntary , written consent from a human medical research subject after he or she has been informed of " the nature , duration , and purpose of the experiment ; the method and means by which it is to be conducted ; all inconveniences and hazards reasonably to be expected ; and effects upon his health or person which may possibly come from his participation in the experiment . "
It also insists that doctors only use experimental treatments when other methods have failed ( Berdon ) .
As part of an AEC study , researchers feed 28 healthy infants at the University of Nebraska College of Medicine iodine - 131 through a gastric tube and then test concentration of iodine in the infants ' thyroid glands 24 hours later ( Goliszek ) .
( 1953 - 1957 ) Eleven patients at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston are injected with uranium as part of the Manhattan Project ( Sharav ) .
In an AEC - sponsored study at the University of Tennessee , researchers inject healthy two - to three - day - old newborns with approximately 60 rads of iodine - 131 ( Goliszek ) .
Newborn Daniel Burton becomes blind when physicians at Brooklyn Doctors Hospital perform an experimental high oxygen treatment for Retrolental Fibroplasia , a retinal disorder affecting premature infants , on him and other premature babies .
The physicians perform the experimental treatment despite earlier studies showing that high oxygen levels cause blindness .
Testimony in Burton v. Brooklyn Doctors Hospital ( 452 N.Y.S.2d875 ) later reveals that researchers continued to give Burton and other infants excess oxygen even after their eyes had swelled to dangerous levels ( Goliszek , Sharav ) .
The CIA begins Project MKDELTA to study the use of biochemicals " for harassment , discrediting and disabling purposes " ( Goliszek ) .
A 1953 article in Clinical Science describes a medical experiment in which researchers purposely blister the abdomens of 41 children , ranging in age from eight to 14 , with cantharide in order to study how severely the substance irritates the skin ( Goliszek ) .
The AEC performs a series of field tests known as " Green Run , " dropping radiodine 131 and xenon 133 over the Hanford , Wash .
site -- 500,000 acres encompassing three small towns ( Hanford , White Bluffs and Richland ) along the Columbia River ( Sharav ) .
In an AEC - sponsored study to learn whether radioactive iodine affects premature babies differently from full - term babies , researchers at Harper Hospital in Detroit give oral doses of iodine - 131 to 65 premature and full - term infants weighing between 2.1 and 5.5 pounds ( Goliszek ) .
( 1954 )
The CIA begins Project QKHILLTOP to study Chinese Communist Party brainwashing techniques and use them to further the CIA 's own interrogative methods .
Most experts speculate that the Cornell University Medical School Human Ecology Studies Program conducted Project QKHILLTOP 's early experiments ( Goliszek ) .
( 1954 - 1975 ) U.S. Air Force medical officers assigned to Fort Detrick 's Chemical Corps Biological Laboratory begin Operation Whitecoat -- experiments involving exposing human test subjects to hepatitis A , plague , yellow fever , Venezuelan equine encephalitis , Rift Valley fever , rickettsia and intestinal microbes .
These test subjects include 2,300 Seventh Day Adventist military personnel , who choose to become human guinea pigs rather than potentially kill others in combat .
Only two of the 2,300 claim long - term medical complications from participating in the study ( " Operation Whitecoat " . )
In a general memo to university researchers under contract with the military , the Surgeon General of the U.S. Army asserts the human experimentation guidelines -- including informed , written consent -- established in the classified Wilson memo ( Goliszek ) .
( 1955 )
In U.S. Army - sponsored experiments performed at Tulane University , mental patients are given LSD and other drugs and then have electrodes implanted in their brain to measure the levels ( Barker , " The Cold War Experiments " ) .
( 1955 - 1957 ) In order to learn how cold weather affects human physiology , researchers give a total of 200 doses of iodine - 131 , a radioactive tracer that concentrates almost immediately in the thyroid gland , to 85 healthy Eskimos and 17 Athapascan Indians living in Alaska .
They study the tracer within the body by blood , thyroid tissue , urine and saliva samples from the test subjects .
Due to the language barrier , no one tells the test subjects what is being done to them , so there is no informed consent ( Goliszek ) .
( 1955 - 1965 ) As a result of their work with the CIA 's mind control experiments in Project QKHILLTOP , Cornell neurologists Harold Wolff and Lawrence Hinkle begin the Society for the Investigation of Human Ecology ( later renamed the Human Ecology Fund ) to study " man 's relation to his social environment as perceived by him " ( Goliszek ) .
( 1956 )
( 1957 )
( 1956 - 1957 ) U.S. Army covert biological weapons researchers release mosquitoes infected with yellow fever and dengue fever over Savannah , Ga. , and Avon Park , Fla. , to test the insects ' ability to carry disease .
After each test , Army agents pose as public health officials to test victims for effects and take pictures of the unwitting test subjects .
These experiments result in a high incidence of fevers , respiratory distress , stillbirths , encephalitis and typhoid among the two cities ' residents , as well as several deaths ( Cockburn and St. Clair , eds . ) .
The U.S. military conducts Operation Plumbbob at the Nevada Test Site , 65 miles northwest of Las Vegas .
Operation Pumbbob consists of 29 nuclear detonations , eventually creating radiation expected to result in a total 32,000 cases of thyroid cancer among civilians in the area .
Around 18,000 members of the U.S. military participate in Operation Pumbbob 's Desert Rock VII and VIII , which are designed to see how the average foot soldier physiologically and mentally responds to a nuclear battlefield ( " Operation Plumbbob " , Goliszek ) .
( 1957 - 1964 ) As part of MKULTRA , the CIA pays McGill University Department of Psychiatry founder Dr. D. Ewen Cameron $ 69,000 to perform LSD studies and potentially lethal experiments on Canadians being treated for minor disorders like post - partum depression and anxiety at the Allan Memorial Institute , which houses the Psychiatry Department of the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal .
The CIA encourages Dr. Cameron to fully explore his " psychic driving " concept of correcting madness through completely erasing one 's memory and rewriting the psyche .
These " driving " experiments involve putting human test subjects into drug- , electroshock - and sensory deprivation - induced vegetative states for up to three months , and then playing tape loops of noise or simple repetitive statements for weeks or months in order to " rewrite " the " erased " psyche .
Dr. Cameron also gives human test subjects paralytic drugs and electroconvulsive therapy 30 to 40 times , as part of his experiments .
Most of Dr. Cameron 's test subjects suffer permanent damage as a result of his work ( Goliszek , " Donald Ewan Cameron " ) .
In order to study how blood flows through children 's brains , researchers at Children 's Hospital in Philadelphia perform the following experiment on healthy children , ranging in age from three to 11 :
They insert needles into each child 's femoral artery ( thigh ) and jugular vein ( neck ) , bringing the blood down from the brain .
Then , they force each child to inhale a special gas through a facemask .
In their subsequent Journal of Clinical Investigation article on this study , the researchers note that , in order to perform the experiment , they had to restrain some of the child test subjects by bandaging them to boards ( Goliszek ) .
( 1958 )
Approximately 300 members of the U.S. Navy are exposed to radiation when the Navy destroyer Mansfield detonates 30 nuclear bombs off the coasts of Pacific Islands during Operation Hardtack ( Goliszek ) .
The U.S. Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) drops radioactive materials over Point Hope , Alaska , home to the Inupiats , in a field test known under the codename " Project Chariot " ( Sharav ) .
( 1961 )
( 1962 )
In response to the Nuremberg Trials , Yale psychologist Stanley Milgram begins his famous Obedience to Authority Study in order to answer his question " Could it be that ( Adolf ) Eichmann and his million accomplices in the Holocaust were just following orders ?
Could we call them all accomplices ? "
Male test subjects , ranging in age from 20 to 40 and coming from all education backgrounds , are told to give " learners " electric shocks for every wrong answer the learners give in response to word pair questions .
In reality , the learners are actors and are not receiving electric shocks , but what matters is that the test subjects do not know that .
Astoundingly , they keep on following orders and continue to administer increasingly high levels of " shocks , " even after the actor learners show obvious physical pain ( " Milgram Experiment " ) .
Researchers at the Laurel Children 's Center in Maryland test experimental acne antibiotics on children and continue their tests even after half of the young test subjects develop severe liver damage because of the experimental medication ( Goliszek ) .
The U.S. Army 's Deseret Test Center begins Project 112 .
This includes SHAD ( Shipboard Hazard and Defense ) , which exposes U.S. Navy and Army personnel to live toxins and chemical poisons in order to determine naval ships ' vulnerability to chemical and biological weapons .
Military personnel are not test subjects ; conducting the tests exposes them .
Many of these participants complain of negative health effects at the time and , decades later , suffer from severe medical problems as a result of their exposure ( Goliszek , Veterans Health Administration ) .
The FDA begins requiring that a new pharmaceutical undergo three human clinical trials before it will approve it .
From 1962 to 1980 , pharmaceutical companies satisfy this requirement by running Phase I trials , which determine a drug 's toxicity , on prison inmates , giving them small amounts of cash for compensation ( Sharav ) .
( 1963 )
Chester M. Southam , who injected Ohio State Prison inmates with live cancer cells in 1952 , performs the same procedure on 22 senile , African - American female patients at the Brooklyn Jewish Chronic Disease Hospital in order to watch their immunological response .
Southam tells the patients that they are receiving " some cells , " but leaves out the fact that they are cancer cells .
He claims he does n't obtain informed consent from the patients because he does not want to frighten them by telling them what he is doing , but he nevertheless temporarily loses his medical license because of it .
Ironically , he eventually becomes president of the American Cancer Society ( Greger Merritte , et al . ) .
Researchers at the University of Washington directly irradiate the testes of 232 prison inmates in order to determine radiation 's effects on testicular function .
When these inmates later leave prison and have children , at least four have babies born with birth defects .
The exact number is unknown because researchers never follow up on the men to see the long - term effects of their experiment ( Goliszek ) .
In a National Institutes of Health - sponsored ( NIH ) study , a researcher transplants a chimpanzee 's kidney into a human .
The experiment fails ( Sharav ) .
( 1963 - 1966 ) New York University researcher Saul Krugman promises parents with mentally disabled children definite enrollment into the Willowbrook State School in Staten Island , N.Y. , a resident mental institution for mentally retarded children , in exchange for their signatures on a consent form for procedures presented as " vaccinations . "
In reality , the procedures involve deliberately infecting children with viral hepatitis by feeding them an extract made from the feces of infected patients , so that Krugman can study the course of viral hepatitis as well the effectiveness of a hepatitis vaccine ( Hammer Breslow ) .
( 1963 - 1971 ) Leading endocrinologist Dr. Carl Heller gives 67 prison inmates at Oregon State Prison in Salem $ 5 per month and $ 25 per testicular tissue biopsy in compensation for allowing him to perform irradiation experiments on their testes .
If they receive vasectomies at the end of the study , the prisoners are given an extra $ 100 ( Sharav , Goliszek ) .
Researchers inject a genetic compound called radioactive thymidine into the testicles of more than 100 Oregon State Penitentiary inmates to learn whether sperm production is affected by exposure to steroid hormones ( Greger ) .
In a study published in Pediatrics , researchers at the University of California 's Department of Pediatrics use 113 newborns ranging in age from one hour to three days old in a series of experiments used to study changes in blood pressure and blood flow .
In one study , doctors insert a catheter through the newborns ' umbilical arteries and into their aortas and then immerse the newborns ' feet in ice water while recording aortic pressure .
In another experiment , doctors strap 50 newborns to a circumcision board , tilt the table so that all the blood rushes to their heads and then measure their blood pressure ( Goliszek ) .
( 1964 )
( 1964 - 1968 ) The U.S. Army pays $ 386,486 ( the largest sum ever paid for human experimentation ) to University of Pennsylvania Professors Albert Kligman and Herbert W. Copelan to run medical experiments on 320 inmates of Holmesburg Prison to determine the effectiveness of seven mind - altering drugs .
The researchers ' objective is to determine the minimum effective dose of each drug needed to disable 50 percent of any given population ( MED - 50 ) .
Though Professors Kligman and Copelan claim that they are unaware of any long - term effects the mind - altering agents might have on prisoners , documents revealed later would prove otherwise ( Kaye ) .
( 1964 - 1967 ) The Dow Chemical Company pays Professor Kligman $ 10,000 to learn how dioxin -- a highly toxic , carcinogenic component of Agent Orange -- and other herbicides affect human skin because workers at the chemical plant have been developing an acne- like condition called Chloracne and the company would like to know whether the chemicals they are handling are to blame .
As part of the study , Professor Kligman applies roughly the amount of dioxin Dow employees are exposed to on the skin 60 prisoners , and is disappointed when the prisoners show no symptoms of Chloracne .
In 1980 and 1981 , the human guinea pigs used in this study would begin suing Professor Kligman for complications including lupus and psychological damage ( Kaye ) .
( 1965 )
The Department of Defense uses human test subjects wearing rubber clothing and M9A1 masks to conduct 35 trials near Fort Greely , Ala. , as part of the Elk Hunt tests , which are designed to measure the amount of VX nerve agent put on the clothing of people moving through VX - contaminated areas or touching contaminated vehicles , and the amount of VX vapor rising from these areas .
After the tests , the subjects are decontaminated using wet steam and high - pressure cold water ( Goliszek ) .
As part of a test codenamed " Big Tom , " the Department of Defense sprays Oahu , Hawaii 's most heavily populated island , with Bacillus globigii in order to simulate an attack on an island complex .
Bacillus globigii causes infections in people with weakened immune systems , but this was not known to scientists at the time ( Goliszek , Martin ) .
Continue with part two .
[ social_buttons ]
Portuguese environmentalists have condemned the killing of the country ’s last remaining nesting male Iberian Imperial Eagle .
The bird , also known as the Spanish Imperial Eagle ( Aquila adalberti ) , is one of the three rarest birds of prey on the planet , with only around 400 surviving , and is classified as ‘ vulnerable to extinction ’ in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
According to a statement by environmental groups , including SOS Lynx , A Nossa Terra and Almargem , the incident occurred next to the eagle ’s nest between February 21 and 23 in the Vale do Guadiana natural park , close to the country ’s southeastern border with Spain – the bird ’s killers remain at large .
Speaking about the senseless act , Miguel Rodrigues , of SOS Lynx , said , “ Irrational attitudes constitute one of the main barriers to predator conservation in Spain and Portugal .
If predator persecution cannot be adequately controlled , the future recovery of many important predator species will be in doubt . ”
The shooting has been described as a ‘ disaster ’ for the recovery of the species in Portugal , and threatens the prolonged survival of other important predators , such the the Iberian lynx , the most endangered feline species in the world .
Image Credit – Vlaskop via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
The benefits of exercise to your health are a lot .
If you want to keep your health in good levels then this means that you need to take care of yourself both physically and mentally .
The five key elements for better health are : physical exercise , proper nutrition , good energy , good psychology , relaxation and health habits .
In your daily lives you should include regular exercise to keep fit .
Jogging , cycling , swimming , squat rack and walking are all good ways to keep the body alert and full of energy .
This article explains the benefits of exercise to the human body and mind and gives a framework on how and when to exercise .
Benefits of exercise
1. Exercise can reduce the risk of heart attacks and stroke
Many studies have shown that a systematic and satisfactory physical exercise can significantly reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
The importance of exercise in reducing cardiovascular events are so great that can be compared to the benefits of quitting smoking , the reduction of high blood pressure or the reduction of cholesterol in the blood .
Known health risk factors that are positively affected by exercise are : regulation of the metabolism , improving the levels of cholesterol and blood lipids , normalization of blood pressure and reduced body weight .
Regular exercise increases the efficiency of the heart and so it gets tired less during intense effort .
This is because the heart , due to exercise , is learning to operate more slowly and to adapt better to the aerobic conditions requiring less energy in order to operate .
Regular exercise should not be limited to healthy people .
In contrast , patients who passed a coronary heart surgery or a stroke should be encouraged to begin physical exercise because the benefits are immeasurably beneficial in relation to the small risk that they have from exercising .
Moreover , today all Cardiac Surgery centres throughout the world after coronary surgery ( by pass ) indicate to their patients to practice regular exercise such as walking , to prevent the re-narrowing of the coronary arteries and improving collateral circulation .
There is evidence that regular exercise reduces the risk of sudden death in patients suffering from coronary insufficiency by increasing the diameter of coronary arteries and collateral circulation , and reduces sensitivity to coronary artery spasm .
2. Exercise can help prevent hypertension
Regular physical exercise reduces both the high ( systolic ) and the low ( diastolic ) blood pressure .
This reduction which can reach 10 mm or even more it is considered an important therapy .
Especially for people suffering from mild to moderate hypertension , which can bring pressure back to normal levels .
3. Exercise can help prevent osteoporosis
Osteoporosis is a dangerous situation , which is characterized by weakening of the bones because of the lack of calcium and other minerals .
The bone mass is increasing during childhood and adolescence age .
The more bone mass acquired in those ages , the less is the changes of osteoporosis .
The vibrant and active in terms of exercise children and young adults , have far more bone mass than children playing and exercising less .
After childhood , the bone density remains unchanged until 40 - 50 and then begins to decline .
The men at all ages have greater bone density than women .
After 40 - 50 the bone mass starts to decline at the same rate in both sexes , except during the menopause period in women which accelerates bone mass loss .
That is why women have more changes to experience a fracture than men .
The easy hip fractures in the wrist and vertebrae are normal manifestations of osteoporosis .
Regular exercise can help delay osteoporosis and is considered the most effective way for prevention .
Women of all ages , from 20 - 80 years who exercise at least three times a week , have significantly greater bone density than women who do not exercise .
In fact , today all programs for the prevention of osteoporosis include regular physical exercise .
4. Exercise can help prevent diabetes in adults
The usual physical activity prevents the emergence of diabetes in adults .
Laboratory studies have shown that physical activity increases the sensitivity of cells to insulin and glucose tolerance .
This explains the beneficial effect of exercise in preventing diabetes .
In addition , people who have already expressed diabetes , exercise helps significantly in their metabolism , leading to reduce the need for anti-diabetic pills or insulin .
5. Exercise can help prevent cancer
Several recent epidemiological studies have shown that physically active people are significantly less likely to have breast cancer and colorectal cancer compared with people who are not exercised .
6. Exercise can help improve nervous disorders
Exercising regularly can significantly improve the condition of people who suffer from stress and depression .
The sense of physical well being obtained by exercise has a positive impact on the psychological mood of the person and thus helping to relax and free off the unnecessary stress .
People who are treated with antidepressants should consult their doctor for reducing or stopping their medication , because exercise cannot replace other therapies in all cases .
7. Exercise can delay aging and its consequences
It is known that increasing age is accompanied by progressive loss of muscular strength , reducing the mobility of joints , reducing resistance , easy fatigue , and shortness of breath , constipation and instability .
Physical activity can prevent many of these events , delaying the onset of the effects of aging .
There is much evidence showing that the naturally active people have significantly fewer chances compared with the inactive people to end up in bed or wheel chair or to break a leg or arm .
Overall exercise has a number of other benefits .
It can also assist you on how to loose love handles fast
How to exercise properly and safety ?
1. Exercise only when you feel good .
2 . Do not exercise immediately after eating .
Wait at least 2 hours .
3. Give attention to weather conditions .
Avoid exercising at high temperatures specially when you are tired in your work .
At temperatures above 22 - 25th Celsius drink a lot of liquids before and after exercise .
The exercise is better tolerated at low temperature and light breeze .
4 . When walking or running , take care of uphill .
Reduce your speed and intensity .
5. Exercise with light clothes and sports shoes .
Particularly avoid synthetic clothes that do not allow the body to “ breathe ” and always wear a hat in the sun .
6 . Consult your doctor as to what exercises will be beneficial for your body and condition .
7 . For your heart the most beneficial exercise is aerobic exercise .
Walking is the best example .
8. Learn to identify any symptoms of heart problems during exercise :
Discomfort in the upper part of the body such as chest , hand and neck .
The discomfort can vary in intensity and can be a pain , burning , tightness or pressure .
Fainting during or after exercise .
Although it may not be due to your heart , stop exercising and consult your doctor .
Shortness of breath .
The frequency and depth of breathing naturally increase with exercise but should not cause discomfort or difficulty in speaking .
The rate of lung function should be restored in less than 5 minutes after the end of the exercise .
9 . The following symptoms may indicate that you are exercising at a rate more than you can handle :
Inability to complete a particular program
Weakness having a conversation during exercise
Dizziness or nausea
Chronic fatigue
Insomnia
Pain in the joints .
10 .
Always start slowly and gradually increase the intensity of the exercise .
Give a chance to your heart to adapt properly to exercise .
( CNN ) --
Beyond the golden beaches and beneath the blue waters of the Puerto Rican island of Vieques is a site that resembles more of a munitions graveyard than a Caribbean paradise .
James Porter measures a 2,000 - pound Navy bomb in the waters off the Caribbean island of Vieques .
Hundreds of corroding and unexploded bombs litter the sea floor , leaking toxins and taking a toll on nearby marine life .
The munitions were left by the U.S. Navy , which had a training site on Vieques for six decades .
" We know that these munitions are leaking cancer - causing materials and endangering sea life , " said marine ecologist James Porter , associate dean of the Odum School of Ecology at the University of Georgia , who recently completed a research trip to Vieques .
Responding to a request by the governor 's office of Puerto Rico , Porter tested the island 's waters for the presence of radioactive material surrounding the sunken USS Killen , a World War II - era destroyer used as target practice for Navy missiles .
Instead , Porter stumbled upon another finding : cancer .
He discovered that feather duster worms , sea urchins and various types of coral found near bombs and bomb fragments contained high levels of carcinogenic material -- in some cases 100,000 times more than what is considered safe for commercially edible seafood .
" We have not yet traced these contaminants from the reef to the dinner table , but we definitely know these contaminants are in the marine ecosystem , " he said .
Porter was scheduled to present his findings Thursday at the Second International Dialogue on Underwater Munitions in Honolulu , Hawaii .
The conference brings together scientists , military officials and underwater technology companies to discuss how to identify and clean up hazardous undersea munitions dumps from the Caribbean to the Baltic Sea .
" Any country that has a coastline and has ever had war is going to be a place where you can find this problem , " said Porter , who warns that removing underwater munitions takes careful planning .
" If you pick up a bomb , you pick up a problem . "
Vieques , which lies just east of Puerto Rico 's mainland , has had a long history of U.S. military involvement .
The Navy used the island as its main Atlantic training site for 60 years before pulling out in 2003 .
In 2005 , the Environmental Protection Agency designated portions of Vieques Island a Superfund site , classified under a federal program to clean up the nation 's hazardous waste .
The U.S. Navy has allocated an estimated $ 350 million in recent years to clean up areas of Vieques where unexploded bombs could come into contact with residents or tourists , said Christopher Penny , head of the U.S Navy 's Vieques Restoration Project .
But these efforts so far have been limited to the land and shoreline .
Vieques is one of many ocean sites around the world affected by abandoned ordnances , said scientists and military officials .
" In the U.S. and countries around the world going back to World War II , it was common practice to ... take munitions to a site well offshore and dispose of [ them ] , " said Addison Davis , Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Environment , Safety and Occupational Health .
That changed in 1982 , when the United Nations passed the Law of the Sea Treaty , which made it illegal for countries to dump excess weapons in open waters .
But cleaning up after history has its own unique challenges .
One of the many political and environmental obstacles to addressing this issue is the lack of a munitions " map . "
There is no national or international registry that can pinpoint where these dump sites are , Porter said .
Many of the bombs also have been corroded by saltwater over decades , making it more difficult for restoration crews to identify and safely remove them .
Toxic elements such as TNT , mustard gas and the chemical weapon Lewisite also can be hard to detect in large bodies of water .
" It is a combination of looking at the safety , health and environmental risks and establishing levels for the cleanup , " said the Army 's Davis .
One highlight of this week 's conference in Honolulu is the Army 's plan to remove old explosive rounds dumped in the shallow waters of Pokai Bay off Oahu's Wai'anae Coast , an area known as Ordnance Reef .
The Army has allocated about $ 4 million to clean up the area , which is estimated to hold more than 2,000 explosives .
" What we 're going to attempt to do is look at those munitions in the water that have the greatest potential for harm for people and the environment and to go after those first , " said Davis .
Conventional and chemical weapons have historically been detonated or left to corrode , which presents a challenge when cleaning up ordnances from the sea floor .
But a retired Navy bomb - disposal technician has invented a remotely operated vehicle he says can find , collect and dispose of these munitions in a safe way .
James Barton calls his prototype an Ordinance Removal System .
The machine picks up unexploded bombs off the sea floor and delivers them to a lift basket for surface disposal or deep - sea burial .
It is operated remotely with toggle switches and relies on an underwater hydraulic system designed by Barton , president of Underwater Ordnance Recovery Inc .
" I built this technology to help this problem , because people want these munitions out of the water , " Barton said .
Scientists and military officials hope Porter 's findings and Barton 's device will help bring attention to an environmental problem that for years has been out of sight , out of mind .
" The environmental cost , preparation and training for war has huge environmental impacts that normally are not considered , " Porter said .
" We normally think of this kind of defense as national security .
But in the long term we live on one planet , and taking care of that is maybe our best self - preservation and self - defense . "
All About Marine Animals • U.S. Navy Activities
" Left to his own devices he couldnt build a toaster .
He could just about make a sandwich and that was it . "
Mostly Harmless , Douglas Adams , 1992
The book of The Toaster Project has been published !
It is available of course from Amazon , or from the publisher , Princeton Architectural Press , or ( hopefully ) ' from all good bookshops ' .
A bit more about the Toaster Project is online here ( this is getting slightly out of date however ) , or at thomasthwaites.com ... the project continues to develop !
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
STS - 119 : The programs
In advance of shuttle Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station , managers from both programs discuss the flight .
Play
STS - 119 : The mission
A detailed preview of Discovery 's mission to deliver and activate the space station 's final power truss is provided in this briefing .
Play
STS - 119 : Spacewalks
Four spacewalks are planned during Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station .
Play
STS - 119 : The Crew
The Discovery astronauts , led by commander Lee Archambault , meet the press in the traditional pre-flight news conference .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
Shuttle Discovery 's launch delayed at least one week
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : February 3 , 2009 ;
Updated after news conference
Launch of shuttle Discovery on a mission to deliver a final set of solar arrays to the international space station has been delayed at least one week , to no earlier than Feb. 19 , to give engineers additional time to assess the health of critical hydrogen flow control valves that keep the ship 's external tank pressurized during the climb to space .
Launch had been targeted for 7:32:11 a.m. on Feb. 12 , but senior managers at an executive - level flight readiness review held at the Kennedy Space Center today decided not to set an official launch date and to meet again next Tuesday , on Feb. 10 , to assess the results of ongoing engineering analyses .
If the valve issue is resolved , a launch on Feb. 19 would occur at 4:41:47 a.m.
Docking with the space station would be targeted for around 1:06 a.m. on Feb. 21 with the first of four spacewalks starting around 10:11 p.m. on Feb. 22 .
Additional spacewalks would be planned for Feb. 24 , 26 and 28 , beginning between 9:41 p.m. and 8:11 p.m.
Undocking would be expected around 6:39 p.m. on March 2 , with landing back at the Kennedy Space Center a few minutes before 11 p.m. on March 4 .
Going into today 's FRR , shuttle and space station managers faced a variety of issues .
On the shuttle front , engineers were still discussing recent problems with flow control valves used to pressurize the ship 's hydrogen fuel tank during the climb to space .
Each shuttle features three such valves , one associated with each main engine , that operate like lawn sprinklers , popping up as required to route hydrogen gas to the external tank to maintain the internal pressure needed to feed propellant to the main engines .
During the most recent launch last November , one of the three flow control valves aboard the shuttle Endeavour began allowing more hydrogen to pass through than expected .
The other two valves reduced flow to maintain the proper pressure and the shuttle 's climb to space was uneventful .
After landing , engineers discovered a small crack and missing material on the lip of the valve in question .
NASA managers ordered all the valves in Endeavour , Discovery and Atlantis removed for detailed inspections .
One other valve was found to have a crack .
Based on electron microscope inspections , engineers concluded the defect was the result of high - cycle fatigue .
A fresh set of vales that flew previously on Discovery and were known to be in pristine condition was installed for launch .
But engineers were surprised that fatigue played a role .
" It 's just like a pop - up lawn sprinkler , " said shuttle Program Manager John Shannon .
" When you want to flow gaseous hydrogen from the main engines to the external tank to pressurize that tank , it pops up a little bit and allows that flow .
What happened on STS - 126 ( in November ) is that a small little piece of it , about the size of the tip end of your thumbnail , liberated , it broke off .
" That was a big surprise to us , because it 's really not in an environment where we would expect to have that kind of fatigue .
It only cycles about 15 times during the flight .
It slowly goes up and down .
So it was a surprise that it broke off . "
Engineers at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , used computational fluid dynamics to model the hydrogen flow environment in the system .
What they found explained what happened .
" The way the flow goes across the top of that valve , just like the harmonic resonance you get when you blow over the top of a Coke bottle , was making it vibrate , " Shannon said .
" That vibration , if it lined up just with the right structural mode , could end up stressing that piece and causing high cycle fatigue .
That was a great bit of investigative work by both the Marshall team and the Johnson Space Center engineering team . "
So far so good .
Engineers thought they understood the problem and given the pristine valves now aboard Discovery , mission managers had a good rationale for pressing ahead with launch .
But Shannon said today past experience showed " we had a failure of imagination in past design issues .
We did n't take it a step further .
The guys took it a step further and said OK , the piece is small and it was fine on STS - 126 but what if that piece came off at maybe a different time or maybe had a different angle going down the pipe ?
Could it rupture the tube or could it cause any damage to the tube so we would lose some of the pressurization in the external tank ? "
The valves are critical to safe shuttle operation .
Even though the tanks are equipped with pressure relief valves to prevent over - pressurization , such venting could expose the shuttle to hydrogen in its immediate environment .
At the other extreme , a loss of pressure could lead to premature engine shutdown .
And even if the tank maintained the proper pressure , metallic debris possibly could rupture a pressurization line with catastrophic results .
Launch was delayed to give engineers time to finish a series of tests , firing small bits of metallic debris into targets similar to the pressurization lines to find out what might happen in a truly worst - case scenario .
" We do n't expect there to be an issue , " Shannon said .
" We looked at the witness marks of where the little poppet hit on 126 and there were no issues at all .
We could see little gouges or scratches where we think that poppet came off and hit .
We do n't expect there to be a problem , but we do n't have the proof in hand .
And we want to go have that proof in hand before we commit to go fly . "
Said Bill Gerstenmaier , director of space operations at NASA Headquarters : " We want to make sure we 've got this right .
This has important consequence to us , so we think standing down a little bit of time and letting the folks �do a little more work is a good thing . "
On the station front , U.S. and Russian managers agreed earlier today not to carry out a planned reboost of the lab complex Wednesday .
During a reboost maneuver Jan. 14 using two rocket engines in the Russian Zvezda command module , the station crew and engineers monitoring telemetry noted unexpected vibrations and oscillations in the station structure as the thruster firing progressed .
The issue later was attributed to human error on the ground , and Russian engineers believe there are no technical issues that would prevent a normal reboost using thrusters in the Russian command module or in a docked Progress supply ship .
But station managers today agreed to defer additional reboost maneuvers pending additional analysis to make sure the vibrations posed no structural threat to the station and that future firings go smoothly .
" There were a number of areas of concern , where initial indications were we had violated design limits for mechanical loads , " said Mike Suffredini , space station program manager at the Johnson Space Center .
Areas susceptible to damage from such loads include the aft command module , the connection between the station 's huge solar power truss and the top of the U .S. lab module , the docking port where the lab connects to the Unity module and the rotary joint on the left side of the station that repositions two outboard solar arrays .
From a purely structural standpoint , the station 's design loads were exceeded by 150 percent during the January reboost maneuver .
But when factored in with thermal stresses the station experiences in orbit , engineers concluded no critical safety margins were exceeded .
" The teams worked over the last week and a half or so and at the end of this last weekend cleared the structure both for strength and for the 15 - year life , " Suffredini said .
" So we have found that even though we did excite the stack and created a wonderful video for everyone to watch , we did n't , in fact , shorten the design life of ISS .
We did , of course , put more cycles on it than we had planned .
So we did shorten its life whatever it is , but it certainly did n't affect our design life and we do n't think it really affected significantly the overall life we might otherwise get out of the structure . "
The Russians do not need any additional reboost for launch of a new Progress supply ship Feb. 10 .
Additional rocket firings likely will be carried out in March before launch of a Soyuz ferry craft carrying the next station crew .
As of this writing , that launch is expected to slip one day , from March 25 to March 26 .
Other issues facing NASA managers today included ongoing problems with the space station 's life support system that need to be ironed out to support the planned expansion of the lab 's crew from three to six in May .
Urine recycling gear installed late last year , part of a complex system to recycle water aboard the station , ran into problems right off the bat with a distillation assembly centrifuge .
The station astronauts eventually coaxed it into operation , but it suffered additional problems later and currently is out of action .
A replacement is being launched aboard Discovery .
Other nagging problems facing the station include a high bacteria count in the new potable water system and trouble with U.S. carbon dioxide removal hardware , which is experiencing elevated internal pressure .
Discovery will carry up chemicals to flush the potable water system and Suffredini said spare CO2 removal system components are scheduled for launch in June .
He said the planned crew increase from three to six can take place as planned in May despite those problems , given the amount of fresh water already on board and the planned delivery of fresh water from visiting space shuttles .
But getting the life support system up and running smoothly is critical to the station 's long - term health and to prevent shortages in the event of any extended shuttle delays down the road .
Suffredini said engineers hope to have the system fully operational within the next several months .
" As long as the shuttle is flying pretty much on the schedule we 've planned , we will be able to support six - person crew , " he said .
" We 'll have to get more water from the shuttle than we might otherwise require , but at least we can support six - person crew .
So we do have a little time to sort through those anomalies .
Ultimately , we 'd like to get the distillation assembly working and process all the water we can . "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : NASA OFFICIALS ANNOUNCE LAUNCH DELAY PLAY
VIDEO : SPACE STATION'S VIBRATIONS DURING REBOOST PLAY
VIDEO : INFORMAL NEWS CONFERENCE AT RUNWAY PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS ARRIVE FOR PRACTICE COUNTDOWN PLAY
VIDEO : DISCOVERY POSITIONED ATOP PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EARLY MORNING ROLLOUT FROM THE VAB PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF DISCOVERY ARRIVING AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : DISCOVERY HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CRANE ROTATES DISCOVERY VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY MOVES TO ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NOSE WHEEL LANDING GEAR RETRACTED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF DISCOVERY GOING VERTICAL PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF ASSEMBLY BUILDING CRANE WORK PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF DISCOVERY'S TRIP TO VAB PLAY
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE MOVIE OF PAYLOAD'S MOVE PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE AND STATION PROGRAM UPDATE PLAY
VIDEO : STS - 119 MISSION OVERVIEW BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW BRIEFING ON MISSION'S SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : THE ASTRONAUTS ' PRE - FLIGHT NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
MORE : STS - 119 VIDEO COVERAGE
SUBSCRIBE NOW
EL PASO , Texas | U.S. authorities say that as attention increases on gun running between Mexico and the United States along the border , the illegal trade is emanating from deeper in the United States .
“ We ’re finding guns are n’t just coming from [ the ] Southwest border , ” said William McMahon , deputy assistant director for field operations at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) .
“ We ’re seeing hot spots farther north and east , too . ”
In 2007 , guns recovered in Mexico were traced back to states including Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and Washington state , he said .
Cartels are using long - established drug - smuggling routes that extend deep into the United States to secure and move weapons south , Mr. McMahon said .
Still , “ the majority are from the state of Texas ” and other border states , said Tom Crowley , ATF special agent and spokesman at the Dallas field division .
U.S. officials estimate that 90 percent to 95 percent of guns smuggled into Mexico come from the United States , and ATF officials say that more than 7,700 weapons recovered in Mexico last year were traced to U.S. gun sellers .
The Mexican government estimates that 2,000 firearms are smuggled into the country from the United States every day .
Generally , drug traffickers do n’t move cash and drugs together , Mr. McMahon said .
Cash is a bulky commodity that takes greater resources to move , so drugs are frequently traded for caches of weapons , he said .
Sen . Richard J. Durbin , Illinois Democrat , told a Senate hearing on March 18 that the U.S. and Mexico are connected by what he described as an “ iron river of guns . ”
The Washington Times reported last month that senior U.S. defense officials estimate that the Mexican drug cartels together field more than 100,000 foot soldiers .
The narco - armies are equipped with light weapons , mostly rifles and pistols obtained through the illegal gun trade .
Firefights between cartel members and Mexican government troops often resemble guerrilla war - style engagements .
While heavier armaments such as fragmentation grenades and grenade launchers - shipped primarily by sea or through the porous Mexico - Guatemala border - are becoming increasingly commonplace , the United States is still the prime source for firearms , ATF officials say .
The trade persists despite enforcement efforts .
ATF has tripled its staff along the border under Project Gunrunner , instituted in 2006 to help stem the flow of firearms from the U.S. to Mexico .
Currently , about 200 ATF agents police more than 6,500 licensed firearms dealers in the border states .
“ The agents here are working 24/7 , ” Mr. Crowley said .
Firearms make their way into the hands of smugglers from “ straw man ” purchasers , he said .
A straw man is someone with a clean record who buys firearms from gun shops or gun shows with money furnished by criminals .
The straw man then hands over the weapons , which are smuggled into Mexico .
Straw - man purchasers have no standard profile , Mr. Crowley said , making it difficult for firearms dealers to identify such individuals .
“ They could be anybody .
We have men , women , older people .
It runs the gamut , ” he said .
Emerson Gates , gunsmith at Custom Cartridge Co. in Las Cruces , N.M. , 30 miles from the U.S. - Mexico border , says gun dealers are “ the last line of defense ” against the illegal firearms trade .
Though a buyer might conform to federal guidelines , the dealer has the final say .
If the buyer raises suspicion , for any reason , it ’s the responsibility of the firearm salesman to reject the sale .
“ Sometimes , we do this with what ’s known as an in - store delay , ” Mr. Gates said .
“ Other times , we simply refuse . ”
A common straw - man purchase scenario might involve a young woman who clearly has no interest in firearms , accompanied by a man of “ unsavory ” appearance , Mr. Gates said .
She ’s buying the firearm , but the money is coming out of his pocket .
“ We inform them at that time that we can not sell to them under these circumstances , because it would be a felony for them and a felony for us , ” Mr. Gates said .
“ And I ’m extremely allergic to federal prison . ”
Firearms dealers are occasionally indicted for working directly with drug cartels .
That was the case of a Phoenix - based owner of X - Caliber guns , George Iknadosian , who provided hundreds of AK - 47 assault rifles to the Sinaloa cartel , prosecutors say .
However , Mr. Gates said that was the exception rather than the rule .
“ Generally speaking , we work in fairly close concert with the ATF , ” he said .
“ We do n’t want to see illegal firearms or ammunition going to Mexico . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
BEIJING , March 11 ( Xinhuanet ) --
A seven - year - old U.S. girl , who has six of her organs removed by doctors in order to take a cancerous tumor out of her abdomen , has been discharged from hospital , according to U.S. media reports on Wednesday .
Heather McNamara , from Long Island , New York , underwent a 23 - hour operation involving three different carefully coordinated surgical teams at New York Presbyterian Hospital four weeks ago .
" Her tumor had been called inoperable and surgery was thought to be impossible , " Dr. Herbert Pardes , the president of the hospital said at a news conference .
Lead surgeon Dr. Tomoaki Kato said the tumor was in the abdomen and pancreas and tangled with two major blood vessels .
" She was really sick , she had fluid in the belly , " Kato said .
" She was at risk of major bleeding . "
In order to take out the cancerous growth , a team of seven surgeons and eight clinicians removed six organs , including pancreas , liver , spleen , stomach and small and large intestines , and put them in ice - cold temperatures to prepare the body to receive the reimplanted organs .
But since doctors were unable to reimplant the pancreas , stomach and spleen , McNamara is now diabetic and will require insulin and pancreatic enzyme replacement medication .
McNamara is believed to be the first child and only the second person in the world to have the operation -- referred to as an " auto - transplantation , " according to her doctors .
McNamara is going to have some difficult medical challenges ahead , but her life is no longer in immediate danger .
( Agencies )
8/28/2019 TO VIEW SOME PARTS OF THE GALLERY , YOU MUST NOW REGISTER .
Please e-mail me if you have any problems registering or accessing these albums .
Thank you .
Stop wasting your time watching videos .
Meet these hot Dubai escort girls at SexoDubai.com and have unforgettable time !
Hyung - taekim.org was created to provide an comprehensive image gallery containing the works of the prodigious Hyung - tae Kim , a Korean artist and prague escorts Eintritt zum deutschen Pornochat https://vibragame.net
He has created character designs for the Korean video game company Porn games , who are involved with three popular Korean titles : War of Genesis III , Magnacarta : The Phantom of Avalanche , and Magnacarta : Crimson Stigmata .
His perfect character structures , the stylish and dazzling outfits , and the colours used to emphasizes his characters exceed him beyond others .
His talent and style has captured the eyes of people world wide .
JAV Library
I hope to satisfy their hunger with the effort put into this Web site to provide not only his artwork , but any information I can find .
View updates or visit Raechell 's domain .
Visit the image gallery or use the navigation at the top to browse the rest of the site .
Hottest Pornstars
[ Haskell - cafe ] databases in Haskell & type - safety
On Sat , Jan 03 , 2009 at 10:48:44 AM
+0100 , Gour wrote : >
So , considering that HDBC nicely abstracts API enabling one to easily > switch from e.g. Sqlite3 to Postgres , and it is used as in example for > database programming , it seems as logical ( and the only ) choice for >
Haskell database programming in a real - world ?
Sorry to come to this late , but I figured I 'd jump in a bit , as someone that uses HDBC in the real world .
I would say that database interactions are typically limited to a small part of code .
In small programs , I generally have a DB module that does the queries , and marshals everything to / from the rich Haskell types I define .
Any possible type issues are thus constrained to that small part of code .
HDBC is a low - level abstraction , which can be used on its own or , of course , as a layer underlying Haskell DB or some such .
I do not dispute the use of tools such as HaskellDB or others that try to automate the business of representing a database 's schema -- and queries against it -- using a language 's type system .
There are a lot of these systems in a lot of languages .
I 've used some of them .
And , almost universally , they annoy me .
I find it takes longer to write code with them than without , and often they have issues representing some query that I know I can do easily in SQL but maybe can't as easy in the toolkit .
As an example , when I last looked at HaskellDB in 2005 , I found that it was impossible to do a SELECT without a DISTINCT [ 1 ] .
There are many situations where such a thing is necessary , so I had to discard it for my projects .
HDBC is more similar to Perl 's DBI or Python 's DB - API ( or perhaps a sane version of JDBC ) .
It is a standard interface to SQL RDBMS engines that provides some tools for marshaling data back and forth , but generally leaves you to construct the queries .
It does not really solve the same problem as HaskellDB .
I wrote HDBC because of some issues with HSQL .
I had trouble with segfaults , referencing returned data by column number instead of name , and it did not support replacable parameters .
HDBC supports all of that , and as a result , does not provide any functions to escape data for a SQL engine because its design renders such functions unnecessary .
I have not followed HSQL development since .
So , this was not intended as an HDBC commercial , just more of a braindump as to why I wrote it .
Hope it helps .
HDBC is actively used in mission - critical applications where I work .
We use both the PostgreSQL and ODBC backends in production .
We even use the ODBC backend along with the particularly nefarious ODBC interface for the Progress 4GL database .
I use the Sqlite3 backend quite a bit in my own personal projects , such as hpodder and twidge . >
I 'm not familiar with Takusen which says : " Takusen 's unique selling > point is safety and efficiency ... " and I would appreciate if someone > could shed some more light to its ' safety ' and the present status ? [ 1 ]
http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/2005-August/011026.html
-- John
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - A love story between two badly burned koalas rescued from Australia ’s deadliest bushfires has provided some heart - warming relief after days of devastation and the loss of over 180 lives .
The story of Sam and her new boyfriend Bob emerged after volunteer firefighter Dave Tree used a mobile phone to film the rescue of the bewildered female found cowering in a burned out forest at Mirboo North , 150 km ( 90 miles ) southeast of Melbourne .
Photos and a video of Tree , 44 , approaching Sam while talking gently to her , and feeding her water from a plastic bottle as she put her burned claw in his cold , wet hand quickly hit video sharing website YouTube ( www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XSPx7S4jr4), making her an Internet sensation .
But it was after reaching a wildlife shelter that Sam met and befriended Bob , who was saved by wildlife workers on Friday , two days before Sam , in Boolarra , about 180 km from Melbourne .
Tree , who has been a volunteer firefighter for 26 years , said it was extremely rare to get so close to a koala so he asked his colleague Brayden Groen , 20 , to film him .
“ You can how she stops and moves forward and looks at me .
It was like a look saying “ I ca n’t run , I ’m weak and sore , put me out of my misery , ” ” Tree told Reuters .
“ I yelled out for some water and I sat down with her and tipped the water up .
It was in my hand and she reached for the bottle then put her right claw into my left hand which was cold so it must have given her some pain relief and she just left it there .
It was just amazing . ”
Slideshow ( 6 images )
INSPIRING LOVE STORY
Sam was taken to the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter in Rawson .
Her story was reminiscent of a koala named Lucky who survived the 2003 bushfires that destroyed about 500 homes and killed four people in the capital of Canberra .
Lucky became a symbol of hope .
Colleen Wood from the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter that is caring for Sam and Bob said both koalas were doing well while other animals like possums , kangaroos , and wallabies were also starting to emerge from the debris .
She said Sam had suffered second degree burns to her paws and would take seven to eight months to recover while Bob had three burned paws with third degree burns and should be well enough to return to the bush in about four months .
“ They keep putting their arms around each other and giving each other hugs .
They really have made friends and it is quite beautiful to see after all this .
It ’s been horrific , ” said Wood .
“ Sam is probably aged between two to four going by her teeth and Bob is about four so they have a muchness with each other . ”
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Wood said about 20 koalas had been brought into her shelter in recent days , several of whom had bonded as koalas are known to clump together , but none had garnered the same attention as the new Internet star Sam .
Tree , a volunteer with the Country Fire Authority Victoria , has visited Sam since her rescue and was delighted to see she had found a boyfriend in Bob .
“ They ’ve really taken a shine to each other as they are both burned and share the same burned smell , ” he said .
“ My heart goes out to the people in these fires and this was so innocent so people have used this to distract them from all the sad stuff that has gone on .
It gives people a bit of hope . ”
Donations for bushfire support can be made to the Country Fire Authority Victoria via their websitehere .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The House of Representatives on Wednesday passed President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus package , sending the $ 819 billion bill to the Senate , where it will face more opposition from Republicans .
Preisdent Obama says his economic plan will create or save up to 4 million jobs .
The 244 to 188 vote was mostly along party lines , with 11 Democrats voting against the package .
The Senate is to take up the bill next week .
" I hope that we can continue to strengthen this plan before it gets to my desk , " Obama said after the vote .
" We must move swiftly and boldly to put Americans back to work , and that is exactly what this plan begins to do . "
Hours before the vote , Obama told a group of business leaders at the White House that the country " cannot afford inaction or delay " on the economy at a time when people " are looking to Washington for action -- bold and swift . "
Obama was seeking corporate America 's support for the stimulus package .
Obama said the federal government can " help create a favorable climate in which workers can prosper , businesses can thrive , and our economy can grow .
And that is exactly what the recovery plan I 've proposed is intended to do . "
" Most of the money we 're investing as part of this plan will get out the door immediately and go directly to job creation , generating or saving 3 to 4 million new jobs .
And the vast majority of these jobs will be created in the private sector -- because , as these CEOs well know , business , not government , is the engine of growth in this country , " he said .
The president also promoted the stimulus proposal earlier Wednesday at a meeting with a smaller group of corporate executives , including the heads of Google , JetBlue , Eastman Kodak , Motorola and Xerox .
Watch Obama 's pitch to business leaders »
Obama and House Democrats etched out plans for a broad - reaching package in the weeks leading up to the president 's inauguration , and two House committees have amended and modified the provisions for about $ 550 billion in spending and about $ 275 billion in tax cuts over the past two weeks .
The stimulus bill 's approval in the House on Wednesday was no surprise , because Democrats have an overwhelming majority there .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , on Tuesday called the bill " the most important piece of legislation Congress will vote on this year , " arguing that it supports jobs , tax cuts and accountability to taxpayers .
Several congressional Republicans , however , expressed concern about the large amount of spending in the bill and criticized the tax cut provisions for not going far enough .
Watch the GOP offer an alternative plan »
" This Democrat bill wo n't stimulate anything but more government and more debt , " said Rep. Mike Pence , R - Indiana , on Tuesday .
" House Democrats [ will ] use a time of national crisis to fund big government priorities under the guise of stimulating the economy . "
Obama called for bipartisan cooperation on the bill and met with House Republican leaders Tuesday in an attempt to gain support across both sides of the aisle .
" I do n't expect 100 percent agreement from my Republican colleagues , but I hope that we can put politics aside , " he said after the meeting .
On Tuesday , key Senate committees took up the Senate 's separate but similar version of the bill .
Next week , the full Senate will vote on its version .
Should the Senate and House pass different versions , the two bills would have to be conferenced together .
Then , both chambers would have to vote on the new conference version in the coming weeks .
Analyst Tim Speiss , head of the Wealth Advisory Practice at Eisner LLP , said he believes the final bill will closely mirror the House 's more expensive version , saying provisions that the Senate excluded are likely to be put back in after a compromise .
" You may see a horse trade , but [ the final bill is ] going to look more like the House plan , with only fringes of what the Senate modified , " Speiss said .
Congress has put the legislation on a fast track , as many lawmakers agree that fast action is needed to help pull the economy out of a deep recession .
Democratic leaders have said they aim to get the bill to Obama 's desk for him to sign before Congress ' Presidents Day recess in mid-February .
Even opponents of many of the Democrats ' proposals have said a compromise is likely to be reached by that deadline .
" There 's unanimity that our economy needs help , " House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio said Friday .
" And there 's also a desire to move a package that would help rescue our economy , help American families , small businesses , entrepreneurs and the self - employed . "
CNN 's David Goldman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. House of Representatives
What 's the most powerful weapon you can wield when playing Halo 3 online ?
I know .
You can control the entire map with a battle rifle and a couple of sticky grenades .
But that teeny - bopper you just pwned has you beat with the tiny botnet he leased with his allowance money .
That 's because Xbox Live gamers are increasingly turning to easy - to - use botnet software with names like " Bio Zombie Booter " to exact lingering revenge on their online foes , reports Christopher Boyd at SpyWareGuide.com .
Several programs available online , accompanied by YouTube tutorials , make it easy to sniff out your opponent 's IP address , then aim a few dozen zombie machines at him in a distributed denial - of - service attack .
Steal my flag , will you ?
Enjoy being offline for the rest of the night , newb .
The cyberwar tactic has been an underground * Halo 3 * phenomenon for a while — complaints of DDoSing abound on gamemaker Bungie 's community forum .
But now the botnets are " quickly becoming mainstream , " Boyd reports .
The control software is free , but the entrepreneurial spoilsports behind it sometimes lease the bots for about $ 2 per zombie .
Forty to 60 zombies are recommended to get a decent DDoS going against your enemy 's Xbox 360 .
Of course , the potential market for this malware is limited to those gamers who take Halo so seriously that they 'll commit a felony over it — say , 500,000 or so .
Vitamin supplements can prevent hearing loss in laboratory animals , according to two new studies , bringing investigators one step closer to the development of a pill that could stave off noise - induced and perhaps even age - related hearing loss in humans .
The findings will be reported Wednesday at the Association for Research in Otolaryngology ’s annual conference in Baltimore by senior author Colleen Le Prell , Ph.D. , a researcher at the University of Florida .
The supplements used in the research studies are composed of antioxidants — beta carotene and vitamins C and E — and the mineral magnesium .
When administered prior to exposure to loud noise , the supplements prevented both temporary and permanent hearing loss in test animals .
“ What is appealing about this vitamin ‘ cocktail ’ is that previous studies in humans , including those demonstrating successful use of these supplements in protecting eye health , have shown that supplements of these particular vitamins are safe for long - term use , ” said Le Prell , an associate professor in the UF College of Public Health and Health Professions ’ department of communicative disorders .
About 26 million Americans have noise - induced hearing loss , according to the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders , the agency that funded the studies .
In the first study , UF , University of Michigan and OtoMedicine scientists gave guinea pigs the vitamin supplements prior to a four - hour exposure to noise at 110 decibels , similar to levels reached at a loud concert .
Researchers assessed the animals ’ hearing by measuring sound - evoked neural activity and found that the treatment successfully prevented temporary hearing loss in the animals .
In humans , temporary noise - induced hearing loss , often accompanied by ringing in the ears , typically goes away after a few hours or days as the cells in the inner ear heal .
Because repeated temporary hearing loss can lead to permanent hearing loss , the scientists speculate that prevention of temporary changes may ultimately prevent permanent changes .
In the second , related study in mice , UF , Washington University in St. Louis and OtoMedicine researchers showed that the supplements prevented permanent noise - induced hearing loss that occurs after a single loud sound exposure .
The researchers found that the supplements prevented cell loss in an inner ear structure called the lateral wall , which is linked to age - related hearing loss , leading the scientists to believe these micronutrients may protect the ear against age - related changes in hearing .
“ I am very encouraged by these results that we may be able to find a way to diminish permanent threshold shift with noise exposure , ” said Debara Tucci , M.D. , an associate professor of surgery in the otolaryngology division at Duke University Medical Center .
“ I look forward to hearing Dr. Le Prell ’s work and reviewing her data . ”
The research builds on previous studies that demonstrated hearing loss is not just caused by intense vibrations produced by loud noises that tear the delicate structures of the inner ear , as once thought , said Josef Miller , Ph.D. , who has studied the mechanisms of hearing impairment for more than 20 years and is a frequent collaborator of Le Prell ’s .
Researchers now know noise - induced hearing loss is largely caused by the production of free radicals , which destroy healthy inner ear cells .
“ The free radicals literally punch holes in the membrane of the cells , ” said Miller , the Townsend professor of communicative disorders at the University of Michigan .
Miller is the co-founder of OtoMedicine , a University of Michigan spinoff company that has patented AuraQuell , the vitamin supplement formula used in the studies .
The antioxidant vitamins prevent hearing damage by “ scavenging ” the free radicals .
Magnesium , which is not a traditional antioxidant , is added to the supplement mix to preserve blood flow to the inner ear and aid in healing .
Antioxidant supplements can also provide “ post - noise rescue , ” Le Prell said .
A previous study by Le Prell and Miller showed that antioxidants can protect hearing days after exposure to loud noise .
“ We found that the antioxidant combination of vitamin E and salicylate — the active agent in aspirin — effectively prevented cell death and permanent noise - induced hearing loss even when treatments were delayed up to three days after noise insult , ” she said .
The researchers are collaborating on National Institutes of Health - funded clinical trials of the vitamin supplements in college students at UF who wear MP3 music players , and noise - exposed military troops and factory workers in Sweden and Spain .
If the trials show that the vitamins are as effective in preventing noise - induced hearing loss in humans as they have been in animals , Le Prell and Miller envision an easy - to - use supplement that could come in the form of a pill for people headed to a rock concert , a daily supplement for factory workers or a nutritional bar included in soldiers ’ rations .
“ Ear protection , such as ear plugs , is always the best practice for the prevention of noise - induced hearing loss , but in those populations who do n’t or ca n’t wear hearing protection , for people in which mechanical devices just are n’t enough , and for people who may experience unexpected noise insult , these supplements could provide an opportunity for additional protection , ” Le Prell said .
GAZA CITY , Gaza Strip – Tiny bodies lying side by side wrapped in white burial shrouds .
The cherubic face of a dead preschooler sticking up from the rubble of her home .
A man cradling a wounded boy in a chaotic emergency room after Israel shelled a UN school .
Children , who make up more than half of crowded Gaza 's 1.4 million people , are the most defenceless victims of the war between Israel and Hamas .
The Israeli army has unleashed unprecedented force in its campaign against Hamas militants , who have been taking cover among civilians .
A photo of four - year - old Kaukab Al Dayah , just her bloodied head sticking out from the rubble of her home , covered many front pages in the Arab world Wednesday .
" This is Israel , " read the headline in the Egyptian daily Al - Masry Al - Youm .
The preschooler was killed early Tuesday when an F - 16 attacked her family 's four - storey home in Gaza City .
Four adults also died .
As many as 257 children have been killed and 1,080 wounded , with about a third of the total casualties since Dec. 27 , according to UN figures released today .
Hardest on the children is the sense that nowhere is safe and adults can't protect them , said Iyad Sarraj , a psychologist hunkering down in his Gaza City apartment with his four stepchildren , ages three to 17 .
His 10 - year - old , Adam , is terrified during bombing raids and has developed asthma attacks , Sarraj said .
Israel says it is targeting Hamas in response to its repeated rocket attacks on southern Israel , and is doing its utmost to avoid civilian deaths .
However , foreign aid officials note that civilians can't escape blockaded Gaza and that bombing crowded areas inevitably leads to civilian casualties .
The Israeli military has used tank and artillery shells , as well as large aerial bombs .
In the Shati refugee camp on the Mediterranean , 10 boys were playing football in an alley today when a shell from an Israeli gunboat hit a nearby Hamas prison .
At the sound of the explosion , one of the older boys whistled , a signal to interrupt the game .
Several players took cover with their backs pressed against a wall .
After a minute or two , the game resumed .
Samih Hilal , 14 , said he sneaked out of his grandfather 's house against the orders of his worried father .
The house was crowded with relatives who fled more dangerous areas , he said , and he could n't stand being cooped up for so many hours .
" Do you think we are not afraid ?
Yes , we are .
But we have nothing to do but play , " Samih said .
Another boy , 13 - year - old Yasser , waved toward the unmanned Israeli drones in a defiant gesture , instead of seeking cover during the shelling .
" There is nothing we can do .
Even if we run away here or there , their shells are faster than us , " he said .
Indeed , all of Gaza has become dangerous ground .
Children have been killed in strikes on their houses , while riding in cars with their parents , while playing in the streets , walking to a grocery and even at UN shelters .
Sayed , Mohammed and Raida Abu Aisheh – ages 12 , eight and seven – were at home with their parents when they were all killed in an Israeli air strike before dawn Monday .
The family had remained in the ground floor apartment of their three - storey building , while the rest of the extended clan sought refuge in the basement from heavy bombardment of nearby Hamas installations .
Those in the basement survived .
The children 's uncle , Saber Abu Aisheh , 49 , searched today through the rubble , a heap of cement blocks , mattresses , scorched furniture and smashed TVs .
He said Israel gave no warning , unlike two years earlier when he received repeated calls from the Israeli military , including on his cellphone , that a nearby house was going to get hit and that he should evacuate .
" What 's going on is not a war , it 's a mass killing , " said Abu Aisheh , still wearing the blood - splattered olive - coloured sweater he wore the night of the air strike .
The Israeli military did not comment when asked why the Abu Aisheh house was targeted .
In the Zeitoun neighbourhood of Gaza City , medics found four young children next to their dead mothers in a house , according to the Geneva - based International Committee of the Red Cross .
" They were too weak to stand up on their own , " the statement said .
The Red Cross did not say what happened to the children , but noted that the Israeli army refused rescuers permission to reach the neighbourhood for four days .
Israel said the delay was caused by fighting .
Medic Mohammed Azayzeh said he retrieved the bodies of a man and his two young sons from central Gaza on Wednesday .
One of the boys , a one - year - old , was cradled in his father 's arms .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In the Jebaliya refugee camp , five sisters from the Balousha family , ages four , eight , 11 , 14 and 17 , were buried together in white shrouds on Dec. 29 .
An Israeli air strike on a mosque , presumably a Hamas target , had destroyed their adjacent house .
Only their parents and a baby girl survived .
Israel accuses Hamas of cynically exploiting Gaza 's civilians and using them as human shields .
The military has released video footage showing militants firing mortars from the rooftops of homes and mosques .
" Israel wants to see no harm to the children of Gaza , " said Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev .
" On the contrary , we would like to see their children and our children grow up without the fear of violence .
Until now , Hamas has deliberately prevented that from becoming reality . "
Rocket fire from Gaza has disrupted life in Israeli border communities , and with the latest intensified militant attacks , hundreds of thousands of Israelis are in rocket range .
Schools are closed and fearful Israeli children rush into bomb shelters at the sound of air raid sirens .
In the ongoing chaos of Gaza , it 's difficult to get exact casualty figures .
Since Dec. 27 , at least 750 Palestinians have been killed , according to Gaza Health Ministry official Dr. Moawiya Hassanain .
Of those , 257 were children , according to the UN's top humanitarian official , John Holmes , citing Health Ministry figures that he called credible and deeply disturbing .
" We are talking about urban war , " said Abdel - Rahman Ghandour , the Jordan - based spokesman for UNICEF in the Middle East and North Africa .
" The density of the population is so high , it 's bound to hurt children ...
This is a unique conflict , where there is nowhere to go . "
Successive generations of Gaza children have grown up with violence , part of the accelerating conflict with Israel .
In the late 1980s , many threw stones at Israeli soldiers in a revolt against occupation .
In the second uprising , starting in 2000 , some were recruited by Hamas as suicide bombers .
Sarraj , the psychologist , said he fears for this generation .
Having experienced trauma and their parents ' helplessness , they may be more vulnerable to recruitment by militants .
In his Gaza City apartment , Sarraj tries to reassure his own children .
His 14 - year - old stepdaughter lost her school , the American International School , to a recent air strike , and a girlfriend was killed in another attack .
The family lives in the middle - class Rimal neighbourhood and still has enough fuel to run a generator in the evenings , enabling the children to read .
Yet when the bombings start , he can't distract them .
" They are scared , " he said .
" They run to find the safest place , in the hallway , away from the window . "
It 's the pin-up of our age , gracing homes , shops - even a US embassy .
Jon Henley on the poster we just can't stop buying
Nowadays , of course , it would be farmed out to an expensive communications agency .
Back in the spring of 1939 , it was an anonymous civil servant who was entrusted with finding the slogan for a propaganda poster intended to comfort and inspire the populace should , heaven forbid , the massed armies of Nazi Germany ever cross the Channel .
This was the third in a series .
The first , designed to stiffen public resolve ahead of likely gas attacks and bombing raids , was printed in a run of more than a million and read : Your Courage , Your Cheerfulness , Your Resolution Will Bring Us Victory .
The second , identically styled , stated : Freedom Is In Peril .
From August 1939 , both posters began appearing all over the country , on billboards , in shops , on railway platforms .
The third , though , was held back .
This one was for the real crisis : invasion .
A few may have made their way on to select officials ' walls , but the vast majority of the British public never got to see it .
This poster enjoined : Keep Calm And Carry On .
And suddenly these days , it 's everywhere , from homes to pubs to government offices .
The Lord Chamberlain 's Office at Buckingham Palace , the prime minister 's strategy unit at No 10 , the Serious Fraud Office , the US embassy in Belgium , the vice chancellor of Cambridge University , the Emergency Planning Office at Nottingham council and the officers ' mess in Basra have all ordered posters .
Even David Beckham has the T - shirt , we are told .
For 60 years , the poster had been forgotten .
Then , one day in 2000 , Stuart Manley , co-owner with his wife Mary of Barter Books in Alnwick , Northumberland , was sifting through a box of hardbacks he had bought at auction when he saw " A big piece of paper folded up at the bottom .
I opened it out , and I thought , wow .
That 's quite something .
I showed it to Mary , and she agreed .
So we framed it and put it up on the bookshop wall .
And that 's where it all started . "
Today , you can buy Keep Calm and Carry On mugs , doormats , T - shirts , hoodies , cufflinks , baby clothes and flight bags from any number of retailers .
You can use the design as a screensaver for your computer or mobile phone .
There are even spoofs .
Facsimiles of the poster itself , which Barter Books initially reproduced after a rash of customers asked to buy its copy ( one offered £ 1,000 ) , have sold in their tens of thousands .
Manley has sold some 41,000 posters .
He is not the only one .
Mike Coop of keepcalmandcarryon.com reckons he is shifting 300 - 500 products a week ( and admits to having tried to trademark the phrase ) ; the Keep Calm Gallery 's Lucas Lepola is selling " probably around 500 a month " .
Keep Calm and Carry
On may not yet be in the same league as Athena 's all - time poster hits , Tennis Girl ( 2 m sales ) and Man and Baby ( 5 m ) , but it is clearly striking a chord .
The reasons , experts reckon , are manifold .
Alain Samson , a social psychologist at the London School of Economics , says that in times of difficulty , " people are brought together by looking for common values or purposes , symbolised by the crown and the message of resilience .
The words are also particularly positive , reassuring , in a period of uncertainty , anxiety , even perhaps of cynicism . "
Dr Lesley Prince , who lectures in social psychology at Birmingham University , is blunter still .
" It is a quiet , calm , authoritative , no - bullshit voice of reason , " he says .
" It 's not about British stiff upper lip , really .
The point is that people have been sold a lie since the 1970s .
They were promised the earth and now they 're worried about everything - their jobs , their homes , their bank , their money , their pension .
This is saying , look , somebody out there knows what 's going on , and it 'll be all right " .
To do this , you will need :
A home router ( Wi - Fi or wired )
Computers running the newest version of iTunes
Network hard drive
This project assumes that you are starting from scratch with iTunes .
If not , ( and many people wo n’t be ) details are listed at the end of the article to help you move your existing libraries too .
External hard drives are really common these days .
Most of them connect via USB or Firewire and they provide a great way to store and back - up data .
However , for family members to access the drive , the computer it ’s plugged into must be turned on .
Performance of the host computer will also start to suffer as people access the drive and stream music or movies .
So , while it works , an external PC drive is n’t the best option for this .
What we recommend is a network hard drive like the Western Digital My Book World Edition .
You gain a major advantage because it simply plugs into an open port on your router and does not require a host computer to be turned on to access the device .
It is essentially a “ computer ” [ do we want to use a “ server ” analogy ? ] on it ’s own and you can access it from any other computer on your local area network .
It ’s also really small , about the size of your average router , so it should n’t take up much room .
To start sharing files
First , install the network hard drive and connect it with each computer .
This info can easily be found in the owner ’s manual , and each device varies slightly – some are easier than others .
From one computer on the local area network , you need to access the new drive and create an iTunes home directory .
Normally , on Windows this would be found in userMy DocumentsMy MusiciTunes – but we do n’t want it there .
Create an iTunes folder on the external hard drive – this is where your music will be stored .
Now open iTunes and then the preferences panel ; you ’ll want to specify the new shared network location for the directory you just created .
With the My Book World Edition this is automated and the device shows up in the left navigation of iTunes .
Sharing and accessing the music on the external hard drive
Click on the Sharing tab , there are two options : Look for shared libraries Share my library on my local network Check both of those options .
The first lets you look for others libraries ; the second lets the other computers see your libraries .
This is the somewhat confusing part , as each individual computer can have its own set of shared library files .
For simplicity , I ’d suggest sharing all .
Click on the Advanced tab and now the General tab ; note that this is where you set your iTunes Music Folder Location , which should be the external network hard drive you have .
Now tick the box that states Copy files to iTunes Music Folder when applying to Library .
This will ensure that all new music added to iTunes will be copied into the external hard drive .
Make sure iTunes is installed on all the other computers in your home and replicate these settings .
Everything should be good to go now and you can access and play all media stored on the external device from any computer in your home .
If you already have an existing iTunes library
You ’ll need to change the Music folder location and move the files over .
Change this in the Preferences > Advanced >
General tab by selecting Change , and then select the folder on the network hard drive .
Now copy all the files from the existing iTunes directory on your local computer to the network hard drive , ensuring you include the Album Artwork folder as well as the iTunes Library.itl and iTunes Library.xml files .
Paste them into the iTunes folder you created on your network hard drive and verify the move took place before deleting from your local drive .
If there is a caveat to sharing media over your local network using a network hard drive , it ’s that iTunes purchases are limited to five systems , then they do n’t work .
Using the a network hard drive will free up gobs of space on your computer ’s local hard drive , increase the total amount of space available to store media , and give a safer place to store files .
If you ’re like me and use a laptop , there ’s always a chance it will get dropped in transport or stolen from a car or coffee house , and you do n’t want to run the chance of losing all those media files too !
Written on 3/23/2009 by Elmer Thomas .
Elmer blogs primarily at Thinking Serious which focuses on programming , design , business and productivity content for tech entrepreneurs living in a 2.0 world .
That is , when he is not tickling his entrepreneur itch or consulting .
Photo Credit : volkanoboy
by Don Paskini
In conversation with our star columnist Laurie Penny , James Purnell explained that when it came to welfare reform ” I think the question we need to ask is , ‘ does it work ? , is n’t it ? ”
One of the flagship measures of the welfare reform proposals , supported by the leadership of all three main parties , the media , numerous expert advisers and employment providers alike , is the use of the private and the voluntary sector to get what Purnell charmingly calls “ the stock ” back to work .
During the debate on the Second Reading of the Welfare Reform Bill last week , only two MPs , Katy Clark and Dai Harvard , raised concerns about this .
But , in the words of the Secretary of State , “ does it work ? ”
By happy coincidence , the Financial Times answered this question last Friday :
“ The latest figures show that where the independent sector has become involved with welfare - to - work programmes it is falling way short of delivering the promised jobs .
What is more , the phenomenon was evident even before the recession started to bite . ”
The FT goes on to report that Pathways to Work – a programme aimed at helping get 1 m people off sickness benefits – is running 73 per cent short of its target , and that overall , the private sector - led employment programmes have delivered 60 per cent of the expected jobs in the six months to September , while consuming 98 per cent of the expected expenditure .
The private companies which lobbied so hard for these contracts have lost a lot of money , and one of the biggest , Reed in Partnership , is planning restructuring that may lead to redundancies .
In other words , they have managed to design the scheme so badly that not only is it totally failing to meet its own targets , but the more money the government tries to give to private companies to help people get jobs , the more likely those companies are to get into financial trouble and have to sack their own workers .
I ’m guessing that the “ solution ” to this in the short term will be higher levels of corporate welfare – private companies will be offered more money in the next round of contracts and required to do less in terms of helping people get jobs .
Because the cross-party alliance behind these reforms would rather do that then admit that on any remotely reasonable examination of the evidence , regardless of ideological affiliation , they are wrong and the left - wing of the Labour Party and trade unions are right , and amend the welfare reform proposals accordingly .
Back before James Purnell slithered onto the scene , in December 2007 , I wrote about the direction of the welfare reform agenda :
“ But it is not entirely fanciful to suggest that in the future , there might not be more jobs than at present .
With the state of the global economy , trouble in the public finances and so on , it might well be the case that there are fewer jobs available , and that many people wo n’t be able to get a job , no matter how hard they look for one .
So I asked one of the proponents of Welfare Reform what would happen in such a scenario .
His answer was that the entire system is based on the assumption that the number of jobs will continue to rise indefinitely , and would have to be totally redesigned if this were no longer the case .
( This is someone who supports the reforms ) .
There are parts of the country , and millions of people , who have still not recovered from the devastation of mass unemployment in the 1980s .
If mass unemployment returns to Britain , then people will have to cope with benefits which are lower than under Thatcher , and be required by a system which is not fit for purpose to spend their time searching for jobs which do not exist .
Those that do n’t comply will have their benefits cut or stopped entirely .
Meanwhile , more of the resources available will be spent on advisers monitoring that people are searching for the jobs which do n’t exist , and punishing them if they fail to do so .
There are many different ways of addressing this risk and trying to deal with it , but what bothers me is that it is n’t even being considered .
So the point when support from the welfare state is most needed is exactly the same as the point when the new system becomes not fit for purpose . ”
“ Mr. Sorkin can continue to represent Mr. Madoff in this matter , ” Judge Chin said .
In a filing of charges immediately after the hearing , prosecutors said that Mr. Madoff faced a statutory maximum sentence of 150 years , but also must make restitution and face fines of “ twice the gross gain . ”
In addition , Mr. Madoff will be required to forfeit the proceeds from the scheme , the filing said .
Judge Chin , at Tuesday ’s hearing , noted however , that the sentencing guidelines used by prosecutors were based on “ currently available information ” and may not be binding .
In a letter filed with the court on Tuesday morning , government prosecutors had argued that none of the conflicts were so serious that Mr. Madoff could not legally waive them and retain Mr. Sorkin , whom he hired shortly before he was arrested on Dec. 11 .
Mr. Madoff is accused of operating a vast Ponzi scheme .
The first issue identified by the government arises from Mr. Sorkin ’s role in defending two accountants , Frank Avellino and Michael Bienes , in a civil case filed by federal regulators in 1992 .
In that case , which the two men settled without admitting or denying any wrongdoing , they were accused of selling unregistered securities from 1962 to 1992 and investing the proceeds with Mr. Madoff .
No accusations were made against Mr. Madoff in that case .
Because Mr. Sorkin ended his representation of the two accountants more than a decade ago , and neither of them have sought to disqualify him from this case , prosecutors argued that Mr. Madoff could waive that potential conflict of interest .
The other two conflicts arise from investments Mr. Sorkin and members of his family had with Mr. Madoff over the years .
The first concerns accounts that Mr. Sorkin ’s parents , who are deceased , had with Mr. Madoff .
When Mr. Sorkin ’s mother died in 2007 , the last of those accounts was closed and the money was transferred to Mr. Sorkin ’s sons , who could become the focus of lawsuits aimed at recovering that money for investors .
India credit card scam exposed Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A criminal gang selling UK credit card details stolen from Indian call centres has been exposed by an undercover BBC News investigation .
Reporters posing as fraudsters bought UK names , addresses and valid credit card details from a Delhi - based man after receiving a tip off .
The seller later denied any wrongdoing and Symantec corporation , from whom three victims bought a product via a call centre , called the incident " isolated " .
Allan Little reports from Dehli .
SEE ALSO
Going undercover to expose the fraudsters ( 02.40 )
Credit card fraudster confronted ( 01.16 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
7 Meditations is an informational meditation self awareness and stress reduction website .
We need all to de-stress .
Breathing exercises are great to reduce stress but what does one do when that does n't work .
We need to learn how to practice self - awareness and not retreat into our own minds .
Often we get overwhelmed making our stress worse .
The trick is getting content with our dilemmas .
Self - awareness is not just about self but your entire world , your environmental interactions .
Self - awareness
The Dictionary Definitions are ;
conscious knowledge of one 's own character and feelings .
an awareness of one 's own personality or individuality
Self - awareness in Psychology
Self - Awareness is defined as the accurate appraisal and understanding of your abilities and preferences and their implications for your behaviour and their impact on others .
It ’s reality - testing ; a calibration against the facts of life .
-- Adrian Furnham Ph.D. Source
Emotional Intelligence
Emotional intelligence is all about understanding your emotional world inside and out .
On how you treat your self and others .
There no escaping the credit crunch and now more firms are losing trade and money .
Electronics manufacturer sharp is also heading for crisis .
It is expected they will lose an incredible $ 1 billion dollars due to the economic crisis .
Sales of sharp electronics are down by a massive 15 % which is much more than what was originally expected .
Unfortunately because of their substantial loss sharp will have to reduce employees pay by up to 50 % just to make ends meet .
Sharp are blaming its loss on the recession which hit many countries during the back end of 2008 and it seems no one is going to escape it .
Many other Japanese electrical manufacturers are also being hit hard .
The money lost is a substantial amount if things carry on going then it is evident that they will have to cut jobs in order to stay in business .
Many people have been made redundant since the recession hit making it the highest number ever of people on state benefit hand outs .
This could just be the start as many more jobs are set to go in the near future .
It seems no one can escape this credit crunch .
Music Humor - Rules Of The Blues
back to Music Humor Page
Author unkown .
( Wish we knew , ' cause it 's really funny )
1. Most Blues begin , " Woke up this morning ... "
2. " I got a good woman " is a bad way to begin the Blues , unless you stick something nasty in the next line like , " I got a good woman , with the meanest face in town . "
3 . The Blues is simple .
After you get the first line right , repeat it .
Then find something that rhymes ... sort of : " Got a good woman with the meanest face in town .
Yes , I got a good woman with the meanest face in town .
Got teeth like Margaret Thatcher , and she weigh 500 pound . "
4 . The Blues is not about choice .
You stuck in a ditch , you stuck in a ditch - - ai n't no way out .
5 . Blues cars : Chevys , Fords , Cadillacs and broken - down trucks .
Blues do n't travel in Volvos , BMWs , or Sport Utility Vehicles .
Most Blues transportation is a Greyhound bus or a southbound train .
Jet aircraft and company motor pools ain't even in the running .
Walkin ' plays a major part in the blues lifestyle .
So does fixin ' to die .
6. Teenagers can't sing the Blues .
They ai n't fixin ' to die yet .
Adults sing the Blues .
In Blues , " adulthood " means being old enough to get the electric chair if you shoot a man in Memphis .
7. Blues can take place in New York City but not in Hawaii or any place in Canada .
Hard times in Minneapolis or Seattle is probably just clinical depression .
Chicago , St. Louis , and Kansas City are still the best places to have the Blues .
You cannot have the blues in any place that do n't get rain .
8 . A man with male pattern baldness ai n't the blues .
A woman with male pattern baldness is .
Breaking your leg cause you were skiing is not the blues .
Breaking your leg ' cause a alligator be chompin ' on it is .
9 . You can't have no Blues in a office or a shopping mall .
The lighting is wrong .
Go outside to the parking lot or sit by the dumpster .
10 . Good places for the Blues :
a. Highway
b. Jailhouse
c. An empty bed
d. Bottom of a whiskey glass
11 . Bad places for the Blues :
a. Nordstrom's
b. Gallery openings
c. Ivy league institutions
d. Golf courses
12 . No one will believe it 's the Blues if you wear a suit , 'less you happen to be a old ethnic person , and you slept in it .
13 .
You have the right to sing the Blues if :
a . You older than dirt
b. You blind
c. You shot a man in Memphis
d . You can't be satisfied
14 .
You do n't have the right to sing the Blues if :
a . You have all your teeth
b . You were once blind but now can see
c. The man in Memphis lived
d . You have a pension fund
15 . Blues is not a matter of color .
It 's a matter of bad luck .
Tiger Woods cannot sing the blues .
Sonny Liston could .
Ugly white people also got a leg up on the blues .
16 . If you ask for water and your darlin ' give you gasoline , it 's the Blues
17 . Other acceptable Blues beverages are :
a. Cheap wine
b. Whiskey or bourbon
c. Muddy water
d. Nasty black coffee
18 . The following are NOT Blues beverages :
a. Perrier
b. Chardonnay
c. Snapple
d. Slim Fast
19 .
If death occurs in a cheap motel or a shotgun shack , it 's a Blues death .
Stabbed in the back by a jealous lover is another Blues way to die .
So is the electric chair , substance abuse and dying lonely on a broke - down cot .
You can't have a Blues death if you die during a tennis match or while getting liposuction .
20 . Some Blues names for women :
a. Sadie
b. Big Mama
c. Bessie
d. Fat River Dumpling
21 . Some Blues names for men :
a. Joe
b. Willie
c. Little Willie
d. Big Willie
22 . Persons with names like Michelle , Amber , Debbie , and Heather can't sing the Blues no matter how many men they shoot in Memphis .
23 .
Make your own Blues name Starter Kit : a. name of physical infirmity ( Blind , Cripple , Lame , etc. ) b. first name ( see above ) plus name of fruit ( Lemon , Lime , Melon , Kiwi , etc. ) c. last name of President ( Jefferson , Johnson , Fillmore , etc. )
For example : Blind Lime Jefferson , Jackleg Lemon Johnson or Cripple Kiwi Fillmore , etc . ( Well , maybe not " Kiwi . " )
24 . I do n't care how tragic your life : if you own even one computer , you can not sing the blues .
The inside - out story of how a hyper - paranoid , pulp - fiction hack conquered the movie world 20 years after his death .
Nicole Panter
The unbilled costar of Paycheck , the latest Hollywood thriller from the battered typewriter of Philip K. Dick , is a bullet .
A crack engineer named Jennings , played by Ben Affleck , finds himself in a jam , as Dick 's characters invariably do , and the bullet is headed his way .
Spiraling through the air in superslow motion , it pierces his chest in a plume of red and bores into his heart .
Or does it ?
Though the image recurs throughout the film , it 's hard to tell whether it 's actually happening or not .
Philip K . Dick liked nothing better than to toy with the fundamentals of human existence , reality chief among them , so what better for the movie than a bullet that may or may not be tearing through the main character 's flesh ?
Like other Dick protagonists – Tom Cruise in Minority Report , Arnold Schwarzenegger in Total Recall , Harrison Ford in Blade Runner– Affleck finds himself struggling for equilibrium in a world where even the most elemental questions are almost impossible to answer .
Can the senses be trusted ?
Are memories real ?
Is anything real ?
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Paycheck , directed by John Woo and set to open Christmas Day , is the latest in a run of films based on Philip K. Dick stories that began 21 years ago with Blade Runner .
The writer 's hallucinatory tales make for suspense with an epistemological twist : full - bore action pics that turn on questions of perception versus reality .
Having agreed to have his memory erased after completing a super - sensitive job , Jennings learns that he apparently signed away his $ 4.4 billion paycheck in exchange for an envelope of trinkets .
Armed men are chasing him , but he has no idea why until he teams up with Rachel ( Uma Thurman ) , whom he vaguely recalls meeting just before he started the job .
Jennings , it turns out , is a man who has seen the future but can't remember it .
Dick died shortly before Blade Runner 's release in 1982 , and , despite a cult readership , he spent most of his life in poverty .
Yet now , more than two decades later , the future he saw has made him one of the most sought - after writers in Hollywood .
Paycheck , based on a 1953 short story Dick sold to a pulp magazine for less than $ 200 , will bring close to $ 2 million to his estate .
And movies based on more than a half - dozen other stories and novels are in the works – among them " The King of the Elves " at Disney , " The Short , Happy Life of the Brown Oxford " at Miramax , and A Scanner Darkly at Warner Bros .
Dick 's anxious surrealism all but defines contemporary Hollywood science fiction and spills over into other kinds of movies as well .
His influence is pervasive in The Matrix and its sequels , which present the world we know as nothing more than an information grid ;
Dick articulated the concept in a 1977 speech in which he posited the existence of multiple realities overlapping the " matrix world " that most of us experience .
Vanilla
Sky , with its dizzying shifts between fantasy and fact , likewise ventures into a Dickian warp zone , as does Dark City , The Thirteenth Floor , and David Cronenberg 's eXistenZ .
Memento reprises
Dick 's memory obsession by focusing on a man whose attempts to avenge his wife 's murder are complicated by his inability to remember anything .
In The Truman Show , Jim Carrey discovers the life he 's living is an illusion , an idea Dick developed in his 1959 novel Time Out of Joint .
Next year , Carrey and Kate Winslet will play a couple who have their memories of each other erased in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind .
Memory , paranoia , alternate realities : Dick 's themes are everywhere .
At a time when most 20th - century science fiction writers seem hopelessly dated , Dick gives us a vision of the future that captures the feel of our time .
He did n't really care about robots or space travel , though they sometimes turn up in his stories .
He wrote about ordinary Joes caught in a web of corporate domination and ubiquitous electronic media , of memory implants and mood dispensers and counterfeit worlds .
This strikes a nerve .
" People can not put their finger anymore on what is real and what is not real , " observes Paul Verhoeven , the one - time Dutch mathematician who directed Total Recall .
" What we find in Dick is an absence of truth and an ambiguous interpretation of reality .
Dreams that turn out to be reality , reality that turns out to be a dream .
This can only sell when people recognize it , and they can only recognize it when they see it in their own lives . "
Like the babbling psychics who predict future crimes in Minority Report , Dick was a precog .
Lurking within his amphetamine - fueled fictions are truths that have only to be found and decoded .
In a 1978 essay he wrote : " We live in a society in which spurious realities are manufactured by the media , by governments , by big corporations , by religious groups , political groups .
I ask , in my writing , What is real ?
Because unceasingly we are bombarded with pseudorealities manufactured by very sophisticated people using very sophisticated electronic mechanisms .
I do not distrust their motives .
I distrust their power .
It is an astonishing power : that of creating whole universes , universes of the mind .
I ought to know .
I do the same thing . "
Viewed in this context , Dick 's emergence in Hollywood seems oddly inevitable .
His career itself is a tale of alternate realities .
In the flesh he was the ultimate outsider , pecking out paranoid visions that place the little guy at the mercy of the corporate machine .
Yet posthumously he feeds the machine , his pseudoworlds the basis of ever more elaborate entertainments doled out by the megacorporations we pay to stuff our heads .
How he made the leap from pulp - fiction writer to Hollywood prophet is a tale almost worthy of the man himself .
Dick 's career in movies did not begin with a bang .
It was 1977 , and a small - time actor named Brian Kelly wanted to option the 9 - year - old novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
For a mere $ 2,500 , he got it .
" The works of Philip K . Dick were not exactly in demand , " recalls the writer 's New York literary agent , Russell Galen , " and for Phil " – then 49 and living in suburban Orange County – " that was enough to make the difference between a good year and a bad year . "
Kelly 's partner wrote a screenplay and shopped it around .
Eventually it landed on the desk of Ridley Scott , who 'd just directed Alien .
Scott brought in a new writer and sent it to Alan Ladd Jr. , one of the top players in Hollywood .
" I liked the project , " says Ladd , a quiet , deliberate man whose Beverly Hills offices are lined with posters for the films he 's made : Star Wars , The Right Stuff , Chariots of Fire , Braveheart " It was a good old - fashioned detective story set in the future . "
Ladd thought Harrison Ford , who 'd costarred in Star Wars , would be good as a Humphrey Bogart - type sleuth .
Blade Runner was a go .
Just a few months before the movie 's release , Dick suffered a massive stroke .
Blade Runner proved only a modest success at the box office ; if not for two other developments , Dick 's career might have died with him .
The first was the emergence of home video , which gave new life to small films with cult followings .
Throughout the ' 80s , Blade Runner 's reputation as a noirishly futuristic gem continued to build .
The second was the interest of Ron Shusett , a screenwriter who 'd worked on Alien .
Before Dick died , Shusett bought the film rights to " We Can Remember It for You Wholesale , " a story about a nebbishy clerk with dreams of going to Mars .
He retitled it Total Recall and took it to Dino De Laurentiis , who put it into development .
Total Recall languished for years before all the elements – producer , director , star – came together .
At one point , Richard Dreyfuss was attached .
At another , David Cronenberg was going to direct and wanted William Hurt for the lead .
" I worked on it for a year and did about 12 drafts , " Cronenberg recalls .
" Eventually we got to a point where Ron Shusett said , ' You know what you 've done ?
You 've done the Philip K. Dick version . '
I said , ' Is n't that what we 're supposed to be doing ? '
He said , ' No , no , we want to do Raiders of the Lost Ark Go to Mars . ' "
Cronenberg moved on .
Arnold Schwarzenegger wanted to star , but De Laurentiis refused : Even in an overamped Hollywood bastardization , he could n't see Schwarzenegger in the part .
Instead , it went to Patrick Swayze , with Bruce Beresford directing .
They were building sets in Australia when De Laurentiis ' company went bankrupt .
This gave Schwarzenegger his chance .
He got Carolco , the high - flying mini-studio behind the Rambo series , to buy the property , and Paul Verhoeven to direct it .
The henpecked clerk named Quail became a muscle - bound construction worker named Quaid , and a new ending was written to make up for what many filmmakers see as the problem with Dick 's short stories : their lack of a third act that will take a movie to 90 minutes or more .
But while Verhoeven 's film was an interplanetary shoot - 'em - up that bore little resemblance to Dick 's story , it did retain the tale 's essential ambiguity :
At the end , we 're not sure whether the main character actually went to Mars or only thought he did , thanks to some memory implants he bought .
" This was extremely innovative , coming from a Hollywood studio , " says Verhoeven .
" To dare to say , Everything you see could be a dream , or everything you see could be reality , and we wo n't tell you which is true – I thought that was pretty sensational . "
Total Recall was one of the biggest hits of 1990 , grossing $ 118 million in the US alone .
That was good for Carolco , even better for Dick .
" The whole phenomenon of Philip K . Dick short stories selling for a lot of money started with Total Recall , " says Russell Galen , the literary agent , who now represents his estate .
Before Total Recall , Dick was a Hollywood unknown ; afterward , screenwriters and producers saw his stories as properties they could build action movies around .
And there were dozens of these properties – 36 novels and more than 150 short stories , most as - yet unoptioned .
It would be a while before anything was available .
Dick had died without a will , and his estate was in probate for 11 years .
When it was finally settled , however , Galen had work to do .
Warner Bros. bought the novel Time Out of Jointfor Joel Silver ( who went on to produce the Matrix series ) and optioned A Scanner Darkly for George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh 's production company , Section 8 .
The Jim Henson Company optioned " The King of the Elves " and set it up as a children 's film at Disney .
Spyglass Entertainment , makers of M. Night Shyamalan 's The Sixth Sense , took an option on " Paycheck . "
Business got so heavy that Galen had to devise a computerized chart showing what 's available , what 's been optioned and will become available in the future , and what 's been sold outright .
One of the first to go was " The Minority Report , " a short story published in the January ' 56 issue of Fantastic Universe , about a police commander who uses clairvoyants to arrest people before they actually commit a crime .
Gary Goldman , the screenwriter who'd reworked Total Recall for Verhoeven , brought it to the director , who decided it would make a great sequel .
This was a story in which Dick 's obsession with alternate realities dovetailed with a fascination with fate :
If we can see into the future , does that mean the future is set ?
That humans have no capacity for free will ?
Verhoeven envisioned Total Recall II : The Minority Report as a whiz - bang , action - packed , " theological - philosophical challenge " to the Calvinist concept of predestination .
But Carolco went bankrupt before he could make it .
So Goldman took it to director Jan de Bont , Verhoeven 's former cinematographer , who showed it to Tom Cruise , who'd been thinking for some time about doing a science fiction picture with Steven Spielberg .
To Galen , the 1998 announcement that Cruise and Spielberg would team up to make Minority Report was electrifying .
Three years passed before they actually got to it , and when they did the movie departed significantly from the short story , which was a paranoia - soaked potboiler in which the police commander in charge of " pre-crime " is framed by his new deputy , or his wife , or an ex-general , or all or none of the above .
" I do n't think Phil was all that interested in the morality of pre-crime , " says Goldman , an executive producer of the film .
But Spielberg was , and the movie ends with a ringing endorsement of the American justice system .
" It 's very difficult to be true to Phil Dick and make a Hollywood movie , " Goldman observes .
" His thinking was subversive .
He questioned everything Hollywood wanted to affirm . "
No matter .
With the release of Minority Report , Dick became an A - list Hollywood scribe , a player , a member of the club .
Vancouver , June 2003 .
The Paycheck shoot is well under way , and this morning Woo is rehearsing one of the opening scenes .
A vast soundstage on the edge of town has been converted into the headquarters of Allcom , a company that seems to be an unholy marriage of Microsoft , Monsanto , and GE .
On one side of the soundstage is the bio lab , a rainforest of orchids and bromeliads and water lilies and trees reaching up to the ceiling , interspersed with catwalks and robot arms .
This is Uma 's domain .
On the other side , behind an enormous door , is the computer lab Ben is about to disappear into .
When he emerges , three years later , it will be with his memory wiped .
But on his way in , he captures Uma 's attention .
Mischievously , she hits him with a blast of air almost strong enough to bowl him over .
" I give up !
I give up ! " he cries , slicking back his hair .
In a flash a robot arm swings in front of him , halting an inch or two from his face .
In its pincers , a yellow orchid .
" Do n't give up , " Uma says softly .
There are plenty of action sequences in Paycheck – a motorcycle chase through the streets of Vancouver , a climactic fight scene replete with explosions , gunfire , and people diving through the air .
But for Woo , that 's not the point .
Woo made his name in Hong Kong in the ' 80s with hyperviolent cult films like A Better Tomorrow and The Killer– maximum spatter rendered with balletic grace .
Transplanted to Hollywood in the '90s , he graduated to big - budget action - adventure tales , most notably Face Off and Mission : Impossible 2 , the second - highest - grossing film of 2000 .
But like other genre directors , he dreams of greater things .
" Paycheck is a suspenseful movie , but also it is a love story , " he says in heavily accented English while the crew preps the next shot .
" Usually , science fiction movies are pretty cold .
I am trying to make this one more human .
Some of the scenes are a tribute to " – he claps a hand over his mouth , pretending he 's afraid to utter the word – " Hitchcock . "
Paramount
Paramount
Paycheck stars Uma Thurman and Ben Affleck .
Woo cites Hitchcock – along with '30s musicals , Francis Ford Coppola , and the blood - soaked Westerns of Sam Peckinpah – as a major influence .
" Hitchcock 's movies are so precise , " he says admiringly .
" Every shot is calculated .
And they 're not only about suspense – I also find them very romantic . "
He mentions the scene in The Birds when Tippi Hedren is driving to meet Rod Taylor , a pair of lovebirds in a cage on the floor :
There are lovebirds in Paycheck , too .
He mentions the scene in North by Northwest when Cary Grant is chased by a crop duster in an Indiana cornfield :
In Paycheck , Affleck is chased by a train .
" Ben plays an ordinary man , not a superhero , " Woo says .
" Just like a young Cary Grant – that 's how I want him to be . "
" This is a part I went after really aggressively , " says Affleck .
" I 've always been a fan of Philip K. Dick , both his writings and the movie adaptations .
They 're big - budget movies for smart people . "
Too often , Affleck admits , that 's an oxymoron : " There 's a tendency to dumb these movies down – they 're spending so much money on them , and conventional wisdom dictates that you have to go for the lowest common denominator .
But his ideas prevent that .
To anybody who 's ever thought , Did that happen or did I dream it ?
– you 'd have to have a PhD in philosophy to get too deep into this , but it has to do with wanting to validate our own first - person experience . "
Just as Spielberg was dismissed by hardcore Dick fans , Woo strikes many as unworthy .
They probably do n't realize that the Matrixseries contains almost as many references to Woo as to Dick .
( Fluttering pigeons heralding a fight , a shooter with two guns blazing – pure Woo . )
And though he makes exceptions for Star Wars and Spielberg 's Close Encounters of the Third Kind , Woo thinks most science fiction is limited in scope .
But then , so did Dick .
In response to a 1969 questionnaire , Dick described SF 's greatest weakness as " its inability to explore the subtle , intricate relationships that exist between the sexes , " adding that as a result it " remains pre-adult , and therefore appeals – more or less – to pre-adults . "
The male - female relationships in Dick 's work tend to be more dysfunctional than romantic , but the idea of Woo interpreting Dick through Hitchcock makes sense :
These are three genre artists who 've transcended their category .
Certainly if Hitch had tackled science fiction , his trademark combination of paranoia and suspense would have fit Dick perfectly .
Philip K. Dick appeals to Woo , and to studio execs as well , because the humans take precedence over the science fiction elements of his stories – the robots , the gizmos , the spaceships that transport you to Mars .
The ideas are a bonus , though in " Paycheck " and other early pulp - fiction stories , they 're not always well developed .
" One thing he did n't go into , " observes Dean Georgaris , who wrote the Paycheckscreenplay , " is what kind of person would agree to have a large portion of his memory erased .
For me , that was the key that opened the door to the movie .
It 's about what 's important in life – is it the great moments , or the little things that add up ? "
But the big question
Dick only hinted at was what people would do if they had the machine Jennings built before his mind was wiped – a machine whose nature only gradually becomes apparent in the movie .
" Would we become addicted to it , like we 've become addicted to TV ? " Georgaris wonders .
Movies like The Terminator and The Matrix are about machines that attack humans .
The more likely scenario , Georgaris thinks , is that humans will submit voluntarily .
It may be for the best that Dick 's career in Hollywood took off only after his death , because he 'd certainly have had a hard time handling it in life .
Psychologically , the guy was a mess .
His fear of going out in public was so bad it 's difficult to imagine him taking a meeting at a film studio .
According to Isa Dick - Hackett , one of three children he produced in five marriages , he could n't even make good on a promise to take her to Disneyland when she was little .
" Twenty or thirty minutes into it , he started to complain of back pain and had to leave , " she says .
" Later , I realized the crowds just freaked him out . "
The Philip K . Dick estate has no such problems .
Isa and her older half - sister , Laura Leslie , are upstanding Bay Area citizens , both intelligent and obviously competent .
Together with their younger half - brother , Chris , who works as a martial arts instructor in Southern California , they control their father 's legacy .
Russell Galen advises them from New York .
The four take their stewardship seriously :
They 're fine with repackaging a novel to tie in with a movie , for example , but novelizations of short stories are out .
And thanks to Vintage Books , every word of his fiction will soon be in print – as you 'd expect for an author who 's now taught in colleges and cited by the French post - structuralist philosopher Jean Baudrillard .
As for film deals , the estate has become increasingly choosy .
" We sort of feel like we have to protect Philip K. Dick 's brand image , " says Galen .
" So we set very , very high prices , and we 'll only do business with people who are established .
It 's ironic , because the films that created the phenomenon started with options that were granted to struggling filmmakers .
Today , we shun people like that . "
Not every movie based on Dick 's writings has been a hit :
The 1996 film Screamers , starring Peter Weller , and last year 's Imposter , with Gary Sinise in the lead , grossed only $ 12 million between them .
" But in Hollywood , what matters is getting the movie made , " explains Galen .
" If somebody options a story and it's not made , that spoils the track record . "
Still , most Hollywood writers , even successful ones , live mainly off properties that are sold but not developed , and the Dick estate is no exception .
Of the more than half - dozen film projects currently in the works , some are inching forward while others are caught in limbo .
John Alan Simon , who produced The Getaway with Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger , and his partner , Dale Rosenbloom , are trying to get studio backing for films based on three Dick novels – Radio Free Albemuth , Valis , and Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said .
Miramax has a script and is looking for a director for " The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford , " a story about a shoe that comes alive .
( " With the right actor and the right filmmaker , it will be memorable , " says development exec Michael Zoumas .
" Without them it will be , what were they thinking ? " )
Both Joel Silver 's Time Out of Joint and Steven Soderbergh 's A Scanner Darkly are idling while the producers work on other projects .
As Galen puts it , " To have Minority Report and Paycheck back - to - back like that " – big - budget films with big - name stars and a top director – " requires an incredible planetary alignment . "
Dick 's kids grew up poor – no health insurance , clothes from Goodwill .
Laura recalls how grateful she was to get braces .
But the hard - scrabble life was critical to Dick 's sensibility .
" Phil 's work came out of an atmosphere of want and struggle , " Galen observes .
Science fiction was a ghetto in the '50s and ' 60s , and Dick was one of its least fashionable residents : While Isaac Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke were writing best sellers , he counted himself lucky not to be collecting rejection slips .
" From the day he wrote his first story , he was worried would he ever get another sale , " Galen says .
" Certainly he was as prolific as he was because he needed money .
We have 30 - odd Philip K . Dick novels and not 10 because he was not that well paid . "
How celebrity would have affected him is a different question .
" He would never have been that Hollywood thing , ever , " says Laura , sitting with Isa on the patio of Spago in Palo Alto .
The closest he came was buying a sports car , shortly before he died .
But he was afraid to drive it , and apparently with good reason : " 6,000 miles , and it had dents all over it , " Laura observes .
In most ways , they agree , he would n't have changed .
He would n't have gotten health insurance .
Instead of filing his income taxes , he'd have continued to claim he was handing everything over to " Mrs. Frye " at the IRS .
( As far as the daughters know , Mrs. Frye never existed . )
This is a guy who had to have a friend take Isa to the toy store because he could n't handle the anxiety .
" The thought of the general public knowing who he was , " she says now – " he would have been out of his mind . "
As things turned out , he never had to worry about it .
Instead , it 's Laura and Isa who deal with his fame .
The two daughters had quite different upbringings , and as primary guardians of the estate they play equally divergent roles .
Laura , trim and proper and blond , saw her father only four times after the age of 3 , but she read all his books when she was 12 , and the two corresponded and talked on the phone constantly .
Today she shuns publicity and focuses on the deals .
Isa was brought up in a fundamentalist Christian home ; every book her father sent was burned because it contained swear words .
Outgoing and enthusiastic , with dark curls cascading almost to her shoulders , she likes to reach out to the fans .
Now , for example , she 's working with Jason Koornick , who runs the fan site PhilipKDick.com , to convert it into an official one – a place where they can post unpublished letters and other documents .
Neither of the daughters was prepared for the Spielberg effect .
" The whole Minority Report thing blew us away , " says Laura .
" It was so unexpected " – the hubbub of the New York premiere , the glamorous party at Cipriani , the effusive praise from stars like Tom Cruise and Colin Farrell .
" We did n't realize what a phenomenon our dad was . "
" He 's a question on Jeopardy , " Isa interjects .
Laura recalls a Dean Koontz story that contains a remark about " having a Philip K. Dick moment . "
She finds the notion a little unsettling : Her world was full of Philip K. Dick moments .
" That was just my dad , " she says .
" The concept of alternate realities – I thought that was the way everybody talked . "
In his 1974 novel Flow My Tears , the Policeman Said , Dick wrote about the sudden shift experienced by Jason Taverner , a world - famous talk - show host who wakes up one morning to find that no one has heard of him and no record of his identity exists .
Dick 's own experience of celebrity is almost the reverse :
For decades , no one outside the science fiction ghetto had heard of him , and now he 's world - famous , the kind of guy Tom Cruise and Steven Spielberg talk about on Oprah .
All this fame came at the stage in life when he was best able to handle it – after he was dead .
" I feel so happy for him , " Isa declares .
" He was so afraid of death – and how amazing for him . "
" He 's going to live forever , " says Laura , continuing Isa 's thought .
" Every day , more and more people know him . "
" He transcended death , " Laura says , a note of wonder in her voice – half awe , half bemusement .
As if to say : How very Philip K. Dick .
Reality Check
Uma Thurman on the surreal world of Dick , karmic paybacks , and working with mind - bending auteurs .
by Frank Rose
" It 's all very Buddhist , " says Uma Thurman , sitting in a dressing room as a makeup artist dabs at her face .
Frank Ockenfels
She means Philip K. Dick , of course .
Her father , Columbia University professor Robert Thurman , is a leading Buddhist scholar and a good friend of the Dalai Lama , so she 's no stranger to discussions of memory and reality .
" Reality is an illusion – that 's the principle of ancient Buddhist thought , " she continues .
" And the basic idea of being reborn is that you erase the memory .
Everybody is interconnected , and you 're working out your karma with people – so you get erased , but all work left undone has to be completed . "
So Thurman is a fan .
Blade Runner was one of her favorite movies growing up – the plight of the replicants was so affecting it made her cry – and after seeing it she read Dick 's novel .
" There 's something very earthly in his imaginings , " she says .
" You do n't have to set them on Mars – they 're projections from here on Earth .
There 's class struggle , there 's government deceit .
And these nightmarish fantasies about corporations owning the world – I mean , obviously there 's a reason people relate to that . "
Thurman was coming off a grueling 11 - month shoot in China for Quentin Tarantino 's Kill Bill when she received the offer to costar in Paycheck .
" I never get asked to be ' the girl , ' " she says , " so I was sort of thrilled to just be the sidekick in a romantic context , instead of the man / woman / fighter / stunt - double / you - name - it .
I thought that would be nice – to not be the one covered in blood . "
She also wanted the chance to work with John Woo , whose Hong Kong films Tarantino had reverentially screened for her .
" I was completely blown away , " she says .
" I 've always been drawn to directors who have a real voice . "
She was 17 when Terry Gilliam cast her in The Adventures of Baron Munchausen .
After that came , among others , Stephen Frears ' Dangerous Liaisons , Gus Van Sant 's Even Cowgirls Get the Blues , Tarantino 's Pulp Fiction , Andrew Niccol 's Gattaca , and James Ivory 's The Golden Bowl .
" It 's special , being in front of those cameras .
It does n't mean the movie 's going to work , but I 'd rather err with that kind of director .
They 've each created their own world , many times over . "
The Metaphysics of Philip K. Dick
Do n't know Dick ?
Here 's his philosophy in capsule form .
( Warning : May cause anxiety or dizzyness . )
by Erik Davis
1. FALSE REALITIES
Today we are almost bored by the idea that reality is a just a construct – neuroscience , postmodernism , and The Matrix have made sure of that .
But Dick remains the supreme mythmaker of the false reality .
His 1959 novel , Time Out of Joint , was the original Truman Show , while his 1964 book , The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch , describes a society that succumbs to permanent hallucination .
Faced with such illusions ,
Dick 's characters have to ask , " What is real ? " because their lives ( and sanity ) are on the line .
That 's why hipster Hollywood loves him :
Dick turned metaphysics into a whodunit .
2. HUMAN VS .
MACHINE
Dick wanted to know how , in a technological society , we can recognize the authentically human .
He saw the line between people and machines become hopelessly blurred .
So his human characters often behave like cruel robots , while spunky gadgets – like the automatic cabbie in Now Wait for Last Year – can be sources of wisdom and kindness .
And in " The Electric Ant , " when businessman Garson Poole discovers that he is actually an android , he does n't despair .
Instead , he begins to reprogram himself .
3. ENTROPY
One thing you learn from drug addiction , five marriages , and a visionary imagination is how easily your world can fall apart .
Perhaps this was why Dick was obsessed with how things decay .
He even invented a word for one of entropy 's most ordinary manifestations : " kipple , " which he defined as all the useless crap that creeps into our daily lives , like junk mail and gum wrappers and old newspapers .
Do n't bother fighting it – Dick 's First Law of Kipple states that " Kipple drives out nonkipple . "
4. THE NATURE OF GOD
Dick was a garage philosopher , an autodidact who read voraciously in religion and metaphysics .
Sometimes his speculations leaked into everyday life .
In 1974 , undergoing a psychotic and / or mystical break , Dick encountered a cosmic force he later called Valis , which stands for Vast Active Living Intelligence System – a cybernetic God .
But keep on your toes :
To sneak into our fallen world , Valis must disguise itself as TV ads or trash – or pulpy sci-fi entertainment .
5. SOCIAL CONTROL
Dick was always pretty paranoid .
But when thieves broke into his home in 1971 , it sent him over the edge .
Soon he came to believe that all political tyrannies were facets of one cosmic oppressor : the Black Iron Prison , a timeless archetype that he associated with the Roman Empire .
Dick sometimes thought that history was an illusion and that the Nixon administration 's dirty tricks only proved that " The Empire never ended . "
One wonders what he would think today .
The Hollywood Treatment
Why do filmmakers love Philip K. Dick ?
Credit his mix of head - spinning imagination and high - concept action – not to mention big fans like Tom Cruise .
Of course , Dick 's paycheck was a bit smaller .
Here 's a breakdown of PKD movies so far :
Underlying the glamorous new world of finance was the process of securitization .
Loans no longer stayed with the lender .
Instead , they were sold on to others , who sliced , diced and puréed individual debts to synthesize new assets .
Subprime mortgages , credit card debts , car loans  all went into the financial system ’s juicer .
Out the other end , supposedly , came sweet - tasting AAA investments .
And financial wizards were lavishly rewarded for overseeing the process .
But the wizards were frauds , whether they knew it or not , and their magic turned out to be no more than a collection of cheap stage tricks .
Above all , the key promise of securitization  that it would make the financial system more robust by spreading risk more widely  turned out to be a lie .
Banks used securitization to increase their risk , not reduce it , and in the process they made the economy more , not less , vulnerable to financial disruption .
Sooner or later , things were bound to go wrong , and eventually they did .
Bear Stearns failed ; Lehman failed ; but most of all , securitization failed .
Which brings us back to the Obama administration ’s approach to the financial crisis .
Much discussion of the toxic - asset plan has focused on the details and the arithmetic , and rightly so .
Beyond that , however , what ’s striking is the vision expressed both in the content of the financial plan and in statements by administration officials .
In essence , the administration seems to believe that once investors calm down , securitization  and the business of finance  can resume where it left off a year or two ago .
To be fair , officials are calling for more regulation .
Indeed , on Thursday Tim Geithner , the Treasury secretary , laid out plans for enhanced regulation that would have been considered radical not long ago .
But the underlying vision remains that of a financial system more or less the same as it was two years ago , albeit somewhat tamed by new rules .
As you can guess , I do n’t share that vision .
I do n’t think this is just a financial panic ; I believe that it represents the failure of a whole model of banking , of an overgrown financial sector that did more harm than good .
I do n’t think the Obama administration can bring securitization back to life , and I do n’t believe it should try .
Ministers have ordered hospitals in England to relax their ban on the use of mobile phones as fears about their interaction with sensitive medical equipment have receded .
But NHS managers warned that forcing sick patients to endure tinny renditions of " The James Bond Theme " and shouted conversations beginning " I'm in hospital " would be unlikely to speed their recovery .
Nigel Edwards , director of policy at the NHS Confederation representing NHS trusts , said contact with relatives and friends could make a stay in hospital less stressful .
But patients should not have to put up with intrusive ring tones like passengers in a railway carriage .
" The last thing we want to do is to make hospitals more stressful than they need to be because of annoying ring tones or the loud phone conversations that already plague much of everyday life .
Doctors and nurses doing their rounds should not have to wait for patients to finish calls and nights on wards should not be disturbed by chirruping text messages , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In new guidance to the NHS issued yesterday , the Department of Health says trusts should consider giving patients , staff and visitors the " widest possible use " of mobiles , where " it does n't interfere with equipment , the privacy of others or cause a nuisance " .
Ben Bradshaw , the Health minister , said : " Close support and comfort from loved ones when you are in hospital is essential .
Mobile phones are commonplace in everyday life and people have told us they 'd like to be able to use their phones in hospital to keep in touch .
" That 's why we 're keen to encourage sensible use in NHS hospitals where it is safe to do so , in addition to other services in hospitals such as bedside payphones , TV and internet access . "
Existing guidance says mobiles should not be used in clinical areas , including wards , unless there are good reasons to do so .
The rules aim to prevent people taking " inappropriate " photos and videos via camera phones .
The new policy , announced yesterday , can be implemented immediately , but it is up to individual health trusts to decide how to proceed .
The Government consulted with the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency , which helps decide which medicines and medical devices are safe , before making the change .
Previously the MHRA stopped short of advocating a blanket ban but said mobiles should be kept out of areas with sensitive equipment .
The relaxation of the rules will hit Hospedia ( formerly Patientline ) , the company that supplies TV , phone and internet access for patients on NHS wards .
Patientline was criticised for charging high prices and went into administration in July .
The new guidance follows similar rules for Scottish hospitals , which were introduced in February 2008 .
Introduction by
February 26 , 2009 -- Life on the Left --
The general strike in two French colonies in the Caribbean is firm , with no end in sight .
It began in Guadeloupe on January 20 and spread to neighbouring Martinique on February 5 as a protest against the high cost of living and , more generally , the gross inequality between the conditions of the black population and a tiny white elite , descendants of slaveholders , who control most industry and agriculture .
The two islands , each with a population of about 400,000 , are officially designated overseas departments of France , and the repression of the strikers by the French government , which has flown in more than a thousand gendarmes from the metropolis , has underscored their colonial oppression .
The islands , along with two other French colonies — French Guiana in South America and La Réunion in the Indian Ocean , both of which are experiencing mounting unrest — have the highest unemployment rates in the European Union , double those of metropolitan France .
Also , prices of basic commodities and food staples , most of them imported , are much higher .
The strike in Guadeloupe is led by a coalition of about fifty organisations under the aegis of the General Union of the Workers of Guadeloupe ( UGTG ) : Lihannaj Kont Pwofitasyon ( LKP ) in the local creole , or the Collective Against Super - exploitation .
It has issued a platform of almost 150 demands for higher wages and improved social benefits , lower taxes and prices on necessities and transportation , construction of social housing , environmental decontamination , job training and priority hiring for Guadeloupians , no more layoffs , workers ' participation in management , trade union rights including collective agreements and occupational health and safety protection , creation of public services in strategic sectors , land reform and agricultural development , development of media and other facilities in the local language and culture , and investigation and prosecution of those responsible for the massacre of striking construction workers in May 1967 , etc .
Similar demands have been raised by the strikers in Martinique .
In response to the strike , the French government sent a junior minister , Yves Jégo , to Guadeloupe .
He proposed a deal to increase the salaries of 45,000 workers but was suddenly recalled by Paris .
He returned a few days later after massive protest demonstrations across the island , but continued government resistance to its demands has forced the LKP to suspend negotiations .
The strike has closed the airport , gas stations , schools , banks , government offices and the tourist industry .
It has so far claimed one victim : Jacques Bino , a tax agent and union member who was shot , apparently by provocateurs .
Dozens of demonstrators have been arrested , including leaders of the LKP , although most have since been released .
Funeral of murdered striker Jacques Bino .
On February 16 , the LKP issued a call to the international workers ' and democratic movement for solidarity with the strike .
But the strike has received little attention in the international media , especially outside France .
A notable , albeit modest exception in Canada is the publication of a number of articles on the strike in the current issue of the on- line Quebec publication Presse - toi - à - gauche .
I have translated the introductory article , by Dimitris Fasfalis , below .
The mass trade union movement in France has given only lukewarm support to the strikers in the country ’s Caribbean colonies .
An initial demonstration of support in Paris was held February 16 , at the initiative of some left - wing organisations including the Nouveau parti anticapitaliste ( NPA , New Anti-Capitalist Party ) , a broadly based new party to the left of the French Socialist Party and the Communist Party of France ( PCF ) .
It attracted many young protesters from the immigrant communities , many chanting in the Creole language .
A second solidarity action has been called for February 28 by Caribbean associations in France , with the support of some union and political organisations .
The NPA has sent its leading spokesperson , Olivier Besancenot , to the Caribbean colonies to report firsthand on the mobilisations .
[ The NPA 's solidarity statement is the final article below . ]
One of the organisations in France expressing the strongest support for the Caribbean strikers is the Sans Papiers , an organisation of immigrants who lack the documentation to become full French citizens .
I have translated its message of solidarity , below .
It draws special attention to the anti-imperialist , anticolonial implications of the strike movement , as does the PTàG article by Fasfalis .
For further information on this inspiring strike movement — one of the first such mass actions in response to the developing global economic and social crisis — readers may wish to consult some of these links :
Official web site of the General Union of the Workers of Guadeloupe ( mainly in Creole and French ) : http://ugtg.org/?lang=cpf_gp
2009 French Caribbean general strikes ( wikipedia , updated daily ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_French_Caribbean_general_strikes
Carib Creole
One news : http://www.caribcreole1.com/breves.php
Photos of the mass protests and other activities :
http://photos.ugtg.org/index.php?/category/Lyannaj-kont-pwofitasyon-LKP
Guadeloupe : A people arise
By Dimitris Fasfalis , translated by Richard Fidler
February 24 , 2009 --
For more than a month now , Guadeloupe has been providing a tremendous lesson in social resistance to the local bosses and the French government .
Its people have responded to the growing insecurity with an historically unprecedented general strike .
What is behind this mobilization ?
The answer would seem to lie in the capacity of the social movement to embody the peoples ’ aspirations for emancipation .
The aspiration for human dignity
The scope of this revolt , in the first place , refutes those who would dismiss it as the action of a few agitators seeking notoriety .
The call for the general strike , issued last January 20 , has been met by a massive mobilisation of the population in the streets .
On February 18 alone , between 60,000 and 80,000 demonstrated in Le Moule , a town in the east of the island , to commemorate the assassination of five sugar cane workers by the repressive forces in 1957 .
That ’s a demonstration of 13 to 17 per cent of the island ’s total population of 460,000 .
Imagine what it would mean if five million demonstrators gathered day after day in Ottawa to demand higher wages .
Demonstration in Le Moule , February 14 .
Initially a challenge to the price of gasoline , the social movement is demanding measures to fight the high cost of living and social squalor .
Key demands include : an immediate increase in wages , pensions and social benefits of 200 euros [ about $ 320 Canadian ] ; price controls on essential goods ; an end to prices set artificially higher than those in France ; social housing ; jobs for youths ; adequate social services , etc .
Not surprisingly , the 149 demands of the movement are popular in a population with an “ official ” unemployment rate of 22.7 % ( the actual level is estimated at close to 40 % ) and twice the rate of poverty in mainland France ...
Rejection of colonial domination
Apart from expressing the people ’s aspirations for emancipation , the revolt in Guadeloupe also draws its strength from an anticolonial consciousness that is shared and fueled by a long tradition of contestation .
Faced with the columns of cops hastily dispatched by Paris to repress the movement , the demonstrators chant in Creole : “ Guadeloupe is ours , Guadeloupe is not theirs , they shall not do what they want in our country . ”
Discrimination in hiring , monopolisation of positions of responsibility by the French , monopoly rents extorted by the companies owned by the békés ( the minority descendants of the French colonists ) , the government ’s repressive response — Guadeloupe looks more like a colony than a department belonging to a Republic with the motto of ``Liberal , Equality , Fraternity ' ' .
This neocolonial reality is bitterly denounced by the current movement .
And this political consciousness is a major asset , for the ruling classes of the metropolis have precious little control over the situation , or ability to give a veneer of legitimacy to their domination .
A united and fighting collective
Lastly , the general strike fully embodies the meaning of the Creole word “ lyannaj ” : to win over , to bring together , to unite in solidarity , unity and strong attachment .
The Collective against super - exploitation ( Lyannaj kont prwofitasyon , or LKP ) , which is leading the social movement , includes 49 organisations ( associations and unions ) and its spokesperson Elie Domota is proof of a leadership committed to speaking truth to the metropolitan power and the local business class .
Asked by the French daily Libération , on February 17 , if he would continue to call for mobilization , Domota answered :
“ Yes , for we have no choice .
Yves Jégo [ French overseas secretary of state ] says everything is settled , but he has lied to us and the government is not keeping its word or respecting its undertakings .
The only thing that interests us is the signing of our draft agreement with the government and the bosses on February 8 , which provides for an increase of 200 euros for the lowest wages .
But since no one is listening to us , we are forced to be in the street ...
For four weeks , the government has been chartering planeloads of cops to casser du nègre — break the niggers .
I remain open to dialogue , but today the government has chosen repression and the Guadeloupians are going to resist . ”
It is not hard to understand why the “ Guadeloupe ” case upsets the Elysée [ the French presidency ] .
The French government and bosses fear that Guadeloupe will become an example for the workers in the metropolis .
And that fear is warranted , for Martinique and La Réunion are showing that this type of movement is highly contagious , particular in a time of crisis and after a quarter century of neoliberal offensive .
Translated from Presse - toi-à - gauche , http://www.pressegauche.org/.
The Sans Papiers struggling for equality through regularisation are in solidarity with the colonies fighting for the equality of peoples !
Message of solidarity from the National Coordinating Committee of the Undocumented ( CNSP–Coordination nationale des sans- papiers ) .
Paris , February 23 , 2009 -- Guadeloupe , Martinique , Guyane , Réunion and soon Kanaky — the colonies that extend the surface of France from 550,000 km2 to 10,26,000 km2 — are engaged in an extended general strike to get the rich colons ( Békés ) and the monopolies of metropolitan finance capital to pay for the crisis .
The workers of the second - class peoples in what remains of the French colonial empire in this early 21st century united all of their organisations and associations around a platform of 131 demands that was signed by Yves Jégo , the overseas colonies secretary of state , before the French government reneged on its word after his recall to Paris .
Parallel to this , the Élysée sent thousands of repressive forces to put an end to the exemplary mobilisation of the Guadeloupian people .
There are disturbing reports of provocative remarks that the sans - papiers unfortunately often hear when foreigners are being hunted down in metropolitan France : casser des sales nègres , des bamboulas , des bougnoules , des fourmies [ “ break the dirty niggers , the monkeys , the wogs , the narcos ” ] .
And it was after more than a month of mobilisation , the success of the 2.5 million strikers and demonstrators on January 29 in France , and the murder of a Guadeloupian trade - unionist , Jacques Bino , that the Sarkozy regime deigned to emerge from its scornful silence and to suddenly discover that the peoples of the overseas departments and territories are “ French ” .
This significant silence has also been shared to a large degree by the metropolitan media , which are now engaging in their favourite sport : disinformation and lies .
Who remembers today that the abolition of slavery was a deal that consisted in the Republic ’s indemnifying the slaveholder ancestors of the white Béké colons , who thereby appropriated all of the wealth produced by the descendants of the emancipated blacks ?!
The CNSP bows before the mortal remains of the murdered trade - unionist , presents its condolences to the family and comrades of this martyr of the cause of equality of the peoples .
The CNSP appeals to the unions , associations and political parties of France to
Organise a work stoppage in every workplace and a minute of silence to the memory of Jacques Bino ; and
To demand that the French government satisfy the legitimate demands of the colonies .
The CNSP recalls that the Constitution of France recognises that “ humans are born free and equal in law ” and that the United Nations Charter recognises the right of every people to self - determination .
The CNSP calls on the French trade - union , democratic and progressive movement to assume its full responsibility in the face of the present serious crisis of finance capital , which forces us to create the necessary relationship of forces to make the bosses pay for their crisis so that the workers are not divided by the poisonous racism of the French State and have to pay for the crisis in place of the CAC40 [ the Paris stock exchange index ] .
The CNSP urges all the undocumented to fight and demonstrate with all documented workers as an antidote to the anti-social and colonialist strategy of the bosses and the French government .
NPA : Let 's do it , like the workers of Guadeloupe and Martinique !
The statement below was released on February 16 by the New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) in France , in solidarity with the workers of Guadeloupe and Martinique .
The translation is by http://monthlyreview.org/mrzine.
* * *
The general strike in Guadeloupe began almost a month ago , and the strike movement has spread to Martinique over the last two weeks .
Yet the government and management are still manoeuvring , stalling and buying time , refusing to meet the strikers ’ demands .
Backed by the entire population holding the largest demonstrations ever seen in the Antilles , the strikers are demanding general price cuts and wage hikes : 300 euros in Martinique and 200 euros in Guadeloupe .
Their representatives have reiterated the movement ’s demands .
The French Antillean situation has its peculiarities .
Its economy has in fact largely kept its old colonial structures .
It is controlled by the bekes , descendants of slave - owning white settlers , who make fabulous profits through their monopoly of exports to and imports from France .
But there are also a great deal of commonalities .
Like everywhere , the privileged want us to pay for their crisis .
It ’s this policy , driven by President Nicolas Sarkozy and the Medef ( French Business Confederation ) , that is making the situation more and more unbearable , forcing workers to wage battle to defend their conditions of existence .
The first solidarity demonstration was held on February in Paris at the initiative of the NPA and other organisations .
The second demonstration , to take place on February 28 , has been called by Antillean community organisations , with the support of many trade unions and political groups .
The leadership of the trade union confederations should initiate concrete actions such as fundraisers , rallies , walkouts — or rather should have initiated them several weeks ago — in order to help bring the general strike in the Antilles to victory .
Acting in solidarity with the workers and peoples of Guadeloupe and Martinique also means strengthening our own struggles and buttressing our own demands .
As stated by Alex Lollia , a leader of the Confederation of United Workers ( CTU ) of Guadeloupe : “ The government fears that the watchwords of Guadeloupe and Martinique might be echoed by our fellow workers in France and that France too might be paralysed , which would have repercussions throughout Europe .
“ We are holding out , waiting for French workers to join our battle . ”
He is absolutely right !
Nothing is more urgent than spreading this strike , beginning with the struggles that are developing , connecting all the links , local , regional , and national , among all trades and professions , both in the public and private sectors .
Faced with the bosses and government who do n’t want to listen , the best way to express our solidarity would be to make sure we follow the example of the Antilles , creating a new balance of forces to enforce our urgent demands and to create a way out of the crisis consistent with the interests of the popular classes .
The cable industry has won a big legal victory in the fiercely competitive phone services market .
An appeals court has supported the Federal Communications Commission in its ruling that phone carriers — in this case Verizon — ca n't try to lure back customers after they 've initiated a service switch but before their number has been transferred .
The FCC made that call last June in a dispute between Verizon and three cable companies that also provide phone service .
Verizon took the decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , and a three judge panel upheld the Commission on Tuesday .
The DC Circuit agreed that when one carrier sends another a " Local Service Request " ( LSR ) , asking the latter to transfer a customer , it represents " proprietary information " as defined by the Communications Act — a tip off that can't be used to try to convince the departing consumer not to leave .
Take me to your lead list
In February of 2008 , Time - Warner Cable , Comcast , and Bright - House complained that Verizon was doing just that .
The FCC agreed .
Its Order determined that Verizon had created a " lead list " pretty much based on LSRs .
" Upon completion of the lead list , " the agency concluded , " Verizon immediately - sometimes within 24 hours of receiving the LSR — contacts customers on the lead list , by express mail , e-mail , and / or automated telephone message .
Those contacts encourage customers to remain with Verizon , offering price incentives such as discounts and American Express reward cards . "
The Commission did not arrive at this decision easily .
Then Chair Kevin Martin sided with Verizon , calling the telcos ' program " a form of aggressive competition that has the potential to benefit consumers through lower prices and expanded service offerings . "
But his fellow Republican Robert M. McDowell led the agency in a 4 - 1 revolt against Martin 's stance .
Phone companies can try to keep customers happy while they 've got them , McDowell 's statement declared .
And they can try to win them back after they 've switched .
But " using proprietary customer information for marketing efforts cannot take place during the window of time when a customer ’s phone number is being switched to a new provider . "
Verizon put a number of technical arguments before the DC Circuit on behalf of its retention program .
The telco doubted Comcast and Bright House 's status as " telecommunications carriers , " thus putting them beyond Communications
Act language that supports the FCC 's ruling .
It also argued that the FCC's Order restricted speech , and therefore raised First Amendment concerns .
The court rejected all this logic in an eleven page opinion .
The Consumers Union also weighed in on behalf of the FCC's Order .
Needless to say , Comcast is happy about the decision .
" Today 's ruling is a win for consumers who are saving billions of dollars a year because of the entry of cable companies into the local phone business , " Sena Fitzmaurice , Comcast Senior Director for Corporate Communications told Ars .
Less happy is Verizon .
" We are reviewing the order , " company spokesperson David Fish told us .
" This looks like a loss for consumers , who now will have less information available when choosing between different competitors . "
Bill O'Reilly is outraged , outraged we tell you , over Sunday 's superb New York Times editorial calling out Republicans -- and particularly movement conservatives who have thoroughly embraced the nativist wing of the party -- for the ugly racism they 've indulged in recent years , driving what should be a rational debate over immigration into the fetid wastelands of hysterical fearmongering , bigotry , and scapegoating .
So last night on " The O'Reilly Factor " he declared " war " on the Times :
O'Reilly :
In the Impact Segment tonight , more lies from the New York Times over illegal immigration .
As you may know , the Times and other far - left entities favor amnesty for illegal aliens , primarily as a way to gain political power .
As you may also know , most Americans reject blanket amnesty , as was demonstrated when the immigration bill of 2007 crashed and burned in Congress .
So yesterday , this man , editorial page director Andrew Rosenthal , printed a vicious piece of propaganda called " The Nativists Are Restless . "
In this smear , the Times implies that I and others racists because we oppose amnesty .
The editorial says :
It is easy to mock white - supremacist views as pathetic and to assume that nativism in the age of Obama is on the way out .
The country has , of course , made considerable progress since the days of Know - Nothings and the Klan .
But racism has a nasty habit of never going away , no matter how much we may want it to , and thus the perpetual need for vigilance .
It is all around us .
...
Google the words “ Bill O’Reilly ” and “ white , Christian male power structure ” for another YouTube taste of the Fox News host assailing the immigration views of “ the far left ” ( including The Times ) as racially traitorous .
Of course , you can post anything on YouTube , any lie you want , any distortion , and Google can highlight the smear in the blink of an eye -- there are no rules .
For example , I could post that Andrew Rosenthal completely distorted Bill O'Reilly 's view on illegal immigration , because Rosenthal is a dishonest far - left zealot who uses hateful tactics , like implying people with whom he disagrees are racist .
I could post that , and then you could Google " Rosenthal " and " illegal immigration " and it would be there -- uncensored .
Now if Rosenthal does n't know that , he 's stupid .
If he does know it , then he 's dishonest and intentionally misleading Times readers .
Well , besides O'Reilly 's point being the most meaningless of nonsequiturs , it 's also worth remembering exactly what does come up when you Google those terms : actual video from this site showing Bill O'Reilly , in full context , saying the following :
Bill O'Reilly : But do you understand what the New York Times wants , and the far - left want ?
They want to break down the white , Christian , male power structure , which you 're a part , and so am I , and they want to bring in millions of foreign nationals to basically break down the structure that we have .
In that regard , Pat Buchanan is right .
So I say you 've got to cap with a number .
John McCain :
In America today we 've got a very strong economy and low unemployment , so we need addition farm workers , including by the way agriculture , but there may come a time where we have an economic downturn , and we do n't need so many .
O'Reilly : But in this bill , you guys have got to cap it .
Because estimation is 12 million , there may be 20 [ million ] .
You do n't know , I do n't know .
We 've got to cap it .
McCain :
We do , we do .
I agree with you .
Mind you , this was not an aberration for O'Reilly :
O'Reilly , in fact , is one of the major media figures responsible for whitewashing the reality that Patrick Buchanan 's recent work has finally tipped the scales into outright white supremacist extremism .
O'Reilly , in fact , had previously hosted Buchanan in 2005 , an interview in which they discussed Buchanan 's " Decline of the West " thesis .
Indeed , as Media Matters has observed , the decline of white male dominance is a frequent concern of O'Reilly's :
-- On the May 16 , 2006 , edition of The O'Reilly Factor , O'Reilly claimed that The New York Times and " many far - left thinkers believe the white power structure that controls America is bad , so a drastic change is needed . "
O'Reilly continued : " According to the lefty zealots , the white Christians who hold power must be swept out by a new multicultural tide , a rainbow coalition , if you will . "
O'Reilly 's comments came during a discussion of opposition by the Times and others to deploying the National Guard to help secure the border .
--
On the May 1 , 2006 , edition of Westwood One 's The Radio Factor , O'Reilly alleged that the " organizers " of nationwide pro-immigrant protests had a " hardcore militant agenda of ' You stole our land , you bad gringos , ' " and that the protest organizers were seeking to " take it back by massive , massive migration into the Southwest . ' " --
On the April 12 , 2006 , broadcast of his radio show , O'Reilly claimed that on the April 11 edition of The O'Reilly Factor , guest Charles Barron , a New York City councilman , had revealed the " hidden agenda " behind the current immigration debate .
O'Reilly told his listeners : " [ T ] he bottom line is Charles Barron said last night is there is a movement in this country to wipe out ' white privilege ' and to have the browning of America . "
O'Reilly suggested that this " hidden agenda " included plans to let " people who live in the Caribbean , people who live in Africa and Asia ... walk in and become citizens immediately . "
From the May 17 edition of Fox News ' The O'Reilly Factor : O'REILLY : Reluctantly , and I mean reluctantly , " Talking Points " is going to support this legislation .
It 's the best we can get and does improve the situation .
But make no mistake , it 's not fair .
It drastically alters the United States of America .
And there will be unintended consequences all over the place .
The new census report says America 's now one - third minority .
And in four states -- California , New Mexico , Texas , and Hawaii -- whites are the minority .
So with the infusion of as many as 20 to 30 million new citizens in the next 10 years , the landscape of America will absolutely change .
Moreover , much as O'Reilly may mewl -- as he does through the rest of this interview , as well as in the subsequent segment in which he whined with other " victims " of the editorial about how mean the New York Times is and how awful it is that you can't talk about immigration without being accused of being a racist -- and claim that he 's been a friend of illegal immigrants , the record is very much to the contrary :
For his part , Bill O'Reilly will often take a story of a specific crime and treat it as though it were a matter of national urgency .
For example , he devoted segments on 13 separate programs to discussion of a case in Virginia Beach in which a drunken driver , who happened to be an undocumented immigrant , killed two young women in a traffic accident .
As tragic as these deaths were , drunken drivers kill dozens of people every day ; according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , there were 16,885 fatalities in alcohol - related auto crashes in 2005.16 O'Reilly was hardly on a crusade against drunken driving ; his interest was in the fact that in this case , the driver was an undocumented immigrant .
17 O'Reilly brushes aside arguments that such cases are unrepresentative -- and even makes attempts to link immigration to terrorism .
" If the local authorities , and they should be part of homeland security , were to be more vigilant on criminal illegal aliens , notice the word criminal , and track them harder , the Fort Dix thing [ a thwarted plot to kill U.S. soldiers ] would have been caught sooner , " he said in June .
" The deaths of the Virginia Beach thing which we talked about .
And all of these guys at 9 - 11 were stopped by local police .
" 18 When O'Reilly is unavailable , his compatriots will pick up the slack .
" The never - ending criminal alien revolving door , " said guest host and conservative columnist Michelle Malkin last August .
" Another heinous crime , another illegal alien suspect with a mile - long rap sheet , another bloody tragedy wrought by open borders .
" 19 O'Reilly also uses the immigration issue to bash " the left " : " The most extreme elements in this country want open borders , blanket amnesty , and entitlement for foreign nationals who have come here illegally , and generally want to change the demographics in the USA so political power can be assumed by the left , " he said last October .
" That is the end game .
" 20
It 's this kind of ugliness that the NYT editorial in question was specifically addressing :
Americans want immigration solved , and they realize that mass deportations will not do that .
When you add the unprecedented engagement of growing numbers of Latino voters in 2008 , it becomes clear that the nativist path is the path to permanent political irrelevance .
Unless you can find a way to get rid of all the Latinos .
What was perhaps more notable than the report itself was the team that delivered it .
It included Bay Buchanan , former adviser to Representative Tom Tancredo and sister of Pat , who founded the American Cause and wrote “ State of Emergency : The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America . ”
She was joined by James Pinkerton , an essayist and Fox News contributor who , as an aide to the first President Bush , took credit for the racist Willie Horton ads run against Michael Dukakis .
So far , so foul .
But even more telling was the presence of Peter Brimelow , a former Forbes editor and founder of Vdare.com , an extremist anti-immigration Web site .
It is named for Virginia Dare , the first white baby born in the English colonies , which tells you most of what you need to know .
Note that Pinkerton and Buchanan both appear in the whinefest that follows the " Impact Segment " :
It 's also in this segment in which O'Reilly declares :
O'Reilly : Look , I 'm gonna take this New York Times on .
I mean it 's war .
Absolutely war .
I 've had enough .
Note that neither the guests nor O'Reilly bother to address the substance of the NYT 's point :
That these " mainstream " conservatives were lending their voices to an enterprise irrevocably tainted by the significant involvement of virulent racists .
It 's not guilt by association when the association is entirely relevant .
For instance , Brimelow , it turns out , is also taking part , as Eric Ward reports , in a " racial awareness " event this coming weekend with the overtly racist British National Party ( essentially the English skinheads party ) at airport hotel in Baltimore :
According to the “ Preserving Western Civilization ” website , one of the goals of the conference is to address white guilt for the “ disappointing performance of blacks . ”
The event , being held at the Four Points Sheraton BWI Airport Hotel in Baltimore , MD , will also feature alleged “ mainstream ” anti-immigrant leader Peter Brimelow .
Brimelow is a regular contributor to white nationalist John Tanton ’s quarterly journal Social Contact Press .
The Times ' own retort is both pointed and on the money :
The reaction in some quarters to our editorial has been furious .
Some accused us of erecting a straw man .
Some said we were “ frothing at the mouth , ” defaming those who do n’t share our supposed traitorous devotion to “ open borders ” and instant citizenship for illegal immigrants .
Bill O’Reilly , who presents himself as a defender of the “ white , Christian male power structure , ” called it “ one of the nastiest pieces of propaganda from the New York Times we ’ve seen in recent memory . ”
For the record , The Times does not support open borders , and never has .
We support comprehensive immigration reform , a combination of stricter enforcement at the border and the workplace , a chance for those already here to earn legalization , and an improved system of future legal immigration .
What Bill O'Reilly , Bay Buchanan , James Pinkerton , Lou Dobbs , Michelle Malkin , and the whole crew of right - wing media transmitters who repackage old racist nonsense for mainstream consumption fail to understand is that merely talking about immigration is n't a sign of racism .
It 's talking about immigration like racists that is .
What usually raises questions of racism is how readily the discussion turns to how Latinos are polluting or diluting white culture , how they 're bringing crime and disease , turning America into " a third world cesspool , " how they 're " invading " the country .
In other words , it is n't talking about immigration that makes people hear racism ; it 's talking racist crap that does .
The favorite whine of O'Reilly , Dobbs , Malkin , and the right - wing nativist cohort is that " it 's not fair that you can't discuss illegal immigration without being accused of being racist . "
But the problem is n't discussing illegal immigration .
Indeed , I think everyone involved would love to have a discussion on immigration without racism rearing its ugly head .
But racism is rearing its ugly head when O'Reilly and Dobbs and Malkin and the whole pack of " immigration reformers " treat white - supremacist propaganda as reliable information and parrot talking points from those white supremacists as well .
Pointing out that they 're doing it is n't the problem .
Pretending that they 're not is .
UPDATE : NewsHounds has more , including detail on the third segment of TORF , which featured even more mewling .
UPDATE II : Scott Lemieux remembers one of the better examples of O'Reilly 's fetish about white male culture .
Social Media is great for raising money and building a community but it's also good for another thing : finding volunteers .
Good volunteers are a staple of any organization and can really help your organization succeed .
So how can you use social media to find them ?
You can post your need for volunteers on Twitter and Facebook .
Even if your followers are n't interested , they might know someone who is .
I found my recent volunteer post with the United Way through Twitter .
Here 's a tip :
If you need a graphic designer , or a writer , or a program coordinator , it 's likely you can find someone using social media .
If you are specific , then your followers will have a better idea of who you are looking for .
So now that you 've got your volunteers , how can you engage them through social media ?
A place for your volunteers to post their experiences , learn about new assignments and events and promote the organization to others .
If a volunteer posts on their own profile that they love working at your organization , that will inspire others to follow .
Everyone loves to be recognized and Twitter is a great way to do that .
A simple note that says what a great job they did , will inspire them to come back again and again .
When volunteers are respected and engaged , they will continue to come back again and again .
Video : Nanotube ribbons flex their artificial muscles
A metre long ribbon of a carbon nanotube ‘ aerogel ’ that could make a robust artificial muscle .
This ribbon more than trebles its width when a voltage is applied ( Image : Ray Baughman )
A new material that is weight for weight stronger than steel and stiffer than diamond , and weighs little more than its volume in air , could be the perfect artificial muscle for robots .
“ We ’ve made a totally new type of artificial muscle that is able to provide performance characteristics that have not previously been obtained , ” says Ray Baughman , a materials scientist at the University of Texas , Dallas , and co-developer of the new muscle .
Baughman and colleagues have developed a technique to make ribbons of tangled nanotubes that expand in width by 220 % when a voltage is applied and then return to their normal size once it is removed .
The process takes only milliseconds .
Advertisement
Tough workers
Collections of those ribbons could act as artificial muscle fibres – for example , to move the limbs of a walking robot , says Baughman .
And the material has other impressive properties .
It is extremely stiff and strong in the “ long ” direction – that in which the nanotubes are aligned – but is as stretchy as rubber across its width .
It also maintains its properties over an extreme range of temperatures : from - 196 °C , at which temperature nitrogen is liquid , to 1538 °C , above the melting point of iron .
This means any robot equipped with the nanotube muscles could potentially keep working in some very extreme environments .
The new material has some advantages over previous artificial muscles .
Some of those work only when bathed in methanol fuel , others are capable of only very small changes in size and none of them work well at extreme temperatures .
Space construction
The tangled nanotubes are constructed into a film that can be described as an aerogel , meaning it contains more air than anything else .
Each cubic centimetre weighs only 1.5 milligrams and , given the film ’s thinness , a single gram would cover 30 square metres .
Ribbons of the aerogel are made by first growing “ forests ” of carbon nanotubes that resemble a dense thicket of bamboo stalks .
The researchers then stick a length of adhesive to the sides of those stalks and pull gently to draw out a long , thin film of the tubes , which tangle during the process .
So far , ribbons a 50th of a millimetre thick by 16 centimetres wide and and several metres long have been made , but it should be possible to form larger sheets by starting with more nanotubes .
Electrical engineer John Madden at the University of British Columbia , who was not involved in developing the material , says that resilience and low density could make it a good material for building structures in space – its lightness keeping down the cost of sending a payload into orbit .
However , the low density could be a problem , says Boris Yakobson , a materials scientist at Rice University in Houston .
The new material is roughly as strong as human muscle by weight , but , because it is 1000 times less dense , a large volume would be needed to match the strength of , say , a human arm .
Research should focus on making a denser material with the same properties , he says .
“ What they present sounds great and motivating .
Yet , I would say , for applications it still needs a lot of improvement . ”
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1168312 )
All UK households will have a green makeover by 2030 under government plans to reduce carbon emissions and cut energy bills .
Cavity wall and loft insulation will be available for all suitable homes , with plans to retrofit 400,000 homes a year by 2015 .
Financial incentives for householders will also be available for low - carbon technologies such as solar panels , biomass boilers and ground source heat pumps , paid for by a levy on utility companies .
The government wants a quarter of homes ( 7 m ) to benefit from the schemes by 2020 , extending to all UK households by 2030 .
The strategy could help cut household carbon emissions by a third by 2020 , part of its target to reduce overall UK emissions by 80 % by 2050 .
Currently , homes account for 27 % of the UK 's carbon emissions through heating and power .
The plans were welcomed in principle by green groups and energy campaigners , though many were still concerned by the lack urgency in the proposals – which might only begin in 2012 – or detail on how the majority of the plans will be funded .
Energy and climate change secretary Ed Miliband said : " We need to move from incremental steps forward on household energy efficiency to a comprehensive national plan – the Great British refurb . "
" We know the scale of the challenge : wasted energy is costing families on average £ 300 a year , and more than a quarter of all our emissions are from our homes .
Energy efficiency and low - carbon energy are the fairest routes to curbing emissions , saving money for families , improving our energy security and insulating us from volatile fossil fuel prices . "
Under the proposals , a Renewable Heating Incentive would tax utility companies and then use the money to build up smaller - scale energy networks .
A spokesman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) said the levy , intended to start in 2011 , would not affect today 's household bills .
" We have to consult on how it will work and , in fact , our proposals would have little impact on prices for many years , apart from cutting billing for those who take up the offer of help . "
In addition , householders could be paid for any electricity they feed into the national grid from their power - generating facilities .
Miliband said the challenge to retrofit homes was similar to the UK's " dash for gas " in the 1960s .
" Every cooker , every boiler , every gas fire in the country had to be adjusted .
Changing more than 32 million appliances , of 8,000 different makes and models .
Each appliance , house by house , visiting more than 14 million homes .
And in today 's prices , the cost they estimated for this was almost £ 6 billion .
Why did they do it ?
Because they thought long - term and realised that the shift that they started before I was even born would still benefit us today .
We face the same situation again . "
Paul King , chief executive of the UK Green Building Council ( UKGBC ) said the proposals were suitably ambitious but also needed the Treasury behind them .
" As Lord Stern said yesterday , energy efficiency in homes and buildings should be part of a green stimulus .
Financial incentives are needed to encourage major green refurbishments – the precedent has already been set with stamp duty rebates for zero- carbon homes . "
According to Greenpeace UK , a programme to upgrade the housing stock alone would require £ 3.5 - £ 6.5 bn per year until 2050 .
Nathan Argent , head of energy solutions at Greenpeace , said : " Tackling energy efficiency is the fastest way to cut emissions , boost our energy security , revitalise the economy and create tens of thousands of jobs .
And , obviously , this will cut household bills too .
But this plan needs much more investment right now .
The government needs to put their wallet where their mouth is . "
Miliband said that costs of efficiency measures would pay itself back over time in reduced bills .
Despite that , he said there should be no upfront cost for consumers and part of today 's consultation will look for ways to finance the strategy - energy companies , local authorities or even private companies might foot the bills for the necessary refurbishments .
Andrew Warren of the Association for the Conservation of Energy was concerned that the government had redefined the meaning of insulation to meet its current insulation targets , set by Gordon Brown last year , of getting 6 m homes fully insulated over the next three years .
" Most people think of insulation as the stuff you shove in your loft or put around your walls , " he said .
The current DECC definition , he said , can also include draft - proofing of letterboxes or replacing windows .
" At the moment , even by the most generous interpretation , you 're not even halfway towards the 6 m [ target announced by Gordon Brown ] . . "
Danny Stevens , policy director of the Environmental Industries Commission said that setting targets for energy efficiency was not enough .
" All we have today is the launch of yet another consultation .
This undermines the urgency of tackling climate change and ignores the huge economic benefits of ambitious environmental protection measures . "
That sentiment was echoed by Philip Sellwood , chief executive of the Energy Saving Trust ( EST ) , who said the time for talking is now over .
" We are not short of ideas ; we just need action and now .
Armed with the knowledge that 70 % of our current housing stock will still be around in 2050 , we know we need to be bold . "
He added : " If we throw everything at our existing housing stock – based on today 's technologies only – we could reduce household carbon emissions by 50 % . "
The EST said there are 7.3 m cavity walls that could be filled with insulation , 7 m solid walls that could be insulated , and 12.9 m lofts which do not have the recommended depth of insulation , and 4.5 m G - rated ( the least efficient ) gas boilers .
Shadow energy and climate change secretary Greg Clark said the government was " delaying rather than getting on and adopting our scheme immediately , when it is desperately needed . "
Last month , the Conservatives proposed giving an allowance of up to £ 6,500 to every household in the UK for energy efficiency improvements , the same figure announced today by the Lib - Dems to refurbish homes .
In their Warm Homes strategy , the party aims to upgrade more than two million homes a year for 10 years , and would award the contracts to regional building companies rather than large national companies such as Wimpey and Barratt .
Today 's Decc strategy also includes ideas to encourage microgeneration , where homeowners and local communities generate their own heat or power .
Makers of children 's products and charities that run second - hand shops are stuck with more than $ 1 billion of inventory they can't sell because of a new federal product - safety law , according to surveys by trade groups and the charities .
The goods , which have -- or are suspected of having -- illegal levels of lead or plastic - softening chemicals called phthalates , include everything from beach balls to second - hand clothes to brand - new all - terrain vehicles for children .
The goods -- piled up in warehouses and storerooms -- will ...
The Supreme Court ruled last week , in a 5 - 4 decision along the usual conservative / liberal lines , that evidence collected by police due to police mistakes can be used against defendants .
The decision came in a case in which police mistakenly arrested a man named Bennie Herring of Alabama .
During the arrest , they found methamphetamine and an empty gun in his car .
It turned out , however , that the arrest warrant that the officers used to arrest Herring had been revoked months before .
The police 's database had mistakenly not been updated to reflect the change .
I ’m not a legal scholar , but I do n’t think that the decision is a good one for America .
In all societies , there is a balance between government power and individual rights .
In dictatorships the pendulum swings very far towards the government ; in libertarian governments the pendulum swings in the opposite direction .
In our democracy we have prided ourselves in always trying to let the pendulum swing a bit more towards the individual rights side .
Some of the proudest moments in our history have been when groups of individuals have won victories against the forces that would limit them .
I ’m thinking specifically of the Civil War ; Teddy Roosevelt ’s wars against the giant trusts in the early 20th century ; FDR ’s victory over entrenched interests during the Great Depression ; and the Civil Rights movement of the 1950s and 60s .
I ’m not trying to argue that I think Bennie Herring is an innocent victim .
In fact , I ’d say that under normal circumstances he probably deserves to go to jail .
But I ’d also say just as emphatically that he , and everyone else , deserves the protection of the law — even if he is a very imperfect citizen .
Rules limiting police power are not intended to allow people to get away with crimes ; they ’re intended to ensure that police do not abuse their already substantial power over individual citizens .
The Constitution does n’t only limit government ; it protects citizens .
Because the police did n’t follow the rules in Bennie Herring ’s case , even if their mistake was unintentional , they should not be allowed to use the tainted evidence against him .
The balance between government power and individual rights is a delicate one , and it is constantly shifting based on popular opinions and legislative changes .
Too many times in the past decade we have allowed the balance to shift too far towards government .
Bennie Herring ’s case is one example .
As Americans we pride ourselves on individual rights .
Let ’s make sure going forward that we do our best not to let the government have any more power than it needs to keep us free .
UPDATE !!!
UPDATE !!!
UPDATE !!!
I have a more in depth commentary on Holder ’s comments and Chuck Grassley ’s inane response online today on The Hill ‘s influential Congress blog — which is primarily read by Capitol Hill insiders , members of Congress , staffers , and legislative aides .
You can read my commentary here .
Want to send Sen .
Grassley a firm message right in his backyard ?
Post some feedback on The Hill ‘s blog and your comments will get to him loud and clear .
Republican Congressman Charles Grassley ( R - Iowa ) really , really does n’t like the idea of patients using medical cannabis — even when their use is compliant with state and local laws .
Just hours after U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder reaffirmed that he will no longer authorize the federal justice department to undermine statewide medical marijuana laws , Grassley lashed out .
“ The first rule of medicine , first do no harm , is being violated by the attorney general by his decision , ” said Grassley , whose comments were reported by the Associated Press .
Funny , last time I checked Chuck Grassley represented the state of Iowa and only the state of Iowa , which is not one of the thirteen states that have legalized the possession and use of medical cannabis under state law .
If Senator Grassley so desperately wants to control what people do in states other than his own perhaps he should consider running for President .
Or , better yet , maybe he should just mind his own business !
Senator Grassley ’s arrogant comments are an affront to the 72 million Americans who reside in states where the use of medical cannabis is legal , and are objectionable to the 80 percent of voters nationwide who support the physician - supervised use of therapeutic cannabis .
Offended ?
Insulted ?
Just plain pissed off ?
Then why not give him a piece of your mind ?
After all , he certainly does n’t mind imposing his own views upon you .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Sam Charters lecture on Jack Kerouac and jazz at the Jack Kerouac conference is simply fascinating .
Not big Jazz aficionados ourselves , the lecture includes discussions on jazz of the Beat generation , be - bop , Thelonius Monk , Dizzy Gillespie , Charlie Parker , and a recording of Kerouac and Steve Allen reading “ Mexico City blues . ”
And it all makes sense , even to our untrained ears .
Recorded in 1982 , and coming straight from The Naropa University Archive Project , the NUAP is a collection representing several generations of artists who have contributed to aesthetic and cultural change in the postmodern era .
The Naropa University Archive Project seeks to enhance appreciation and understanding of post - World War II American literature and its role in social change , cultural criticism , and the literary arts through widespread dissemination of the actual voices of the poets and writers of this period .
Shakey
Time ’s felt as though they ’d been given a very very early Christmas present on discovering all this was free too .
If you like Kerouac or Jazz , you ’ll fall over backwards when you realise just how good this talk is .
If you do n’t like either , you ’ll still probably have to take a take a moment afterwards .
Genius .
On the road : The Jack Kerouac conference , Sam Charters lecture , Jack and jazz , July , 1982 .
A new compound imitating cannabinoids from cannabis drugs may improve the fertility of tobacco smokers .
Two - thirds of the male tobacco smokers will exhibit a small or a significant decrease in fertility , some with serious loss , characterized by low sperm count and low percentage sperm motility .
" Nicotine addiction is quite powerful .
The best solution is to stop smoking and then wean yourself off of all nicotine products .
But for smokers who can't quit , the in vitro use of AM - 1346 may significantly improve their fertilizing capacity . " explained Lani Burkman , associate professor in the departments of gynecology / obstetrics and urology and head of the Section on Andrology in the University of Buffalo School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences .
The sperm from male smokers exposed to a synthetic chemical called AM - 1346 - a synthetic version of a natural cannabinoid found in the human body and cannabis - doubled its fertilizing capacity .
The same team previously showed that fertilizing ability of the sperm is altered by nicotine , whether in vitro , or through long - term tobacco use .
In the new study , nine selected smokers were assessed for sperm fertilizing potential checking the binding ability on the outside cover of a human egg , " zona pellucida " .
4 men had a high number of sperm attaching to the egg ( normal fertilizing potential , Group I ) , while 5 other smokers had sperm with poor egg binding ( poor fertilizing potential , Group II ) .
The researchers sought how poor fertilizing capacity from smokers could be improved .
They looked at the potential interaction between two chemical systems that control sperm .
" Human sperm carry the cholinergic receptor , which responds to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , " explained Burkman .
" Nicotine mimics acetylcholine and binds to the cholinergic receptor . "
The second chemical system involves cannabinoid receptors , which respond to cannabis ( like marijuana and hash ) , as well as natural cannabinoids from the body .
" Research from other scientists indicates that the cholinergic system and the cannabinoid system naturally regulate human sperm and help prepare them for fertilizing an egg , " she said .
" This natural regulation is out of balance for the majority of smokers when sperm are continuously exposed to nicotine . "
" We think there is an important communication between the cannabinoid and cholinergic receptor systems in human sperm , " said Burkman .
" In 22 Hemizona tests , we showed that the response to AM - 1346 depended on the initial fertility of the tobacco smoker , and if his semen showed poor quality , meaning low sperm count and low percentage motility . "
The sperm from Group II individuals was exposed to AM - 1346 for several hours and then retested .
In all cases resulted an increase of sperm binding to the egg varying from 133 % to 330 % ( a 201 % mean ) .
" In contrast , " said Burkman , " samples from Group I ( normal fertility , normal semen quality ) reacted in the opposite manner .
This two - way , or biphasic , response is common for cannabinoid action .
With Group I , the drug AM - 1346 caused a substantial decrease in sperm binding to the egg for eight out of nine samples .
" This opposite response must be studied further , " Burkman said .
" It might be tied to early - versus - late steps in fertilization , where it is expected that one process is slowed down while another process is stimulated . "
" It does appear that sperm functioning in tobacco smokers with low fertility and low semen quality is quite different when compared to smokers with higher fertility and good semen quality .
Nicotine appears to change the sperm membranes and sperm receptors .
It also raises the question of why sperm from some smokers is protected from the effects of tobacco and nicotine . "
Getty Images
AS THE lunar new year holiday winds down in China , millions of workers are expected to stream back from the countryside to jobs in the cities .
But in Xinji , a fur - and leather - processing city in northern China and a big producer of holiday fireworks , there will be little to go back to .
The global economic crisis has dealt a hefty blow to this once booming city .
China 's leaders are struggling to cope with the biggest upsurge of unemployment the country has faced in years .
Migrants from the countryside , the main source of labour for export - oriented industries and construction sites , have been the hardest hit so far .
Millions have been thrown out of work .
Urban white - collar workers , for years pampered by double - digit growth , speak of shrinking bonuses and frozen wages .
Some are losing jobs , too .
Students , whom the government always fears upsetting , face the most difficult employment prospects since the upheaval in Tiananmen Square 20 years ago .
As the Communist Party prepares to celebrate 60 years in power on October 1st , it worries that citizens will be in a fractious mood .
Xinji sits about four hours ' drive south of Beijing , in the dusty plain of Hebei province .
It is typical of China 's many fast - emerging cities , driven by the big ambitions of local governments .
It is now just as typical of the many Chinese boomtowns that are hitting the buffers .
Xinji has suffered badly from falling demand for its clothing exports .
By November , most of its factories had closed two months earlier than normal for the spring festival break .
Tens of thousands of workers went back to their nearby villages , expecting to return after the holiday .
Many wo n't do so .
This is a huge problem for Xinji 's government , whose aspirations are symbolised by the city 's new town with its broad boulevards , an Eiffel - Tower - like structure at one crossroads and a rocket - shaped protrusion on top of the leather - clothing exhibition centre .
It had been planning for an average of 13 % growth a year for the rest of the decade .
When thousands of Chinese factories began to halt production late last year as export orders dried up , much attention focused on the travails of Guangdong , an export - driven southern province bordering on Hong Kong .
Several protests broke out as factories there closed down , leaving employees unpaid .
But after making their point , many of the workers departed for their home villages in distant inland provinces .
Xinji 's workers are mainly local .
It can not shed its difficulties so easily .
Nor can many other towns and cities across China .
Figures relating to the country 's migrant labour force are vague .
But officials believe that of more than 200 m non-agricultural workers from the countryside , more than 80 m work close to their villages .
The proportion working closer to home has increased in recent years , as more jobs have appeared inland that offer better conditions than factory work in Guangdong and other places on the coast .
In Maoying village on the edge of Xinji , next to a leather - processing zone , the Communist Party chief , Li Qiangbao , says 400 villagers would normally be employed in nearby factories .
Mr Li says he thinks many of them will still be able to find at least some work after the holiday , but they will be earning less .
This may be over - optimistic .
Marc Blecher of Oberlin College says Xinji is a good example of “ market Leninism ” in China .
Its government - inspired focus mainly on one line of business helped it prosper , but may be its undoing .
In the early 1990s local leaders decided that Xinji 's future lay in leather and fur .
They compelled the area 's widely scattered village - run tanneries to consolidate and move to new industrial zones where , supposedly , they could enjoy economies of scale and control pollution better .
They established a huge leather and fur - trading centre and encouraged entrepreneurs to look abroad for markets .
Most of Xinji's fur and leather exports ended up in the former Soviet Union , Russia in particular .
To get around slow and cumbersome customs procedures , most Xinji exporters hired Russian middlemen with government connections to speed things up .
Officials worried about this capricious system and an over - reliance on Russia , but quality was not quite good enough for a big push into Western markets .
The city prospered anyway .
By its own reckoning , Xinji 's economy grew by 13.4 % in 2007 ( close to the national rate ) , with leather and fur products making up about 80 % of its exports of more than $ 200 m .
Until the global crisis hit , around 80 % of these products were sold abroad .
“ Protect Eight ”
Chinese officials — Xinji 's included — often proclaim that high growth is crucial for social stability .
They say that 8 % is the minimum needed to prevent joblessness from triggering serious unrest ( more serious , that is , than the tens of thousands of mostly small protests that occur every year in China , even at the best of times ) .
The figure may be arbitrary , but the frequent repetition of the “ Protect Eight ” mantra sends a clear signal to local authorities that they cannot afford to slacken .
Most of them have aimed for , and achieved , much higher targets in this decade .
The governments of Xinji and many towns like it must now be worried .
Early this month Xinji 's party chief , Zhang Guoliang , told a gathering of senior officials that maintaining high growth remained “ an unshirkable task ” .
But he lowered his sights .
In 2009 , he said , Xinji would strive for 10 % GDP growth along with an 8 % increase in farmers ' net incomes and an 11 % rise in urban disposable incomes .
In a city of idle or semi-idle factories , this still sounds ambitious .
In the past Xinji has found it hard to benefit from export - tax rebates , such as those announced by the central government late last year in an effort to revive labour - intensive industries .
Because of the dodgy methods used to ship goods to Russia , there are no receipts for claiming the rebates .
China 's system of residential registration , a legacy of the Mao era that divides citizens into urban and rural according to their parentage , means that workers from villages around Xinji who work in the city 's leather factories remain , technically , farmers .
Their wages are therefore counted in the farmers ' net income category .
( Xinji , like all Chinese cities , includes an urban area and a much larger rural hinterland .
Its official urban population , including “ farmers ” who have stayed longer than six months , is around 200,000 .
More than 400,000 live in the countryside . )
This makes Mr Zhang 's income - boosting goal an especially tough one .
About a third of the income of Xinji's “ farmers ” derives from the leather industry .
In Maoying village around two - thirds comes from leather and other non-farming work .
Zhang Jianmin , of Minzu University in Beijing , reckons that around 10 % of Chinese workers from the countryside who are employed beyond their home areas will be out of a job this year — about 15 m people .
Officials have little idea what will happen to them .
Many , they hope , will scatter across the countryside where , though disaffected , they will at least have food and shelter .
Another Maoist legacy is the entitlement of those classified as rural dwellers to the use of a piece of land .
It is usually tiny , but big enough to live on .
In recent years , however , millions of farmers have lost all their land to relentless urban expansion ( local governments have profited massively from selling appropriated rural land to developers ) .
Many of these farmers have been absorbed into the urban workforce , but often not into urban social - security schemes .
They face a perilous future .
Millions of jobless migrants may well remain in cities , if not protesting then at least pushing up crime rates .
The central government is anxious to cushion the blow .
It has made it easier for farmers to register new businesses and has encouraged banks to lend them money .
Local authorities say they are providing free job training for returning migrants .
President Hu Jintao has just announced big increases this year in agricultural subsidies .
But there are reasons to be sceptical .
Few rural folk may be keen to start new businesses during a slowdown , even if the state - owned banks are willing to lend to them ( most farmers have little to use as collateral , since their land - use rights cannot be mortgaged ) .
Local governments in poorer provinces , where most migrant workers come from , may well balk at spending more money on training at a time when their revenues are falling .
One Chinese newspaper said boosting grain subsidies would probably be offset by the continuing high cost of fertiliser .
In Maoying village a poster announces a plan to boost benefits for participants in a new rural health - care scheme , which has been rolled out across the country over the past few years .
Yang Lianyun of the Hebei Academy of Social Sciences says that government subsidies for this scheme have increased by 50 % this year in Shijiazhuang prefecture , to which Xinji belongs .
But the impact of this may also be less than meets the eye .
Even with such increases , rural residents still have to pay a large part of hospitalisation costs out of their own pockets .
Some prefer not to go .
On top of a 4 trillion yuan ( $ 585 billion ) stimulus package announced in November , the government said on January 21st that it would spend 850 billion yuan on extending health insurance to more than 90 % of citizens over the next three years .
But details of both plans have yet to be announced .
Barber - shop discontents
The government has some grounds for hoping that it can weather the rural storm .
Vague and incomplete government statistics suggest that protests have been rising generally in China in recent years .
Most of them have occurred in rural areas , often as a result of land seizures .
In a barber shop in Maoying , customers fume about pollution and local corruption ( sentiments echoed on local internet forums ) .
But protests have been directed against local governments and have not explicitly challenged the Communist Party 's monopoly of power .
There is also little sign of co-ordination among different disaffected groups .
With some notable exceptions , the party is getting better at handling unrest .
In Hebei province the authorities are keen to maintain social calm , since the province surrounds the capital as well as the port city of Tianjin .
Directives on dealing with “ sudden incidents ” , issued by Xinji last year , repeat the central government 's constant slogan that “ stability is paramount ” .
They stress the need to placate protesters rather than respond with force .
Rural China is no stranger to sharp employment fluctuations .
In 2003 , during an outbreak of SARS , many migrant workers were forced to return to their villages for several weeks .
Migrants in and around Beijing also experienced severe disruption before and during the Olympic games in August last year , when the government ordered the temporary closure of many dirty industries and restricted movement to the capital .
Neither episode triggered serious unrest , despite the blow to incomes .
In the late 1990s , even amid the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 , China resolutely carried out a massive restructuring of its state - owned enterprises ( SOEs ) .
Some 40 m lost their jobs .
As many people lost their jobs each year as the number forecast for migrant labourers this year .
It was traumatic for those involved , who ( unlike today 's migrant workers ) believed that they enjoyed jobs for life .
Protests were frequent ; some , in the rustbelt of the north - east in 2002 , were the largest China had experienced in many years .
The unrest was urban , close to seats of party power and embarrassing to a party that prided itself on being the champion of the proletariat .
Yet , apart from an adjustment of party rhetoric that year towards a more pro-poor line , the political fallout was minimal .
But there are important differences between then and now .
For one thing , the SOE restructuring hit blue - collar workers hard even as the middle class — a new pillar of support for the party — was beginning to grow and flourish .
At the same time as closing down , selling off and merging SOEs , the government virtually gave away the housing stock attached to them .
This ensured that laid - off workers still had somewhere affordable to live ( they also got subsistence payments that today 's migrants would envy ) .
And it gave the new middle class an asset base that would soar in value — until , that is , the deflation of China 's property bubble last year and the onset of the current crisis .
Restless citizens , dangerous students
Now the party faces broader discontent .
China 's notoriously contentious unemployment figures , which do not cover migrant workers ( no statistics are published for rural joblessness ) , look rosy beside those of some Western countries .
But they suggest a growing problem .
On January 20th the government said the urban unemployment rate in 2008 rose to 4.2 % , up from 4 % the previous year and the first increase in five years .
The government 's target for this year is to keep the rate below 4.6 % — the highest figure since 1980 .
EPA
Idle graduates find a new occupation
In Xinji it is the relatively pampered urban workforce ( by official classification ) that has been the first to break ranks .
For three days , beginning on January 8th , as many as 300 workers from the Xinji Spinning and Weaving Company gathered outside the city government 's headquarters to demand the subsistence wages promised by their employers when the former state - owned factory closed in August .
Since the SOE reforms a decade ago , the internet has become a far more widely used and powerful medium for dissent .
Protesters in Xinji used it to draw attention to their complaints .
Many citizens wrote messages on a local bulletin board expressing their support .
One of Xinji 's deputy mayors met the demonstrators and helped to arrange payment of the overdue money , possibly ( some say ) with government funds .
Buying protesters ' silence is a frequent tactic of local officials , who fear that visible unrest may tarnish their careers .
Among urban citizens , it is the job prospects of graduates that worry officials most .
A rapid increase in the number of university places in recent years has been accompanied by declining numbers of college leavers who regard themselves as suitably employed .
A record 5.6 m graduated last year , nearly 650,000 more than the year before .
Another 6.1 m will graduate in 2009 .
Around 1.5 m , however , were jobless at the end of last year .
This month China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , convened a cabinet meeting to discuss the problem ( “ If you are worried , I am more worried than you , ” he had told students during a campus visit earlier ) .
The government said it would give loans to graduates to help them start businesses as well as to companies that employ them .
Discontent among students is particularly alarming to Chinese officials because of the historical role they have played in political upheavals , from the anarchic Cultural Revolution in the late 1960s to the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
The authorities will be particularly vigilant around May 4th , the 90th anniversary of student - led protests that led to the birth of the communist movement , and on June 4th , the 20th anniversary of the suppression of nationwide student demonstrations calling for more democracy .
The students involved in the 1989 unrest were also disheartened by grim job prospects .
But there has been little sign of political activism among students in recent years .
They have taken to the streets only to make nationalist points , and in support of the government .
The authorities worry about the destabilising potential of nationalist ferment too , but far less than it does about calls for democratic reform .
Whether or not unemployment brings unrest on the scale seen in 1989 , the party will be severely challenged over the next few months .
Disagreement is growing within its own ranks , and between different parts of the bureaucracy , over how to spend the money earmarked for stimulus measures and how to prevent it being siphoned off , or pocketed , by local governments .
President Hu and Mr Wen will face considerable pressure to do more to help farmers and the urban poor .
Just before the lunar new year the government announced unprecedented one - off payments totalling 9.7 billion yuan to 74 m people living close to the poverty line .
President
Hu also sought to burnish his political credentials by visiting Jinggangshan , an area known as the cradle of the Chinese communist revolution .
In January 2008 a law was implemented that made it harder to fire employees .
Now some complain that it is being widely ignored .
Other laws are being stretched , too .
In December Xinji 's environmental bureau said that in order to “ address the negative impact ” of the crisis , it would “ simplify ” procedures in order to provide swift clearance for those projects that would create “ little ” or no pollution — a strong hint that it was lowering its guard .
Wu Xiaoling , a former vice governor of the central bank and now a senior legislator , is said to have suggested recently that GDP growth should cease to be used to judge officials ' performance .
Improving “ public welfare ” should instead be given top priority , she said .
Messrs Hu and Wen want to keep both the pro-growth and the pro-welfare camps happy ( more welfare spending , they reckon , could help consumers to save less and spend more ) .
But most of all they want local governments to keep factories and businesses open .
Bree Jacks says it ’s tough to have a girls ’ night out in San Jose .
There are just too many guys , drawn like ducks to bread crumbs , “ googling ” any group of females for a potential hookup .
“ I think it ’s pretty good for the girls , ” said Elizabeth Harris , a recent transplant from Los Angeles who finds San Jose ’s legions of eager men “ refreshing . ”
She was the only woman sitting at a bar lined with men at downtown ’s Mission Ale House — aka : the Mission Male House .
“ You can be more picky .
They have to try harder .
They all try to one - up each other . ”
But while Mountain View , Sunnyvale , Milpitas and Santa Clara are even more heavily male than San Jose , new census data has unearthed the surprise existence of verifiable female turf in Silicon Valley .
Some of the most affluent communities , including Los Altos , Los Gatos , Cupertino and Saratoga , are predominantly female , even among young adults .
In Los Altos , Mayor Megan Satterlee could n’t explain the mystery of why there are only about 85 men for every 100 women among adults aged 20 to 44 , and she wondered how those newly released numbers from the U.S. Census Bureau could be true .
Nevertheless , a two - block stretch of downtown Los Altos shouts out the proof :
Two dozen hair salons , nail parlors and clothing boutiques dominate the landscape with nary a sports bar in sight .
“ There used to be a men ’s store , ” Satterlee said .
“ It used to exist but it just kind of died out at some point . ”
The numbers rang true to three 18 - year - old dudes — Justin Carella , Mitch Parsons , and Brian Isbell — happily hanging out recently in Los Altos .
In neighboring Mountain View , where Isbell lives , the Census Bureau says there are about 125 men for every 100 women .
“ Why , ” Isbell said with a big grin on his face , “ do you think I ’m here ? ”
To be young and single is to know the monikers for the imbalanced social life in the capital of Silicon Valley — Man Jose and the Guy Glut .
Guess what ?
With the workforce of some of Silicon Valley ’s largest companies more than two - thirds male in recent years , the Valley ’s gender imbalance has grown .
San Jose has one of the most heavily male populations among the nation ’s big cities , according to the new 2005 - 07 data .
The mismatch is particularly acute — or favorable , depending on your point of view — for younger adults .
Among people between 20 and 45 years old , 54 percent of San Jose ’s population lifts the dreaded toilet seat , meaning there are about 117 men for every 100 women .
That ’s up from about 111 men for every 100 women since 2000 .
Silicon Valley is far from being the most male place in the country , a distinction that belongs to cities with prisons and military bases .
But , at 51.3 percent male , San Jose is even more male than San Francisco , despite the clustering of gay men in the Castro district .
There ’s no mystery about why much of Silicon Valley is so male - dominated , said Andrew Hacker , the author of “ Mismatch : The Growing Gulf Between Men and Women . ”
He says just look at the tech jobs in Silicon Valley and the graduating classes of engineering schools , which remain overwhelmingly male .
“ Hey , it ’s a bit like the mining camps ” of the California Gold Rush , where young men come to make their fortune , Hacker said of the Valley .
Indeed , migration of men from other states , rather than immigration from abroad , is what created the imbalance .
Of the young U.S. - born adults who moved to Santa Clara County from other states , 56 percent are male , according to Hans Johnson , a demographer for the Public Policy Institute of California .
“ It is the nature of the labor market that tech and computer science workers are more likely to be male , ” Johnson said .
More than two - thirds of the workforce is male at several big Silicon Valley companies , including Cisco Systems , Intel and Advanced Micro Devices , according to 2005 data obtained by the Bay Area News Group through a federal Freedom of Information request .
Other companies , including Google and Yahoo , refused to comply with the request , claiming the information as a trade secret or a worker privacy violation .
The gender imbalance decreases at older ages , as men — apparently the less fit of the two sexes — die off .
But for younger men like Rigo Pantoja , a 25 - year - old bartender who sees plenty of male - female interactions at the downtown club where he works , San Jose ’s gender imbalance is a problem .
“ It ’s the attitude girls have because they can be picky , so they can blow off any dude they want .
And I think guys have to throw money at girls now to get more attention , ” he said .
“ Pretty much the girls I know go to Campbell or Santana Row , because that ’s where all the guys with money go . ”
Meanwhile , others offer that gender imbalance makes the night life business in the Valley tougher .
“ It is hard to get the women in here , ” said bartender Tricia Thoren at the Mission Ale House , which has held Ladies Nights and other events to battle the boys club reputation .
The numbers of men downtown can be so large , Thoren said , that many women can feel intimidated .
“ One or two women wo n’t come in by themselves because they ’ll look inside and see all these guys , and it ’s like , oh my God , ” said Wolfe Cevorov , who works in a downtown club .
“ A lot of my girlfriends are going to other places , like Palo Alto , San Francisco , because it ’s gotten so big , these crowds of men . ”
The gender imbalance may be causing relationship problems at one end of Silicon Valley , but relationship problems may be causing the gender imbalance at the other .
In Los Altos , for example , census data shows there are more than twice as many divorced or separated women as men .
“ Those are family towns , ” said Johnson , the PPIC demographer .
“ It might be likely that when people get divorced , the wife ends up with primary custody of the kids and the house , and the man ends up moving out . ”
Maybe to Mountain View .
Students tie £ 56 camera to balloon and send it to edge of space to capture stunning images of Earth
Teenagers with a £ 56 camera and latex balloon have managed to take stunning pictures from 20 miles above Earth .
Proving that you do n't need Google 's billions or the BBC weather centre 's resources , the four Spanish students managed to send a camera - operated weather balloon into the stratosphere .
Taking atmospheric readings and photographs , the Meteotek team of IES La Bisbal school in Spanish Catalonia completed their incredible experiment at the end of February this year .
Astronomic achievement :
An image of the stratosphere taken by the group of four Spanish students by tying a camera to a balloon and sending it to the edge of space
Do n't look down :
Part of the balloon can be seen in the lower right corner of this image taken by the £ 56 camera 20 miles above Earth
Building the electronic sensor components from scratch , Gerard Marull Paretas , Sergi Saballs Vil , Martm Gasull Morcillo and Jaume Puigmiquel Casamort were able to send their heavy duty £ 43 latex balloon to the edge of space and take readings of its ascent .
Under the guidance of teacher Jordi Fanals Oriol , the budding scientists , all aged 18 to 19 , followed the progress of their balloon using hi-tech sensors communicating with Google Earth .
' Meteotek was our experiment to see if we could accurately measure the Earth 's atmospheric conditions at 30,000 metres , take pictures to prove the experiment and then recover the instruments attached to the balloon after its deflation , ' said team leader Paretas , 18 .
' We were overwhelmed at our results , especially the photographs .
To send our handmade craft to the edge of space is incredible . '
Nasa take note :
The digital camera attached to the weather balloon that snapped the incredible images
To successfully conduct the experiment , the team had to account for a wide variety of variables and rely on a lot of luck .
' The balloon we chose was inflated with helium to just over two metres and weighed just 1,500g , ' said Paretas .
' It was able to carry the sensor equipment and digital Nikon camera which weighed 1.5kg .
' However , when we launched at 9.10 am on that morning , the critical point for the experiment was to see if the balloon would make it past 10,000 m , or 30,000 ft , which is the altitude that commercial airliners fly at . '
Due to the changing atmospheric pressures , the helium weather balloon carrying the meteorological equipment was expected to inflate to a maximum of nine and a half metres as it travelled upwards at 270 metres per minute .
Innovative : The students and their teacher Jordi Fanals Oriol
' We took readings as the balloon rose and mapped its progress using Google Earth and the onboard radio receiver , ' said Paretas .
' At over 100,000 ft , the balloon lost its inflation and the equipment was returned to the earth .
' We travelled 10 km to find the sensors and photographic card , which was still emitting its signal , even though it had been exposed to the most extreme conditions . '
The pupils ' amazing school science project has already caught the attention of the University of Wyoming in the US , and the Meteotek team keep those interested updated with regular blogs and updates to their Twitter feed .
' It was a great experience and a successful flight after spending a lot of time , even after - school hours , on afternoons and during my summer holidays , ' said Paretas .
' We put in a lot of effort , we did a lot of tests before flights .
' We also have learned that in practice , things are not so simple and in the field problems appear that a textbook can't help you with . '
My apologies to those who have already read this , but for those who have n’t this is just too good not to share .
Since December 2008 , the Knox e-mail to GM has been making its way to inboxes all over the world ; I learned of it only yesterday when listening to Neal Boortz yesterday .
Within an hour of Boortz reading the now infamous e-mail , Knox himself called the show to verify the authenticity of the letter .
The letter has also been verified to be “ correctly attributed ” to Mr. Knox by Snopes .
First , the abridged letter from Troy Clarke , President of General Motors North America
Congress and the current Administration will soon determine whether to provide immediate support to the domestic auto industry to help it through one of the most difficult economic times in our nation ’s history .
Your elected officials must hear from all of us now on why this support is critical to our continuing the progress we began prior to the global financial crisis [ … ]
As an employee or supplier , you have a lot at stake and continue to be one of our most effective and passionate voices .
I know GM can count on you to have your voice heard .
Knox wrote the following e-mail in response and had originally sent a cc to his mother who then asked if she could forward it to her friends .
Shortly thereafter , the e-mail went viral ( and after reading it , you ’ll understand why ) .
Gentlemen :
In response to your request to contact legislators and ask for a bailout for the Big Three automakers please consider the following , and please pass my thoughts on to Troy Clark , President of General Motors North America .
Politicians and Management of the Big 3 are both infected with the same entitlement mentality that has spread like cancerous germs in UAW halls for the last countless decades , and whose plague is now sweeping this nation , awaiting our new “ messiah ” , Pres-elect Obama , to wave his magic wand and make all our problems go away , while at the same time allowing our once great nation to keep “ living the dream ” …
Believe me folks ,
The dream is over !
This dream where we can ignore the consumer for years while management myopically focuses on its personal rewards packages at the same time that our factories have been filled with the worlds most overpaid , arrogant , ignorant and laziest entitlement minded “ laborers ” without paying the price for these atrocities … this dream where you still think the masses will line up to buy our products for ever and ever .
Do n’t even think about telling me I ’m wrong .
Do n’t accuse me of not knowing of what I speak .
I have called on Ford , GM , Chrysler , TRW , Delphi , Kelsey Hayes , American Axle and countless other automotive OEM ’s throughout the Midwest during the past 30 years and what I ’ve seen over those years in these union shops can only be described as disgusting .
Troy Clarke , President of General Motors North America , states : “ There is widespread sentiment throughout this country , and our government , and especially via the news media , that the current crisis is completely the result of bad management which it certainly is not . ”
You ’re right Mr. Clarke , it ’s not JUST management … how about the electricians who walk around the plants like lords in feudal times , making people wait on them for countless hours while they drag ass…so they can come in on the weekend and make double and triple time … for a job they easily could have done within their normal 40 hour work week .
How about the line workers who threaten newbies with all kinds of scare tactics … for putting out too many parts on a shift … and for being too productive ( We certainly must not expose those lazy bums who have been getting overpaid for decades for their horrific underproduction , must
we ?!? )
Do you folks really not know about this stuff ?!?
How about this great sentiment abridged from Mr. Clarke ’s sad plea : “ over the last few years … we have closed the quality and efficiency gaps with our competitors . ”
What the hell has Detroit been doing for the last 40 years ?!?
Did we really JUST wake up to the gaps in quality and efficiency between us and them ?
The K car vs. the Accord ?
The Pinto vs. the Civic ?!?
Do I
need to go on ?
What a joke !
We are living through the inevitable outcome of the actions of the United States auto industry for decades .
It ’s time to pay for your sins , Detroit .
I attended an economic summit last week where brilliant economist , Alan Beaulieu , from the Institute of Trend Research , surprised the crowd when he said he would not have given the banks a penny of “ bailout money ” .
“ Yes , he said , this would cause short term problems , ” but despite what people like politicians and corporate magnates would have us believe , the sun would in fact rise the next day … and the following very important thing would happen … where there had been greedy and sloppy banks , new efficient ones would pop up … that is how a free market system works … it does work … if we would only let it work … ”
But for some nondescript reason we are now deciding that the rest of the world is right and that capitalism does n’t work – that we need the government to step in and “ save us ” … Save us my ass , Hell – we’re
nationalizing …and unfortunately too many of our once fine nation ’s citizens do n’t even have a clue that this is what is really happening …
But , they sure can tell you the stats on their favorite sports teams … yeah – THAT’S really important , is n’t it …
Does it ever occur to ANYONE that the “ competition ” has been producing vehicles , EXTREMELY PROFITABLY , for decades in this country ? …
How can that be ???
Let ’s see… Fuel efficient … Listening to customers …
Investing in the proper tooling and automation for the long haul …
Not being too complacent or arrogant to listen to Dr. W. Edwards
Deming four decades ago when he taught that by adopting appropriate principles of management , organizations could increase quality and simultaneously reduce costs .
Ever increased productivity through quality and intelligent planning …
Treating vendors like strategic partners , rather than like “ the enemy ” …
Efficient front and back offices …
Non union
environment …
Again , I could go on and on , but I really would n’t be telling anyone anything they really do n’t already know down deep in their hearts .
I have six children , so I am not unfamiliar with the concept of wanting someone to bail you out of a mess that you have gotten yourself into - my children do this on a weekly , if not daily basis , as I did when I was
their age .
I do for them what my parents did for me ( one of their greatest gifts , by the way ) – I make them stand on their own two feet and accept the consequences of their actions and work through it .
Radical concept , huh …
Am I there for them in the wings ?
Of course – but only until such time as they need to be fully on their own as adults ..
I do n’t want to oversimplify a complex situation , but there certainly are unmistakable parallels here between the proper role of parenting and government .
Detroit and the United States need to pay for their sins .
Bad news people – it ’s coming whether we like it or not .
The newly elected Messiah really does n’t have a magic wand big enough to “ make it all go away . ”
I laughed as I heard Obama “ reeling it back in ” almost
immediately after the final vote count was tallied … ” we really might not do it in a year … or in four … ”
Where the Hell was that kind of talk when he was RUNNING for office .
Stop trying to put off the inevitable folks …
That house in Florida really is n’t worth $ 750,000 …
People who jump across a border really do n’t deserve free health care benefits …
That job driving that forklift for the Big 3 really is n’t worth $ 85,000 a year …
We really should n’t allow Wal - Mart to stock their shelves with products acquired from a country that unfairly manipulates their currency and has the most atrocious human rights infractions on the face of the globe …
That couple whose combined income is less than $ 50,000 really should n’t be living in that $ 485,000 home …
Let the market correct itself folks – it will .
Yes it will be painful , but it ’s gonna ’ be painful either way , and the bright side of my proposal is that on the other side of it all , is a nation that appreciates what it has …and does n’t live beyond its means … and gets back to basics … and redevelops the patriotic work
ethic that made it the greatest nation in the history of the world … and probably turns back to God .
Sorry – do n’t cut my head off , I ’m just the messenger sharing with you the “ bad news ” .
I hope you take it to heart .
Gregory J. Knox , President
Knox Machinery , Inc .
Franklin , Ohio 45005
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
For a while , some analysts held out hope that the rest of the world would be spared the devastation of the collapse of the great American credit bubble .
The global economy had de-coupled , they said .
America 's problems were her own .
No one is saying that any more .
In fact , the latest evidence shows that global trade flows are plunging at an alarming rate .
release22
DragonFly Release 2.2.1 - 26 April 2009
The DragonFly 2.2 release is here !
The HAMMER filesystem is considered production - ready in this release ;
It was first released in July 2008 .
The 2.2 release represents major stability improvements across the board , new drivers , much better pkgsrc support and integration , and a brand new release infrastructure with multiple target options .
Three release options are now available :
Our bare - bones CD ISO , a DVD ISO which includes a fully operational X environment , and a bare - bones bootable USB disk - key image ( less than 512M ) .
Availability
The release ISO images should be available on most of the mirrors .
If the ISO is not available on a certain mirror , please try another one or download it from the Dragon Fly FTP server .
MD5 sums
MD5 ( dfly - 2.2.1_REL.iso.gz ) = 1eef8e6b826324c8f4123b07699aa70e
MD5 ( dfly - gui-2.2.1_REL.iso.gz ) = b0fb27267e3af944d02a89f80ab0a518
MD5 ( dfly-img-2.2.1_REL.img.gz ) = 40847a847abff1bd9a617c7152d41a8f
MD5 ( dfly - 2.2.1_REL.iso ) = 9e4ecffaa7f9b0843c5e354e1711f9aa
MD5 ( dfly - gui-2.2.1_REL.iso ) = ed7078efb2256abd3b0d6eb9cc8dc13d
MD5 ( dfly-img -2.2.1_REL.img ) = cddb5437d7e827f029e205c97162f436
pkgsrc packages
We offer over 7300 pre-built pkgsrc packages for this release .
The pkg_radd ( 1 ) utility may be used to download pre-built binary packages .
By default this script will query the main package site for a random redirect to one of our mirrors .
The path can be overridden by setting BINPKG_SITES in /etc/settings.conf .
To get a list of all packages , let pkg_search ( 1 ) download the summary file for that release :
# pkg_search -d
DragonFly 2.2.1 Release Notes
Kernel changes
Fixes for libthread_xu : MAP_STACK and an errno leak .
Hardware changes
Bug fixes for sppp ( 4 ) , and i 4 b ( 4 ) .
Fixed recursive lock in detached close of / dev/tty .
HAMMER changes
HAMMER VFS : Added missing hammer_rel_volume ( ) call in deadlock / retry case .
Networking changes
Allowed the IP_MINTTL socket option to be set to zero .
Release improvements
Fixed an installworld failure due to kernel fixes and a libthread_xu issue .
Installer now works correctly in the console , and properly creates device files if they do n't exist .
Userland changes
Updates for msdosfs , pax ( 1 ) , and magic( 3 )
Allowed uid / gid / flags changes to fail if running cpdup as a user
Contributed software
Synced zoneinfo database with tzdata2009f from elsie .
Security updates
FreeBSD -SA -09:05 . telnet - fix environment based code execution vulnerability
DragonFly 2.2.0 Release Notes
Release Improvements
A new DVD ISO release image is now available , in addition to the CD release .
The new DVD release has a full X environment ready - to - go and many packages pre-installed .
A full pkgsrc tar is now available on the CD / DVD in /usr .
Full sources tar now available on the DVD ( kernel sources only on the CD ) , in /usr .
The nrelease build now trivializes package selection for people creating customized releases .
The installer is now able to create a HAMMER filesystem setup .
Kernel changes
First step towards AMD64 support ( done by Jordan Gordeev during the Google Summer of Code 2008 ) .
The system control intr_mpsafe is enabled by default .
Move / kernel to / boot / kernel and / modules to / boot / modules .
to and to .
Add RFC3542 support ( done by Dashu Huang during the Google Summer of Code 2008 ) .
Add HW checksum support to the loopback interface , which doubles performance .
acpi_cpu( 4 ) update .
It 's now possible to use higher ( lower power usage ) C states than C1 in modern ( multicore ) CPUs .
First steps to use network threads without the Big Giant Lock ( this feature is considered experimental ) .
Fixed CVE -2008 -2476 IP v6 security issue with modified patches from NetBSD .
bridge_input works now in parallel .
works now in parallel .
Fix bugs in dealing with low - memory situations when the system has run out of swap or has no swap .
Major rewrite of usched_bsd4 and related support logic , plus additional improvements to the LWKT scheduler .
Major revamping of the pageout and low - memory handling code .
suser_* replaced with priv_* implementation from FreeBSD .
HAMMER changes
HAMMER is now considered production - capable .
Many bug fixes and other improvements have been made .
It is now possible to boot from a HAMMER - only disk .
No need for a single UFS partition for / boot .
However , for production systems we still recommend a small UFS / boot followed by swap followed by one large HAMMER partition .
Add HAMMER read support to the boot loader .
Now uses per-mount kmalloc pools for bulk data structures , particularly for inodes and records .
Hardware changes
Add ACPI support module for IBM / Lenovo Thinkpad laptops ( from FreeBSD ) .
Add ACPI support module Asus laptops ( from FreeBSD ) .
Add acpi_video ( 4 ) - a driver for ACPI video extensions ( from FreeBSD ) .
It is possible to power down PCI devices during detach .
This should save some power when using mobile devices ( from FreeBSD ) .
Update acpi_battery ( 4 ) related code to the latest one from FreeBSD HEAD .
Correctly handle Intel G33 chips and add support for G45 chips to the agp ( 4 ) driver ( from FreeBSD ) .
Fixed CVE -2008-3831 .
Affects the Intel G33 series and newer only .
Sync ciss ( 4 ) with FreeBSD 's RELENG_4 branch .
Sync iir ( 4 ) with FreeBSD .
This fixes disk recognition with the Intel RAID Controller SRCU42L .
Networking
Add support for cards with " RealTek 8102EL PCIe 10/100 baseTX " chipset .
Add polling support for jme ( 4 ) .
Add driver for Attansic PHYs ( from FreeBSD ) .
Add ale ( 4 ) for Atheros AR8121/ AR8113/AR8114 PC
Ie ethernet controller ( from FreeBSD ) .
Add age ( 4 ) for Attansic / Atheros L1 gigabit ethernet controller ( from FreeBSD ) .
Userland changes
The DragonFly source repositories are now maintained with git instead of CVS .
See development ( 7 ) for instructions how to clone the repository .
A lot of man pages were updated due to the switch to git .
Add LiveDVD support to our nrelease framework .
( done by Louisa Luciani during the Google Summer of Code 2008 ) .
Enhance the DragonFly Mail Agent ( done by Max Lindner during the Google Summer of Code 2008 ) .
Add a new multi-player terminal game : hunt .
Bring in the devinfo ( 3 ) library and devinfo ( 8 ) utility from FreeBSD .
The utility and library can be used to view the internal device hierarchy .
Add devctl ( 4 ) and devd ( 8 ) from FreeBSD and enable related support in acpi_thinkpad ( 4 ) .
Update sensorsd ( 8 ) to the latest version from OpenBSD ( October 2008 ) .
Sync libc / stdtime and zdump ( 8 ) / zic ( 8 ) with tzcode2008h from elsie .
Symlink / dev/dsp to / dev/ audio to preserve compatibility with older programs ( all pkgsrc apps by default up to 2008Q3 ) .
to to preserve compatibility with older programs ( all pkgsrc apps by default up to 2008Q3 ) .
A new daily periodic script cleans up all HAMMER volumes at night .
Sync libusbhid with other BSDs .
Sync usbhidctl with FreeBSD .
Add ftw( ) , nftw ( ) , associated header files and documentation .
Fixed hundreds of warnings in various userland tools .
i486 is now the default architecture for gcc ( 1 ) .
dntpd : Can now connect to NTP servers with IP v6 addresses .
dntpd : Fix hang in dntpd startup when network down .
Use BIND 's resolver in libc .
Add nsswitch.conf( 5 ) support and add the Name Service Cache Daemon nscd ( 8 ) from FreeBSD .
Import several pam_* modules from FreeBSD .
Several bugs in the installer were fixed .
nrelease : Additional to the ISO generation , nrelease can now generate an USB stick image .
nrelease :
It is now possible to build chosen pkgsrc packages in a chroot .
telnetd : filter potentially dangerous environment variables passed from telnet client .
Removals
Removed the ISC DHCP server and client .
NOTE : If you install Dragon Fly 2.2 from the live CD , you already have a pkgsrc version of the DHCP server installed .
If you update from a previous version , you have to install the pkgsrc version manually .
: If you install Dragon Fly 2.2 from the live CD , you already have a pkgsrc version of the DHCP server installed .
If you update from a previous version , you have to install the pkgsrc version manually .
Remove rexecd ( 8 ) .
Remove libskey ( 3 ) , it is replaced by libopie .
Remove ISA part of sr ( 4 ) .
Remove ISA network device cx( 4 ) .
Contributed Software
Oregon Rep. Peter DeFazio spent most of Tuesday denying that he caused a ruckus when he was pulled aside at Portland International Airport for a random security check .
The veteran Democratic lawmaker disputed a newspaper report that extra security officers were sent to the scene after he became angry when pulled from a line to board a plane Monday morning .
The Capitol Hill newspaper , Roll Call , reported that DeFazio " lost his temper " and denounced the security as " stupid " and complained to screeners that he was a member of Congress who had helped found the Transportation Security Administration .
The paper said DeFazio swore and " caused a ruckus that drew extra security officers . "
DeFazio told The Oregonian that he did not try to hinder the screening .
He was screened at Eugene Airport , flew to Portland and then was pulled out of a passenger line boarding a flight to Washington , D.C .
DeFazio , from Springfield , said he complied with the TSA request and took his bag to a screener who began going through it .
" I did not say , ' Do you know who I am , ' or ' You ca n't do this ' or whatever , " he said .
" I went over there , I put my bag down and I said , ' You know , this is stupid .
You know , I helped to create the TSA .
You know , I 'm an expert on security . ' ... I did n't say , ' You ca n't look through my bag . '
I did n't ask for any special privilege . "
DeFazio said he may have mumbled a swear word under his breath but did not recall cursing the security screeners .
DeFazio said that Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D - Ore. , was behind him in line for the United Airlines flight and told him that he showed restraint .
Blumenauer aide Sahar Wali said the congressman was unable to return a call from The Oregonian on Tuesday .
TSA officials in Portland declined to comment , but Dwayne Baird , a TSA spokesman in Salt Lake City , said no extra security officials were called to the scene .
He said that when he talked to TSA officials in Portland , they had not heard anything about the newspaper account of DeFazio swearing at a screener .
A statement from the TSA said that after being pulled aside for a random gate screening : " Congressman DeFazio expressed concern about the screening protocol and requested a briefing from TSA officials . "
DeFazio is not the only lawmaker to have questions raised about his conduct at security checkpoints .
Earlier this month , Sen. David Vitter , R - La. , admitted he set off an alarm after going through the wrong security gate at Dulles International Airport outside Washington , D.C .
However , Vitter dismissed a report in Roll Call that he had gotten into a heated argument with an airline employee as he rushed to make a flight .
In 2006 , then - Rep. Cynthia McKinney , D - Ga. , was involved in an altercation with a Capitol Hill police officer at a security checkpoint and lost her re-election bid later in the year .
DeFazio , a senior member of the House Transportation Committee , worked on airport security when he was ranking member of the panel 's aviation subcommittee after the 9/11 attacks .
He said the TSA tried random checks of passengers at the boarding gates but stopped after they were found to be ineffective .
DeFazio said he recently noticed the TSA had reinstated the searches and that he intended to talk to the agency about them .
He said the searches take staffers away from the main security checkpoints while failing to accomplish much .
DeFazio met Tuesday afternoon in his Capitol Hill office with a top TSA official to discuss the agency 's screening procedures .
DeFazio said his behavior at the gate was not out of the norm of what he sees on his frequent travels .
" I have seen business travelers less amicable than I was in similar situations , " he said .
-- Jeff Mapes ; jeffmapes@news.oregonian.com
* Rights groups to exhume victims of 36 - year civil war
* Around 1,000 victims believed to be in mass grave
* Work could help prosecute former police , soldiers
GUATEMALA CITY , March 22 ( Reuters ) - Guatemala 's biggest mass grave may give up its secrets this year when bodies from a massacre during the 1960 - 1996 civil war are exhumed after decades of mystery .
Following years of work in rural graves and battling for clues , official permits and funding , rights groups will start digging at a cemetery in Guatemala City , part of a healing process as Guatemala unearths victims of the long conflict .
Around 1,000 bodies in a mass grave at the La Verbena cemetery are thought to be the victims of extrajudicial killings by the army and police during some of the most violent years of the conflict .
" These are people who were taken to be questioned , interrogated , probably tortured , " said Fredy Peccerelli , an activist leading efforts to exhume the bodies later this year with $ 1 million in aid from the United States and Europe .
" If they knew very little , ( they were ) killed quickly .
If they knew a lot , they were held first for three to six months , " added Peccerelli , who runs the non-governmental Forensic Anthropology Foundation and who worked in Bosnia after the 1992 - 95 Balkan conflict .
Almost a quarter of a million people were killed or disappeared during the conflict between leftist guerrillas and the government .
Over 80 percent of the murders were committed by the army , according to a U.N. - backed truth commission .
Activists say many of the dead at La Verbena were between the ages of 16 and 40 and killed by gunshot wounds to the head .
That raised the suspicion that they were executed by the army or police .
Bodies from the killings were believed to be thrown together with routine unidentified dead and those with bodies whose families could not afford to pay for their graves .
The bodies were buried under concrete lids in a grave of four large pits thought to contain 40,000 bodies .
Workers plan to exhume and identify the bodies by lowering a platform with removable floorboards into each pit and excavating layers of bones until they find those with bullet holes in the skulls .
These will then be cross checked against a DNA database of family members of the disappeared to finally identify the victims and give them a proper burial .
Peccerelli hopes the forensic evidence will also be used in the prosecution of former police and army officers .
Earlier this month , two former policemen became the first people to be arrested and charged over the forced disappearance of student leader Fernando Garcia , who went missing in 1984 and whose body has never been found .
Anthropologists , with help from local people , have already found the remains of thousands of people massacred and buried in the Guatemalan countryside , but the fate of those killed in towns and cities has until now barely been investigated .
( Editing by Philip Barbara )
Even after UCLA Medical Center warned employees that it was cracking down on unauthorized access to medical records , the privacy of a “ well - known individual ” was breached by two nurses and an emergency room technician who called up the patient ’s computerized records in mid-April , according to a critical state report released Monday .
The California Department of Public
Health also found that nearly twice as many medical center employees as had previously been reported peeked at confidential medical records at UCLA .
Nearly 60 additional employees gained improper access to records between January 2004 and June 2006 , the report said , bringing the total number of workers implicated in the growing scandal to 127 .
Monday ’s report was the fifth by the public health agency following articles in The Times this year about UCLA employees ’ prying into the records of celebrities and prominent patients , including California First Lady Maria Shriver , actress Farrah Fawcett and singer Britney Spears .
State regulators continue to fault the hospital for failure to take adequate steps to maintain patient confidentiality .
After the April violations , the report said , one nurse was fired and the two other employees received warnings .
Advertisement
The latest findings detail how one employee -- a former administrative specialist who faces federal criminal charges for violating Fawcett ’s privacy -- looked at the records of 939 patients “ without any legitimate reason ” from April 2003 to May 2007 .
In previous reports , the state had linked her to viewing the records of about 60 patients .
She also looked at other personal information , including Social Security numbers , the state now says .
“ What we ’re seeing here is a clear pattern of repeated violations of patient medical records and patient confidentiality by UCLA , ” said Kim Belshe , secretary of the state ’s Health and Human Services Agency .
“ It is absolutely unacceptable . ”
Kathleen Billingsley , director of the state health department ’s Center for Healthcare Quality , confirmed that 127 UCLA workers have been implicated and said investigations into other breaches at the hospital continue .
“ What ’s startling to us is , as we get to a point where we feel we ’ve addressed a specific complaint and a specific issue , we identify additional issues , ” she said .
“ It ’s very disturbing to see this . ”
Advertisement
The hospital said it has notified all patients whose privacy was breached by the indicted woman , Lawanda Jackson , and it has updated its systems to block complete Social Security numbers from its main clinical systems .
It also has initiated new training on privacy for all staff and is enhancing security in its records systems .
“ We have no excuses , ” Dr. David Feinberg , chief executive of the UCLA Health System , said in a statement .
“ UCLA should have detected the violations by Ms. Jackson years ago and should have immediately initiated the process to dismiss her . ”
Feinberg said the medical center continues to investigate .
“ All other employees who were found to have violated patient confidentiality during our review have been disciplined , including some who have been terminated , ” he said .
“ On behalf of the entire leadership of the UCLA Health System , I am deeply sorry for this failure , and the personal distress these breaches may have caused . ”
Advertisement
Of the 59 employees newly linked to the breaches , 24 still worked at UCLA when they were identified , the state said .
The hospital has proposed firing seven , suspending six for two to three weeks each and providing verbal or written warnings to eight others , the latest report says .
Three remain under investigation .
In part because of the breaches , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has endorsed legislation that would impose penalties on hospitals and healthcare workers for breaching patient privacy .
“ Californians have every right to expect their medical records to be safeguarded and protected , and I am alarmed about repeated violations of patient confidentiality and the potential harm to the citizens of this state , ” Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
“ By putting financial penalties in place for those employees and facilities that do not follow these laws , this legislation will lead to better care for all Californians . ”
Under the legislation , being carried by Sen. Elaine Alquist ( D - Santa Clara ) and Assemblyman Dave Jones ( D - Sacramento ) , healthcare workers who unlawfully view patient records would be fined from $ 1,000 to $ 250,000 , depending on the seriousness of the violation .
Hospitals and other health facilities would face fines of $ 25,000 to $ 250,000 for similar violations .
Advertisement
The legislation also would increase penalties for hospitals found to have put patients in jeopardy of harm or death , to $ 100,000 from $ 25,000 .
Officials at the California Hospital Assn. said the trade group has taken no position on the legislation but is concerned that the state not penalize hospitals for inadvertent privacy breaches .
The group is also concerned that hospitals could be penalized for the actions of rogue employees even when appropriate steps had been taken to protect patient confidentiality .
But Jones said the impetus for action is clear .
“ I take it at face value that health facilities do think this is important , ” he said .
“ But at the end of the day , there are far too many intrusions of patient privacy as a result of these breaches , and it needs to be brought to a stop . ”
Advertisement
A major finding of the state ’s new report on UCLA is that Jackson was able to view the records of more than 900 people by using her supervisor ’s password .
In most cases , she could see patients ’ Social Security numbers , addresses , health insurance and other personal information .
Officials were able to connect Jackson to each case by examining her workstation , Billingsley said .
Among those were two previously unreported cases in which representatives of the celebrities complained in October and November 2004 when details of their hospitalizations appeared in the national media .
In November 2004 , for instance , the New York Post reported that actress Shelley Long , best - known for her role in the TV series “ Cheers , ” was hospitalized at UCLA .
Her manager at the time said she became ill from medication to treat back pain .
The state report does not identify Long by name but includes dates of hospitalization that match when the Post said Long was at UCLA .
Advertisement
In the second case , another celebrity ’s representative complained to UCLA after a national newspaper “ ran a front page story about [ the patient ’s ] surgery at the facility ” in October 2004 .
The representative also complained that he was told that the information was obtained from an “ inside source at the hospital . ”
In addition to Jackson , another employee looked at the second celebrity ’s records in May 2005 and again in November 2005 .
That employee was suspended in July 2008 after the breach was discovered .
When reached by phone Monday afternoon , Jackson said , “ I do n’t have any comment . ”
Advertisement
In April , she told The Times that she was “ being nosy ” when she looked at celebrity records .
“ I did n’t leak anything or anything like that , ” she said at the time .
“ It was n’t for money or anything .
It was just looking . ”
Jackson was indicted by a federal grand jury April 9 on a charge of obtaining individually identifiable health information for commercial advantage .
Fawcett and her lawyers allege that Jackson leaked personal information about Fawcett ’s battle with cancer to the National Enquirer and other tabloids .
Advertisement
According to a document reviewed by The Times , the supervisor whose password Jackson used is Alice Chan .
Chan , who still works at UCLA as an intensive care unit director , declined to comment .
In his statement , Feinberg said UCLA would continue to devote its attention to improving patient privacy .
“ We ca n’t undo the wrongs of the past , ” he said .
“ But we can and are redoubling our efforts to not only improve our training and security systems , but to create a culture where this type of behavior will not take place . ”
--
Advertisement
charles.ornstein@latimes.com
March 19 , 2009 --
If you are having trouble sticking to your diet , here ’s more motivation : Being overweight may take years off your life .
A new study shows that weighing a third more than your ideal weight could reduce your life by three years on average .
'' Excess weight shortens human life span , ” study researcher Gary Whitlock of the Clinical Trial Service Unit at the University of Oxford says in a written statement .
“ In countries like Britain and America , weighing a third more than the optimum shortens life span by about three years .
For most people , a third more than the optimum means carrying 20 to 30 kilograms ( or 50 to 60 pounds ) of excess weight .
If you are becoming overweight or obese , avoiding further weight gain could well add years to your life . ''
Researchers looked at data from 57 existing studies , examining in total the mortality rates for nearly 900,000 adults .
They looked at mortality rates for people five or more years after they began participating in a study .
The lowest mortality rate was for people with a body mass index ( BMI ) of 22.5 - 25 .
BMI is a measure of weight in relation to height .
A BMI of 18.5 - 24.9 is considered normal weight .
A BMI of 25 -29.9 is considered overweight .
Obesity is considered a BMI of 30 or more .
Researchers found that each additional increase of 5 in the BMI translated into a 30 % increase in any cause of death .
It also translated into a 40 % increase in death from heart disease , stroke , and other vascular diseases ; a 60 % to 120 % increase in death from diabetes , kidney disease , and liver disease ; a 10 % death from cancer ; and a 20 % increase in death from lung disease .
Findings took into account age , sex , and smoking history .
Severe obesity has a similar effect to smoking on mortality rates , according to researchers .
However , researcher Richard Peto , also of Clinical Trial Service Unit at the University of Oxford , cautioned that smoking to stay thin is not the answer .
" This study has shown that continuing to smoke is as dangerous as doubling your body weight , and three times as dangerous as moderate obesity , ” Peto says in a written statement .
“ Changing your diet but keeping on smoking is not the way to increase life span .
For smokers , the key thing is that stopping smoking works . "
Boron is a simple atom : five protons , five or six neutrons , five electrons .
It is not as ubiquitous as hydrogen .
It does not , as helium does , make your voice sound like Donald Duck .
It is not as famous as carbon , its neighbor to the right on the periodic table .
Perhaps it is held back by its name  sounds like boring .
Yet it remains an element of mystery .
For more than two centuries , boron has confounded scientists , resulting in what Artem R. Oganov , a professor of geosciences at Stony Brook University , calls “ a stream of discoveries and misdiscoveries . ”
Now researchers led by Dr. Oganov have added to the actual discoveries .
They have found a form of boron that is nearly as hard as diamond .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US swimmer Michael Phelps has been suspended from competition for three months after photographs were published appearing to show him smoking cannabis .
USA Swimming , the sport 's governing body in the US , said no " anti- doping rule " had been violated .
But the federation said it wanted to send a strong message to Phelps because he had disappointed so many people .
Phelps won eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics and has been feted as one of the world 's greatest athletes .
The ban will end in time for him to prepare for the US Championships on 7 July , which act as a trial for the World Championships in Rome two weeks later .
Phelps , 23 , was caught on camera inhaling from a type of glass pipe which can be used for smoking cannabis .
Michael has voluntarily accepted this reprimand and has committed to earn back our trust
USA Swimming
The photo , which appeared in Britain 's News of the World newspaper , was said to have been taken at a student party last November when Phelps was on a long break from training .
The Olympic star has apologised for his " regrettable behaviour " , but did not say whether he had taken drugs .
USA Swimming said in a statement : " This is not a situation where any anti-doping rule was violated , but we decided to send a strong message to Michael because he disappointed so many people , particularly the thousands of USA Swimming member kids who look up to him as a role model and a hero .
" Michael has voluntarily accepted this reprimand and has committed to earn back our trust . "
USA Swimming has cut off its financial support to Phelps for the same three - month period .
Cereal and snack firm Kellogg has also reportedly said it will not renew a sponsorship contract with Phelps , on the grounds his behaviour is " not consistent with the image of Kellogg " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thanks to my new - found pal Patrick Dion , French blogger extraordinaire , I stumbled on Signs , a simple short film about love and communication in the cold , harsh world that is the life of a single , friendless office geek .
My guess is that the ladies among you will particularly appreciate this .
It ’s a great way to start the weekend with a smile on your face and a tear in your eye .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Superconductor World Record Jumps to 233K A 15 Degree Increase through Thallium Substitution
40 degrees below zero is cold by any measure .
But , in the world of superconductors it 's a record hot day .
Superconductors .ORG
herein reports an increase in high - Tc to 233K ( - 40C , - 40 F ) through the substitution of thallium into the tin / indium atomic sites of the X212/ 2212C structure that produced a 218 Kelvin superconductor in January of 2009 .
The host material producing the 233K signal has the chemical formula Tl 5 Ba 4 Ca 2 Cu 10 O y .
One of several resistance - v- temperature plots used to confirm this new record is shown above .
And a composite magnetization test , showing the Meissner transition , is shown below right .
A flashing line has been added to illustrate the diamagnetic shift in slope below Tc .
The quiescent noise is a result of zooming in on a small volume fraction .
This very high Tc material , like previous record discoveries , was designed to exploit planar weight disparity ( PWD ) along the " c " axis of the 9212/2212C structure ( shown at left ) .
In this case a very heavy insulating layer in the upper part of the structure ( Tl 5 Cu 4 ) opposes a single copper chain in the lower part .
Even though the copper chain branches , the planar weight ratio remains high - around 20:1 .
The structure that produced the previous 218K record material had a PWR just over 16:1 .
Weaker resistive transitions also appeared near 227K , 223K and 218K .
The 227 K step ( shown above ) most likely results from a 9212/1212C structure forming as a minority phase ; the 223 K results from a 7212/2212C structure ; and the 218 K step from a 7212/1212C structure .
Below 218 K the other minority phases disappeared into the noise .
As a result , a 1212C pellet with less thallium and copper was synthesized to discover the Tc of the 5212/1212C and 3212/1212C phases .
In that pellet transitions appeared near 204K and 184K .
All of these transitions were then plotted , producing the below Tc - v-PWR graph .
The rate of slope declination suggests that 240K may be attainable .
Since we are now just a " stone 's throw " from room temperature , this discovery is being released into the public domain without patent protection .
Other researchers are encouraged to examine this material and its structure .
Synthesis of these materials was by the solid state reaction method .
Stoichiometric amounts of the below precursors were mixed , pelletized and sintered for 34 hours at 865C .
The pellet was then annealed for 10 hours at 500C in flowing O2 .
2
3
x
3
The magnetometer employed twin Honeywell SS94A1F
Hall - effect sensors with a tandem sensitivity of 50 mv / gauss .
The 4 - point probe was bonded to the pellet with CW2400 silver epoxy and used 7 volts on the primary .
RESEARCH NOTE :
The copper - oxides are strongly hygroscopic .
All tests should be performed immediately after annealing .
E. Joe Eck
© 2009 Superconductors .ORG
All rights reserved .
" It had been known that Hitler intended to use Blackpool as his personal playground after what he hoped to be a successful invasion and the war ended . "
" We did escape a lot of the bombing despite the fact so many troops were in the town and there were major aircraft manufacturing factories here . "
Insipred by Monadic Conctraint Programming by Tom Schrijvers et. al. , I wrapped up some thoughts on the difference between monadic and queue - based tree search .
I started a program to explore their connections ( to get the Haskell file , simply strip off the .html suffix ) .
There is a challenge !
I you master it , send me your solution and I ’ll publish it here .
Comments can be placed on reddit .
Note :
You need to install SmallCheck in order to run the above code .
Update
Tom Schrijvers has sent me solutions to the challenge that are now documented in the above program .
When comparing queue - based and monadic search it turns out that simulating one with the other is sometimes easy ( dfs , bfs ) but may be tricky in other cases .
There does not seem to be an easy way ( i.e. , one that is obviously correct ) of simulating the interleaving monad with a queue , and there also is no obvious monad that simulates the alternating queue .
It would be nice to have a general scheme how to express one with the other .
Pete Sessions : House GOP learning from Taliban
The House GOP was having a great week ... until Pete Sessions , their new fundraising director , told Hotline editors his conference was taking its cues from insurgents — like the Taliban .
We 're talking about a major new Democratic talking point here , folks .
Major .
" Insurgency , we understand perhaps a little bit more because of the Taliban , " Sessions said during a meeting yesterday with Hotline editors .
" And that is that they went about systematically understanding how to disrupt and change a person 's entire processes .
And these Taliban — I 'm not trying to say the Republican Party is the Taliban .
No , that 's not what we 're saying .
I 'm saying an example of how you go about [ sic ] is to change a person from their messaging to their operations to their frontline message .
And we need to understand that insurgency may be required when the other side , the House leadership , does not follow the same commands , which we entered the game with . "
DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen seized the opportunity , saying he was " shocked " — although he was probably also a wee bit delighted .
“ NRCC Chairman Pete Sessions ’ remark comparing his own party ’s tactics during the economic recovery debate to those of a terrorist group in Afghanistan is truly shocking .
While House Republican leaders profess to seek bipartisanship , they are comparing their tactics to the violent tactics used by the Taliban insurgency .
NRCC Chairman Sessions should put partisanship aside and join our fight to urgently turn our economy around and get Americans working again . ”
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
None other than Linus Torvalds , the father of Linux , announced last evening the immediate availability of Linux kernel 2.6.29 , a version that brings initial support for the highly expected Btrfs filesystem .
Btrfs is a brand new filesystem created by Chris Mason and designed to act like the ZFS or WAFL ones .
When Btrfs will be stable , it will definitely replace the Ext filesystem !
Moreover , starting with this release , the Tux Penguin logo was temporarily replaced by the new Tuz logo ( see it in the left image ) , because Linus Torvalds thinks we should all contribute to Save The Tasmanian Devil !
" The most obvious change is the ( temporary ) change of logo to Tuz , the Tasmanian Devil .
But there 's a number of driver updates and some m68 k header updates ( fixing headers_install after the merge of non-MMU / MMU ) that end up being pretty noticeable in the diffs . " - said Linus Torvalds in the official release announcement .
Highlights of Linux Kernel 2.6.29 :
· Kernel Modesetting · Btrfs Filesystem · SquashFS 4.0 · 4096 CPU Support · " Tree RCU " : scalable classic RCU · WiMAX Support · Wireless Access Point ( WAP ) mode support · Filename encryption for eCryptfs · Filesystem freeze funtion · Memory controller swap management and various improvements · Ext4 with " no journal " mode · Metadata checksums for OCFS2 · Added staging drivers ·
Tuz is the new logo
" This obviously starts the merge window for 2.6.30 , although as usual , I 'll probably wait a day or two before I start actively merging .
I do that in order to hopefully result in people testing the final plain 2.6.29 a bit more before all the crazy changes start up again . " - ended Linus Torvalds the announcement for Linux kernel 2.6.29 .
And now , let 's have a look at some of the new major drivers and the newly supported devices introduced in this release :
Storage : · 32bit PIO support · OCTEON SOC Compact Flash interface ( v7 ) driver · VT8261 support · Large Block Transfer support for sata_sil · cxgb3i iSCSI driver · Fibre Channel over Ethernet · Power Management Resume / Suspend support · ISP81XX support Input : · Walkera WK - 0701 RC transmitter support · Touchscreen ( tsc2007 ) driver · PCF50633 input driver · Wacom W8001 support · Touchscreen ( da9034 ) support · Maple controller support Network : · Support for SMSC LAN9420 10/100 PCI ethernet adapter · SMSC LAN921x and LAN911 x driver · KS8695 driver · IXP4xx HSS HDLC driver · 5150 support · 82598AT support · PCIe AER support · Atheros AR9285 chipset support · BCM50610 support · HFC USB driver · Mesh Point support · 57780 support · LSI ET1011C PHY driver · Scatter Gather support · Added USB ID for Linksys WUSB200 · Solos PCI ADSL2 + driver
Sound : · ASoC audio driver · Beagleboard support · PCM3008 ALSA SoC driver · WM8728 codec driver · omap2evm support · UDA134 x codec driver · Marvell Zylonite support · Lyrtech SFFSDR driver · OMAP3 Pandora support · WM8350 Audioplus codec driver · PXA SSP support · Gumstix Overo support · TWL4030 audio codec support · Atmel AT91SAM9G20ek support · Intel HDMI audio support · ASUS V1sn support · Fujitsu - Siemens Amilo Xa3530 support · HP Acacia support · Realtek ALC269 support · ASUS P5Q - EM support · Acer Aspire 4930G support · MCP67 HDMI support · Intel DX58SO support · NVidia MCP78 HDMI support · OLPC analog input support · Claro halo support V4L / DVB : · s921 ISDB - T driver · tw9910 driver · ov772 x driver · TEA5764 radio driver · KNC1 DVB - S2 support · lgdt3304 driver · Samsung Q310 webcam support · STB6100 support · HVR - 950 IR support ( experimental ) · STB0899 support · STB6100 support · Technotrend TT S2 3200 support · Satelco Easywatch DVB -S2 PCI card support · Prof 6200 DVB -S PCI card support · Turbosight TBS8910 DVB-S PCI card support · Terratec Cinergy S USB support · Lenovo Thinkpad SL500 webcam support · OMAP2 camera driver · tvp514x I2C video decoder driver · Pixelview PlayTV Box 4 support · Kworld Plus TV Analog Lite PCI support · Medion / Creatix CTX946 support ( Analog and DVB- T ) · Avermedia AVer TV GO 007 FM Plus support · Compro Videomate E650F ( only DVB-T ) · Micron MT9T031 CMOS camera support
USB : · Nokia 5200 support · Oxford OXU210HP HCD driver · twl4030 transceiver driver · imx udc gadget driver · opticon serial driver · siemens_mpi usb - serial " stub " driver · Pentax K10D support · Option N.V. ZeroCD modem support · Multi - Tech modem support · Added USB ID for Thomson Speedtouch 121g
These are just a few of the new drivers available in the Linux kernel 2.6.29 .
For a complete list of all the newly supported devices , newly added drivers , etc. , please go here .
You can download the 2.6.29 Linux kernel source right now from Softpedia .
My assistant Matt went to the WGA panel last night , and took notes for readers who could n’t make it .
All panelists agree that the business is shrinking .
Development slates are being cut in half .
According to J.C. Spink , that means half the ( 400 m ? ) dollars usually being paid out to writers and a much tougher market for selling .
Studios walk away from deals much more easily than they used to .
Yes , but movies are doing well , right ?
Box office receipts are on the up and up .
True , but the motherships ( Time Warner / GE etc. ) suck out that revenue and use it to prop up other flagging sectors .
So that money does n’t go back into development or the pockets of writers .
Also , Navid McIlhargey notes that while theatrical has made a comeback , DVD sales have dropped by roughly 30 % .
That means four things :
The financial models studios look at before greenlighting a picture are skewed .
( Depending on various factors , DVD revenue used to be equal to or greater than domestic theatrical revenue . )
The projections for break - even are falling short on movies that might have been easily greenlit a few years ago .
One way to counter that is by exploiting the international marketplace , which translates to more big action , ( male ) star - driven movies .
Development gets shafted .
David Beaubaire warns that you only get one shot at getting a movie through the system .
If a script is passed up for greenlight that is n’t ready or does n’t have a crystal clear idea for the marketing department to sell , that ’s the end of the line .
No going back into the development cycle for reworking .
Pre - branded material still rules the game .
Amusement park rides , board games ( CLUE ) , comic books will continue to win out over original material .
Spink joked that they ’re working up a treatment for STAIRMASTER , just because it ’s a known entity .
Hensleigh relayed ( venomously ) having to option a graphic novel similar to an idea he developed separately because , “ The fucking idiots need a pre-branded thing to look at . ”
Spink does n’t see an end to this until the financial system breaks down .
It ’s working too well .
Marketing is getting more involved in development .
This fact sets writer Jonathan Hensleigh ( THE ROCK , ARMAGGEDON ) on fire .
“ Scripts can die a death of a thousand cuts when marketing starts giving notes , ” Hensleigh warns , noting that it ’s bad enough to deal with notes from ten young development execs at a time .
McIlhargy has run scripts by his marketing department for notes or approval before passing it up to his bosses because their input is so critical .
What does this all mean to the writer with hopes of getting a studio movie made ?
Concept is king .
Write Big Ideas , well executed .
The executives were eager to argue that Hollywood ’s not entirely a dehumanized assembly line , regurgitating and repackaging ideas .
Beaubaire believes that just because you ’re reworking ideas from the past does n’t mean it ca n’t be fresh , good and entertaining .
In order for a movie to go forward , “ I have to love the script , ” Beaubaire says , adding that it must contain a “ universally relatable idea ” with better - than - stock characters .
Derek Dauchy requires a connection with the material before he tries to make a movie of it .
He needs to feel there ’s a good reason to make that movie , to put it out into the world .
McIlhargey cautions that with so many other options , there has to be a sense of immediacy behind making that movie at that time .
There ’s plenty of good material .
Immediacy is , “ The number one thing we look at before we pass it up . ”
Advice for aspiring writers
J.C. Spink : Writers have to be talented , collaborative and better at one thing .
“ Do one thing that distinguishes you . ”
Sadly , you ’re “ better off being the mediocre writer who ’s good in a room ” than the great writer who has a tough time coming out of their shell .
Because of the Hollywood information “ matrix , ” if your script is good and marketable it will find the light of day .
Competitions , the Nicholl excepted , are useless .
There ’s too many to keep track of .
Successful people fail more than they succeed .
David Beaubaire :
As good as a script is , decision makers are n’t reading scripts .
His job is to make sure they understand it and want to make it .
His name is n’t on the movies , he does this because he loves movies and wants to make the best , most successful ones he possible can .
In that process , no one is out to get the writer .
Do n’t worry about studio politics or what ’s hot .
Worry about delivering what you would want to see .
Making movies is a game , but it ’s golf not tennis .
Navid McIlhargey : Before you write , ask yourself if this is a movie you would pay good money to see .
Will it hold a release date ?
Then write with conviction .
Derek Dauchy :
If you can pitch and understand it as a title , it ’s gigantic .
If you can sell it with a logline , great .
If you need a paragraph , you ’re in trouble .
Jonathan Hensleigh :
You are the most important person in the process .
Creation of fictional worlds is the engine room of this industry .
Of course , no one will treat you like you ’re the most important person .
Once you ’ve given all your blood to a project and they show you the door to bring on another writer , walk away without bitterness .
( He was bitter about other writers coming onto THE ROCK but admits now that Aaron Sorkin and the rest improved a bunch of scenes ) .
Q&A
Should writers do unpaid rewrites and polishes before handing in a script to the studio ?
Across the board , yes .
Every panelist , especially Hensleigh , noted that writers have to ignore WGA rules and do as much work as needed to get the script in shape .
Does the success of SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE change anyone ’s viewpoint about what audiences want to see ?
Across the board , no .
Every year Fox Searchlight does a great job marketing a small movie .
It ’s what they do ; we ’re in a different business .
Is making a short and putting it on Youtube a waste of time ?
Across the board , yes .
Do n’t do it .
Write something good instead .
Biggest turnoffs when reading new material ?
Across the board : lack of original concept .
Keep in mind this is an all - male panel of big Hollywood studio filmmakers .
Consider other viewpoints before dumping all ideas that are n’t as commercial as THE B TEAM .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Speaking in Phoenix , Arizona on Wednesday , President Obama said his $ 75 billion home mortgage rescue plan would “ save ourselves the costs of foreclosure tomorrow , ” but “ not help speculators who took risky bets on a rising market . ”
As David Corn highlighted earlier , Obama tempered his appeals to populism and community feeling with a call for responsibility .
“ Solving this crisis will require more than resources – it will require all of us to take responsibility , ” Obama said .
Great .
But how does the plan actually work ?
Here ’s a primer .
The first part of the plan is a fairly simple regulatory fix that allows homeowners with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgages who owe between 80 and 105 percent of what their homes are worth to refinance those mortgages .
Previously , only borrowers who had at least 20 percent home equity could refinance .
By refinancing at a lower rate , borrowers could save thousands of dollars annually on their mortgage payments .
The second part of the plan focuses on encouraging banks to work with homeowners to modify existing mortgages , which is different from refinancing .
The pre-existing “ Hope for Homeowners ” plan , passed in the closing months of the Bush administration , tried to do this , too , but it did n’t work very well .
Banks
just did n’t seem very eager to modify terms to help people stay in
their houses .
But the new plan , says the Center for American Progress ’s
Andrew Jakabovics , is “ light years ahead of anything we saw coming out of the Bush administration . ”
One big difference with Obama ’s plan , Jakabovics says , is that it
will functionally be “ far more compulsory ” than the Hope for Homeowners
program .
Recipients of TARP money will have to participate , and banks
will likely be reluctant to turn down government bailout money just so they
can avoid modifying terms on home loans .
And banks that do n’t participate might find their loans modified anyway — in the only part of the plan that requires Congressional approval , Obama asks that bankruptcy judges be given the ability to modify loan terms in court .
( Judges already have the power to modify terms on people ’s second and third homes , but not on primary residences ) .
Just because the plan will be forced on TARP recipients does n’t mean it ’s a horrible deal for the banks .
After the lender reduces interest rates enough so that the borrower ’s monthly payment is less than 38 percent of his or her income , the government will split the cost of further payment reductions with the bank , down to a ( supposedly sustainable ) low of 31 percent .
On top of that , lenders will get a cool $ 1000 for every loan they modify , and further payments if the borrower stays current on the modified loan .
And after five years , when the housing market may have recovered , the lenders will be able to start stepping the interest rate back up to the original rate .
What the Obama administration is hoping is that the new payments and government cost - sharing , combined with the threat of bankruptcy court modification and the mandatory participation provisions , will make banks more likely to modify mortgages than they otherwise would be .
There ’s some reason to believe that will be the case , says Jakabovics .
“ Banks recognize foreclosure is going to be far more costly , ” he says .
The cost of holding properties right now is very high because declining home values , a slow market , and the credit crunch mean foreclosed homes stay on balance sheets for months on end , declining in value and incurring property tax and maintenance costs that banks do n’t want to pay .
Keeping Americans in their homes could be a good deal for banks , too .
The third part of the Obama plan is mostly aimed at keeping interest rates low .
The Obama administration will try to do this by having the Treasury Department buy up the dreaded mortgage - backed - securities from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , hoping to somewhat reinflate the market for those financial products .
Unfortunately , Treasury is probably overpaying for the toxic assets , which have few , if any , other buyers .
Economist Dean Baker emails : “ The intention is to pay too much .
We will take a hit — it ’s guaranteed …
We get whacked on buying Fannie and Freddie MBS at very low rates today . ”
In addition to trying to prop up the MBS market , the Treasury will inject another $ 200 billion into the two GSE’s .
The first rock concert for the deaf is going to be held in Toronto at Clinton 's Tavern next month .
At the March 5 concert , the deaf will get a chance to rock thanks to a series of " emoti- chairs " designed to analyze sound frequencies and translate them into vibrations , motions and blasts of air .
Organized by Ryerson University 's Centre for Learning Technology and the Science of Music , Auditory Research and Technology lab , the chairs convert sound frequencies using a mapping system akin to the way the human cochlea works .
The chair is a kind of full - body vibrator triggered by the frequency of individual notes in a musical composition or even random sounds .
The concert is being billed as the " world 's first " accessible rock concert for the deaf and hard of hearing .
Five emoti-chairs will give the deaf the opportunity to experience the music .
Besides the emoti-chairs , the concert will also have interpreters , open captioning and music visualization .
The concert will feature a number of acts , including Fox Jaws , Hollywood Swank , ill.gates and the Dufraines .
Today marks the 10 - year - anniversary of the publication of the Institute of Medicine ’s landmark study on medical cannabis : Marijuana and Medicine : Assessing the Science Base .
When the White House commissioned this report in response to the passage of California ’s Compassionate Use Act of 1996 , many in the mainstream media , and many more lawmakers , were still skeptical about marijuana ’s potential therapeutic value .
The publication of the Institute of Medicine ’s findings — which concluded that cannabis possessed medicinal properties to control pain and nausea , and to stimulate appetite — provided the issue with long - overdue credibility , and began in earnest a political discourse that continues today .
So what have we learned in the ten years following the release of this groundbreaking study ?
As I write today in both Reason Magazine online and in The Hill.com ’s influential Congress blog ( post your feedback here ) :
Today , the only practical impediments prohibiting the legal use of medical marijuana are political ones .
The Obama administration should heed the advice of the Institute of Medicine and initiate clinical trials regarding the medical use of cannabis , and it should remove federal legal restrictions so that states can regulate marijuana like other accepted prescription medicines .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Part 1 of 2 ( here ’s Part 2 )
Today is my last day at Google .
I started working in - house at Google almost three years ago .
I built a team from scratch .
I was fortunate to hire a team of a very talented designers .
We introduced Visual Design as a discipline to Google .
And we produced amazing work together .
I ’m very proud of my team , and I wish them well .
They have a lot of challenging work ahead .
But for me , it ’s time to move on .
Do I have something else lined up ?
Yes .
That will be covered in Part 2 .
So I ’m not leaving just to leave .
But I ’m not going to sugarcoat the reasons for my departure either .
The scale at which Google operates was an early attractor for me .
Potential to impact millions of people ?
Where do I sign ?
Unfortunately for me , there was one small problem I did n’t see back then .
When I joined Google as its first visual designer , the company was already seven years old .
Seven years is a long time to run a company without a classically trained designer .
Google had plenty of designers on staff then , but most of them had backgrounds in CS or HCI .
And none of them were in high - up , respected leadership positions .
Without a person at ( or near ) the helm who thoroughly understands the principles and elements of Design , a company eventually runs out of reasons for design decisions .
With every new design decision , critics cry foul .
Without conviction , doubt creeps in .
Instincts fail .
“ Is this the right move ? ”
When a company is filled with engineers , it turns to engineering to solve problems .
Reduce each decision to a simple logic problem .
Remove all subjectivity and just look at the data .
Data in your favor ?
Ok , launch it .
Data shows negative effects ?
Back to the drawing board .
And that data eventually becomes a crutch for every decision , paralyzing the company and preventing it from making any daring design decisions .
Yes , it ’s true that a team at Google could n’t decide between two blues , so they ’re testing 41 shades between each blue to see which one performs better .
I had a recent debate over whether a border should be 3 , 4 or 5 pixels wide , and was asked to prove my case .
I ca n’t operate in an environment like that .
I ’ve grown tired of debating such minuscule design decisions .
There are more exciting design problems in this world to tackle .
I can’t fault Google for this reliance on data .
And I ca n’t exactly point to financial failure or a shrinking number of users to prove it has done anything wrong .
Billions of shareholder dollars are at stake .
The company has millions of users around the world to please .
That ’s no easy task .
Google has momentum , and its leadership found a path that works very well .
When I joined , I thought there was potential to help the company change course in its design direction .
But I learned that Google had set its course long before I arrived .
Google was a massive aircraft carrier , and I was just a small dinghy trying to push it a few degrees North .
I ’m thankful for the opportunity I had to work at Google .
I learned more than I thought I would .
I ’ll miss the free food .
I ’ll miss the occasional massage .
I ’ll miss the authors , politicians , and celebrities that come to speak or perform .
I ’ll miss early chances to play with cool toys before they ’re released to the public .
Most of all , I ’ll miss working with the incredibly smart and talented people I got to know there .
But I wo n’t miss a design philosophy that lives or dies strictly by the sword of data .
By Ben Cohen
An interesting interview with Robert Kuttner on The Real News , where Kuttner suggests Obama 's economic team is too conservative to handle the current economic crisis .
My thoughts ?
I 'm hoping Obama realizes this , and is laying the ground work for more radical change ( ie. nationalizing the banks ) .
Right now , Geithner does n't look like he will cut it :
A wink , a smile or a raised eyebrow could soon change the music on your iPod or start up the washing machine , thanks to a new Japanese gadget .
The device looks like a normal set of headphones but is fitted with a set of infrared sensors that measure tiny movements inside the ear that result from different facial expressions .
The gizmo - called the " Mimi Switch " or " Ear Switch " - is connected to a micro-computer that can control electronic devices , essentially making it a hands - free remote control for anything .
Maya Flushes Fish
This little girl 's fish eulogy is really cute , but I find the domestic dispute simmering between the parents to be equally entertaining .
Listen for the dad : " Really ?
That 's all you could think of to say ? "
( Thanks Videogum . )
Timothy Ray Brown , who made history as “ the Berlin patient , ” the first person known to be cured of HIV infection , has died .
He was 54 .
Brown died Tuesday at his home in Palm Springs , California , according to a social media post by his partner , Tim Hoeffgen .
The cause was a return of the cancer that originally prompted the unusual bone marrow and stem cell transplants Brown received in 2007 and 2008 , which for years seemed to have eliminated both his leukemia and HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
“ Timothy symbolized that it is possible , under special circumstances , ” to rid a patient of HIV -- something that many scientists had doubted could be done , said Dr. Gero Huetter , the Berlin physician who led Brown ’s historic treatment .
“ It ’s a very sad situation ” that cancer returned and took his life , because he still seemed free of HIV , said Huetter , who is now medical director of a stem cell company in Dresden , Germany .
The International AIDS Society , which had Brown speak at an AIDS conference after his successful treatment , issued a statement mourning his death and said he and Huetter are owed “ a great deal of gratitude " for promoting research on a cure .
Brown was working in Berlin as a translator when he was diagnosed with HIV and then later , leukemia .
Transplants are known to be an effective treatment for the blood cancer , but Huetter wanted to try to cure the HIV infection as well by using a donor with a rare gene mutation that gives natural resistance to the AIDS virus .
Brown ’s first transplant in 2007 was only partly successful :
His HIV seemed to be gone but his leukemia was not .
He had a second transplant from the same donor in 2008 and that one seemed to work .
But his cancer returned last year , Brown said in a recent interview with The Associated Press .
“ I ’m still glad that I had it , ” he said of his transplant .
“ It opened up doors that were n’t there before ” and inspired scientists to work harder to find a cure , Brown said .
A second man , Adam Castillejo -- called “ the London patient ” until he revealed his identity earlier this year -- also is believed to have been cured by a transplant similar to Brown ’s in 2016 .
Because such donors are rare and transplants are medically risky , researchers have been testing gene therapy and other ways to try to get a similar effect .
At an AIDS conference in July , researchers said they may have achieved a long - term remission in a Brazil man by using a powerful combination of drugs meant to flush dormant HIV from his body .
Mark King , a Baltimore man who writes a blog , said Brown “ was just this magnet for people living with HIV , like me , ” and embodied the hope for a cure .
“ He has said from the beginning , ‘ I do n’t want to be the only one .
They have to keep working on this , ’” King said .
Hayden was snapped by the paparazzi out and about in Hollywood , looking all leggy and cleavagey in a short , sexy dress .
Was she jogging into the restaurant in these pics ?
Claude Berri , who as a director , producer , screenwriter and actor was among the most influential figures in the French film industry over the past 40 years , died Monday in Paris .
He was 74 and was described after his death by President Nicolas Sarkozy as “ the great ambassador of French cinema ” to the world .
The cause was a stroke , his agent , Dominique Segall , said in a statement .
Mr. Berri had been admitted to the hospital on Saturday with a “ cerebral vascular problem , ” he said .
Mr. Berri was , by and large , a filmmaker of mainstream sensibility who favored stories of either quirky charm — many drawn from his own life — or grand sweep .
His best known films as a director include “ The Two of Us ” ( 1967 ) , which tells a story much like that of his own childhood during the Nazi occupation of France , in which a Jewish boy is schooled in Catholicism and sent off to live with an anti-Semitic old man ; and the twin 1986 films “ Jean de Florette ” and “ Manon des Sources ” ( “ Manon of the Springs ” ) , together an extravagant adaptation of a classic French novel set in Provence by Marcel Pagnol , “ L’Eau des Collines ” ( “ Water of the Hills ” ) .
But he was probably more influential as a producer , working with directors like Milos Forman ( “ Valmont ” ) , Roman Polanski ( “ Tess ” ) and Philippe de Broca ( “ L’Africain ” ) .
The Great Sphinx of Giza reborn as a lion in the desert
The Sphinx in Egypt might have originally had the face of a lion , it is claimed .
And it could be much older than previously thought , investigations led by a British geologist suggest .
Egyptologists have long argued the monument outside Cairo , which has the head of a pharaoh and the body of a lion , was built soon after the first pyramid - around 4,500 years ago .
Uncovering the secret face :
This digital recreation shows the Sphinx with the face of a lion
The Great Sphinx 's paws and head are out of proportion , suggesting there may have been an even larger , earlier statue which was adapted
But geologist Colin Reader found that rain erosion on the Sphinx 's enclosure suggests it was built many years before .
A sunken palace on the Giza plateau provides further evidence that there was activity in the area before the building of the pyramids , Mr Reader said .
Its style implies that it is older than the other tombs at the site .
Mr Reader said the tomb would have been adapted and embellished by later inhabitants of the area .
Visual effects experts used the research data to recreate the monument as it might have looked .
Their work can be seen in Channel Five documentary The Secrets of Egypt on Thursday at 8 pm .
Dr Jonathan Foyle has joined forces with geologist Colin Reader to solve the mysteries of the Sphinx face
Researchers also discovered that the Sphinx ’s body and head were disproportionate , suggesting it was not originally a pharaoh .
Historical architect Dr Jonathan Foyle , who worked with Mr Reader on the project , said the head and body were massively out of proportion .
He said the reason for this could be that the Sphinx originally had an entirely different head - that of a lion .
According to this theory , the statue was later re-carved to be modelled on Khufu .
To early Egyptians the lion was a much more potent symbol of power than the human face .
Given that the monument already has the body of a lion it makes sense to the experts that it also originally had the face of a lion .
During Egypt ’s early history lions inhabited the wilds of Giza and surrounding areas .
The Great Sphinx is thought by most Egyptologists to represent the likeness of King Khafra .
Colin Reader has used 21st century scientific techniques in his Sphinx study
It is also belived by others that Djadefre , the elder brother of Khafra , built the Sphinx to honour his father Khufu .
This would place the time of construction somewhere between 2550 BC and 2450 BC .
However the limited evidence linking the Sphinx to Khafra is circumstantial and somewhat ambiguous .
Geologist Robert Schoch concluded that the Sphinx must be much older than currently believed after an investigation in the 1990s .
Schoch has argued that the particular weathering found on the body of the Sphinx and surrounding ' ditch ' the monument was carved from , displays features that can only be caused from prolonged water erosion .
Egypt ’s last time period where there was a significant amount of rainfall ended during the late 4th to early 3rd millennium BC .
Schoch claims the amount of water erosion the Sphinx has experienced indicates a construction date no later than the 6th millennium BC or 5th millennium BC , at least two thousand years before the widely accepted construction date and 1,500 years prior to the accepted date for the beginning of Egyptian civilisation .
Mr Reader concludes that the Sphinx is only several hundred years older than the traditionally accepted date believing the Sphinx to be a product of the Early Dynastic period .
Independently , geologist David Coxill has also come forward to confirm in principle Schoch ’s findings , but like Reader has taken a more conservative approach to the dating of the Sphinx .
Both Schoch and Reader base their conclusions not only on the Sphinx and surrounding enclosure , but have also taken into account other weathering features found on the Giza plateau from monuments such as the Sphinx Temple which are known to be consistent with the time period the Sphinx was constructed .
Because these conclusions require a re-dating of the Sphinx to an earlier time before the construction of large monuments , this theory has not been accepted by mainstream Egyptologists .
A coworker brought this geeky wedding video to my attention Monday and with the groom 's permission I am posting it here .
Mark and Christine exchanged their marriage vows during a break in the competition at the 2009 FIRST Robotics Competition ( FRC ) Midwest Regional .
It takes a very special woman to agree to get married during a robotics competition , let alone in the middle of the arena ( though her armband reads " Official Scorer , " so it could n't have been that alien a place for her ) .
I 'd like to take a moment and congratulate Mark on finding an understanding wife and wish them both the very best of luck and ( if it 's in their plans ) a geeklet or two in due time .
For more information about FIRST and the 2009 competition see the FIRST website .
And for the record , the Lunacy logo is for this year 's FRC season , and is therefore not commentary on Mark and Christine 's wedding .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plp_CA3wEaM
GRAND RAPIDS --
A man found dead on the streets Monday had tried in recent weeks to gain admittance to at least one of two Heartside missions , but was denied a bed because he is a registered sex offender .
Officials say its possible Thomas Pauli might be alive today except for a state law prohibiting him from establishing a residence even for one night within 1,000 feet of a school , in this case , Catholic Central High , also located in the Heartside district .
" It 's heartbreaking .
I have a hard time even talking about it , " said Marge Palmerlee , executive director at Degage Ministries .
Palmerlee said she had talked to at least two people who told her Pauli had tried earlier this month to secure a bed at one or both missions .
RELATED CONTENT
Tom Rademacher column :
So is this what it finally takes for us to hear the muffled cries of the homeless .
Bill Merchut of Mel Trotter and Bill Shaffer of Guiding Light agreed that Pauli may have tried to gain entrance , but that their missions risk fines and loss of license if they admit sex offenders .
They do not track everyone who applies for a bed , only those who are admitted , so while they were sure Pauli had not been admitted , they could n't be sure if he had tried .
They both decried a system where there are no exceptions to the so - called Megan 's Law , which sets boundaries and restrictions for those on the list .
" We have to follow the law , but ethically , it feels like were responsible , " said Merchut .
Added Shaffer , " These men and women are clearly ' The Scarlet Letter ' folks of our day .
And where do they go ?
I have no answer . "
Pauli , 52 , served 11 years in prison for a 1991 conviction in Grand Traverse County for second - degree criminal sexual conduct , state records show .
He was released in 2003 and was required to register as a sex offender .
Results of an autopsy are not yet available .
E -mail the author of this story : localnews@grpress.com
The Microsoft Windows 7 Upgrade Program
Microsoft issued a draft of the Windows 7 Technical Guarantee Program to their OEM partners on December 10 , giving them exactly one month to provide their feedback before Microsoft finalizes the program details .
We managed to obtain a copy of the draft , which tentatively refers to the program as the " Windows 7 Upgrade Program " .
Let 's take a look at the key points outlined in the draft .
Update @ March 25 : We added a new Marketing Materials section , and updated the Important Program Dates section with a new start date for the program as well as the Editor 's Note for the Eligible Upgrade Paths and Possible Upgrade Options sections to clarify the issue of upgrading from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
Update @ April 4 : We added two new pages of Q&As on the Windows 7 Upgrade Option program , as well as two new screenshots of the upgrade process .
We also added a new Official Name section and a new Storage Requirements section .
Update @ May 15 : We added a new page of Q&As on the Windows 7 Upgrade Option program .
Update @ June 3 : Microsoft finally made a public announcement on June 2 confirming that the Windows 7 Upgrade Option Program will be offered .
Of course , we already knew this as far back as November 9 , 2008 !
Back then , it was known as the Tech Guarantee Program .
Their OEM partners may publicly acknowledge their participation in the program , but they are still not allowed to market the program or otherwise publicly disclose the program details until June 26 , 2009 , a date which we announced back in March 19 , 2009 .
Microsoft also revealed the Initial Upgrade Media Fulfillment Date , which we updated in the Important Program Dates section .
Update @ June 22 : We added two new pages on the impact of the new E & N versions of Windows 7 on the Windows 7 Upgrade Option program , detailing the Eligible Upgrade Paths in Europe , inclusion of a web browser and the Clean Installation Requirement for the upgrade .
Latest Update @ June 26 : We added a new Marketing Guidance section , which details Microsoft 's marketing plans for the Windows 7 Upgrade Option Program .
We also updated the Important Program Dates with a reminder on the launch of the Windows 7 Upgrade Option Program .
Official Name
The official name for the program has been revealed .
Microsoft will now refer to the Windows Vista to Windows 7 upgrade program as the Windows 7 Upgrade Option program .
It was previously known as the Windows 7 Technical Guarantee Program before morphing into the Windows 7 Upgrade Program and now , the official name of Windows 7 Upgrade Option .
Overview Of The Windows 7 Upgrade Option Program
The Windows 7 Upgrade Program is designed to assist Microsoft 's OEM partners in minimizing the number of end users who may postpone acquiring a new computer because of the impending release of the Windows 7 operating system .
This program allows OEMs to offer an upgrade to Windows 7 to end users who qualify .
This is a consumer - oriented program targeted at individual consumers and small businesses that have purchased eligible PCs during the Program Eligibility Period .
End users will have to meet these requirements to be deemed eligible for the upgrade to Windows 7 when it is released :
End users must purchase a new PC that is pre-installed with an eligible Windows Vista Operating System ( OS ) , during the program eligibility window .
The PC must have a valid Certificate of Authenticity ( COA ) attached .
The only Windows Vista® versions eligible for the program are : Windows Vista® Home Premium Windows Vista® Business Windows Vista® Ultimate * Microsoft Windows Vista® Home Basic , Windows Vista® Starter Edition , and Windows ® XP ( all editions ) are not qualifying products under the program .
* Microsoft Windows Vista® Home Basic , Windows Vista® Starter Edition , and Windows ® XP ( all editions ) are not qualifying products under the program .
The Program does not support multiple upgrades for medium , large , or enterprise customers .
Customers that want to upgrade multiple PCs should use the appropriate Microsoft Volume Licensing program .
See www.microsoft.com/licensing for more details .
The following are the only valid upgrade paths under the program :
Windows Vista® Home Premium -> Windows ® 7 Home Premium Windows Vista® Business -> Windows ® 7 Professional Windows Vista® Ultimate -> Windows ® 7 Ultimate
Do note that this is an optional program , so not all OEMs may choose to participate .
OEMs that choose to participate in this upgrade program will have the freedom to determine how to best provide qualifying end users with the details .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
A scandal rocking an Iowa town of barely 250 has ballooned into a statewide story .
But it has national implications .
Last month , FBI agents , social services and health department officials in Iowa converged on a 106 - year - old bunkhouse .
It ’s where dozens of mentally retarded men lived when they were not working for as little as 37 cents per hour gutting turkeys in a processing plant , according to news reports and documents released by state officials .
Some of the men had been working at the plant and living at the company - owned bunkhouse since the 1970s .
The arrangement grew out of a Depression - era federal law that allows employers to pay disabled workers less than the minimum wage .
Roughly 400,000 workers are currently covered by the law .
The 21 men in question are Texans who work for a company called Henry ’s Turkey Service .
According to reports in the Des Moines Register , Henry ’s took advantage of a section of the labor law that allows the company to pay lower than minimum wage to disabled workers – and to deduct their living expenses from their pay .
Henry ’s , a Texas company , in the 1970s started taking the deinstitutionalized men to Iowa , where they worked at a plant owned by West Liberty Foods , one of the nation ’s largest turkey processors .
West Liberty released a statement to the Register saying it had an " agreement " with the turkey service and played no role in housing the men or paying their wages .
Turkey service owner Kenneth J. Henry declined to comment but referred ProPublica to his attorney .
The men were treated well and the bunkhouse was comfortable , Iowa attorney David Scieszinski said .
Further , he said the furor over the men ’s situation is simply " politics " on the part of legislators who have never set foot in the bunkhouse .
" [ Politicians ] do n’t know , " Scieszinski said to ProPublica .
" But they start making political statements . "
The men lived in the building that Henry ’s Turkey Service rented for $ 600 per month from the city of Atalissa .
In turn , Henry ’s deducted as much as $ 40,000 per month from the men ’s wages and Social Security income , said Sen .
Tom Harkin in a hearing last week .
" Needless to say , the abuses exposed at Atalissa shock the conscience , " Harkin said during the hearing .
Harkin convened a Senate labor committee hearing last week on the section of the Fair Labor Standards
Act that allows employers to pay disabled workers lower - than - minimum wages .
The provision was well - intended :
It would give companies an incentive to give disabled people a vocation and sense of life ’s worth .
But since the waning days of the Great Depression , the law has been widely abused , according to a 2005 investigation by the Oregonian , which revealed companies enriching themselves at the expense of poorly paid , high - functioning workers .
Last week ’s hearing focused on oversight of the law .
It ’s up to for - profit employers , like Henry ’s Turkey Service , to submit an annual application to the Labor Department justifying their practice of paying workers low wages , describing workers ’ productivity and abilities .
John McKeon , a department enforcement official , testified that three employees in Chicago each review about 800 applications each year .
More than 700 Labor Department investigators inspect the work sites around the country .
Investigators are also charged with checking that companies only deduct the fair cost of room and board from workers ’ checks .
McKeon said the department is low on resources – in 1975 the wage and hour division fielded twice the number of inspectors .
And , he said , its clout to penalize employers who exploit workers has diminished as the number of attorneys who work on behalf of the department has waned .
McKeon did not speak about Henry ’s Turkey Service specifically and spokespeople have declined to comment to the press .
The arrangement , it turns out , had been exposed long before .
The federal Labor Department was aware of the payment arrangement as early as 1999 .
A Labor Department inspector general 's report ( page 20 ) shows that department staffers knew that in 1998 , Henry ’s Turkey Service claimed to pay about 50 men $ 5.65 an hour , but after deducting rent and board , ultimately gave them each $ 60 per month .
The company ’s justification ?
It had to keep $ 60,000 that year to recoup the cost of renovations to the men ’s bunkhouse that had been completed in the 1970s .
Last month an Iowa fire marshal noted the profusion of space heaters in the building and declared it unfit for habitation .
Iowa social services officials moved the men from the home .
The story has also peeled back a page in Iowa history .
As early as 1974 , a social services worker in Iowa called the program " obscene . "
" Once a resident becomes an employee of Henry ’s Turkey Service , he ... loses most basic human rights , " social worker Ed George wrote in a memo released Feb. 24 by the Iowa Department of Human Services .
In 1997 , the county social department fielded complaints that the men had sustained bruises and unhealed fractures .
But officials failed to act , with one official noting in an e-mail that he did n’t want Muscatine County to be left " holding the bag " for Texas ’ residents .
Scieszinski said that each time officials looked into Henry ’s Turkey Service , the company asked if there was anything it could do and was consistently told " no . "
GRAPH : The Vienna Stock Exchange mirrors the change of sentiment .
Leaving most other developed markets in the dust in the first seven years of this decade it has declined 75 % from the top seen in 2007 .
Graph courtesy of Yahoo .
For a comparison : ( in German ) Austria 's public debt stands at a relatively moderate 58 % of GDP .
The average debt ratio for Eurozone members stands at 66 % .
This may change drastically .
Austrian politicians have repeatedly said to guarantee up to € 100 billion in bank obligations , but negotiations have stalled .
Banks are picky about the terms for their lifelines .
IMHO it will take only a few more months and capital starved credit institutions will have to accept any deal the state may offer then .
Such measures are designed to balloon Austria 's debt to GDP ratio to 66 % , considering only a € 15 billion recapitalization as the government debt committee calculated last December .
It then recommended to prioritize the bailout of the banking sector
As the bailout will probably cost at least double of that , worsening the debt ratio , profligate actions by bankers may cost Austria its coveted AAA rating that helped keeping refinancing costs at the level of Eurozone benchmark Germany in the past decades .
Austria had withdrawn a bond issue in 2008 as investors were asking for higher yields .
Click here for a graph depicting Austria 's extraordinary exposure to Eastern Europe Speculations gone bad are hitting home everywhere meanwhile .
Local thrifts made headlines in 2008 with losses eradicating their capital base and communities face huge losses from their investments too .
Add this to declining tax revenues due to a nosedive of the economy and the thin layer of prosperity disappears rapidly as my research on the ground shows .
Austria 's two major listed banks , Erste Bank and Raiffeisen International have declined even more , signalling that the worst is yet to come .
Austria 's biggest bank , Unicredit , belongs to the Italian parent Unicredit .
Austria had averted the bankruptcy of Constantia Privatbank last year .
This year , it installed a state commissary at Medici Privatbank which had invested most of its funds with record Ponzi scheme master Berhard Madoff .
UPDATE : Ambrose Evans - Pritchard and Bruno Waterfield describe the bigger picture of Europe 's bank rescue here
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A man who fathered two children with his daughter during years of sexual abuse against his family has been sentenced to 14 years in jail .
The 72 - year - old , who can not be named to protect the identity of his victims , abused three daughters in Dundee and Fife between 1976 and 1993 .
He started raping the eldest girl when she was 12 years old .
Now 42 , the daughter had a baby girl by her father when she was 17 and gave birth to a son six years later .
The father started raping a younger daughter when she was eight years old .
The abuse lasted until she was 16 .
He was convicted last month of repeatedly raping two daughters and using lewd and libidinous behaviour towards a third .
He has ruined my life and that of so many others and I will never be able to forgive him
Daughter
' I had two children by my father '
The older woman , who now lives in Aberdeenshire , went to the police after telling the truth to her son during an argument .
She had been too afraid to speak out before because her father had threatened to shoot her .
After the sentencing at the High Court in Kilmarnock she said : " I 'm delighted with the sentence , hopefully he will die in jail .
" It is one less paedophile on the streets and one more step on getting my life back together . "
She thanked the jury and the judge for the conviction and the sentence .
The woman added : " I am disappointed he did not show any regret or remorse for his actions and did not acknowledge what he has done to me and my family .
The unidentified man in a family photograph " He has ruined my life and that of so many others and I will never be able to forgive him .
" I hope he rots . "
Lady Clark of Calton described the man 's offences as " terrible " and criticised him for his reluctance to admit the impact he has had on his daughters ' lives .
She said : " You have been found guilty of very serious criminal charges against your daughters .
The charges are terrible in their terms .
" You were in a position of trust and your daughters have suffered terribly over the years . "
Lady Clark sentenced him to 14 years in prison on each of the four rape charges and one year in custody for a charge of lewd and libidinous behaviour .
The sentences will run concurrently .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After an inquiry about a combinatory calculus for dependent types , somebody in #haskell — unfortunately I do n’t remember who — recommended I look at Illative Combinatory Logic .
After studying the paper a bit , all I can say is Wow !
It implements a ( conjecturally ) complete logical system in but three simple typing rules , together with the untyped lambda calculus conversion rules .
I was able to write a dependent typechecker in 100 lines .
The specific system I ’m working with in the paper is called system IG .
The paper also introduces three weaker systems , which are also very nice and worth understanding .
As an example , here is a derivation of the identity function and its type .
This is a backward proof , so each step is implied by the step after it .
But reading it this way makes the algorithm clear .
|- G L ( \A. G A ( \_. A ) ) ( \ A x. x ) L a |- ( \A. G A ( \_. A ) ) a ( ( \A x. x ) a ) ( Gi ) L a |- G a ( \_. a ) ( ( \ A x. x ) a ) ( beta ) L a |- G a ( \_. a ) ( \x. x ) ( beta ) L a , a b |- ( \_. a ) b ( ( \x. x ) b ) ( Gi ) L a , a b |- a ( ( \x. x ) b ) ( beta ) L a , a b |- a b ( beta )
The trick , which is n’t so much a trick as a beautiful deep connection I gather ( although I do n’t fully grok it ) , is that typing propositions are just applications .
So if A is a type , then A b is the proposition “ b has type A ” .
L is the type of types , and G is essentially Π ( the product type constructor ) .
So , for example , the fourth line in the above proof would be written as follows in a conventional system :
a : Type |- ( \x. x ) : a -> a
I need to extend it with finite types and boxes , but I really do n’t want to because it ’s so pretty as is ! :-)
Whether you are an aspiring music superstar , or simply like to get together and jam with your friends on the weekends your
Thanks Giving arriving soon
Do n't miss to surprise your loved ones
Now Or Never
We know we have to thanks many of them in our life but we rarely let ourselves to express our feelings of thanks giving to them .
A thanks giving is a day to say thanks to all those who played as a helping hand for us , whatever the situation is .
Never delay in saying thanks to someone who helped you when no one was there .
Small thanks giving gift enhances your feeling of saying thanks and allowing that person or the receipt feels good .
Giftsomeone allows you to say it in a special way .
Thanks Giving Gift Ideas
We know we have to thanks , many of them in our lives but we rarely let ourselves to express our feelings of thanks giving to them .
Thanks giving is a day to say thanks to all those who played a helping hand for us , whatever the situation is .
Never delay in saying thanks to someone who helped you when no one was there .
Small thanks giving gift enhances your feeling of saying thanks and allowing that person or the receipt feels good .
Giftsomeone allows you to say it in a special way .
Income of 400 richest Americans doubled during Bush era Jeremy Gantz
Published : Saturday January 31 , 2009
Print This Email This The 21st century Gilded Age party really got going before the U.S. economy went bust .
It was a party disproportionately enjoyed by high - income Americans , the 400 wealthiest of which actually doubled their share of all U.S. income between 1996 and 2006 , new statistics released by the Internal Revenue Service show .
And during the first six years of George W. Bush 's presidency , the average income of those 400 people actually doubled to $ 263.3 million , according to the data .
Between 2005 and 2006 , those 400 Americans saw their income rise nearly 23 percent , and through the first six years of the Bush administration their average tax rate fall by a third , to 17.2 percent , Bloomberg reported .
That 17.2 percent tax rate was the lowest the group has paid on average since the IRS began keeping track of the country 's 400 biggest taxpayers in 1992 , the agency 's data shows .
The big reduction -- from 2001 's 22.9 percent tax rate for the group -- was " due largely " to ex-President George W. Bushs push to cut tax rates on most capital gains to 15 percent in 2003 , Bloomberg reported .
Bush administration tax cuts that benefit the wealthy will expire by 2011 , unless extended or made permanent by Congress and the president .
The IRS released the new data Thursday , one day before the government revealed the U.S. economy contracted 3.8 percent during the final quarter of 2008 , its fastest rate since 1982 .
" Until recently , we had a financial system that rewarded investors , and we have a tax system that does as well , " said Robert McIntyre , the director of Citizens for Tax Justice , in this International Herald Tribune article .
Now wealthy people , McIntyre said , pay income tax rates far less than those of working - class citizens because of tax breaks .
The current 15 percent capital gains tax , down from 28 percent in 1997 , benefits investors with big portfolios , the International Herald Tribune reported .
 The conservative approach of putting big corporations and the very wealthy ahead of the middle class has failed to create prosperity that can be shared by all Americans , " writes Think Progress .
The 400 richest U.S. taxpayers in 2006 paid slightly more than $ 18 billion in U.S. government income taxes in 2006 -- an average of $ 45 million -- on a record $ 105 billion in total income .
The combined taxes paid by all other individual taxpayers was nearly $ 1 trillion in 2006 , the new IRS data shows .
creaturespart5 Creatures Part 5
Home Strange Clouds Sunsets Water Plants Zoinks !!!
I caught this little guy by surprise : )
Previous Next
Click Here To Purchase A Print Or This Framed To Comment On This Post Visit The Blog !
Pakistan Daily
February 1 , 2009
“ American leadership is good for America and for the world . ”
David and Henry might as well admit that the “ economic crisis ” has been engineered for much the same reason as the Great Depression : massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the elite .
So reads the introduction to the Project For The New American Century ( PNAC ) , perhaps the most important document ever ignored by so many impacted millions — the neocon blueprint for American “ full - spectrum domination ” of the world .
“ Benign global hegemony ” is their tender euphemism for it , and the hegemony business is not going as planned .
American leadership for America has n’t been so good , either .
Commonly accepted accounting principles show America bankrupt , our federal government ’s net worth at negative $ 60 trillion , roughly ..
American leadership has turned our government into a special - interest Hydra owned and ruled by financial gangsters , the industrial military complex , and the American Israeli Public Awareness Committee ( AIPAC ) .
Foreign creditors are about all that ’s keeping American government from insolvency .
But the global financial contagion effectively spawned by American leadership threatens that funding ; alternatives promise hyperinflation , collapse of the dollar … .
Americans are accelerating toward surpassing even the Great Depression in terms of sheer misery and decay and loss .
Right now we seem to be running on fumes of hope .
Obama ’s masterful engagement of hope in Americans , that ’s the easier part .
It ’s change where inertia takes over — the tendency for a body in motion to remain in motion , a body at rest to remain at rest .
Besides being the place where principles go to die , Washington is the world ’s center of inertia .
Obama ’s friendly and sincere face backed up by apparent compassion and intelligence , those moving speeches , and massive corporate funding power a beacon of hope after our dark eight - year BushCo nightmare .
But the big corporate bucks cement elite ownership and control architecture , and inertial guidance , wrapping Obama in a sinister bind .
Anything he does for the common good — any significant change , will compromise elite interests .
For instance , one of the greatest improvements possible for the people would be whittling down the 737 military bases we ’ve planted around the world , and withdrawing from wars of aggression .
Iraq and Afghanistan alone have cost about $ 4 trillion so far .
And of our thousands of domestic military bases , 120 of them are more than two miles underground … totally self - contained elite nests as it were , endgame oases , safe havens for when the people wise up .
Imagine even a fraction of our military spending , and black op insurance against the people wising up — imagine it applied to the common good .
American military spending exceeds that of the rest of the world combined , and much of the rest of the world pays attention .
When bringing freedom and democracy really means murder and plunder , no amount of PR can hide the blood and oil , except from Americans .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Spokescreature for the elite and legendary ghoul Henry Kissinger wrote recently , “ The extraordinary impact of the President - elect on the imagination of humanity is an important element in shaping a new world order .
But it defines an opportunity , not a policy .
The ultimate challenge is to shape the common concern of most countries and all major ones regarding the economic crisis , together with a common fear of jihadist terrorism , into a strategy reinforced by the realization that the new issues like proliferation , energy and climate change permit no national or regional solution . ”
Fear , terrorism , economic crisis , proliferation … fear and fear and more fear — do n’t think when it ’s so easy just to fear and obey authority .
Henry , you ’re hot .
And how exquisitely that heat dovetails with statements of record from fellow inhumanist David Rockefeller , including :
“ Some even believe we ( the Rockefeller family ) are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , characterizing my family and me as ‘ internationalists ’ and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure — one world , if you will .
If that ’s the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it . ”
Also , “ We are grateful to The Washington Post , The New York Times , Time magazine , and other great publications whose directors have attended our meetings and respected their promise of discretion for almost forty years .
It would have been impossible for us to develop our plan for the world if we had been subject to the bright lights of publicity during those years .
But the world is now more sophisticated and prepared to march towards a world government .
The super national sovereignty of an intellectual elite and world bankers is surely preferable to the national auto - determination practiced in past centuries . ” ( emphasis added )
And , “ We are on the verge of a global transformation .
All we need is the right major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order . ”
David and Henry might as well admit that the “ economic crisis ” has been engineered for much the same reason as the Great Depression : massive transfer of wealth from the working class to the elite .
The Federal Reserve confessed to engineering the Great Depression , apologized , said they ’d never do it again .
This time around there are more “ engineers ” , plus enhancement of the baleful dimension of getting the world to “ … march toward a world government ” .
So what might the New World Order show us ?
Simply , absolute control of land , sea , space , cyberspace , resources and people by the same elite now grappling with messiness of such as sovereign nations and human rights .
They smell the goal line — those who profit from all dimensions of war and destruction ; who profit from mangling the biosphere with fossil fuels ; who profit from cashing out any hope of a non-reptilian future for humanity ; who profit on extinction … those to whom profit , power and control are what life is about .
Humanity slashed and burned down to under a billion slaves lorded over by a crust of reptilian supremacy … .
Obama is shackled by the same power system that purchased his ascendance .
No president dare work outside of the system , cannot effect significant improvement to that enemy of the elite , the common good .
But Obama has a gift for inspiring hope .
Could his resonance with the people go beyond simple hope , into actual change — in the people ?
When enough people finally realize that the change they have so hoped for ca n’t happen in this system regardless of who is president , will the collapse of hope create enough energy to leverage people into wising up ?
Will enough people finally be motivated into recognizing the lies and distractions , indirection and manipulation of the elite ’s media for what they are ?
Can Americans learn to ignore what essentially the enemy tells them in favor of what they see , and learn to think for themselves ?
That ’s the sum of any legitimate hope we have of not being herded into oblivion .
Can we still rally our minds ?
That should quickly lead to greater understanding of what is really going on — to what David Rockefeller smugly termed “ the bright lights of publicity . ”
That in turn is bound to dish up some serious shock and awe — first , and then , renaissance of intelligence ?
If we did n’t genuinely have the power , why would the elite still be so obsessed with perception management this late in the end game ?
How much taxpayer money goes toward protecting the elite from the people — just how much of our sweat and blood is used against us , that should send the thoughts flying .
All those nests in hell are hideously expensive , would sure buy a lot of health care , and ….
Unfortunately , getting Americans to coordinate their collective intelligence into focused power presents a daunting challenge .
There have been many factors in the atrophy of independent and penetrating thinking in America .
At or near the top … that most successful of federal programs , the intentional dumbing down of Americans — quest for a nation of sheep .
Sheer scope of the endeavor is mind numbing .
Inanity and lies , indirection and omission and overt brainwashing of mainstream corporate media — that ’s just the frosting .
The cake is full of lead and mercury , two of the most dangerous neurotoxins around ; thanks to coal - fired power plants and many decades of leaded gasoline , both neurotoxins are ALL around .
Our foods are spiked with brain - damaging excitotoxins such as aspartame and especially monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) — which hides under many different names .
It ’s been revealed that high fructose corn syrup , that ubiquitous sweetener that has largely replaced sugar in the sweetening of America , contains mercury .
Nine out of twenty commercial samples tested positive this week .
There ’s also classified and unpublicized programs the U.S. military is using in its openly - stated goal to “ Own the weather by 2025 ″ .
You know , the “ spray boys ” and their chemtrails crisscrossing the sky …seeding the atmosphere with particles of metal oxides ( aluminum , barium , strontium … ) .
It ’s just one more soldier in the undeclared War On Thinking , the elite versus everyone else .
If there is any way Obama can directly or indirectly inspire Americans to think their way out of the New World Order trap , all the hope we ’ve been seeing could be absolutely justified by Americans themselves being the change .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
We provide USB Drive Recovery Software to recover lost files and folders from USB flash drive media .
Software resolves all types of data loss issues that can occur when pen drive is being accessed on your PC or similar gadgets .
Program successfully recovers all lost or deleted data including text documents , pictures , videos , audios and other valuable data from flash drive , pen drive , thumb drive and other types of USB storage devices .
Download
Free donuts on inauguration day ?
Those must be pro-abortion donuts , says the American Life League .
A pro-choice , pro-prevention President who does n’t demonize women who have abortions … AND free donuts on inauguration day …it ’s all just too much for the American Life League .
Apparently , wires in the ALL office short - circuited when the anti-choice group heard that Krispy Kreme would be giving away free donuts on Inauguration Day , heralded by the following press release :
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts , Inc. ( NYSE : KKD ) is honoring American ’s sense
of pride and freedom of choice on Inauguration Day , by offering a free
doughnut of choice to every customer on this historic day , Jan. 20 .
By
doing so , participating Krispy Kreme stores nationwide are making an
oath to tasty goodies — just another reminder of how oh - so - sweet
‘ free ’ can be .
Seeing the words " freedom " " of " and " choice " one next to the other , ALL made the only conclusion they could have made : those are pro-abortion donuts Krispy Kreme plans to give away !
ALL issued a press release of its own :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
KRISPY KREME CELEBRATES OBAMA WITH PRO - ABORTION DOUGHNUTS
Washington , DC ( 15 January 2009 )
The following is a statement from American Life League president Judie Brown : " The
next time you stare down a conveyor belt of slow - moving , hot , sugary
glazed donuts at your local Krispy Kreme , you just might be supporting
President - elect Barack Obama ’s radical support for abortion on demand –
including his sweeping promise to sign the Freedom of Choice Act as
soon as he steps in the Oval Office , Jan. 20 .
[…]
The unfortunate reality of a post Roe v. Wade
America is that ‘ choice ’ is synonymous with abortion access , and
celebration of ‘ freedom of choice ’ is a tacit endorsement of abortion
rights on demand .
" President - elect Barack Obama promises to be the most
virulently pro-abortion president in history .
Millions more children
will be endangered by his radical abortion agenda .
" Celebrating his inauguration with ‘ Freedom of Choice ’
doughnuts – only two days before the anniversary of the Supreme Court
decision to decriminalize abortion – is not only extremely tacky , it ’s
disrespectful and insensitive and makes a mockery of a national
tragedy .
Best comment on the Miami New Times blog : " if they were abortion donuts , i do n’t think i’d want one .
i assume they ’d be taking them out of the oven way too early . "
Enjoy the other comments on the New Times blog and on Wonkette .
The Near Earth Asteroids offer both threat and promise .
They present the threat of planetary impact with regional or global disaster .
And they also offer the promise of resources to support humanity 's long - term prosperity on Earth , and our movement into space and the solar system .
The technologies needed to return asteroidal resources to Earth Orbit ( and thus catalyze our colonization of space ) will also enable the deflection of at least some of the impact - threat objects .
We should develop these technologies , with all due speed !
Development and operation of future in - orbit infrastructure ( for example , orbital hotels , satellite solar power stations , earth - moon transport node satellites , zero - g manufacturing facilities ) will require large masses of materials for construction , shielding , and ballast ; and also large quantities of propellant for station - keeping and orbit - change maneuvers , and for fuelling craft departing for lunar or interplanetary destinations .
Spectroscopic studies suggest , and ' ground - truth ' chemical assays of meteorites confirm , that a wide range of resources are present in asteroids and comets , including nickel - iron metal , silicate minerals , semiconductor and platinum group metals , water , bituminous hydrocarbons , and trapped or frozen gases including carbon dioxide and ammonia .
As one startling pointer to the unexpected riches in asteroids , many stony and stony - iron meteorites contain Platinum Group Metals at grades of up to 100 ppm ( or 100 grams per ton ) .
Operating open pit platinum and gold mines in South Africa and elsewhere mine ores of grade 5 to 10 ppm , so grades of 10 to 20 times higher would be regarded as spectacular if available in quantity , on Earth .
Water is an obvious first , and key , potential product from asteroid mines , as it could be used for return trip propulsion via steam rocket .
About 10 % of Near - Earth Asteroids are energetically more accessible ( easier to get to ) than the Moon ( i.e. under 6 km / s from LEO ) , and a substantial minority of these have return - to - Earth transfer orbit injection delta-v's of only 1 to 2 km/s .
Return of resources from some of these NEAs to low or high earth orbit may therefore be competitive versus earth - sourced supplies .
Our knowledge of asteroids and comets has expanded dramatically in the last ten years , with images and spectra of asteroids and comets from flybys , rendezvous , and impacts ( for example asteroids Gaspra , Ida , Mathilde , the vast image collection from Eros , Itokawa , and others ; comets Halley , Borrelly , Tempel - 1 , and Wild - 2 .
And radar images of asteroids Toutatis , Castalia , Geographos , Kleopatra , Golevka and other ...
These images show extraordinary variations in structure , strength , porosity , surface features .
The total number of identified NEAs has increased from about 300 to more than 3,000 in the period 1995 to 2005 .
The most accessible group of NEAs for resource recovery is a subset of the Potentially Hazardous Asteroids ( PHAs ) .
These are bodies ( about 770 now discovered ) which approach to within 7.5 million km of earth orbit .
The smaller subset of those with orbits which are earth - orbit - grazing give intermittently very low delta-v return opportunities ( that is it is easy velocity wise to return to Earth ) .
These are also the bodies which humanity should want to learn about in terms of surface properties and strength so as to plan deflection missions , in case we should ever find one on a collision course with us .
Professor John Lewis has pointed out ( in Mining the Sky ) that the resources of the solar system ( the most accessible of which being those in the NEAs ) can permanently support in first - world comfort some quadrillion people .
In other words , the resources of the solar system are essentially infinite ...
And they are there for us to use , to invest consciousness into the universe , no less .
It 's time for humankind to come out of its shell , and begin to grow !!
So both for species protection and for the expansion of humanity into the solar system , we need to characterize these objects and learn how to mine and manage them .
Once we learn how to work on , handle , and modify the orbits of small near - earth objects , we will have achieved , as a species , both the capability to access the vast resources of the asteroids , and also the capability to protect our planet from identified collision threats .
Since the competing source of raw materials is " delivery by launch from Earth , " which imposes a launch cost per kilogram presently above $ 10,000 per kg , this same figure represents the upper bound of what recovered asteroidal material would be presently worth in low earth orbit .
Future large scale economic activity in orbit is unlikely to develop however until launch cost drops to something in the range $ 500 to $ 1,000 per kilogram to LEO .
At that point , any demand for material in orbit which can be satisfied at equal or lower cost by resources recovered from asteroids , will confer on these asteroidal resources an equivalent value as ore in true mining engineering terms , i.e. , that which can be mined , have valuable product recovered from it , to be sold for a profit .
Now , $ 500,000 per ton product is extraordinarily valuable , and is certainly worth chasing !
Note that the asteroidal materials we are talking about are , simply , water , nickel - iron metal , hydrocarbons , and silicate rock .
Purified , and made available in low earth orbit , they will be worth something like $ 500,000 per ton , by virtue of having avoided terrestrial gravity 's " launch cost levy . "
These are values up there with optical glass , doped semiconductors , specialty isotopes for research or medicine , diamonds , some pharmaceuticals , illicit drugs .
On the mining scene , the only metal which has ever been so valuable was radium , which in the 1920's reached the fabulous value of $ 200,000 per gram !
Platinum Group Metals ( which are present in metallic and silicate asteroids , as proved by the " ground truth " of meteorite finds ) have a value presently in the order of $ 1,000 per ounce or $ 30 per gram .
Vastly expanded use in catalysts and for fuel cells will enhance their value , and PGM recovery from asteroid impact sites on the Moon is the basis of Dennis Wingo 's book , " Moonrush . "
When will we see asteroid mining start ?
Well , it will only become viable once the human - presence commercial in - orbit economy takes off .
Only then will there be a market .
And that can only happen after NASA ceases acting as a near - monopolist launch provider and thwarter of competition , and reverts to being a customer instead .
A developing in - space economy will build the technical capability to access NEAs , almost automatically .
And regardless of the legal arguments about mineral claims in outer space , once the first resource recovery mission is successful , what 's the bets on a surge in interest similar to the dotcom - boom and biotech - boom ?
The first successful venturers will develop immense proprietary knowledge , and make a mint .
And some as - yet unidentified ( but almost certainly already discovered ) NEAs will be the company - making mines of the 21st century .
Mark Sonter is an independent scientific consultant working in the Australian mining and metallurgical industries , providing advice on radiation protection , industrial hygiene , safety , and remediation of radioactively contaminated sites .
His career includes 2 years as a high school science teacher , 6 years as a University Physics lecturer in Papua New Guinea , postgraduate studies in medical physics , and 28 years in uranium mining radiation safety management , including 5 years as Corporate Safety Manager for a major mining corporation .
Mark was a visiting scholar at U of Arizona in 1995 , and during 1995 - 97 wrote a research thesis on the Technical and Economic Feasibility of Mining the Near - Earth Asteroids .
He was granted funding by the Foundation for International Non-governmental Development of Space ( FINDS ) to develop concepts for mining the near - Earth asteroids .
He can be reached at sontermj@tpg.com.au .
NOTE : The views of this article are the author 's and do not reflect the policies of the National Space Society .
Visit SPACE.com / Ad Astra Online for more news , views and scientific inquiry from the National Space Society .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea said on Tuesday any attempt by the U.N. Security Council to punish it for trying to put a satellite in space would mean the collapse of international disarmament talks aimed at ending its nuclear program .
Satellite image from DigitalGlobe collected on June 29 , 2006 shows No Dong , North Korea , the area where a Taepodong missile facility is located .
REUTERS /DigitalGlobe
North Korea has said it would launch a satellite between April 4 - 8 .
Regional powers see the launch as a disguised test of its longest - range missile and a violation of U.N. sanctions forbidding the reclusive state from firing ballistic missiles .
“ It is perversity to say satellite launch technology cannot be distinguished from a long - range missile technology and so must be dealt with by the U.N. Security Council , which is like saying a kitchen knife is no different from a bayonet , ” state media quoted a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying .
The unidentified spokesman said “ such an act of hostility ” would be in defiance of the September 19 joint statement , a disarmament - for - aid deal the impoverished North reached with China , Japan , Russia , South Korea and the United States .
“ If the September 19 joint statement is nullified , there will be neither the foundation nor the meaning for the existence of the six - party talks , ” the spokesman said .
In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood called the North Korean comments unhelpful and urged Pyongyang to resume disarmament negotiations .
“ This type of ... rhetoric just does n’t promote the cause of peace on the Korean Peninsula .
It raises tensions .
We want to see them come back to the table , ” Wood told reporters .
U.S. Army Gen. Walter Sharp , commander of U.S. forces in Korea , described the launch threat as part of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il ’s effort to perpetuate his own rule .
“ Kim Jong - il , I think , is still in complete control of his military and his policy , ” Sharp said in testimony before the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee .
“ What he is doing right now in ( these ) provocations is ... seeing to what point he can push the rest of the world to get concessions to be able to continue the regime , ” he said .
North Korea has given international agencies notice of the rocket ’s planned trajectory that would take it over Japan , dropping booster stages to its east and west .
Analysts said the notice was given to help the North argue the rocket launch does not violate U.N. sanctions put in place after it test - launched a series of missiles in 2006 .
South Korea , Japan and the United States have all said they want to press sanctions against the North for a launch and see no difference between a satellite launch and a missile launch because they use the same rocket -- called the Taepodong - 2 .
The European Union agreed that Pyongyang ’s planned satellite launch would contravene U.N. Security Council rules .
“ Their ‘ experimental satellite launch ’ would be seen as a breach of the UN Security Council resolution , ” the EU presidency held by the Czech republic , said in a statement after a meeting of EU delegates with North Korea authorities .
‘ ACT OF WAR ’
Japan may deploy two Aegis - equipped destroyers , capable of shooting down missiles , to waters between North Korea and Japan , Japanese media have said .
The United States also has naval ships deployed in Asia that can intercept missiles .
North Korea has said shooting down the rocket would be an act of war .
Japan ’s foreign minister said it would be difficult to intercept debris falling from the rocket .
“ Our country has not done this before .
We do n’t know how or where it will fly , ” Hirofumi Nakasone told reporters .
The first and only time the North test - launched the Taepodong - 2 in 2006 , it fizzled shortly into flight and blew apart after about 40 seconds .
China , which hosts the often - stalled nuclear disarmament talks , urged restraint .
The most recent snags in the talks are the North ’s complaints that aid is not being delivered as promised , with the other five parties objecting to Pyongyang ’s refusal to accept a nuclear inspection system .
North Korea has been working hard for weeks to prepare its launch tower to launch the rocket , Jane ’s Intelligence Review said after reviewing satellite images .
Other experts have said it would take about a week to 10 days to prepare the rocket for launch once it is set vertically and placed on the launch pad .
Diplomats from Japan , South Korea and the United States will meet on Friday in Washington to discuss the planned rocket launch , Kyodo news agency said .
DETROIT  The Treasury Department has turned down a request by General Motors for up to $ 10 billion to help finance the automaker ’s possible merger with Chrysler , according to people close to the discussions .
Instead of providing new assistance , the Treasury Department told G.M. on Friday , the Bush administration will now shift its focus to speeding up the $ 25 billion loan program for fuel - efficient vehicles approved by Congress in September and administered by the Energy Department .
Treasury officials were said to be reluctant to broaden the $ 700 billion financial rescue program to include industrial companies or to play a part in a G.M. - Chrysler merger that could cost tens of thousands of jobs .
But it remained unclear whether the officials were also seeking to avoid making any decision that would conflict with the goals of a new presidential administration .
The Democratic candidate , Senator Barack Obama , has said in recent days that he supports increasing aid to the troubled auto companies , while Senator John McCain has not said whether he would support aid beyond the $ 25 billion .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 4 , 2009
A shocking document has come to light from a church in Ohio which educates its congregation that Barack Obama ’s presidency is appointed by God and that Obama himself is “ God ’s minister , ” in another perversion of Romans 13 , the bible verse cited as an excuse for Christians not to oppose tyranny .
Ohio District Superintendent Rev. John Wooton was responsible for distributing the pamphlet , which was handed out at the Assembly of God church in Ohio , according to a reader who forwarded the document to us .
Click here for the PDF file .
“ This was handed out at the Assembly of God church that my fiance and I used to attend .
We immediately stopped attending after getting this flier about ’ submitting to Obama and the government , ’ states the reader .
“ The pastor even brought children to the front of the church , encouraging them to submit to teachers , firemen , and the police .
It was insane . ”
“ I confronted the pastor about his stance on Romans 13 , a year prior , and he assured me that he would never sell out his church .
This sermon was given on the immediate Sunday after Obama ’s election win .
Please post this and inform others about it .
I never , ever thought this would happen in the church I was attending , but thankfully , we were informed enough to leave this church , ” he concludes .
The document cites Romans 13 verses 1 - 4 and claims that the following “ paraphrases ” can be interpreted from the bible .
– Barack Obama ’s presidency is appointed by God. ( v 1 )
– Christians should lead the way in supporting Barack Obama ’s presidency . ( v 2 )
– Barack Obama ’s presidency can be a force for good and a deterrent against evil .
( v 3 )
– As president , Barack Obama is God ’s minister to you for good . ( v 4 )
The document concedes that a majority of practicing Christians probably did n’t even vote for Obama because of his pro-abortion policies , indeed one of Obama ’s first acts as President was to issue an executive order which ensured that millions more black babies are aborted in third world countries , with American taxpayers picking up the tab .
[ efoods ]
Obama himself has also scoffed at Christians in the past , arrogantly stating that people “ cling to guns or religion ” in tough times .
Despite this , the document urges Christians to “ support loudly ” Obama ’s policies and “ remember who is in control ” .
Romans 13 has routinely been cited by tyrants throughout history in an attempt to prevent Christians from opposing their rule , indeed , it was Hitler ’s favorite bible verse .
Religious groups such as the Catholics in 1930 ’s Germany also used the verse as an excuse not to rise up against the Nazis when they were still a minority political party .
A large number of mainstream church representatives claim that Romans 13 means Christians should obey the ruling authorities no matter how tyrannical they are , and yet the bible itself is full of examples of men standing up to corrupt authorities and attempting to change the system – Jesus , John the Baptist and Moses being the prime examples .
Should Jesus have refrained from throwing the money changers out of the temple ?
Should Moses have cowered from standing up to the Egyptian slave masters ?
Should John the Baptist have kept quiet about the sinful practices of Herod Antipas , his condemnation of which led to his beheading ?
The fact that large churches in America are encouraging their congregation to all but obey the government and support their agenda even if it opposes basic Christian principles is a shocking indictment of how much control the state now exercises over the church through the carrot of the 501 ( c ) ( 3 )
Status dangled in front of corruptible pastors and preachers .
Ominously .
as we first exposed in 2006 , FEMA is training pastors and other religious representatives to become secret police enforcers who teach their congregations to “ obey the government ” in preparation for a declaration of martial law , property and firearm seizures , and forced relocation .
The bible verse that FEMA encourages religious representatives to cite while undertaking this role ?
Romans 13 .
The individual who forwarded the document noted that around the time the sermon was given , the church seemed to have an influx of funds .
“ This church has a new stage with flat screen monitors , updated church vans , and is talking about expanding the church by building a new church , which all occurred around the giving of this sermon .
Mind you , we were having a hard time buying new chairs for our church , no more than a year ago .
Coincidence ? ” he writes .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Sci Fi Channel : Humans are among us Posté par Stefdem Vendredi , 6 février , 2009 · 29 Commentaires
Une belle campagne de pub prenant le contre - pied des vieux cinoches horrifiques des années 50 pour la chaîne de télé Sci Fi .
Trouvé sur ibelieveinadv
Similar Posts :
Share on Facebook
Scientists say there is no evidence to support the widespread belief that running shoes with sophisticated cushioning or heel supports prevent injury .
Researcher Craig Richards from the University of Newcastle says his team searched almost 60 years of articles relating to running , shoes and injury prevention , and found no published tests on whether hi-tech shoes have a real world benefit .
" We searched all the articles we could identify in the major databases since 1950 , " Dr Richards told ABC Radio's PM program .
" None of them have actually been control trials and most of them are just reiterating expert opinion or referring to studies which have been performed in a laboratory which do n't actually have any real world meaning .
" The bottom line is that these shoes have been experimental for the last 20 years and [ are ] still experimental . "
Dr Richards admits some will argue with his findings .
" To health professionals , to runners to shoe retailers and to the sort of shoes that manufacturers have been producing this is absolutely heretical , " he said .
" This is why it is such an interesting finding and one which really needs to be pursued by some careful scientific research now , to establish whether these shoes are good for you , whether they do nothing for you or whether they are actually harmful for you . "
President of the Australasian Podiatry Council Brenden Brown says that does not mean consumers should necessarily jump off the treadmill and throw away their shoes .
" I think that it 's quite easy to say to say that there are no studies out there suggesting that these shoes in fact work , but there are many products that we use in medicine , health and everyday life [ and ] there are n't studies to back up their use , " he said .
Ben Ly , who manages a fitness centre in inner Sydney , says high quality performance footwear does make a difference to training .
" If you look at the Olympics that were in you know , the 70s and the 60s when they were running in pure flat based shoes on tartan [ sic ] , a lot of people were probably getting more stress fractures than ever before , " he said .
" There was no orthotics , there was no inbuilt arch .
" Flat feet is a growing problem .
A lot of people are getting pronation in the ankle which relates to knee pain which relates to knee injury , which relates to the hip to the back .
It all relates to everything , it all starts at your feet . "
Liz Brett , a sports and recreation manager and former Australian Olympic volleyballer , also recommends people spend money on shoes to reduce the risk of injury .
" I do chat to people who come to the UTS fitness centre occasionally and particularly those who are n't wearing proper running shoes who are on the treadmill , I 'll often go up and ask them if they 've considered purchasing a pair of running shoes , " she said .
" You can hear it , you can hear the slapping when you 're on the treadmills and you think , it 's just an injury waiting to happen . "
But she admits she hopes she has not fallen victim to a marketing con job .
" Bloody hope not .
I 've spent too much money over the years on [ shoes ] to be conned , " she said .
" While there may not be enough information out there or enough research on this particular topic , I do think it 's fair to say that there really are good shoes that improve not necessarily improve performance but certainly reduce the risk of injury . "
Adapted from a report by Emily Bourke for PM , March 11 .
Timothy Geithner ’s plan to save the big banks will be a success .
This success will come at a cost .
The plan will hurt taxpayers , and it will lead to severe price inflation .
It will not revive the faltering economy in 2009 .
It will not restore the housing market .
Family wealth will continue to decline .
I worry a bit about my assessment .
It is shared by Keynesian economists Paul Krugman and James Galbraith .
Still , I am sticking to my guns .
Galbraith was unsparing in his criticisms .
The Geithner plan gets toxic assets off the big banks ’ books , but it does not make them any less toxic .
Because the FDIC is insuring most of these assets against loss , the taxpayers will probably wind up paying the freight .
You can see the two - part TV interview with him here .
http://www.garynorth.com/snip/811.htm
http://www.garynorth.com/snip/812.htm
Galbraith calls the banking system “ massively corrupted . ” I am in complete agreement .
The political issue was this , he says : “ Which banks will go under ? ”
The government does not want to face this fact : the large banks are the culprits .
I agree completely .
This is a big bank bailout .
Paul Krugman also gave his two cents ’ worth .
This appears on his blog on the New York Times ( March 23 ) .
Leave on one side the question of whether the Geithner plan is a good idea or not .
One thing is clearly false in the way it ’s being presented : administration officials keep saying that there ’s no subsidy involved , that investors would share in the downside .
That ’s just wrong .
Why ?
Because of the non-recourse loans , which reportedly will finance 85 percent of the asset purchases .
Non-recourse loans are what investors love .
If the asset goes bad , the FDIC will pick up most of the tab .
Oh , say can you see , by the dawn ’s early light ?
I hope the light is dawning for you .
Krugman in another column calls this a replay of Japan ’s zombie banks of the 1990 — 2005 era .
The Obama administration is now completely wedded to the idea that there ’s nothing fundamentally wrong with the financial system — that what we ’re facing is the equivalent of a run on an essentially sound bank .
It ’s not just the Administration that sees it this way .
It was also mutual fund investors on Monday .
To this end the plan proposes to create funds in which private investors put in a small amount of their own money , and in return get large , non-recourse loans from the taxpayer , with which to buy bad — I mean misunderstood — assets .
This is supposed to lead to fair prices because the funds will engage in competitive bidding .
But it is immediately obvious , if you think about it , that these funds will have skewed incentives .
In effect , Treasury will be creating — deliberately ! — the functional equivalent of Texas S&Ls in the 1980s : financial operations with very little capital but lots of government - guaranteed liabilities .
For the private investors , this is an open invitation to play heads I win , tails the taxpayers lose .
So sure , these investors will be ready to pay high prices for toxic waste .
After all , the stuff might be worth something ; and if it is n’t , that ’s someone else ’s problem .
That someone else , of course , is the taxpayer .
The taxpayer will get nailed in this deal .
Krugman made this prediction : “ I fear that when the plan fails , as it almost surely will , the administration will have shot its bolt : it wo n’t be able to come back to Congress for a plan that might actually work . ”
This is one more move toward the nationalization of the capital markets .
It is a way to postpone the day of reckoning .
It is a way to let the FDIC get off the hook for bailing out a major bank .
The FDIC prefers to swallow the hemlock later .
The losses on the toxic assets , worst case , will be less than having to take over a large bank and administer the sale of that bank between Friday afternoon and Monday morning .
CHEERING THE DESTRUCTION OF THE DOLLAR
Unless American businesses reverse the present slide of profits , there will be no economic recovery .
Until there is economic recovery , the stock market will not be able to sustain its recent upward move , which has come only because the Federal Reserve last week promised to create $ 1.2 trillion in fiat money , and the Treasury has now promised to offer half a trillion dollars ’ worth of leveraged grants if investors buy the banks ’ toxic assets .
If this is n’t enough money , it will later offer another half trillion .
How will the plan work ?
The banks will get off the hook 100 % .
This is the central fact .
The FDIC will guarantee the packages of loans sold by banks .
That means Congress will guarantee it .
A bill introduced by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd seeks a $ 500 billion line of credit from Congress .
The FDIC will get what it asks in a crisis .
The FDIC will allow highly leveraged guarantees of up to 6 to 1 .
That takes most of the risk out of the deal for investors .
Taxpayers will foot the bill if there are losses .
Then these packages of loans will be auctioned off to investors .
The investors can borrow up to 50 % of their investment money from the Treasury .
You think I ’m exaggerating ?
Here is the official press release .
. . .
To start the process , banks will decide which assets — usually a pool of loans — they would like to sell .
The FDIC will conduct an analysis to determine the amount of funding it is willing to guarantee .
Leverage will not exceed a 6 - to - 1 debt - to - equity ratio .
Assets eligible for purchase will be determined by the participating banks , their primary regulators , the FDIC and Treasury .
Financial institutions of all sizes will be eligible to sell assets .
Pools Are Auctioned Off to the Highest Bidder : The FDIC will conduct an auction for these pools of loans .
The highest bidder will have access to the Public - Private Investment Program to fund 50 percent of the equity requirement of their purchase .
Financing Is Provided Through FDIC Guarantee :
If the seller accepts the purchase price , the buyer would receive financing by issuing debt guaranteed by the FDIC .
The FDIC - guaranteed debt would be collateralized by the purchased assets and the FDIC would receive a fee in return for its guarantee .
Private Sector Partners Manage the Assets :
Once the assets have been sold , private fund managers will control and manage the assets until final liquidation , subject to strict FDIC oversight .
Investors on Monday cheered the prospects of the destruction of the dollar and the bankruptcy of the government .
They drove up the Dow by almost 500 points .
The “ new economics ” of the Bernanke era ( since September 2008 ) is based on one gigantic bailout after another , either by the Federal Reserve or the Treasury .
It also rests on a perpetual bailout offered by the People ’s Bank of China .
The PBOC is expected to create new yuans ( inflationary ) , use these newly created yuan to buy U.S. dollars , and then use these dollars to buy U.S. Treasury debt , enabling the Treasury to fund its rapidly escalating debt at T - bill interest rates no higher than 0.25 % per annum .
How realistic are these assumptions ?
Not very .
Yet they are the foundation of the investors ’ recent hope of a new bull market in stocks .
The rise in the stock market has been based on short - run factors that will inevitably undermine the profitability of U.S. businesses .
Businesses need a currency unit that is predictable .
For long - term profitability , interest rates must reflect the underlying conditions of supply and demand : supply and demand for capital , not supply and demand for digits called money .
Digits do not make workers more productive .
Capital does .
Capital must come from investors who forego consumption in order to lend money to businesses , or else provide capital through the purchase of shares .
EARNINGS ARE FALLING
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , earnings ( profits ) for the S&P 500 went negative .
This has not happened before .
At least 400 of the 500 firms had losses .
For six quarters , the S&P 500 had declining earnings .
The sixth quarter culminated in an actual loss .
“ This is the worst ; after the sixth quarter of negative growth , it will be the first quarter ever of negative earnings , ” said Howard Silverblatt , senior index analyst , at Standard & Poor’s .
A sixth quarter of negative growth ties the prior record set when Harry Truman was president , running from the first quarter of 1951 to the second quarter of 1952 .
“ Next quarter , we ’re expecting a new record of seven quarters of negative growth , ” Silverblatt added .
Where is there legitimate hope of turning around this economy ?
Investors these days trust only the U.S. government .
The government must then decide what investments to make .
Investments are usually defined by politicians as government spending on government - owned projects : roads , canals , and government buildings .
Sometimes , a government welfare project is described as an investment .
The government can subsidize a limited segment of the economy .
Today , almost all of the government ’s bailout money is going to two sectors : the government - owned mortgage market and the banks that lent money on residential real estate .
Despite the bailouts , the residential real estate market continues to decline .
The commercial real estate market is now beginning to decline .
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
Local banks have invested heavily in this sector of the economy .
Before the end of 2009 , the losses on commercial real estate will begin to catch up with the losses in residential real estate .
The National Association of Realtors , usually a source of optimistic reports , said in February that the outlook is grim .
The Commercial Leading Indicator for Brokerage Activity fell 6.0 percent to an index of 109.2 in the fourth quarter from a downwardly revised reading of 116.1 in the third quarter , and is 9.1 percent lower than an index of 120 in the fourth quarter of 2007 .
NAR ’s track of the commercial leading indicator dates back to 1990 .
The NAR report indicates declining real estate activity for at least six to nine more months .
The NAR is not alone .
The Society of Industrial and Office Realtors® , in its SIOR Commercial Real Estate Index , a separate attitudinal survey of 644 local market experts , also expects a lower level of business activity in upcoming quarters .
Ninety percent of respondents indicate leasing activity in their market is down , and vacancy rates are generally higher .
The SIOR index has declined for eight consecutive quarters and is 58.5 percentage points below the 100 point criteria that represents a balanced marketplace .
Losses in the job market are depressing commercial real estate .
These losses show no sign of abating .
Vacancy rates in the office market are expected to approach 17 % , up from a little over 13 % in late 2008 .
Industrial vacancy rates are expected to exceed 12 % in the third quarter , up from 10.7 % in the third quarter of 2008 .
The retail market is also falling .
Rents are expected to fall by 9 % this year .
They fell by 2 % in 2008 .
This indicates contraction across the board .
The standard estimate for unemployment by the end of the year is 9 % .
Some forecasters , myself included , think it will exceed 10 % in 2010 .
Unemployment creates fear in the minds of the still employed .
They will move toward reduced spending on non-essential consumer goods .
This will force retailers to cut back .
The pressure on commercial real estate will accelerate in 2009 .
This will put additional pressure on commercial real estate .
DIGITS ARE NOT WEALTH
The bailouts are restoring the balance sheets of the big banks by taking bad debt off these balance sheets .
These debts are being transferred to taxpayers .
These are trillion - dollar subsidies to the largest banks .
Investors in stocks assume that these subsidies to the narrow financial sector will solve the problems facing the banks .
This assumes that all of the bad loans have been registered .
This is not the case .
The fact that the worst of the subprime crisis is behind us is irrelevant .
The re-sets of Alt - A mortgages and option adjustable rate mortgages will continue to escalate through 2011 .
There will have to be additional purchases of toxic assets by the Treasury .
The FED will have to exchange additional Treasury debt assets for bad mortgages if there is not going to be a replay of the last six months .
One of the reasons why the FED is trying to push down 30 - year mortgage rates by buying Freddie and Fannie debt ( $ 500 billion ) is to make possible the rollovers of the Alt - A mortgages and option adjustable mortgages .
The problem will be the credit worthiness of the signers of these loans .
Rates are low , but only for solvent home buyers .
If the bailouts continue , as they will , at some point these large banks will stop holding money as excess reserves at the Federal Reserve at 0 % .
The stock market is anticipating this .
What it is not anticipating is a return of fractional reserve money multiplication .
What seems good to stock investors — banks returning to lending — is in fact the engine of inflation .
The size of the FED ’s asset base has more than doubled over the 12 months , from about $ 950 billion to over $ 2.2 trillion .
This does not count the additional $ 1.2 trillion dollars that Bernanke announced on March 18 .
This 3.6 - to - one expansion of the monetary base will spread to M1 when banks finally start lending into the capital markets .
Just because the public has 3.6 times more money to spend does not mean that people will be 3.6 times richer .
Bernanke has vowed that when the economy recovers , this $ 1.2 trillion increase of funds will be reversed .
That would take the FED ’s balance sheet back to $ 2.2 trillion : more than doubling the monetary base as of March 2008 .
I think Galbraith is wrong about banks ’ refusing to lend .
I think they will lend as soon as the toxic assets are off their books .
They will move assets from excess reserve category ( 0 % ) to a loan category , such as Treasury debt .
When they do , the fractional reserve process will take over .
The monetary base will be put to profitable use — profitable for the banks , disastrous for holders of dollars .
Americans have been set up for massive price inflation , all for the sake of bailing out Fannie and Freddie , two grossly mismanaged corporations , and bailing out the large banks that lent to companies that leveraged themselves 30 - to - 1 to profit from the real estate bubble created by the FED by way of Fannie and Freddie .
Digits are not wealth .
More money in your bank account will not make you richer unless no one else has a comparable increase .
Wealth comes from deferred consumption .
It does not come from increased consumption .
The FED and the Treasury have subsidized consumption , not thrift .
Theirs is an ersatz productivity , an illusion of wealth as reported by digits .
NEVER-ENDING BAILOUTS
The response of the FED and the Treasury has been to increase the national debt , increase the issuing of fiat money , and swapping toxic assets for AAA - rated T - bills at face value .
All of this has put at risk the solvency of the government , the stability of the dollar , and the economic futures of most Americans .
The people in charge of policy - making have some vague understanding of cause and effect in monetary theory .
They are money - managers .
Paulson was an ex-CEO of Goldman Sachs .
Geithner got his start with Kissinger & Associates .
He went to the Treasury late in Reagan ’s second term .
Then he went to the Council on Foreign Relations as a senior fellow .
Then he went to the International Momentary Fund ( IMF ) .
Then he became President of the New York FED .
It is not possible that he does not understand the implications of Federal Reserve monetary policy .
He helped set this policy and execute it .
We can expect a continuing series of monetary and fiscal interventions as the mortgage market continues to deteriorate , as housing prices continue to fall , as the credit card debt market continues to become burdened with unpaid debt , as Asian central banks reduce their purchase of Treasury debt , and as corporate bonds begin to fall because of rising prices and therefore rising long - term interest rates .
The promise of $ 300 billion in FED purchases of 2 - year to 10 - year Treasury bonds did push down rates .
The rate on 2 - year bonds on March 17 was 1.05 % .
On March 20 , it was .89 % .
The rate for 10 - year bonds was at 3.02 % .
On March 20 , it was 2.65 .
The reduction was less for 20 - year and 30 - year bonds .
The FED ’s promise to buy an extra $ 300 billion is marginal in a market that must roll over $ 11 trillion every three to four years .
The FED has one policy : inflation .
The Treasury has one policy : deficits .
The FED can dance with the Treasury by buying a portion of its deficit .
I think the FED will buy an ever - increasing portion of this debt as it rolls over .
The FED will try to keep down Treasury rates that would otherwise rise as a result of the departure of private investors from this market at today ’s rates .
This will not help corporate bonds , which will fall as a result of the FED ’s selective subsidizing of the Treasury and the largest banks .
The bailouts serve as temporary subsidies for the stock market at every announcement .
But then investors think through the implications of more fiat money and larger deficits .
The stock market then falls back .
The underlying pressure is downward because of falling earnings .
The inflationary implications of the interlocked bailouts threaten the present structure of long - term interest rates .
Bailouts always come at the expense of the majority of taxpaying citizens .
The FED and the Treasury can and do subsidize big banks .
The biggest banks will be protected from bankruptcy by the existing political structure .
But these narrow subsidies must be paid for .
They will be paid for by four groups : those who buy and hold Treasury debt ; those who buy and hold dollar - denominated assets ; those who are dependent on fixed dollar income ; and taxpayers in the higher brackets .
If you are a member of one or more of these groups , your future is at risk .
Your dreams are being sacrificed by the money managers who enjoy operating in a nice cartel .
They have gained the support of the senior decision - makers in the U.S.
Treasury , which is staffed by representatives of the cartel .
CONCLUSION
Subsidies benefit those who are subsidized .
The subsidies eventually result in repercussions in the broad economy that put at risk the economic recovery .
Until the prices of capital assets in all stages of production are allowed to rise or fall in terms of stable money and the demand for capital , corporate earnings will remain low .
They will fall .
Falling earnings will undermine the bull market that investors hope for .
It is sad to see fund investors pour money short - term into the equity markets , despite the fact that corporate earnings have fallen and are expected to fall .
The mutual fund market remains committed to the idea that investors can become rich by playing the greater - fool game .
Expected future earnings are the basis of rational pricing of assets .
If earnings fall , asset prices should also fall .
Only a rising price / earnings ratio can keep this decline from happening .
A rising price / earnings ratio was the essence of Greenspan ’s stock market bubble , which ended in March 2000 .
Are retirement fund investors willing to trust the FED to bring back the post - 1991 stock market ?
Will they remain fully invested in stocks because they think that fiat money and the largest deficits in American history will bring back the NASDAQ’s P/E ratio in early 2000 : 200 to 1 ?
Incredibly , if we use the TMT figure for earnings — twelve - month trailing earnings — the S&P 500 in today ’s range will be 183 in the second quarter and 235 in the third .
I do n’t think this is likely , which means either that reported earnings will rise dramatically or prices will fall dramatically .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 by LewRockwell.com .
Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted , provided full credit is given .
Xbox Series X hands - on , Google gives app makers a year to comply with new billing
Today 's major tech headlines include our initial impressions of the Xbox Series X , Google 's changing of Android 's billing system and the US government 's redaction of how TikTok could steal your data .
The S3 SLA is broken ( and how to fix it )
At approximately 2009 - 01 - 14 05:26 , Amazon 's Simple Storage Service suffered some form of internal failure , resulting in a sharp increase in the rate of request failures .
According to Amazon , there were " increased error rates " ; according to my logs , 100 % of the PUT requests the tarsnap server made to S3 failed .
For somewhat more than half an hour ( I do n't know the exact duration ) it was impossible for the tarsnap server to store any data to S3 , effectively putting it out of service as far as storing backups was concerned ; and presumably other S3 users met a similar fate .
At approximately 2009 - 01 - 16 15:20 , the S3 PUT error rate jumped from its usual level of less than 0.1 % up to roughly 1 % ; and as I write this , the error rate remains at that elevated level .
However , the tarsnap server , like all well - designed S3 - using applications , retries failed PUTs , so aside from a very slight increase in effective request latency , this prolonged period of elevated error rates has had no effect on tarsnap whatsoever ; nor , presumably , has it had any significant impact on any other well - designed S3 - using applications .
According to the S3 Service Level Agreement , these two outages -- one which rendered applications inoperative for half an hour , and the other which had little or no impact -- are equal in severity .
This peculiar situation is caused by the overly simplistic form which the SLA takes :
It provides a guarantee on the average Error Rate , completely neglecting to consider the fact that -- given that applications can retry failures -- the impact of errors is a very non-linear function of the error rate .
I observed no outages in S3 during December 2008 , yet even without using tricks which can be used to arficially raise the computed error rate , the occasional failures which result from S3's nature as a distributed system -- failures which occur by design -- were enough that the error rate I experienced ( as computed in accordance with the SLA ) was 0.098 % -- just barely short of the 0.1 % which would have triggered a refund .
At the same time , 0.1 % of a month is 40 - 44 minutes ( depending on the number of days in the month ) , so if S3 failed completely for 30 minutes but every request made outside of that interval succeeded , nobody would get a refund under the SLA .
Put simply , the design of the SLA results in refunds being given in response to harmless failures , yet not being given in response to harmful failures :
The wrong people get refunds .
If I were in charge at Amazon , I would adjust the S3 SLA as follows :
Definitions " Failed Request " means :
A request for which S3 returned either " InternalError " or " ServiceUnavailable " error status .
" Non -GET Request " means : Requests other than GET requests , e.g. , PUT , COPY , POST , LIST , or DELETE requests .
" Severely Errored Interval " for an S3 account means : A five - minute period , starting at a multiple of 5 minutes past an hour , during which either
At least 5 GET requests associated with the account are Failed Requests , and the number of GET requests associated with the account which are Failed Requests is more than 0.5 % of the total number of GET requests associated with the account ; or At least 5 Non-GET Requests associated with the account are Failed Requests , and the number of Non-GET Requests associated with the account which are Failed Requests is more than 5 % of the total number of Non-GET Requests associated with the account .
" Monthly Uptime Percentage " means : 100 % minus the number of Severely Errored Intervals divided by the total number of five - minute periods in the billing cycle ( i.e. , 288 times the number of days ) .
Three notes are in order here :
The use of Severely Errored Intervals as a metric in place of simply computing the average Error Rate would distinguish the low baseline rate of errors which result from S3's design ( and are mostly harmless ) from the exceptional periods where S3's error rate spikes upwards ( often , but not always , to 100 % ) .
In so doing , this change would make it possible to increase the guaranteed Monthly Uptime Percentage without increasing the number of SLA credits given .
I distinguish between GET failures and non-GET failures for two simple reasons : First , GET failures are far less common , so it would n't hurt Amazon to offer a strengthened guarantee for GETs ; and second , because in many situations a GET failure is more problematic than a PUT failure -- not least because web browsers downloading public files from S3 do n't automatically retry failed requests .
The dual requirement that at least 5 % ( or 0.5 % for GETs ) of requests fail AND that there be at least 5 failed requests makes it extremely unlikely that Error Rate increasing tricks could be used to artificially raise an interval across the threshold required to qualify as Severely Errored .
Now , I do n't expect Amazon to adopt this suggestion overnight , and I suspect that even if they are inspired to fix the SLA they 'll do it in such a way that the result is at most barely recognizable as being related to what I 've posted here ; but I hope this will at least spark some discussions about making the set of people who receive SLA credits better reflect the set of people affected by outages .
And Amazonians --
I know you 're going to be reading this , since I logged hundreds of you reading my last post about the S3 SLA -- if this does open your eyes a bit , could you let me know ?
It 's always a bit unsettling to see a deluge of traffic coming from an organization but not to hear anything directly . :-)
Disqus
Spiritual Warfare In Heavenly Places
Spiritual warfare in heavenly places is happening right now .
It 's a war in the heavens .
During times of spiritual warfare , you might feel alone , but you ’re not .
God ’s angels are fighting with you !
If you could pull back the curtain and see into the realm of the spirit , you would discover there is a war taking place in the heavens .
ANGELIC ARMY
There are many holy angels making up the army of the Lord , but only two mentioned by name in Scripture , Gabriel and Michael .
Gabriel is mentioned as one of God ’s special messengers bringing an understanding of God ’s word ( Daniel 8:16 ) .
Michael is described as “ one of the chief princes ” ( Daniel 10:13 ) , “ your prince ” ( Daniel 10:21 ) , “ the great prince ” ( Daniel 12:1 ) , and “ the archangel ” ( Jude 1:9 ) .
He is a leader of God ’s armies ( Revelation 12:7 ) and the guardian of Israel ( Daniel 12:1 ) .
CHIEF IN RANK
Michael is an archangel , meaning one chief in rank and authority .
He can be likened to a general of God ’s army .
He is a warring archangel and defender of the Kingdom of God.
Satan and his angels once attempted a coup d'état against God , but Michael and his army of angels cast them out of the third heaven to the earth .
The third heaven is the seat of God ’s governing authority , the commanding heights ( 2 Corinthians 12:2 - 4 ) .
This place is “ far above all heavens ” ( Ephesians 4:10 ) .
“ And there was war in heaven : Michael and his angels fought against the dragon , and the dragon fought and his angels , And prevailed not ; neither was their place found any more in heaven .
And the great dragon was cast out , that old serpent , called the Devil , and Satan , which deceiveth the whole world , : he was cast out into the earth , and his angels were cast out with him .
And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven , Now is come salvation , and strength , and the kingdom of our God , and the power of his Christ : for the accuser of our brethren is cast down , which accused them before our God day and night . ” ( Revelation 12:7-10 )
HEAVENLY SPIRITUAL WARFARE
The Book of Daniel gives an insight of spiritual warfare in heavenly places .
While Daniel fasted and prayed for 21 days , there was a war in the heavens to stop revelation from getting through to him .
During this time of prayer , he got a visit from Jesus , The Lord of Hosts .
“ Then I lifted up mine eyes , and looked , and behold a certain man clothed in linen , whose loins were girded with fine gold of Uphaz :
His body also was like the beryl , and his face as the appearance of lightning , and his eyes as lamps of fire , and his arms and his feet like in color to polished brass , and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude .
And I Daniel alone saw the vision : for the men that were with me saw not the vision ; but a great quaking fell upon them so that they fled to hide themselves .
Therefore I was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me : for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and I retained no strength .
Yet heard I the voice of his words : and when I heard the voice of his words , then was I in a deep sleep on my face , and my face toward the ground . ” ( Daniel 10:5 - 9 )
CAPTAIN OF THE HOSTS
Some do n’t see Jesus as a warrior , yet Scripture describes him as “ a man of war ” ( Exodus 15:3 ) and “ Captain of the armies of God ” ( Joshua 5:14 ) .
As Lord of Host , Jesus sent an angel to help Daniel understand the vision .
“ And , behold , an hand touched me , which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands .
And he said unto me , O Daniel , a man greatly beloved , understand the words that I speak unto thee , and stand upright : for unto thee am I now sent .
And when he had spoken this word unto me , I stood trembling .
Then said he unto me , Fear not , Daniel : for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand , and to chasten thyself before thy God , thy words were heard , and I am come for thy words .
But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days : but , lo , Michael , one of the chief princes , came to help me ; and I remained there with the kings of Persia . ” ( Daniel 10:10 - 13 )
PRINCE OF PERSIA
As already said , this is a picture of heavenly warfare during Daniel ’s prayer .
This angel is not named but is probably Gabriel .
He described spiritual opposition from the “ prince of the kingdom of Persia ” battling against him for 21 days until Michael came and helped .
EFFECTIVE SPIRITUAL WARFARE
It ’s important for the spiritual warrior to understand this heavenly battle was about stopping understanding from getting through to Daniel .
You will experience the same .
Scripture says , “ It is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven ” ( Matthew 13:11 ) .
MYSTERIES OF THE KINGDOM
The mysteries of the kingdom include revelation or rhema of the Word of God.
Jesus said , “ It is written , That man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word ( rhema ) of God ” ( Luke 4:4 ) .
There are two Greek words used when you read the word in the Bible .
One is logos and the other rhema .
Logos is black ink on white paper .
Rhema is a life - giving revelation .
It ’s revelation of Christ and His Word that makes all the difference in your life .
This is the reason for most of the spiritual warfare you will face .
There is a great lesson for you in Daniel .
Do n’t stop praying , angels are fighting with you , and breakthrough is on the way !
Your partner ,
( c ) Apostle Jonas Clark
In this Ohio city , it seems , it really is tough to stop the bedbugs from biting .
When complaints about the bloodsucking insects first trickled in to Cincinnati ’s public health department three years ago , officials assumed it was an anomaly -- or perhaps the overactive imagination of a bug - phobic public .
After all , Cimex lectularius had all but vanished here by the 1950s because of the frequent use of DDT and other now - banned pesticides .
But that trickle of complaints has grown into a flood :
A recent public survey found that 1 in every 6 people here has had a run-in with the biting bugs in the last 12 months .
Dozens of fire stations in Cincinnati have had to dump furniture or have their living quarters exterminated because firefighters unknowingly brought the eggs in on their boots or pant legs .
Assisted - living complexes have spent tens of thousands of dollars on pest - control companies because , the thinking goes , visitors may have carried in the bugs on their purses or bags .
Advertisement
City health department officials said they now receive more frantic calls about the insects than about mice , rats and cockroaches combined .
If things continue , “ we wo n’t be able to keep up with the requests for inspections , ” said Camille Jones , assistant Cincinnati health commissioner and member of a city - county bedbug task force .
“ It ’s a problem that we expect to only get worse . ”
Cincinnati is not alone in its itchy woes .
Reports of a welt - covered public are coming in from college campuses , high - end hotels and even movie theaters across the country .
University officials at Texas A&M ; in College Station have flown in bedbug - sniffing dogs to root out the insects .
The University of Florida in Gainesville reportedly has spent tens of thousands of dollars to clear dorm rooms and campus apartments of infestations .
Advertisement
In New York , there were 8,830 complaints about bedbugs in fiscal 2008 , which ended June 30 , up from 1,839 in 2005 , according to the city ’s Department of Housing Preservation and Development .
The bugs have shown up in unexpected places :
An executive with Fox News told the New York Times that the Manhattan newsroom had to be exterminated for bedbugs and have its furniture replaced after an employee tracked the insects in from home .
Task forces aimed at eradicating the bugs and educating the public have been established in numerous states -- including Kentucky , Massachusetts , Minnesota and Ohio .
In California , the bugs have become such a problem that the state ’s Department of Public Health started surveying local public health agencies in 2007 to get a handle on the scope of the infestation .
Among the reasons cited for the return of the bugs : the DDT ban and an increase in international travel .
Advertisement
Often mistaken for ticks , adult bedbugs are about a quarter - inch long and reddish - brown .
They are active mostly at night , and their bites can leave itchy welts on the skin .
During the daytime , they tend to hide near places where people sleep -- such as the seams of mattresses -- or in wall cracks or beneath furniture .
The eggs are white , sticky and about the size of a speck of dust , so people can unknowingly spread them from room to room or even across town .
“ Set a bag down on the carpet , or walk through an infested area , and it ’s almost impossible to tell that you ’re walking out with shoes or a bag that has bedbug eggs stuck to them , ” Jones said .
The bugs are not easy to kill .
Most over - the - counter insecticides wo n’t work , and clearing up the problem can take several treatments from a professional exterminator .
Advertisement
There ’s also a social stigma associated with the insect , but unlike some other vermin , bedbugs are attracted to blood -- such as a human ’s or an animal ’s -- not to garbage .
Renee Corea has battled the bugs in her New York apartment for months but shies away from talking to friends about the details .
“ My home is clean .
It ’s always been clean , ” said Corea , who helps run the online support and policy advocacy group newyorkvsbedbugs.org .
“ I have lost a lot of belongings because of this .
The whole experience was emotionally draining and exhausting .
It still is . ”
But figuring out the extent of the problem nationwide is difficult , entomologists say .
Advertisement
Part of the problem is that cash - strapped cities do n’t see the insect as a public - health priority .
Unlike cockroaches , fleas and mosquitoes , bedbugs are n’t known as disease carriers .
“ Anyone can be at risk , ” said Greg Kesterman , director of environmental health for the Hamilton County public health agency , which includes Cincinnati .
Kesterman noted that the county received two complaints about bedbugs in 2003 and nearly 300 in 2008 .
“ This is not only an urban concern , ” Kesterman said .
“ This is everywhere . ”
Advertisement
--
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
Much to the unease of its own officials in Luxembourg , the EIB is already being asked to take on an ever - greater role in Europe 's rescue programmes .
EU leaders agreed to beef up its capital by € 67bn to € 232bn in December .
Lending is to rise by 30 pc to over € 60bn this year with extra spending on green vehicles – which some say is a disguised bail - out for the car industry – as well as energy projects and small businesses .
NEW YORK -- Syracuse and Connecticut played a game for the ages Thursday night and into early Friday .
When it was over , everybody in Madison Square Garden was exhausted and , except for the losing team , exhilarated .
Telling someone that Syracuse ( No. 20 ESPN / USA Today , No. 18 AP ) beat Connecticut ( No. 4 ESPN / USA Today , No. 3 AP ) 127-117 in six overtimes in the quarterfinals of the Big East tournament is equivalent to saying there 's a star in the sky .
There 's more , so much more .
" I 've got no words , " Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim said when asked to describe the second - longest Division I game ever .
" I 've never been prouder of any team I 've coached . "
There were the numbers , from the 3 hours , 46 minutes it took to play the game that ended at 1:22 a.m. , to the combined 244 points , 102 of which came after the regulation buzzer , to the eight players who fouled out , to the six who registered double - doubles .
And that was n't nearly all .
Just ask Syracuse point guard Jonny Flynn , who had 34 points and 11 assists in a game - high 67 minutes , only 3 fewer than were played .
" I just wanted to get the game over with , " he said .
" I was thinking , ' Lord , just get this game over with .
Whoever wins the game , let 's just get it over with . ' "
CANAYRE , Peru —
First the soldiers came to Río Seco , a coca - growing village in the lush mountain jungles of southern Peru .
“ They called us subversives and they opened fire , ” said Benedicto Cóndor , 55 , a coca farmer .
They shot dead four people at close range , including a woman who was five months pregnant , witnesses said .
Two children , ages 6 and 1 , disappeared and are believed dead .
Four months later , the guerrillas arrived , accusing the villagers of helping the military .
They abducted the village leader , who has not been seen since .
The harrowing tales of violence trickling out of the jungle as dozens of families have fled their villages in recent months raise an ominous specter : a brutal war that terrorized the country for two decades may be sparking back to life .
The war against the Shining Path rebels , which took nearly 70,000 lives , supposedly ended in 2000 .
But here in one of the most remote corners of the Andes , the military , in a renewed campaign , is battling a resurgent rebel faction .
And the Shining Path , taking a page from Colombia ’s rebels , has reinvented itself as an illicit drug enterprise , rebuilding on the profits of Peru ’s thriving cocaine trade .
ACORN spokesman , Fox host get into shoutfest over ' lies ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 19 , 2009
Print This Email This Bill O'Reilly has not announced his retirement from Fox News .
However , one could be easily led to think he 's considering it , watching America 's Newsroom anchor Megyn Kelly seemingly audition for the angry host 's traditional role as the network 's screamer .
Speaking with ACORN spokesman Scott Levenson on Thursday , Kelly began the ' discussion ' with Levenson by claiming , " Scott , a lot of people , a lot of our viewers , think your group is corrupt , you 've been found guilty of fraud in several states and they do n't want you having anything to do with the census .
What say you ? "
Levenson tries to respond and clearly state his points while Kelly continues to interrupt , and harass him .
" The election was four months ago , Megyn , and not one person voted in the election that was not supposed to vote , " Levenson said , but the Fox anchor never seemed to listen .
He tried to explain that workers during the election were hired across the country for about $ 12 an hour , and that a handful of individuals -- not the ACORN organization -- were prosecuted for crimes " with ACORN cooperating with prosecutors in each case . "
It 's like calling Fox News a bunch of thieves if an employee is picked up for larceny , he tried his best to point out .
Levenson also managed to get in a few details about ACORN 's participation in the coming census -- which was the supposed purpose of the ' interview . '
" ACORN is voluntarily participating in the census , " he explains , " The census will be hiring workers , not ACORN , and ACORN receives no compensation . "
As Kelly continues to shout her insulting remarks , Levenson calls her on her ' lies ' and , after being repeatedly berated , Kelly says " You 're not gonna talk over me , Scott , you 're gonna let me ask the questions or I 'm gonna cut your mic , " a threat she repeated three times before indeed having Levenson 's microphone cut off .
Kelly then angrily listed each of the arrests again , as if that was all the ammunition she needed .
" This was the most predictable trainwreck shoutfest since O'Reilly went toe to toe with Barney Frank , " opined Hot Air .
" I can only assume that 's why Fox booked him ; there 's no value to this apart from the rubbernecking quotient . "
This video is from Fox 's America 's Newsroom , broadcast Mar. 19 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Welcome to the Musee Mecanique , one of the world ’s largest privately owned collections of mechanically operated musical instruments and antique arcade machines .
We will take you on a journey from turn of the century hand cranked music boxes to modern video arcade games .
This is a trip down memory lane .
It is a chance to show your children or grandchildren what you did for fun when you were their age .
Before video games at home , perhaps before television , perhaps what you remember sitting in your grandparent ’s parlor .
For those of you who grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area , it is a chance to remember Playland at the Beach , Sutro Baths and the Cliff House .
There is our own “ Laffing Sal ” , “ Susie the Can - Can Dancer ” and the fascinating “ Carnival . ”
Other things have been brought in from around the world for your amusement .
For years the collection was housed in the lower level of the Cliff House .
Due to renovation in 2002 the collection moved to its new location at Pier 45 at Fisherman ’s Wharf .
afterdowningstreet.org
submitted by david swanson
A movement is building around a simple statement at http://prosecutebushcheney.org
Organizations and individuals are signing on , and 170 organizations have already taken the lead .
Next week United for Peace and Justice will ask its 1,400 member groups to consider signing on .
Most of the 170 national and local groups signed onto this movement before the release of seven Justice Department memos from 2001 - 2002 in which top officials claimed the right to disregard the Fourth Amendment , Habeas Corpus , and Posse Comitatus :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/40420
Most of these groups signed on before learning that the CIA had destroyed 92 , not 2 , “ interrogation ” tapes :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/40360
Most of these groups signed on before the release of Emails in which we discover that British intelligence thought the Iraq weapons claims were laughably dishonest : http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/40684
Most signed on prior to the United Nations declaring rendition illegal :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/40627
Would you or your organization like to be cutting edge ?
You can sign on at http://prosecutebushcheney.org
You can still be a founding member of this movement and get your name on the statement before :
We learn the details of Cheney ’s assassination teams reported by Seymour Hersh , or
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/40638
The Senate Armed Service Committee releases its full report on torture , or
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/38200
The Department of Justice releases the Emails in which Bush , Cheney , and gang ask their lawyers to give them the “ legal ” opinions on which they relied to commit their crimes :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/node/39988
Given the publicly available videotapes of Bush ( April 11 , 2008 ; Jan. 11 , 2009 ) and Cheney ( Dec. 15 , 2008 ) confessing to torture and Bush confessing to illegal spying ( Dec. 19 , 2005 ) , and the voluminous additional evidence , we ’re not waiting :
http://afterdowningstreet.org/keydocuments
And we know that attorneys general work for presidents and presidents protect presidents .
That ’s why you ’ll find indirect ways to bring pressure and direct ways to pursue local , state , foreign , international , and civil justice , as well as ways to make yet more evidence public , all at :
http://prosecutebushcheney.org
( Source )
He needs to start NOW , we know the RED deal in Alabama .
Earlier today the Census Bureau reported that both imports and exports continued to decline in January .
But February is looking even worse .
Last week China reported exports had collapsed in February .
And from the Journal of Commerce Online today : St. Petersburg TEU Traffic Plunges
The First Container Terminal in St. Petersburg , Russia ’s biggest box terminal , reported traffic in February plunged 27.3 percent from a year ago as imports collapsed .
The terminal handled 61,301 TEUs in February , taking volume for the first two months of the year to 124,608 TEUs , a drop of 24.7 percent on the same period in 2008 .
The decline “ is a direct result of the unfolding economic downturn which is affecting Russian importers in every possible way , ” said Egor Govorukhin , vice president sales and marketing at National Container Co. , the terminal ’s owner .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Contributing factors : Continued worldwide economic crisis contributing to a decline in trade volumes .
Consumer sales are down due to high unemployment rates .
15 less vessel calls this February due to this decline and the consolidation of services in order to fill up the existing services .
Chinese factories closed for an extended periods of time ( beyond the normal time period ) for Chinese New Year .
Due to the lack of volume and Chinese New Year , Maersk 6700 TEU / week vessel did not make any calls in LA during the month of February ( which is traditionally a low volume month ) .
Anticipate this year ’s volumes will continue to be below last year ’s volumes because sales are still slow with most economists predicting there will not be any recovery before the second half of the year .
Now we have data from the Port of Los Angeles for February ( usually I wait until Long Beach reports too and combine the two ports , but this collapse is stunning ) .
This graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the port of Los Angeles in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Inbound traffic was 35 % below last February and 35 % below last month .
The Port of Los Angeles put up a special message explaining the collapse :
We have to be careful because of the impact of the Chinese New Year on trade , but it does appear trade collapsed in February .
Government - guaranteed home mortgages , especially when a negligible down payment or no down payment whatever is required , inevitably mean more bad loans than otherwise .
They force the general taxpayer to subsidize the bad risks and to defray the losses .
They encourage people to “ buy ” houses that they cannot really afford .
They tend eventually to bring about an oversupply of houses as compared with other things .
They temporarily overstimulate building , raise the cost of building for everybody ( including the buyers of the homes with the guaranteed mortgages ) , and may mislead the building industry into an eventually costly overexpansion .
In brief , in they long run they do not increase overall national production but encourage malinvestment .
~ From Chapter VI "
Credit Diverts Production
" in Henry Hazlitt 's " Economics in One Lesson , " first published in 1946
I normally wake at 5 am , and have been doing so for some time .
In fact , if I did n’t wake early you probably would n’t be reading this right now as I simply would n’t have the time to write for this blog .
This past week , however , I have struggled to wake early and have been hitting the snooze button for the first time in a long time .
What ’s going on ?
One thing I have learned over the past year and a half is that waking early is not just about setting your alarm clock for a particular time and getting up .
For example , it is pointless to force yourself to wake early if it leaves you feeling like a zombie for the rest of the day .
If you are interested in waking earlier , the following are a few things I have learned that may be of help .
And hopefully we can work out why I have been bashing the snooze button so much … .
The Evening Before
Avoid caffeine / alcohol / sugar .
All these things can potentially affect your quality of sleep and make it incredibly hard to wake when your alarm goes off .
When it comes to something like sugar , for example , I indulge my sweet tooth during the day .
Then in the evening I avoid it because I know it makes me restless during the night .
Wind down .
Do n’t go to bed with your mind still active .
This is one reason I have been struggling to wake early the past week – I have gotten into the bad habit of shutting down the computer and heading straight to bed .
I need to get back into the habit of turning off the computer earlier and instead reading a fictional book followed by some meditation .
Visualize .
Just before falling asleep , visualize yourself waking at a particular time .
It ’s amazing how effectively this works .
Sleep
Get enough .
Different people need different amounts of sleep .
So the key is to experiment and be aware what amount works well for you .
I need at least 6 and a half to 7 hours .
When I sleep less than this ( such as I did a night or two last week ) , I always regret it because I am tired all the next day .
There is nothing productive about that .
Better quality .
I sleep less than I did 2 years ago , but I generally find it easier to wake up .
One major reason for this is my quality of sleep is much better ( although I am conveniently forgetting the first few months after our son was born ) .
Apart from avoiding the things I mentioned earlier , I usually wear a sleep mask to make things completely dark .
Kathryn has nicknamed me Zorro because of this , but it is worth it .
Waking Early
Have a purpose .
I usually find it relatively easy to wake at 5 am because I have a clear purpose of what I want to do in the morning .
Typically I will spend a few minutes the night before making a list of what I want to do .
Then in the morning I am able to quickly focus on these .
Find a morning routine you love .
Over the past 1 - 2 years my mornings have changed from waking up and rushing to get ready and out the door , to waking earlier and incorporating some activities / habits I enjoy into my mornings .
To get some ideas , I highly recommend my article 24 Daily Habits .
I obviously do n’t do everything in the preceding article each morning , but once you have some ideas to make your morning more enjoyable it is easy to incorporate at least one or two .
Be sneaky .
A very effective trick I do is to place my alarm on the other side of the room , effectively forcing me to get out of bed to turn it off .
Be disciplined .
Of course the above trick is no guarantee that I wo n’t go back and curl up in bed ( as I have done a few times over the past week ) .
I do n’t think my problem has been discipline so much as the other things I have discussed in this article .
But certainly waking earlier does require you to put “ mind over mattress ” .
Remember : “ the price of discipline is always less than the pain of regret ” .
Small steps .
It took me a number of months to go from waking at 7 am to 5 am .
The key was to take it slowly by chipping away at 15 minutes at a time .
Take small steps and be patient .
* * *
Now waking earlier may not be for everyone , but it has been a life changing habit for me .
What do you think ?
Photo by Ludosphère
Slumdog Millionaire has already won four Golden Globes and is nominated for 10 Oscars .
It is on its way to making hundreds of millions of dollars at the box office .
The film 's British director , Danny Boyle , has spoken of how he set up trust funds for Rubina and Azharuddin and paid for their education .
But it has emerged that the children , who played Latika and Salim in the early scenes of the film , were paid less than many Indian servants .
Rubina was paid $ 1060 for a year 's work while Azharuddin received $ 3600 .
Both were found places in a free " English medium " school , usually attended by relatively poor children , and receive $ 42 a month for books and food .
However , they continue to live in grinding poverty and their families say they have received no details of the trust funds .
This week , their parents said that they had hoped the film would be their ticket out of the slums , and that its success had made them realise how little their children had been paid .
Their payments were considerably worse than those received by the Afghan child stars of The Kite Runner , who embarrassed their Hollywood producers when they disclosed that they had been paid $ 19,000 .
Rubina and Azharuddin live a few hundreds metres from each other in a tangle of makeshift shacks alongside Mumbai 's railway tracks at Bandra .
Azharuddin is in fact worse off than he was during filming : his family 's illegal hut was demolished by the local authorities and he now sleeps under a sheet of plastic tarpaulin with his father , who suffers from tuberculosis .
" There is none of the money left .
It was all spent on medicines to help me fight TB , " Azharuddin 's father , Mohammed Ismail , said between fits of coughing .
" We feel that the kids have been left behind by the film .
He should have been taken care of .
We should have been taken care of .
He is a hero of the film .
He should have been taken to London .
They have told us there is a trust fund but we know nothing about it and have no guarantees , " he said .
Further down the tracks , an open sewer trickles past the hut that Rubina shares with her parents , older brother and sister .
Her father , Rafiq Ali Qureshi , a carpenter , broke his leg during filming and has been out of work since .
" I am very happy the movie is doing so well , but it is making so much money and so much fame and the money they paid us is nothing .
They should pay more , " he said .
" I have no regrets .
I just had no knowledge at the time of what she should have been paid . "
His daughter has been overwhelmed by the glamour of her experience and idolises Freida Pinto , who plays her character as an adult .
" I want to be a star like Freida .
I am going to ask Danny - uncle [ director Boyle ] to take me to London and be in more films .
I want to travel the world and wish I could still be with the Slumdog team , " she said .
The film 's producers were unavailable for comment .
Telegraph , London
Dollar Store Sex Toys
new !
3/11/09
Thank goodness for the dollar store .
You can find practically anything there – even sex toys !
Just take a look on the shelves and let your dirty mind do the rest .
Here are some ideas to get you started .
Water Snake Toy
[ Poor Man ’s Dildo ]
Well , what do you think it looks like ?
And the box even boasts about the impressive 7.5 ” length .
This is a fluid - filled rubber tube that ’s a little on the limp side for insertion , but could double as a jelly dildo in a pinch .
What you ca n’t see is that the tube also has a hole running through the center of it , so a guy could lube it up , insert his dick , and use it as a masturbator .
Hand Clapper Toy
[ Low - Rent S&M Paddle ]
This is a fun toy for a kinky couple .
Use it in place of a crop , flogger , or slapper to smack your partner ’s ass .
It will leave a hand - shaped imprint , make a loud sound , and it lights up too .
Stretchy Rubber Ring Toy
[ Cheap Cock Ring ]
Just like those super - stretchy cock rings that fit around the base of your dick and balls .
These ones are covered with tickly little tentacles .
We also found a stretchy , fluid - filled ring called the “ Squeeze Donut ” that could be put to similar use .
Mini Traffic Cone
[ Discount Extreme Fabulous Butt Plug ]
If you ever aspired to stick a traffic cone in your ass , here ’s your chance .
We found these with the office supplies .
These miniature soft vinyl cones are about 4 ” tall and about 3 ” across at the base , with a rounded tip that makes insertion easy .
Each traffic cone is imprinted with words of encouragement , like “ Excellent Work ! ” “ Perfect ! ” and “ Fabulous ! ” to keep you motivated to reach your goal .
Refrigerator Clip Magnets
[ No Frill Nipple Clamps ]
Why pay more for nipple clamps when these will do just fine ?
There should be a variety to choose from , so you can find a size and pressure that you ’re comfortable with .
Some stores also carry wooden clothespins .
The nice thing about the magnetic clips is that you can use the magnets to attach a little bit of weight , or you can stick your sub ’s tits to the fridge .
Rubber Stamps
[ Extra Value Everyday Wear Butt Plug ]
These knob - shaped stamps are just the right size and shape for an anal plug .
It might be a challenge to get the blunt knob to go in , but once it does , you can celebrate your “ Great Job ! ”
Get an inkpad and you can sit and stamp .
Hairbrush
[ Cheap and Discreet Penetrator ]
Many a woman first lost her virginity to a hairbrush handle .
Most plastic hairbrushes have handles that will work for this , and they ’re available in a variety of sizes , textures , and colors .
Fake Fruit
[ Discount Faux Phallic Produce ]
One of nature ’s perfect dildos – but now it wo n’t squish or get overripe .
This faux fruit is realistically sized , made of plastic covered styrofoam , and it makes part of an attractive display on your counter or coffee table .
In the same area , we found fake Indian corn cobs that were larger in diameter and covered with bumpy kernels , as well as some phallic - shaped plastic cacti with soft rubbery spines .
Scrub Brushes
[ G- Spot Stimulators ]
Those ridges on the rubberized thumb grip are placed just right for hitting the G - spot .
We also found some tire scrubbers in the auto section with curved handles that would be great for prostate massage .
Check the kitchen utensil section for more phallic handles that will help you whip up an orgasm .
Back to Homepage
Researchers believe " Predator X " could have fed on other big reptiles
A giant fossil sea monster found in the Arctic had a bite that would have been able to crush a 4x4 car , according to its discoverers .
Researchers say the marine reptile , which measured an impressive 15 m ( 50 ft ) long , had a bite force of about 16 tonnes ( 35,000lbs ) .
The creature 's partial skull was dug up last summer in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard by a Norwegian - led team .
Dubbed " Predator X " , it patrolled the oceans some 147 million years ago .
Its jaws may have been more powerful than those of a Tyrannosaurus rex , though estimates of the dinosaur 's bite vary substantially .
It is thought to belong to a new species of pliosaur - a group of large , short - necked reptiles that lived at the time of the dinosaurs .
But even by the standards of this group , the creature 's size has astonished scientists .
Its estimated length exceeds that of another large pliosaur , dubbed " The Monster " , which was uncovered in Svalbard a year earlier than this one .
Expedition leader Jorn Harald Hurum , from the University of Oslo's Natural History Museum , said " The Monster " would have been big enough to chomp on a small car .
He said the bite estimates for the latest fossil forced a re-think .
This one , he said , might have been able to " crush a Hummer " , referring to General Motors ' large 4x4 vehicle .
Researchers say the shape and proportional size of the brain resembles that of another " apex predator " : the great white shark .
The biggest marine reptile on record is a 21 m - long ichthyosaur , Shonisaurus sikanniensis , from Triassic Period rocks in British Columbia , Canada .
Apple ( AAPL ) shares hit $ 100 on Friday before settling down to $ 99.72 at the close .
The last time Apple hit $ 100 was Dec. 11 , 2008 .
Since Jan. 20 , when Apple and the S&P bottomed , Apple shares are up 28 % .
The S&P , meanwhile , is up just 8 % .
This despite :
In early January , Apple CEO Steve Jobs said he had a relatively minor health problem .
A week later , he said it was more serious than he thought the week before , and would be taking six months off .
Bloomberg reported that he was mulling a liver transplant .
The Macworld Expo was a snoozefest , offering little excitement for Apple 's next few months .
Palm announced the Pre , what 's arguably the best competitor yet for Apple 's iPhone -- which itself did n't sell as well as anticipated over the holidays .
So why the rally ?
Despite some short - term setbacks , we think it 's a sign that investors believe Apple is one of the strongest technology companies in the world , with a good chance to keep outgrowing its rivals -- as it's done the last several years .
Apples growth is certainly slowing -- the iPod and Mac are not the growth drivers they were a year ago .
And the iPhone is getting more serious competition .
But we think investors have some good things to look forward to .
Last quarter 's results are one piece of evidence .
Rumors that Apple will start selling portable tablet devices later this year suggest that Apple will be able to better compete against the cheap , relatively crappy " netbook " computers that PC makers like Acer and Asus are selling like hotcakes .
The supposed iPhone product roadmap could open the device to a broader audience .
And a new iMac and Mac mini could give desktop Mac sales a much - needed lift .
There 's still a lot of questions about consumer spending , the economy , unemployment , patents , and executives that could affect Apple .
If Steve Jobs does n't come back in June , that would be bad for Apple long - term .
( And could easily jolt Apple 's stock . )
But overall , we think Apple 's recent rally makes sense -- and would n't be surprised to see it continue .
See Also :
Apple 's iPhone Roadmap : 3 New Phones
This Year ?
Palm Hires Yet Another Apple Vet
New iPhones Could Run Multiple Apps At Once
USA '08 It 's 5 am on election day .
I awake late from a short , fitful nap .
I decided I would need all the symbols of authority I could muster , so I put on my best suit , a heavily starched white shirt , an Armani tie and , spoiling the whole look , running shoes .
Another PEO , an eccentric sculptor , gave me a decorative badge he fashioned from military ribbons and regalia .
It represents our state flag with a hawk against a field of red , white and blue .
I pin it to my lapel and dash to the precinct .
At my last dispatch , at dawn on November 4 , an unprecedented 55 per cent of our county had voted early .
The election is already more than half over .
Election Day rules are now in effect and everything is done on paper , the same way it has been done for decades .
Everything is in place .
I arrive at 6 am - missing the 5:30 am opening rituals - and there is already one man waiting for the polls to open at 7 .
We are in a gymnasium , on a basketball court .
Our tables are lined up along one wall , the voting booths along another .
My desk is in a far corner .
The ballot box ( an optical scanner ) is at one end of the room under a basketball hoop , a table with four poll watchers is under the other hoop .
They are poring over computer printouts and highlighting something with yellow markers .
The big game is about to start .
I finally managed to cast my own vote : the M100 Optical Scanner beeps and my vote is recorded .
But by 9 am , it is obvious that for many voters it is not going to be so easy .
Keeping the wheels turning
I need to explain some background .
Iowa has a history of close and contentious elections , so they permit poll - watchers to observe election officials , to prevent fraud by conducting elections in a completely open environment .
Poll watchers from either party can challenge any voter that they feel has been fraudulently granted a ballot .
But partisan politicians have abused that system for their own ends .
In 2004 , Iowa was closely divided and the GOP mounted a massive campaign to suppress the vote in heavily Democratic counties .
Voters were purged from the registration rolls en masse and turned away from the polls .
This is known as " voter caging " .
Partisan poll - watchers challenged voters ' registrations on election day , forcing them to vote on a provisional ballot , then go to the auditor 's office to fight for their ballot to be counted .
Dozens of frivolous challenges clogged the system and slowed voting , causing voters to give up and go home without voting .
But in 2004 , Democrats took over the state legislature and changed the voting laws to thwart these tactics .
Purged voters can now re-register instantly on election day , and PEOs like me were granted new power to deny frivolous challenges .
If the poll watchers try their old tactics like claims that next 20 voters in line are under 18 , they can be ejected from the precinct by the police .
They have been neutralized , but we PEOs must now watch the watchers , and enforce the law .
But election day rules may be a double - edged sword .
The system may become clogged with newly - registered voters , especially in high - turnover student housing areas ( like my precinct ) .
Anyone can register if they show a photo ID and proof of residence .
If their driver 's license does not bear their current address , they can present a document like a utility bill or paycheck stub with their name and address .
These election day registrations ( EDRs ) take a lot of time to process .
Nobody knows how many EDRs will show up .
I have volunteered to man the special circumstances desk , the " hot seat " , where all these problems will land .
Voters start arriving at 7 am and most are processed with no problems .
Some show voter registration cards , but they are not in the blue book .
They have registered well in advance and received their proof of registration card from the auditor 's office , but inexplicably they are no longer registered .
I have to process dozens of them as EDRs .
I am so crushed with work I cannot investigate what caused the problems , but I can re-register them on the spot if they have proper ID .
I suspect that I am in the center of a massive voter purge ; the Republicans have sprung their trap and I have to fight to restore the voting rights of innocent citizens who were deviously struck from the registration list .
A line is forming at my desk .
Oh no .
I steal glances at the poll watchers sitting on the other side of the room , I see them smirking and giggling at what is happening .
" It 's a sign that the Camorra has changed not only its code of honour , which once forbade the killing of women and children ; it has also changed its internal rules , " said the Corriere della Sera newspaper .
By offering a wistful and introspective closing argument to the American people who elected him twice but then lost confidence in him , retiring President George W. Bush is attempting to write the first draft of his own history .
First came a sober public confession of mistakes and disappointments in his final news conference Monday -- a remarkably personal moment for a president never prone to self - examination or questioning under the klieg lights .
He also offered a robust defense of his administration , including its response to Hurricane Katrina , and a defiant insistence that he waged a necessary war in Iraq and should not be judged too quickly for it .
On Thursday he is to make a prime - time address from the White House , which Bush ’s spokeswoman said was planned to “ reflect on his time in office and the ways our country has changed these past eight years . ”
But that televised farewell from the East Room is unlikely to echo the list of mistakes Bush acknowledged to reporters in the West Wing on Monday : prematurely declaring “ mission accomplished ” in Iraq ; failing to find the weapons of mass destruction cited as the reason for the Iraq war ; the abuse of Iraqi prisoners ; and his own campaigning for Social Security reform after reelection instead of trying to change immigration policy .
Advertisement
And he expressed regret for talking , sometimes , like a cowboy -- “ mission accomplished ” being a prime example .
Bush seemed to make peace with fate .
“ I believe this -- the phrase ‘ burdens of the office ’ is overstated , ” Bush said .
“ You know , it ’s kind of like , ‘ Why me ? . . .
Why did the financial collapse have to happen on my watch ? ’
It ’s just . . . it ’s pathetic , is n’t it , self pity . ”
He alluded to the dire advice he received from his economic advisors and to some of his friends ’ objections to his solutions :
Advertisement
“ I chunked aside some of my free market principles when I was told . . . that the situation we were facing could be worse than the Great Depression . ”
Bush said that he ’s told those friends :
“ Well , if you were sitting there and heard that the depression could be greater than the Great Depression , I hope you would act too . ”
Bush argued that a fair view of his administration would emerge only over time .
“ There is no such thing as short - term history , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think you can possibly get the full breadth of an administration till time has passed . ”
Advertisement
Current views of the president , in fact , remain harsh .
For more than 2 1/ 2 years , more Americans have disapproved of his job performance than approved of it , according to the Gallup Poll .
The news conference capped a string of interviews in which Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney defended the administration ’s record -- part of an orchestrated effort in an outgoing president ’s final days to salvage his battered legacy .
The White House website features several documents enumerating the administration ’s accomplishments , such as preventing additional terrorist attacks , advancing missile defense and fighting AIDS in Africa .
Bush “ just thinks he ’s getting a bad rap , and he ’s also determined to put his side of the story on the record , ” said Bruce Buchanan , a University of Texas government professor who has followed Bush since his early days in politics .
“ He is a guy who prizes being liked , even though he would never admit it . ”
Advertisement
Buchanan and Princeton University presidential scholar Fred Greenstein suggested that Bush ’s unusual remarks might have been inspired by the poll numbers and policy failures the retiring president faces .
“ The remarks today were not characteristic of what we have seen of Bush over the past eight years , ” Greenstein said .
“ There was no swagger .
. . .
There was a more reflective , more chastened feeling to it . ”
Buchanan said he could think of no other president who granted so many interviews and sought so much television time in his waning days .
“ His group has clearly concluded that things are so bad , they have to respond , ” he said .
Advertisement
But despite Bush ’s sinking public approval ratings -- less than 30 % in the most recent Gallup Poll , down from a high of 90 % after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 -- he said he never felt isolated in office .
“ In times of war , people get emotional .
I understand that , ” Bush said , insisting he “ never really , you know , spent that much time , frankly , worrying about the loud voices . ”
In retrospect , he said , some of his choices were wrong .
“ History will look back and determine that which could have been done better , ” said Bush , volunteering his own review :
Advertisement
“ Clearly , putting a ‘ mission accomplished ’ on [ an ] aircraft carrier was a mistake , ” he said , referring to the banner strung across the Abraham Lincoln aircraft carrier , where he landed several weeks after the invasion of Iraq to declare that major combat operations were finished .
“ Obviously , some of my rhetoric has been a mistake , ” said the president , who has said previously that he regrets calling for Osama bin Laden to be captured “ dead or alive ” and taunting the nation ’s enemies to “ bring them on . ”
“ I ’ve thought long and hard about Katrina , ” Bush said of the hurricane that hit the Gulf Coast in the summer of 2005 .
“ You know , could I have done something differently , like land Air Force One either in New Orleans or Baton Rouge ? ”
Soon after the hurricane , Bush flew over the area in Air Force One but did not stop .
A photo of the president looking out the window at the devastation below contributed to a sense that he was detached from it .
Advertisement
But Bush disputed the widespread contention that his government was slow to respond .
“ Do n’t tell me the federal response was slow when there were 30,000 people pulled off the roofs right after the storm passed , ” he said .
In addition , Bush said , he should have pushed for immigration reform soon after his 2004 reelection , not for changes in Social Security .
Congress , he said , was not convinced that a Social Security crisis was imminent and was reluctant to act .
On world affairs , Bush acknowledged that the abuse of Iraqi prisoners by the American military “ obviously was a huge disappointment . ”
So was the failure of prewar intelligence indicating that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction , he said .
Advertisement
Yet Bush maintained that the United States has not forfeited its standing in the world .
“ I strongly disagree with the assessment that our moral standing has been damaged , ” he said .
Scott McClellan , Bush ’s former press secretary who published a critical tell - all book last year , said the president and his aides were simply convinced of their righteous place in history .
“ He is clinging to one last hope that history will vindicate him , that Iraq will turn out to be a thriving democracy , ” McClellan said in an interview Monday .
“ It ’s putting a lot of hopes in one basket , and he ’s convinced himself rightly or wrongly that it will . ”
McClellan said he was struck by the president ’s failure to concede any substantive mistakes -- saying that Bush ’s only contrition was reserved for tactics and communication errors .
Advertisement
“ The one thing missing was candor , ” McClellan said .
“ Until he acknowledges a single policy mistake , I think it ’s going to be hard for him to get people to tune in and pay attention to some of the notable policy achievements . ”
Bush will elaborate on what he sees as his administration ’s accomplishments in his Thursday address , which is scheduled for 5 p.m. PST .
“ This is not going to be a swan song , ” White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said .
“ He will not be looking to refight old battles . ”
As he prepares to leave office , Bush offered his own reaction to the election of Barack Obama as the nation ’s first African American president .
“ Look , I was affected by the TV after the elections -- when I saw people saying , ‘ I never thought I would see the day that a black person would be elected president , ’ ” Bush said .
“ I consider myself fortunate to have a front - row seat on what is going to be an historic moment for the country . ”
Advertisement
Yet he also warned his successor : “ There is an enemy that still is out there .
I ’m telling you , there ’s an enemy that would like to attack America , Americans , again . ”
Bush ’s public standing today leaves him little room for a political presence .
He plans to retire to his ranch near Crawford , Texas , and to his new home in Dallas .
The George W. Bush Presidential Library is to be at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
“ When I get out of here , I ’m getting off the stage , ” Bush said .
At the same time , the athletic 62 - year - old who quit drinking after his 40th birthday and embraced jogging and later mountain - biking , suggested his “ type - A personality ” will prevent him from disappearing altogether .
Advertisement
“ I just ca n’t envision myself , you know , the big straw hat and Hawaiian shirt sitting on some beach , ” said Bush , pausing and adding with an audible aside : “ Particularly since I quit drinking . ”
Suggesting that he had never been able to escape the presidency -- not when on vacation at his ranch and not when mountain biking -- Bush made this prediction about retirement :
“ I wake up in Crawford on . . .
Wednesday morning , and I suspect I ’ll make Laura coffee . ”
--
Advertisement
mdsilva@tribune.com
Peter Wallsten and Tom Hamburger of the Washington Bureau contributed to this report .
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil ( CNN ) -- Former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called Wednesday for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs , a Spanish news agency said .
People march in support of legalized marijuana in late January in Belem , northern Brazil .
Ex-presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil made their announcement at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , the EFE news agency said .
" The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented .
The 17 - member panel worked on the report for a year and will forward it to all Latin American governments as well as the United States and the European Union , EFE said .
Gaviria said the time is right to start a debate on the subject , particularly with the pragmatic openings provided by the election of President Barack Obama in the United States .
" In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes .
And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " EFE quotes Gaviria as saying .
Decriminalization should be accompanied by treatment for addicts and public service campaigns on abuse prevention , the commission said .
" If you do n't help those who are dependent , you are half way there because they are going to commit crime to get money and pay for the drug , " Gaviria said .
Cardoso said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because " you have to start somewhere " and it would have been unrealistic to ask the same for all drugs , EFE said .
Marijuana was chosen because it is grown in all countries in the region and because it is " less harmful . "
The decades - old criminalization of personal consumption has failed to stop the plant 's cultivation and distribution , the group said .
The commission urged that all current criminal prosecution be aimed at drug cartels and organized crime and not marijuana smokers , EFE said .
Zedillo did not attend the news conference but worked on the report , Cardoso said .
Wednesday 's recommendation was the second time in less than a week that a Latin American government official called for decriminalization .
A mayor in Peru suggested Friday that the federal government legalize illicit drugs and administer them through the national health ministry .
Gusto Sierra , the mayor of the Surquillo district in Lima , said a federal drug law is hypocritical because it allows maximum legally allowed quantities for some drugs and plants but does n't say where to acquire them , the Peru 21 newspaper reported in a front - page story headlined " Say yes to drugs ? "
Sierra said he will take the matter up with the nation 's executive branch .
Zedillo served as president of Mexico from 1994 - 2000 .
Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990 - 94 .
And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995 - 2002 .
All About Marijuana • Politics • Health Care Issues • Brazil
A Private Members '
Bill on the reforms has been put forward Gordon Brown and Buckingham Palace have discussed plans to change the rules of succession to the throne , including giving royal women equal rights .
Downing Street said the scrapping of the ban on heirs to the throne marrying Roman Catholics was also discussed .
Mr Brown said people expected discrimination to be removed and Tory leader David Cameron backed the reform .
Meanwhile a BBC poll suggests public support for reform , with 80 % wanting equal succession rights for women .
A Private Members '
Bill aimed at ending the discrimination was killed off by the government on Friday , following a Commons debate .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw told MPs he was not ready to indicate a " precise timetable " for legislation to bring about change , but their " pressure " had made the issue a " higher priority for government than it has been " .
' Spin ' claim
He promised to ensure " soundings " were taken of the Commonwealth countries and to report the outcome of the debate to the prime minister .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Lib Dem MP
Evan Harris , who put forward the bill , accused Mr Straw of dealing a " serious blow " to the prospects of reform and said Mr Brown 's apparent backing for change was just " spin " .
Speaking after the debate , Mr Harris said : " Jack Straw was asked three times to provide either a timetable , a commitment to a Government Bill before the next election or any other tangible step towards this necessary and popular reform but said he could n't provide any .
" The Liberal Democrats , with cross-party backbench allies , will seek every opportunity to keep this on the agenda . "
Male precedence Mr Harris 's Royal Marriages and Succession to the Crown Bill would have ended the centuries - old ban on Catholics marrying the monarch and the rule of primogeniture , under which a woman in the line of succession is automatically superseded by a younger male sibling .
BBC POLL : THE PUBLIC SPEAKS Equal rights for royal women ?
- 89 % yes Heir allowed to marry Catholic ?
- 81 % yes British monarchy to continue ?
- 76 % yes 1,000 people polled by ICM Research , 20 - 22 March 2009
Why the monarchy discriminates Can we modernise tradition ?
Splitting heirs to the throne
Send us your comments Speaking earlier during his visit to Brazil the prime minister appeared to give his backing to changes .
He said : " There are clearly issues about the exclusion of people from the rights of succession and there are clearly issues that have got to be dealt with .
This is not an easy set of answers .
" But I think in the 21st Century people do expect discrimination to be removed and they do expect us to be looking at all these issues . "
David Cameron , giving his reaction to the debate , said : " The Queen is not just our Queen .
She is the Queen of all the Commonwealth countries that have her as their head of state so this is not an easy change to make . "
The rules of succession are laid down in the 1701 Act of Settlement .
It states heirs to the throne lose their right to be the sovereign if they marry a Catholic or convert .
In addition , male heirs are given precedence .
HISTORICAL BASIS
The 1701 Act of Settlement was designed to secure the Protestant succession to the throne
The rules of primogeniture , Latin for first born , mean men come first and date back to feudal times
Defending the faith , or prejudice ?
MP attacks ' PC '
Church leadership
If the Act was changed to give royal daughters equal rights , Princess Anne would become fourth in line , behind Prince Harry .
Currently she comes after the Duke of York and the Earl of Wessex , and their children .
As things stand , Prince William cannot marry a Roman Catholic and become king .
And if he has a daughter she cannot be queen if she has a younger brother .
Prince Michael of Kent , the Queen 's first cousin , is among a small number of royals who have renounced their place in the line of succession by marrying a Catholic .
Autumn Kelly , the Canadian wife of the Queen 's grandson Peter Phillips , gave up her Catholic faith ahead of their 2008 wedding so her husband could retain his right to the throne .
The BBC 's royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell said Prince Charles and his officials were quietly thinking about the changes that should be made to the monarchy when he finally succeeds to the throne .
READ THE FULL BILL
Royal Marriages and Succession Bill [ 80KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
He added that allowing heirs to the throne to marry Catholics " opened a can of ecclesiastical worms " for the Church of England , the official church of which the monarch is the Supreme Governor .
Reform would need the backing of the 15 other Commonwealth countries which have the British monarch as head of state .
There is a major Commonwealth summit in November .
Downing Street has , meanwhile , said dialogue with Buckingham Palace was ongoing .
The BBC poll , conducted by ICM Research , suggests four out of five people want to give women equal rights of succession and remove the ban on the heir marrying a Roman Catholic .
Some 89 % of the 1,000 people questioned believed male and female heirs should have equal rights to succeed to the throne .
Some 81 % believed that an heir to the throne should be allowed to marry a Roman Catholic and still become monarch .
According to the poll , 76 % said the monarchy should continue after the Queen , against 18 % who said they would favour Britain becoming a republic .
An additional 6 % said they did not know .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's Note
Originally published in April 2004 , coinciding with the release of the 9/11 commission Report , we bring to the attentiopn of Global Research readers this incisive text by Christopher Bollyn
A transparent and thorough investigation of suspicious trades before Sept. 11 could expose the masterminds behind the attacks by revealing who knew and profited from advance knowledge — if only the government wanted to .
Manipulators with inside information made huge profits on sophisticated trades as the stocks of the airline and insurance companies plummeted in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 disaster .
The inside information was so precise that experts have concluded that it could have only come from those who masterminded the terror attacks .
This money trail is the closest investigators have come to “ a smoking gun ” and could lead directly to those who planned the attacks .
But with the notable exception of Rep. Cynthia McKinney ( D. - Ga. ) , Congress has yet to demand a thorough and open investigation .
In the days following the terror attacks , suspicious and unusual stock trading activity indicated that people used inside information to make huge profits .
The money made from the trades done with apparent inside information has been estimated at up to $ 15 billion worldwide .
The Institute for Counter Terrorism ( ICT ) , located in Herzliya , Israel , published an article , “ Black Tuesday : World ’s Largest Insider Trading Scam ? ” on Sept. 19 , 2001 .
Author Don Radlauer , an expert in stock options and derivatives , provided details of the types and volumes of the suspicious trades and said : “ Obviously , anyone who had detailed knowledge of the attacks before they happened was , at the very least , an accessory to their planning ; and the overwhelming probability is that the trades could have been made only by the same people who masterminded the attacks themselves . ”
Radlauer pointed to the timing , specificity , size and unusual nature as indicative that the trades had been done with inside information .
Tracing the transactions to their real source , Radlauer said , would be difficult because “ the trading is sure to have been done under false names , behind shell corporations , and in general to have been thoroughly obfuscated . ”
Radlauer concluded : “ This does n’t mean that unraveling the threads of these transactions will be impossible , but it probably wo n’t be quick or easy . ”
The American exchanges that handle options and derivatives trades , primarily the Chicago Board of Options Exchange ( CBOE ) and the NYSE , know on a daily basis what levels of put options are purchased .
“ Put options ” are highly leveraged bets that a given stock ’s share price will fall .
Conspicuous spikes
Among the most conspicuous spikes in trading activity were the huge increases in “ put options ” placed on the two airlines involved in the hijackings of Sept. 11 , United Airlines ( UAL ) and American Airlines .
There was a 9,000 percent jump in United Air Lines ( UAL ) put options between Sept. 6 and Sept. 10 , with a huge spike 285 times higher than average on the Thursday before the attack .
American Airlines saw a 6,000 percent jump in put options above normal the day before the attacks .
However , there was no similar trading activity on any other airlines , according to market reports .
The brokerage houses that had offices in the WTC , Morgan Stanley and Merrill - Lynch , saw 27 - fold and 12 - fold increases in the purchases of put options on their respective shares between Sept. 7 and Sept. 10 .
“ The afternoon before the attack , alarm bells were sounding over unusual trading in the U.S. stock options market , ” the CBS program 60 Minutes reported on Sept. 19 .
As investigator Michael C. Ruppert of From the Wilderness , an Internet news site , says : “ These trades were certainly noticed after the attacks . ”
There was also an unusually high volume of five - year U.S.
Treasury note purchases prior to the attacks , including one $ 5 billion trade , The Wall Street Journal reported Oct.
2 . “ Five - year Treasury notes are among the best investments in the event of a world crisis , especially one that hits the U.S. , ” the report said .
“ This could very well be insider trading at the worst , most horrific , most evil use you ’ve ever seen in your entire life . . . this would be one of the most extraordinary coincidences in the history of mankind if it was a coincidence , ” Dylan Ratigan of Bloomberg Business News said Sept. 20 .
No U.S. or foreign agency has announced arrests or developments in the investigation of these trades , the most telling evidence of foreknowledge , Ruppert wrote April 22 .
The former chief of enforcement at the Securities and Exchange Commission , William Mc Lucas , said regulators would “ certainly be able to track down every trade , where the trade cleared , where the trade was directed from . ”
Experts from the Convar Company in Pirmasens , Germany , are using their “ blue laser scanning ” technology to retrieve data from the damaged computers of banks , telecommunication companies , and other tenants from the WTC .
This technology can even retrieve the original data from hard discs that have been deleted and written over five times .
Peter Henschel , director of Convar , said : “ not only the volume , but the size of the transactions was far higher than usual for a day like that . ”
Henschel told AFP that “ up to the last moment , ” between the time that the first tower was hit until the second tower collapsed , there was an “ unusual ” increase in trading volume of “ between 5 and 10 times the normal volume . ”
' The Show Must Go Online ' : Sheboygan nonprofits are persevering
Sheboygan nonprofits have gotten creative , gone online , revamped programs and renovated during the pandemic in the hope of coming out stronger .
Eric and The Gazebo
From : chu@acsu.buffalo.edu ( John C. Chu )
Subject : Re : The Gazebo ?
Newsgroups : rec.games.frp.misc
[ Note : The following is typed in verbatim from the Mensa Bulletin , June 1989 p. 15 .
This was from the Special Interest Groups column .
They were reprinting articles from various SIG news letters .
This one was from the Role - Playing Games SIG . ]
Eric and the Gazebo
ROLE - PLAYING GAMES SIG
by Richard Aronson
Let us cast our minds back to the early days of fantasy role - playing ...
In the early ' 70s , Ed Whitechurch ran " his game , " and one of the participants was Eric Sorenson , a veritable giant of a man .
This story is essentially true : I knew both Ed and Eric , and neither denies it ( although Eric , for reasons that will become apparent , never repeats it ) .
The gist of it is that Eric ... well , you need a bit more about Eric .
Eric comes quite close to being a computer .
When he games , he methodically considers each possibility before choosing his preferred option .
If given time , he will invariably pick the optimum solution .
It has been known to take weeks .
He is otherwise in all respects a superior gamer , and I 've spent many happy hours competing with and against him , as long as he is given enough time .
So ... Eric was playing a neutral paladin ( Why should only lawful , good religions get to have holy warriors ? was the rationale ) in Ed 's game .
He even had a holy sword , which fought well and did all those things holy swords are supposed to do , including good or evil ( by random die roll ) .
He was on some lord 's lands when the following exchange occurred :
ED : You see a well - groomed garden .
In the middle , on a small hill , you see a gazebo .
ERIC : A gazebo ?
What color is it ?
ED : ( Pause )
It 's white , Eric .
ERIC : How far away is it ?
ED : About 50 yards .
ERIC : How big is it ?
ED : ( Pause )
It 's about 30 feet across , 15 feet high , with a pointed top .
ERIC : I use my sword to detect whether it 's good .
ED : It 's not good , Eric .
It 's a gazebo !
ERIC : ( Pause ) I call out to it .
ED : It wo n't answer .
It 's a gazebo !
ERIC : ( Pause ) I sheathe my sword and draw my bow and arrows .
Does it respond in any way ?
ED : No , Eric .
It 's a gazebo !
ERIC : I shoot it with my bow ( rolls to hit ) .
What happened ?
ED : There is now a gazebo with an arrow sticking out of it .
ERIC : ( Pause )
Was n't it wounded ?
ED : Of course not , Eric !
It 's a gazebo !
ERIC : ( Whimper )
But that was a plus - three arrow !
ED : It 's a gazebo , Eric , a gazebo !
If you really want to try to destroy it , you could try to chop it wih an axe , I suppose , or you could try to burn it , but I do n't know why anybody would even try .
It 's a @# % $ *& gazebo !
ERIC : ( Long pause - he has no axe or fire spells ) I run away .
ED : ( Thoroughly frustrated )
It 's too late .
You 've awakened the gazebo , and it catches you and eats you .
ERIC : ( Reaching for his dice )
Maybe I 'll roll up a fire - using mage so I can avenge my paladin ...
At this point , the increasingly amused fellow party members restored a modicum of order by explaining what a gazebo is .
This is solely an afterthought , of course , but Eric is doubly lucky that the gazebo was not situated on a grassy knoll .
[ Reprinted from the SIG 's fall ' 87 Spellbook # 13 , edited by Corey and Lori Cole , via Mensanity , Lewis Wasserman , ed .
Send your compliments to the author along with your subscription to the SIG newsletter ( $ 8 ) in care of L Mary H. Kelly , 4030 Valley View Lane # 233 , Farmers Branch , X 75244 . ]
On to the next jokeThe Top Ten of AD&D
Back to the Main page
Back to the Jokes
More videos
» Barack Obama as Barack Obama on " Saturday Night Live "
» YouTube " Whatever I like " spoof video
A mask similar to one President Barack Obama himself wore in a " Saturday Night Live " skit prompted a Portland school principal to ban a boy from performing while wearing it at his elementary school talent show after deciding the rubber likeness of the 44th president was " inappropriate and potentially offensive . "
Dru Lechert - Kelly , 11 , a fifth - grader at Llewellyn Elementary School in Southeast Portland , decided to dress up like his role model and dance to a popular YouTube song that features an Obama look - alike dancing to a parody called " I Can Do Whatever I Like . "
Dru performed the skit in front of teachers and students during a rehearsal for Llewellyn's annual talent show Thursday .
He wore a navy blue suit , white shirt , red tie , black shoes and an Obama mask purchased at a costume shop .
The choreographed routine ended with Dru on the floor in the splits .
" He practiced for weeks , " said Scott Lechert , 50 , an instructional designer , who along with his partner , Paul Kelly , 55 , a physical therapist , adopted Dru from a Romanian orphanage in 1999 at age 1 1/2 .
Both dads helped Dru design his stage props -- a desk with a large presidential seal stuck to the front with duct tape .
And both coached their son to " have lots of bop " and " use your shoulders " during his routine .
After Thursday 's performance , the " crowd went wild , " Dru said .
But so did some of the adults in the audience .
" I talked to the parents who are coordinating the talent show , and they feel it's inappropriate and potentially offensive , " Llewellyn Principal Steve Powell said .
When asked what was offensive about Dru's skit , Powell refused to discuss it .
" I wo n't say why it 's inappropriate , " he said .
" I 'm not saying anything to The Oregonian .
Why ?
Because I do n't want to . "
Powell said he had n't seen Dru's performance but has watched the parody on YouTube .
Lechert had to break it to his son :
One of the talent show organizers had called to say that Dru could perform his skit but that he would n't be allowed to wear the mask .
On Friday , Dru decided not to perform at all -- opting instead to attend a roller - skating party .
The reasons , according to Dru :
The skit does n't make sense without the mask , and he 's a little too shy to do it without the mask .
" If I do n't have the mask , " Dru said Friday , " it 's just some kid up there dancing around . "
As for Dru 's parents , they find the whole thing confusing as well .
" I understand the history of black face and how African Americans were caricatured by it , " Lechert said .
" However , we now have a popular biracial president who is admired by white and nonwhite people .
At what point will it become OK for an 11 - year - old admirer to dress up as the president without fear of offending someone ? "
Kelly said that as a gay couple , he and Lechert consider themselves particularly sensitive to issues of minority groups .
" We are white , but we 're a minority class , " he said .
" We have some insight into this process of what is and what is n't offensive .
There was obviously no intent to harm here -- or really any possibility of offending anyone . "
As for Dru , he 's disappointed -- he 's been practicing for weeks .
But what bothers him most is that anyone would think he'd do anything that might offend his hero : Barack Obama .
When asked what he liked most about the new president , Dru said , " He said he would try to change the world and make the economy better . "
Lechert pushed his son to tell the whole truth .
" Well , also because somebody told me he has a Wii all hooked up to a huge flatscreen in the White House .
That 's cool . "
-- Michelle Roberts ; michelleroberts@news.oregonian.com
Sometimes it 's technical limitations .
Sometimes it's a lack of appreciation of the colour and tone of a piece .
Sometimes developers just do n't seem to interpret the art as the designer intended at all .
So read on and weep at what might have been , as we take you through some of the biggest artistic disappointments of recent years .
So much design talent , so little in - game evidence ...
The vision
The reality
The vision
The reality
The reality
Lawyers for two young men in South Carolina say their clients were arrested by Richland County police and charged with marijuana possession — but that the cops only seemed interested in asking them about Michael Phelps .
Advertisement
Attorneys Joseph McCulloch and Dick Harpootlian seemed to confirm yesterday 's report that Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott was targeting people connected to the infamous bong that was briefly held by the Olympics ' greatest champion .
But it also seems that he's not doing it just to punish these no - good punks — he 's actually trying to build a case against Phelps himself .
Michael Phelps : Narc ?
The lamest party in South Carolina history continues to claim victims , months after the last ping …
Read more
Advertisement
The two clients in question were renters at the house where the party took place , but were not actually at the party ( what a drag ! ) and do n't even live there anymore .
Police issued a search warrant on their new home and then accused them of having marijuana there .
( That 's some great police work , boys . )
" After they arrested him , they did n't ask him , ' Where did you get the marijuana ? ' or ' Who sold it to you ? '
Almost all the questions they asked him were about Michael Phelps , " Harpootlian said .
So far , however , it looks like no one is singing ....
McCulloch , who said his client was out of town at the time , doubted that anything they told police would assist them in the case against Phelps .
" Our clients answered questions but I do n't know that their information would be helpful to law enforcement , " McCulloch said .
" It seems to me that Richland County has a host of its own crime problems much more serious than a kid featured in a photograph with a bong in his hand . "
Advertisement
Actually , they do !
According to the Sheriff 's Department website there are 22 unsolved murders since 1996 ( the year Sheriff Lott was elected ) along with many other " undesirables " that appear to be on the loose .
I do n't see Michael Phelps ' picture on the Most Wanted List , but maybe they just want to make him feel comfortable .
You know , see if he tries to re-enter his life in South Carolina .
That 's when they make their move ....
Attorneys say arrests made in Michael Phelps party case [ USA Today ]
A Bigger A - Hole than A - Rod* [ Fenway West ]
Holiday Parade ( band at the party ) interview [ Idobi Radio ]
Ever heard this story ?
A man is walking along a beach where thousands of starfish have been washed onto the sand .
He sees another man , scooping and bending , then hurling something out to sea again and again .
When he catches up , he sees that the man is throwing marooned starfish into the water .
“ There are too many to save , ” said the first man .
“ What you ’re doing is meaningless . ”
The second man flings another starfish into the water , looks at the first man , and smiles .
“ It certainly meant a great deal to that one . ”
If that seems entirely too New Age and hippie - dippie to you , maybe you ’ll like this story better :
Two guys are hiking and they see a grizzly bear , who starts to chase them .
The first guy starts running .
“ What are you doing ? ” shouts the second guy .
“ You ca n’t outrun a grizzly . ” “ I do n’t have to outrun the grizzly , ” the first guy yells over his shoulder .
“ I just have to outrun you . ”
It amuses me that these are essentially the same story .
Despite our earnest do - gooder yearnings , sometimes not everyone makes it .
That ’s not a reason to give up .
If you want to save the world , paralysis and inaction are completely unhelpful .
You ’ve got to just start somewhere .
And you might as well start with yourself .
Survivor guilt
So many are having a brutally tough time finding a job , or they ’re consumed by anxiety about keeping the job they have .
I have many friends in those ranks .
A few have more work than they can handle .
They ’d be pretty relaxed except they have an awful lot to do .
But they ’re smiling .
I have friends in those ranks , too .
One of the most pernicious barriers to success is avoiding moving from the first group to the second , because you feel bad for for surviving , or even thriving .
You feel bad for the guy closer to the bear .
The answer , however , is not to lie down and let the bear maul you too .
No one benefits if you fail
The bear does n’t even actually want to eat you .
It just feels that way , with his hot breath at the back of your neck and the graze of his claws against your shoulder blade .
You may run a business , or be employed in one .
You may be trying to put your dreams into action and start a business .
You may be among the ranks of the newly unemployed , trying to figure out how you ’re going to stay afloat .
You may feel a lot like a stranded starfish , with no compassionate philosopher to fling you back into the comfortable sea .
Please know that no one benefits if you fail .
You collect no karma points by standing idly by while the economic meltdown engulfs you .
You have to get strong before you can help anyone else .
We all feel like sitting down and giving up sometimes .
Then we stand up again and keep working .
It ’s what human beings do .
It ’s how we ’ve come this far .
You have every right to survive .
You have every right to rescue yourself .
Teach yourself .
If you ca n’t afford the expensive guru classes , create your own class using the amazing amount of free information we have now .
Write your own success map .
( You can start with one of these , if you like .
They ’re free , and honest - to - goodness , I wo n’t spam you or sell your email address to a Romanian meth lab . )
Keep going
Your success is going to be a lumpy , funny - looking little thing at first .
Keep at it .
Your first eBook , your first consulting client , your first blog posts , your first podcast might not be thrilling successes .
What other people call failures , you ’ll learn to call fascinating experiments .
Learn from everything you do .
Keep doing projects that are a little bigger .
Keep figuring things out .
Quit talking to people who tell you it ’s a pipe dream , or too risky .
Or that it ’s pointless , the starfish are too many and there ’s only one of you .
Right now , you ca n’t afford the luxury of pessimism and whining .
Learn to fling yourself back into the sea .
People who can help
There are thousands more fantastic resources for each one of these that sprang to mind this morning .
Can you do me a favor and let us all know about your favorite survival tactic in the comments ?
( More about the real starfish story here . )
Flickr Creative Commons image by Misserion
If you like this post , please link to , Tweet or Stumble it !
EXCLUSIVE :
CIUDAD JUAREZ , Mexico
The U.S. Defense Department thinks Mexico ’s two most deadly drug cartels together have fielded more than 100,000 foot soldiers - an army that rivals Mexico ’s armed forces and threatens to turn the country into a narco - state .
“ It ’s moving to crisis proportions , ” a senior U.S. defense official told The Washington Times .
The official , who spoke on the condition that he not be named because of the sensitive nature of his work , said the cartels ’ “ foot soldiers ” are on a par with Mexico ’s army of about 130,000 .
The disclosure underlines the enormity of the challenge Mexico and the United States face as they struggle to contain what is increasingly looking like a civil war or an insurgency along the U.S. - Mexico border .
In the past year , about 7,000 people have died - more than 1,000 in January alone .
The conflict has become increasingly brutal , with victims beheaded and bodies dissolved in vats of acid .
The death toll dwarfs that in Afghanistan , where about 200 fatalities , including 29 U.S. troops , were reported in the first two months of 2009 .
About 400 people , including 31 U.S. military personnel , died in Iraq during the same period .
The biggest and most violent combatants are the Sinaloa cartel , known by U.S. and Mexican federal law enforcement officials as the “ Federation ” or “ Golden Triangle , ” and its main rival , “ Los Zetas ” or the Gulf Cartel , whose territory runs along the Laredo , Texas , borderlands .
The two cartels appear to be negotiating a truce or merger to defeat rivals and better withstand government pressure .
U.S. officials say the consequences of such a pact would be grave .
“ I think if they merge or decide to cooperate in a greater way , Mexico could potentially have a national security crisis , ” the defense official said .
He said the two have amassed so many people and weapons that Mexican President Felipe Calderon is “ fighting for his life ” and “ for the life of Mexico right now . ”
As a result , Mexico is behind only Pakistan and Iran as a top U.S. national security concern , ranking above Afghanistan and Iraq , the defense official added .
Other U.S. officials and Mexico specialists agreed with this assessment .
Michael V. Hayden , who left as CIA director in January , put Mexico second to Iran as a top national security threat to the United States .
His successor , Leon E. Panetta , told reporters at his first news conference that the agency is “ paying … a lot of attention to ” Mexico .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CBS ’ “ 60 Minutes ” on Sunday that “ the stakes are high for the safety of many , many citizens of Mexico and the stakes are high for the United States no doubt . ”
In a December interview with The Times , President Bush said his successor would need to deal “ with these drug cartels in our own neighborhood .
And the front line of the fight will be Mexico . ”
A State Department travel advisory last month seemed timed to caution U.S. students contemplating spring breaks south of the border .
“ Some recent Mexican army and police confrontations with drug cartels have resembled small - unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades , ” the advisory said .
Independent analysts warn that narco - terrorists have infiltrated the Mexican government , creating a shadow regime that further complicates efforts to contain and destroy the cartels .
“ My greatest fear is that the tentacles of the shadow government grow stronger , that the cartels have penetrated the government and that they will be able to act with impunity and that this ever stronger shadow government will effectively evolve into a narco - state , ” said Ted Galen Carpenter , vice president for defense and foreign policy studies at the Cato Institute in Washington .
The Mexican Embassy in Washington did not respond to a request for comment on the drug war .
Mr. Calderon , however , has adamantly denied assertions that Mexico is becoming a failed state .
The Mexican government has “ not lost any part - any single part - of the Mexican territory to drug cartels , ” he recently told the Associated Press .
His comments run counter to the impressions of U.S. law enforcement officials and some Mexican journalists reporting in Ciudad Juarez , a city just across the border from El Paso , Texas .
On a recent morning here , the once - bustling border town of 1.3 million was more like a ghost town .
“ It ’s empty , ” said a vendor of freshly baked tortillas and salsa , who asked to be identified only by her first name , Maria .
“ We are in a losing war against the narco - traffickers .
My business is dying , and soon it will join the graveyard of businesses that have had to close down .
No one comes Juarez anymore . ”
More than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since last year .
The number continued to climb as The Times visited , with more than 20 deaths in one week .
In response to the challenge , U.S. and Mexican authorities have stepped up raids on cartel members in both countries .
Last week , U.S. and Mexican forces arrested 755 people , including 52 in the United States associated with the Sinaloa cartel .
However , cartel leader Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman is still at large .
He is thought to be living in Sinaloa and protected by hired gunmen and Mexican federal officials on his payroll , said a U.S. law enforcement official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing intelligence operations .
Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) spokesman Garrison Courtney said last week ’s raids put a dent in cartel operations but that public attention to the crisis has been long in coming .
“ If we do n’t start paying attention , the violence - which has already spilled into the U.S. - is going to get worse , ” Mr. Courtney said .
“ This is a shared interest between the United States and Mexico to go after these drug traffickers . ”
In recent years , however , U.S. officials have been reluctant to share information with Mexican counterparts , fearing that they will leak to the cartels .
DEA officials interviewed by The Times said the Sinaloa cartel employs Mexican federal officials , while other cartels pay off local governments and police .
“ Many times , what you see is n’t really what ’s going on , ” said a DEA official , who asked not to be named because of the nature of his work .
“ Many times the death of federal officers or local police is n’t a cartel making the hit , but the cartels themselves in the government fighting one another .
The same thing has happened to the Mexican army , where the cartels have also bought loyalty to move dope into the U.S. ”
Mr. Courtney said the Mexican cartels have “ evolved into the Colombian cartels of the 1980s .
Even the government ’s reaction to what ’s going on there right now and over the last five years is what the government of Colombia faced when they went after Pablo Escobar .
Juarez has seen an escalation in that same type of brutal violence . ”
Escobar was a Colombian drug lord who died in 1993 .
More than 2,000 Mexican army soldiers and 425 federal police are patrolling in Chihuahua state , where Ciudad Juarez is located .
More than 45,000 Mexican troops have been engaged in the drug war since Mr. Calderon took office in 2006 .
Mr. Carpenter said the use of the Mexican military may be backfiring .
“ I said at the time when Calderon called the military to take the lead role in confronting the cartels that he was undertaking a massive gamble , ” Mr. Carpenter said .
“ It is clear now that he is losing that gamble if he has not already lost it . ”
A U.S. counterterrorism official said , however , that the severity of the crisis was bringing the U.S. and Mexican governments closer and that the CIA will work closely with Mexico if asked for guidance .
“ Both countries have a common interest in clamping down on the cartels , and that has shaved away some of the underlying historical tensions in what has long been a close relationship with Mexico , ” said the official , who spoke on the condition that he not be named .
“ The Mexicans understand - perhaps more so than at any time in recent memory - that we are genuine about taking these people on . ”
Meanwhile , thousands of Mexicans daily cross the Santa Fe bridge , which connects Ciudad Juarez to El Paso , ironically one of the safest U.S. cities .
“ Why should we have to live like this ? ” asked Maria , the vendor .
“ Why do our children have to die , while our neighbors live like nothing is happening ?
Every day we pray for something different , for peace .
Every day our prayers are left unanswered . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Social network sites risk infantilising the mid-21st century mind , leaving it characterised by short attention spans , sensationalism , inability to empathise and a shaky sense of identity , according to a leading neuroscientist .
The startling warning from Lady Greenfield , professor of synaptic pharmacology at Lincoln college , Oxford , and director of the Royal Institution , has led members of the government to admit their work on internet regulation has not extended to broader issues , such as the psychological impact on children .
Greenfield believes ministers have not yet looked at the broad cultural and psychological effect of on - screen friendships via Facebook , Bebo and Twitter .
She told the House of Lords that children 's experiences on social networking sites " are devoid of cohesive narrative and long - term significance .
As a consequence , the mid-21st century mind might almost be infantilised , characterised by short attention spans , sensationalism , inability to empathise and a shaky sense of identity " .
Arguing that social network sites are putting attention span in jeopardy , she said : " If the young brain is exposed from the outset to a world of fast action and reaction , of instant new screen images flashing up with the press of a key , such rapid interchange might accustom the brain to operate over such timescales .
Perhaps when in the real world such responses are not immediately forthcoming , we will see such behaviours and call them attention - deficit disorder .
" It might be helpful to investigate whether the near total submersion of our culture in screen technologies over the last decade might in some way be linked to the threefold increase over this period in prescriptions for methylphenidate , the drug prescribed for attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder . "
She also warned against " a much more marked preference for the here - and - now , where the immediacy of an experience trumps any regard for the consequences .
After all , whenever you play a computer game , you can always just play it again ; everything you do is reversible .
The emphasis is on the thrill of the moment , the buzz of rescuing the princess in the game .
No care is given for the princess herself , for the content or for any long - term significance , because there is none .
This type of activity , a disregard for consequence , can be compared with the thrill of compulsive gambling or compulsive eating .
" The sheer compulsion of reliable and almost immediate reward is being linked to similar chemical systems in the brain that may also play a part in drug addiction .
So we should not underestimate the ' pleasure ' of interacting with a screen when we puzzle over why it seems so appealing to young people . "
Greenfield also warned there was a risk of loss of empathy as children read novels less .
" Unlike the game to rescue the princess , where the goal is to feel rewarded , the aim of reading a book is , after all , to find out more about the princess herself . "
She said she found it strange we are " enthusiastically embracing " the possible erosion of our identity through social networking sites , since those that use such sites can lose a sense of where they themselves " finish and the outside world begins " .
She claimed that sense of identity can be eroded by " fast - paced , instant screen reactions , perhaps the next generation will define themselves by the responses of others " .
Social networking sites can provide a " constant reassurance – that you are listened to , recognised , and important " .
Greenfield continued .
This was coupled with a distancing from the stress of face - to - face , real - life conversation , which were " far more perilous … occur in real time , with no opportunity to think up clever or witty responses " and " require a sensitivity to voice tone , body language and perhaps even to pheromones , those sneaky molecules that we release and which others smell subconsciously " .
She said she feared " real conversation in real time may eventually give way to these sanitised and easier screen dialogues , in much the same way as killing , skinning and butchering an animal to eat has been replaced by the convenience of packages of meat on the supermarket shelf .
Perhaps future generations will recoil with similar horror at the messiness , unpredictability and immediate personal involvement of a three - dimensional , real - time interaction . "
The solutions , however , lay less in regulation as in education , culture and society .
Greenfield argued that the appeal of Facebook lay in the fact that " a child confined to the home every evening may find at the keyboard the kind of freedom of interaction and communication that earlier generations took for granted in the three - dimensional world of the street .
But even given a choice , screen life can still be more appealing . "
She quoted one user saying they had 900 friends , another saying the fact " that you can't see or hear other people makes it easier to reveal yourself in a way that you might not be comfortable with .
You become less conscious of the individuals involved [ including yourself ] , less inhibited , less embarrassed and less concerned about how you will be evaluated . "
But Greenfield warned : " It is hard to see how living this way on a daily basis will not result in brains , or rather minds , different from those of previous generations .
We know that the human brain is exquisitely sensitive to the outside world . "
I ’ve been profiling a Perl program recently with Devel : : FastProf , and I had a little bit of a hard time finding one of my hot spots .
I had a construct like the following :
if ( $ condition_one ) { # some code } elsif ( $ other_condition ) { # code } elsif ( my ( @temp ) = $ text =~ m /( complex ) ( regex ) / g ) { # some other code } elsif { # and so on }
Devel :: FastProf showed me that my hot spot in the code was the very first line .
I could not understand why .
I tried a few different things — always the same result .
Then it hit me .
The way I write the code and what the Perl compiler turns it into are n’t the same things at all .
Ever tried to debug an if / elsif / elsif statement in Perl ’s debugger ?
You get to step up to the first line , but then immediately afterwards you drop into the case that matched — you do n’t get to step over each condition check in turn .
Perl treats them all as one statement .
And my hot spot was really the third conditional check .
I fixed it by replacing that with a simple regular expression and doing the complex parsing inside the block .
Some argue that , because more people have earned it , the CISSP certification is becoming less relevant .
The CISSP certification is not less relevant because more people are passing it – more people are passing it because there is a much higher demand for CISSP - certified professionals than at any time in the past .
Information and business security are far more relevant than in the past , because more organizations are using information systems in increasingly - complex ways to support critical business processes .
In my opinion the growth of CISSPs is still not keeping up with the demand for such professionals .
If anything , the certification is MORE relevant now than at any time before .
I disagree with the statement that it will become less relevant .
On the contrary , as the number of people who earn the CISSP certification grows , the MORE relevant it will become !
Say , for instance , 20 years from now , that 1/3 of all IT professionals have the certification .
That would make CISSP * HIGHLY * relevant !
I think that maybe you are asking a completely different question .
Today , having a CISSP gives relevance to the individual person who holds it .
When CISSP is rare , having it makes the person more relevant .
But if CISSP were to become plentiful , that would make the certification far more relevant .
Take MCSE .
Lots of IT pros have it .
The certification is * highly * relevant – so much so that it is practically a standard .
A person who does * not* have the MCSE is not relevant .
In many companies you ca n’t play in the game if you do n’t have it .
That sounds like high relevance to me .
Here ’s a brief conversation between Jeff and I which I transcribed from Stack Overflow podcast # 38 , starting at [ 42:28 ] .
Joel :
There ’s a debate over Test Driven Development … should you have unit tests for everything , that kind of stuff … a lot of people write to me , after reading The Joel Test , to say , “ You should have a 13th thing on here : Unit Testing , 100 % unit tests of all your code . ”
And that strikes me as being just a little bit too doctrinaire about something that you may not need .
Like , the whole idea of agile programming is not to do things before you need them , but to page - fault them in as needed .
I feel like automated testing of everything , a lot of times , is just not going to help you .
In other words , you ’re going to write an awful lot of unit tests to insure that code that , really , is going to work , and you ’re definitely going to find out if it does n’t work [ if you do n’t write the tests ] does , actually still work , … I do n’t know , I ’m going to get such flame mail for this because I ’m not expressing it that well .
But , I feel like if a team really did have 100 % code coverage of their unit tests , there ’d be a couple of problems .
One , they would have spent an awful lot of time writing unit tests , and they would n’t necessarily be able to pay for that time in improved quality .
I mean , they ’d have some improved quality , and they ’d have the ability to change things in their code with the confidence that they do n’t break anything , but that ’s it .
But the real problem with unit tests as I ’ve discovered is that the type of changes that you tend to make as code evolves tend to break a constant percentage of your unit tests .
Sometimes you will make a change to your code that , somehow , breaks 10 % of your unit tests .
Intentionally .
Because you ’ve changed the design of something … you ’ve moved a menu , and now everything that relied on that menu being there … the menu is now elsewhere .
And so all those tests now break .
And you have to be able to go in and recreate those tests to reflect the new reality of the code .
So the end result is that , as your project gets bigger and bigger , if you really have a lot of unit tests , the amount of investment you ’ll have to make in maintaining those unit tests , keeping them up - to - date and keeping them passing , starts to become disproportional to the amount of benefit that you get out of them .
Jeff : I think that ’s a great point .
Although , I do think if you ’re working on older code bases that do n’t have a lot of churn , …
Joel : Yeah .
Jeff :
To me it ’s about churn .
If you ’re working on an old code base that is n’t going to have that much churn , and you want to change it where you can’t break anything , where if you break anything it ’s really really bad , then it ’s probably worth your time to go in and develop a bunch of unit tests .
You ’re building scaffolding around this grand old building , this classic old building that ’s not going to change for another 200 years , so sure , build a bunch of scaffolding around the building .
Joel : Yeah .
They work really for things like a compiler , where the design is not going to change because the language is fixed .
Jeff : That ’s right .
Joel : I might do more black - box tests , sort of like unit tests but more from the perspective of “ does this compile all code correctly , ” with enormous numbers of tests , than just the internal , “ does this particular function work in this particular way at all times . ”
Last week I was listening to a podcast on Hanselminutes , with Robert Martin talking about the SOLID principles .
( That ’s a real easy - to - Google term ! )
It ’s object - oriented design , and they ’re calling it agile design , which it really , really is n’t .
It ’s principles for how to design your classes , and how they should work .
And , when I was listening to them , they all sounded to me like extremely bureaucratic programming that came from the mind of somebody that has not written a lot of code , frankly .
And here I am ranting against somebody that does n’t have a chance to respond .
But just to give you one example , a part of the SOLID principles was that if you write a class , that class has contracts with all the other classes that it interacts with , and those contracts should be expressed in interfaces [ PDF ] .
So you should n’t just interact with the class , because that class may change .
If you have a particular class that you need to use , you should make a custom interface just for what you ’re going to use in that class .
That interface , then , never has to change .
And the interface is the only thing that you have to #include .
Does that make sense ?
So , you ’ve got some class , with 40 different little methods on it , and I ’m only going to use six of them , so I should make an interface with those six things that I can use , and the class will implement that interface , and that ’s my contract with the class , that those are the only six things I ’m going to use .
People that say things like this have just never written a heck of a lot of code .
Because what they ’re doing is spending an enormous amount of time writing a lot of extra code , a lot of verbiage , a lot of files , and a million little classes that do n’t do anything and thousands of little interface classes and a lot of robustness to make each of these classes individually armed to go out into the world alone and do things , and you ’re not going to need it .
You ’re spending a lot of time in advance writing code that is just not going to be relevant , it ’s not going to be important .
It could , theoretically , protect you against things , but , how about waiting until those things happen before you protect yourself against them ?
This seems to be where a lot of the Object Oriented Design community went , and if anybody has any strong feelings about this , call in and tell me what you think–tell me if I ’m totally off track here –but it seems to me like a lot of the Object Oriented Design principles you ’re hearing lately from people like Robert Martin and Kent Beck and so forth have gone off the deep end into architecture for architecture ’s sake .
It does n’t seem like you could actually get any code written if you ’re spending all your time writing 8,000,000 unit tests , and every single dinky little class that you need to split a URL into four parts becomes an engineering project worthy of making a bridge , where you spend six months defining 1000 little interfaces .
They ’ve just gone off the deep end , and I do n’t think these people write very much code if they ’re coming up with these principles , to be honest , it does n’t even make sense .
Jeff :
Well , there are places where that level of testing makes sense .
If you ’re working at Microsoft and you ’re working on the .NET Framework …
Joel : Yeah .
Jeff : … you have a totally different set of obligations to your public …
Joel : Correct .
Jeff :…
Your code ’s going to be used millions and millions of times .
Joel : Yeah .
In fact , if you ’re making any kind of API , a plug in API , it is very important to separate things into interfaces and be very very contractual , and tightly engineered .
Just like you want to put a lot of effort into your user interface , you also want to put a lot of effort into your API that people are calling … it ’s just an interface , and you want it to be good and solid and robust .
And that ’s fine .
But this idea that every single class in your code , all these classes interacting with each other , should be so tightly defined …
Listening to this interview on Hanselminutes , there seemed to be an intense obsession with creating lots and lots of little classes that all did one particular thing …
One of the SOLID principles , and I ’m totally butchering this , but , one of the principles was that you should n’t have two things in the same class that would be changed for a different reason [ PDF ] .
Like , you do n’t want to have an Employee class , because it ’s got his name which might get changed if he gets married , and it has his salary , which might get changed if he gets a raise .
Those have to be two separate classes , because they get changed under different circumstances .
And you wind up with millions of tiny little classes , like the EmployeeSalary class , and it ’s just … ( laughs ) idiotic !
You ca n’t build software that way !
The way real software works is that you create these very imperfect things , and they work great .
They really do .
And then you have a little problem , and you go and you fix the little problem , because it ’s code , and you have an editor , and you edit it .
These classes are not going to go wander off flying in the universe all by themselves and need to work perfectly and unchanged until the end of time .
Jeff : Right .
The longer I think about this , the less I care about code hygiene issues ( laughs ) .
Because the unit of measure that really matters to me is , how quickly you can respond to real business needs with your code .
And by that I mean , how well are you serving the people that are using your code .
To me that ’s what it ’s all about .
Anything that gets in the way of you fixing your code or improving your code in a way that your customers can appreciate , is a negative .
If that means using Ruby , or having lots of unit tests : whatever ’s working for you : do that .
But if it ’s getting in the way , if it becomes friction , like , “ I ’d love to have this great new feature but I ’d have to have 1000 unit tests , ” that ’s a negative .
Joel : Yeah .
And the worst thing that happens is that you get people that just stop thinking about what they ’re doing .
“ This is the principle , to always write unit tests , so I ’m always going to write unit tests , ” and then they ’re just not thinking about how they ’re spending their time , and they wind up wasting a lot of it .
Jeff : Yeah , it ’s a balancing act .
And I do n’t want to come out and say I ’m against [ unit ] testing , because I ’m really not .
Anything that improves quality is good .
But there ’s multiple axes you ’re working on here ; quality is just one axis .
And I find , sadly , to be completely honest with everybody listening , quality really does n’t matter that much , in the big scheme of things …
There was this quote from Frank Zappa : “ Nobody gives a crap if we ’re great musicians . ”
And it really is true .
The people that appreciate Frank Zappa ’s music are n’t going , “ that guitar was really off . ”
They ’re hearing the whole song ; they ’re hearing the music , they ’re not really worried whether your code has the correct object interfaces , or if it ’s developed in a pure way , or written in Ruby or PHP … they do n’t really care about that stuff .
We do internally , but it ’s important to balance that , I think , and I think that gets missed a lot , which is , maybe , the point you ’re getting at .
Joel : Yeah .
Jeff : I think over time , more and more , I ’ve become really lax on my thinking about this , because what matters is what you deliver to the customer , and how happy the customer is with what you ’ve delivered .
There ’s many , many ways to get there .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 23 , 2009
According to the great - grandson of John D. Rockefeller , nephew of banker David Rockefeller , and former Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Jay Rockefeller the internet represents a serious threat to national security .
Rockefeller is not alone in this assessment .
His belief that the internet is the “ number one national hazard ” to national security is shared by the former Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell and Obama ’s current director Admiral Dennis C. Blair .
Senator Jay Rockefeller pontificates on the threat to national security posed by the internet .
“ It really almost makes you ask the question would it have been better if we had never invented the internet , ” Rockefeller mused during the confirmation hearing of Gary Locke ( see video ) , Obama ’s choice for Commerce Secretary .
He then cites a dubious figure of three million cyber “ attacks ” launched against the Department of Defense every day .
“ Everybody is attacked , anybody can do it .
People say , well it ’s China and Russia , but there could be some kid in Latvia doing the same thing . ”
Jay Rockefeller ’s comments reveal an astounding degree of ignorance – or if not ignorance , outright propaganda .
Since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks the government has cranked up the fear quotient in regard to cyber attacks and so - called cyber terrorism , a virtually non-existent threat except in the minds security experts and politicians .
In the years since the attacks , not one real instance of real cyberterrorism has been recorded .
“ Cyberattacks on critical components of the national infrastructure are not uncommon , but they have not been conducted by terrorists and have not sought to inflict the kind of damage that would qualify as cyberterrorism , ” writes Gabriel Weimann , author of Terror on the Internet .
“ Nuclear weapons and other sensitive military systems , as well as the computer systems of the CIA and FBI , are ‘ air - gapped , ’ making them inaccessible to outside hackers .
Systems in the private sector tend to be less well protected , but they are far from defenseless , and nightmarish tales of their vulnerability tend to be largely apocryphal . ”
“ Psychological , political , and economic forces have combined to promote the fear of cyberterrorism , ” Weimann continues .
“ From a psychological perspective , two of the greatest fears of modern time are combined in the term ‘ cyberterrorism . ’
The fear of random , violent victimization blends well with the distrust and outright fear of computer technology . ”
“ The sky is not falling , and cyber - weapons seem to be of limited value in attacking national power or intimidating citizens , ” notes James Lewis of the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
Such a threat is overblown , Lewis explains .
He notes that “ a brief review suggests that while many computer networks remain very vulnerable to attack , few critical infrastructures are equally vulnerable . ”
In other words , Rockefeller ’s example of a kid in Latvia with a laptop posing a serious “ hazard ” to national security is little more than sensationalistic propaganda .
So - called cyber terrorists are far less of a threat than government .
China and Australia have recently imposed draconian censorship on internet freedom .
Brazil , Denmark , Canada , Finland , Ireland , Italy , Israel , the United Kingdom , the United States , and many other countries also impose nominal censorship on internet freedom .
Urgent calls to restrict the medium in various ways through legislation and government action have increased over the last few years ( for more detail , see Internet Censorship : A Comparative Study ) .
However , the real threat to internet freedom is currently posed by IT and ISP corporations , not the government .
The Alex Jones Show , June 11 , 2008 : : Death of the Internet .
Part 2
As Alex Jones explained last June , large corporate ISPs are now in the process of imposing bandwidth caps and routing traffic over their networks and blocking certain targeted websites .
For instance , in 2005 AOL Time - Warner was caught blocking access to all of Jones ’ flagship websites across the entire United States .
Other instances of outright censorship include the UK ISP Tiscali blocking subscribers from reaching material on the 7/7 London bombings and Google ’s continued and habitual censorship of 9/11 material and Alex Jones ’ films on the ever - popular YouTube .
There are many other instances as well .
( See Censoring the Internet : A Collection of Essential Links on Infowars . )
Jay Rockefeller ’s warning about virtually non-existent and largely absurd cyberterrorism reveals increasing government nervousness and apprehension about the medium as a whole , especially as the internet grows by leaps and bounds as an alternative news and activism medium .
On numerous occasions over the last few years alternative websites have posted articles exposing government crime , articles the corporate media has largely ignored .
During the Bush years , the internet served as a vital resource for information on everything from torture and the destruction of civil liberties to the invasions and occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , information the corporate media was often unable or unwilling to carry .
For instance , earlier this month Infowars broke a story concerning the Missouri Information Analysis Center and its effort to profile Libertarians and Ron Paul supporters as terrorists .
The story was subsequently picked up by the corporate media ( although Alex Jones and Infowars did not receive attribution ) .
As more corporate media outlets fail — as evinced by several high profile newspapers going out of business recently — and more people flock to the internet to get their news and information , the government will increasingly employ fear tactics designed to portray the medium as a refuge for terrorists , pedophiles , and other miscreants .
It appears the Obama administration is attempting to micromanage this effort .
Last week CNet “ obtained a summary of a proposal from Senators Jay Rockefeller ( D - W.V. ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) that would create an Office of the National Cybersecurity Advisor , part of the Executive Office of the President .
That office would receive the power to disconnect , if it believes they ’re at risk of a cyberattack , ‘ critical ’ computer networks from the Internet . ”
As well , the effort would put the White House National Cybersecurity Advisor in charge of coordinating cyber efforts within the intelligence community and within civilian agencies .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Apart from being one of the most amazing 3D animations I 've seen in a while , this Formula 1 2009 video shows how the new KERS works , a kinetic - to - electric - energy system that allows for speed jumps .
Advertisement
KERS is short for Kinetic Energy Recovery System , an ingenious mechanical device that recovers wasted kinetic energy generated while braking .
It converts that energy into electric power , which gets stored in a battery in the car 's front .
And then the really cool part comes :
Once every lap , the battery reaches its full capacity and the F1 car driver can click a button to obtain a 6.5 seconds turbo boost , adding an extra 82 horsepower to the nominal capacity of the engine .
Turbo boost , KITT , turbo boost !
Click to viewNext , Mario Kart - style power boosters floating on the road .
[ Thanks Sergio ]
By Piers Newbery
Nadal has now won three of the four Grand Slam titles
Rafael Nadal produced a display of incredible defiance to beat Roger Federer 7 - 5 3 - 6 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 3 - 6 6 - 2 and win his first Australian Open title .
The Spaniard , 22 , recovered from his marathon semi-final to ruin Federer 's attempt to equal Pete Sampras 's record of 14 Grand Slam titles .
Nadal saved 13 of 19 break points as he refused to yield in a stunning match .
The world number one has now won six Grand Slam titles - including four at the French Open and one at Wimbledon .
He took his record against Federer to 13 wins in 19 matches , and five in seven Grand Slam finals between the pair , in a worthy successor to their last meeting at Wimbledon in July .
Nadal won that match in five sets and , despite playing just two days after winning the longest match in Australian Open history in his five - hour semi-final win over Fernando Verdasco , the top seed prevailed again in another sensational encounter .
606 : DEBATE
Let us take a moment and savour the divine tennis on display from both great champions
silverplumes
With so much at stake it was still a surprise to see Federer , 27 , make a desperately nervous start , dropping serve immediately in a woeful game of three wild errors and a double fault .
Nadal had the chance to build an early lead but was pegged back straight away in a 10 - minute game , Federer converting his third break point with a smooth forehand winner down the line .
The Swiss moved ahead with another break in game six when he leapt on a short serve , but Nadal stormed back in the following game with a magnificent running forehand and a fierce cross-court backhand before Federer double faulted on break point .
There was plenty of the magic that the world 's top two can be relied upon to produce but Federer was a little below par , serving at 54 % with 15 unforced errors when Nadal broke again for 6 - 5 before serving out the set .
I 've felt better .
God , it 's killing me
Federer on defeat
The world number two picked up his form with two spectacular forehand winners for break point in game four of the second set , but Nadal chose the perfect moment to deliver his second ace of the day .
A couple of vicious backhands helped Nadal to a potentially decisive break at 2 - 2 but this time it was Federer who hit straight back , levelling at 3 - 3 when the Spaniard went long with a forehand .
Game eight of the second set was a key moment as Federer earned break point four times , and each time Nadal responded - three fantastic serves and a drop shot saving the world number one - before the Swiss converted his fifth chance with a move to the net .
Federer confidently wrapped up his fourth straight game to win a set during which he had served at a lowly 37 % , and it had slumped to 35 % by the time he faced a break point at 2 - 3 in the third , saving it with a forehand winner .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nadal called for the trainer after game seven and had treatment on his right thigh , and two games later looked in desperate trouble at 0 - 40 , but the indomitable Spaniard fought his way out of trouble to stay on serve .
He certainly appeared to be feeling the effects of his semi-final , but again the world number one saved three break points in his next service game .
And an incredible turnaround looked on the cards when Nadal got to set point in game 11 but he could not return a fine Federer serve and a crucial tie - break loomed .
It was as brilliant and dramatic as expected , Nadal edging 5 - 3 clear before earning three set points with a magnificent lunging backhand volley , and taking the set when Federer , incredibly , double faulted .
Just remember you 're a great champion and you 're one of the best in history and for sure you 're going to match Sampras
Nadal to Federer Nadal simply would not buckle and after Federer lost an early break advantage in the fourth the set as the Spaniard fought back yet again , the usually implacable Swiss slammed a ball into the advertising boards in frustration .
If anything , the quality of play and drama only heightened at 2 - 2 when Nadal earned five break points of his own , winning one amazing rally with a forehand that had the crowd on their feet , but this time it was Federer who produced with his back against the wall .
The momentum had swung , for the moment , in the second seed 's favour and he capitalised to break for 4 - 2 before serving out relatively easily .
It did not signal a burst of new - found confidence from the three - time champion , however , and he was the first to crack in the decider , playing a nervous game that included a double fault and two desperate backhands to drop serve in game four .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The errors began to flow from the Federer backhand and a focused Nadal made him pay , moving to the verge of the title with some confident serving .
Two match points arrived when Federer , on serve , hooked a regulation forehand wide but two nervous Nadal errors kept the contest alive .
The Spaniard responded with a blistering cross-court backhand winner onto the line that Federer chose not to challenge , and when the Swiss went long with a forehand a breathtaking match was finally over after four hours 23 minutes .
A tearful Federer struggled to make his runner - up speech afterwards , admitting : " I 've felt better .
Maybe I 'll try later .
God , it 's killing me . "
Nadal , the first Spaniard to win the Australian title , accepted the trophy from Rod Laver and said : " Roger , I know exactly how you feel .
" Just remember you 're a great champion and you 're one of the best in history and for sure you 're going to match Sampras .
To receive this trophy from Rod Laver is a dream for me . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Marijuana Grow Journals
This is where you can keep journals to share your personal marijuana growing experience whether it be indoor , outdoor , organic or hydroponics .
The Linux , Win32 and MacOSX / Intel release candidate 2 kits for Firebird 2.1.2 have been released for field testing .
Feedback to the firebird - devel list please ; bug - reports to the Tracker .
[ ED : on 7 was my birthday and we launched mario[ z ]
3.1 , so I did n’t saw this news ]
While reporting a 50 percent increase in the number of projects approved under the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) , the administrators at the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) acknowledged that the carbon trading system requires an overhaul .
This is the first time that the UNFCCC has conceded to the fact that the CDM has loopholes which need to be filled in order to make the next climate treaty a success .
[ social_buttons ]
CDM is a tool incorporated in the Kyoto Protocol which helps industrialized nations to meet their emissions - reduction targets through investments low - emission projects in the developing world .
It has been an instrument to spread clean energy use across the world and providing monetary assistance to the developing countries to reduce their carbon emissions .
But the mechanism has had its fair share of criticism .
Critics say that projects which could have been set up without any monetary help have also been incorporated in the CDM .
Many other projects which pose potential environmental threat have been approved to sell carbon credits .
While approving projects like wind farms for selling carbon credits it must be ensured that the ecology of the area is not going to face any adverse effects , that no trees are cut to make space for the wind mills and that the local population has no objections with the project .
These aspects have been ignored so far .
If a project has been established then it should not be considered in the application process .
Thorough checks and extensive studies about the ecological , environmental and socio- economic effects must be made mandatory before the any project is approved for selling carbon credits .
For instance , for a hydroelectric project , it must be check if the displaced people have been successfully relocated to new areas , what biodiversity has been lost due to the submergence of land and what are the plans initiated to replenish it and whether the company / government has any plan about managing the methane emissions generated from the project .
Companies in India and China , which sell the lion share of global carbon credits , try to find ways of convincing their respective environmental ministries which further their recommendations to the approval agencies hired by UNFCCC .
Therefore , it is important that more transparency brought in the manner in which these agencies go through the procedure of approving projects .
Taking yet another example , the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC ) sells carbon credits under the CDM scheme for using the eco-friendly regenerative braking system in its trains .
Now , the DMRC is one of the very few metro projects in the world which manage to generate profit so why does it require money to finance this braking system .
More than half of this long - term metro project has been completed and Japan has provided a major portion of the funds but now DMRC is planning to get CDM approval for the whole project itself .
The DMRC wants to get approval for selling carbon credits as commuters have shifted from buses / cars thus reducing carbon emissions .
The developed nations are least bothered as they are concerned only with meeting the set emission reduction goals while the developing countries are happy to receive practically free funding for their projects .
But if transparency and responsibility is not brought into the system , this whole carbon offsetting scheme would be reduced to a mere eyewash .
Instead of monetary investments technological help should be extended to the developing and poor countries because it is difficult to keep track of the funds .
Every entity involved in the process – the project managers , the company involved , the environment ministry and the approving agency – must be made accountable for its actions .
We must stop fooling ourselves by selling and earning credits because in reality we have to go a very long way before the rising carbon emissions could be curtailed .
Image source : lamusa at Flickr under Creative Commons License .
The eurozone thought it would escape the worst of the slump .
It was wrong , says Ashley Seager
It was n't supposed to be like this .
As Britain and America suffered the inevitable consequences of falling house prices , frozen credit and massive consumer debt , the former plodders in the eurozone , with their preference for safe banking and greater reliance on manufacturing rather than services , would emerge relatively unscathed , said policymakers in France and Germany - at least until recently .
For the big surprise of recent months has not been that Britain and the US have plunged into deep recessions , but that most countries of the 16 - member euro bloc have entered recession at the same time , and are looking every bit as sick , if not sicker , than the Anglo - Saxon economies .
Britain saw its economy , for example , slump by 1.5 % in the fourth quarter of the year , the biggest fall since the early 1980s recession .
But Germany , despite not having had a property boom or consumer debt binge , saw its economy contract even faster .
The eurozone 's biggest economy shrank by 2.1 % in the three months to December , but was run a close second by Italy , which suffered a 1.8 % drop in GDP .
The French economy contracted by 1.2 % , Spain by 1 % and the eurozone as a whole by 1.5 % .
Europe 's manufacturers are being hurt by the severity of the global recession .
Car sales have crashed and the Chinese have ceased buying Germany 's machine tools .
" Germany 's problems are that we are export world champions and exports have slumped , " says Professor Dennis Snower , head of the Kiel Institute for the World Economy .
" And our Mittelstand [ small and medium - sized businesses ] are being crippled by a lack of credit . "
But he says Germany is not the worst affected nation : " Italy is really is the sick man of Europe . "
Industrial production figures in the eurozone are grim .
They fell by 2.6 % in December alone and are down 12 % from a year earlier , the biggest fall in the bloc 's short history .
Germany 's fell a staggering 5 % on the month as its exporters struggled with falling demand and a strong euro .
The International Monetary Fund forecasts that Germany 's GDP will fall even more this year than France 's , Italy 's or Spain's .
The IMF thinks the eurozone will see a contraction of 2 % in 2009 and flat growth in 2010 , but many think that could prove highly optimistic .
Attention among economists has now moved from whether London is " Reykjavik - on - Thames " to whether the epithet of " the next Iceland " is more applicable to other countries .
Germany is being called Reykjavik - on - the - Rhine and Ireland Reykjavik - on - Liffey .
The joke goes that Ireland , whose property bubble has spectacularly burst , differs from Iceland only by one letter and six months .
The Mediterranean countries - Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain - are now unkindly referred to as " the Pigs " because of their slumping economies and high public debt .
Standard & Poor 's has downgraded the sovereign debt rating of Spain , Portugal and Greece already .
Spain is suffering an economic collapse in spite of not allowing its banks to take excessive risks .
Its tumbling house prices have dragged the construction sector into a huge recession and unemployment is surging .
Italy has the problem that , with public debt at 108 % of GDP , it cannot embark on any meaningful fiscal stimulus for fear of pushing its debt higher still .
With its economy having failed to adapt to the strictures of a single currency zone , it is hopelessly uncompetitive .
Part of the problem is the European Central Bank .
It has been very slow in recognising the problem the bloc faces and has dragged its feet cutting interest rates , to the extent that it now looks way behind the curve with its key rate at 2 % .
The Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan are effectively at zero , while the Bank of England has cut rates to 1 % .
ECB vice - president Lucas Papademos was in London last week and gave a hint the bank might cut rates again next month , but was still talking the language of " anchoring price expectations " at around 2 % , even though inflation in the bloc is about to turn negative .
Some countries - Germany and France in particular - have belatedly launched economic stimulus packages in a bid to prevent unemployment , now on the rise everywhere , from rising too far .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy has mocked Britain 's VAT cut , preferring to encourage people to buy new , greener cars .
But quite why people would want to buy a car if they have just lost their job , or fear they might do so , is not clear .
All the stresses and strains are showing up in the widening gap between yields on bonds issued by Germany ( considered the safest bet ) and those issued by , among others , Greece , Italy and Ireland , as markets fear that the danger of a sovereign default is growing .
Critics say this could all result in the break - up of the eurozone , or , at least , a country like Italy having to leave it .
For now , that seems highly unlikely .
But in this crisis , things that seem unlikely one month become the norm the next one .
David Sirota on yesterday 's hearing about Bernie Madoff :
At a contentious Financial Services Committee hearing today about the failure of the Securities and Exchange Commission to prevent the Bernie Madoff scandal , the SEC's General Counsel cited executive privilege as reason that he and the SEC 's enforcement branch were refusing to answer congressional inquiries .
You can watch the video here - the executive privilege issue comes at about 5 minutes and 15 seconds into the clip .
As you 'll see , SEC officials refuse to answer the committee 's basic questions about the Madoff scandal , and the agency 's acting general counsel , Andy Vollmer ( a Bush holdover and maxed - out donor to John McCain 's presidential campaign ) explicitly cites executive privilege as his legal rationale for refusing to provide basic information to federal lawmakers .
Congress has a constitutional obligation to engage in basic fact finding , both in order to legislate reforms at the SEC and to publicly expose how our economy was destroyed by sharks like Madoff .
Now , Bush holdovers at the SEC are using executive powers - powers that are now President Obama 's - to prevent Democratic lawmakers from doing their job .
NEW YORK -- Baseball commissioner Bud Selig made more than all but three of his sport 's players in 2007 .
Selig received a raise of about $ 3 million to nearly $ 17.5 million that year , according to Major League Baseball 's latest tax return .
His compensation was listed at $ 17,470,491 for the 12 months that ended Oct. 31 , 2007 , according to the return , which is available at guidestar.org .
That was up from $ 14,515,071 in the prior 12 months .
MLB 's contribution to Selig in its benefit plan was $ 461,540 , an increase from $ 400,999 in the previous return .
He got $ 422,590 in expense account and other allowances , up from $ 140,603 in the previous fiscal year .
His total compensatoin adding benefits and expenses was $ 18.35 million .
Selig 's pay was first reported by the Sports Business Journal .
In 2007 , the only players who received higher cash compensation were a trio of the Yankees : Alex Rodriguez at $ 23 million ( plus $ 4 million deferred ) , Derek Jeter at $ 22 million ( including a $ 2 million payment as part of his signing bonus ) and Jason Giambi at $ 21.5 million ( including a $ 500,000 payment as part of his signing bonus ) .
Roger Clemens fell just short at $ 17,442,637 .
Selig took over as acting commissioner in September 1992 and was elected permanently in July 1998 .
His current term runs through 2012 .
For the second straight tax year , baseball 's return did not list compensation for other top officials , such as chief operating officer Bob DuPuy , and executive vice presidents Rob Manfred , John McHale Jr. , Jonathan Mariner and Jimmy Lee Solomon .
The IRS form appears to require the disclosure of compensation for officers , directors and trustees .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The Bank of England has reduced interest rates to a record low of 1 % from 1.5 % , in an attempt to boost the shrinking economy .
This marks the fifth interest rate cut since October , as the Bank seeks to encourage more lending .
However , there are concerns that savers will be hurt by lower interest rates .
And business groups argue that this rate reduction will not be enough to ease the economic crisis , and will not encourage banks to lend .
The decision comes after official data showed the UK had entered a recession in December , after two successive quarters of economic contraction .
The Bank Rate has now been reduced from 5 % in October last year .
In a statement , the Bank of England said that the rate cuts , along with government measures to boost the economy , " would provide a considerable stimulus to activity as the year progressed . "
Mortgage cuts FALLING RATES 8 October 2008 : 4.5 % 6 November 2008 : 3.0 % 4 December 2008 : 2.0 % 8 January 2009 : 1.5 % 5 February 2009 : 1.0 %
See all 300 years of interest rates
See who has cut mortgage rates Following the rate cut Paul Broadhead of the Building Societies Association ( BSA ) told the BBC that savers were being " punished " , arguing that the move could hinder the funds available to societies to lend as mortgages .
Meanwhile , many lenders responded by cutting some of their mortgage rates .
Halifax said it would pass on the rate cut to customers with standard variable rate mortgages .
Other lenders to pass on the rate change to holders of such mortgages include Nationwide , Barclays , Lloyds TSB and Skipton Building Society .
Business worries
Some business groups said they were not sure further rate cuts would work .
The Federation of Small Businesses ( FSB ) said that what was needed was improved access to capital .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It said that a survey of its members found that 63 % wanted rates to remain at their current level , compared with only 24 % who wanted a further cut .
" These figures suggest that the recent interest rate cuts are not having the desired effect and other means of economic stimulus are required , " said FSB national chairman John Wright .
However , the Bank of England argues that " although the transmission mechanism of monetary policy was impaired , the past cuts in Bank Rate would in due course nevertheless have a significant impact " .
Balancing act Others business groups welcomed the cut .
The Institute of Directors ' chief economist Graeme Leach said : " The interest rate transmission mechanism is clearly impaired but it is not yet kaput " .
The Ernst & Young Item Club supported the Bank 's decision , but added that the economy was in " deep recession " and believed that interest rates should drop further - " possibly to zero " .
Hetal Mehta , senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young Item Club , highlighted the " difficult task " the Bank faced .
HAVE YOUR SAY I 'd rather see interest rates go up to help savers and strengthen the pound Gareth , Peterborough " Six months ago the Bank was balancing slowing economic growth with accelerating inflation .
" However the Bank now has to act to avoid deflation without fear of a further weakening of sterling ; a weaker currency should serve to add to the competitiveness of exports . "
Responding to Thursday 's cut , John Philpott , chief economist at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development said : " The Monetary Policy Committee is right to cut Bank Rate to 1 % , even though some question the merit of doing so without greater effort to increase the availability of credit to hard - pressed businesses . "
But he added : " With conditions in the job market deteriorating rapidly what 's needed now to stem the rise in unemployment is early action to boost the supply of money to our cash - strapped economy . "
In contrast to the Bank of England the European Central Bank kept eurozone rates on hold at 2 % on Thursday .
Economic data
The rate cut comes against a backdrop of gloomy economic data .
The economy contracted by 0.6 % between July and September , and by 1.5 % from October to December , Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) figures showed .
And the ONS also said UK unemployment had risen to 1.92 million in the three months to November 2008 - the highest level since 1997 .
Figures from the Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) released earlier this week showed manufacturing remained weak last month , despite a slight improvement on December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It has been several years since we have been working on our genealogy database / family tree .
Working on it is reveling , and revealing as you end up learning a lot about ones own ancestry and the stories surrounding it .
One of the factors which grab attention while updating the database are the names .
On the upper steps of the ladder , the names are mostly repetitive .
These are the traditional kerala christian names , which have been handed over through generations , and have been used extensively until 1950s / independence ( eg : Kunnappallil descendancy chart through the generations ) .
Naming convention
The repetitive nature is mostly due to the naming convention followed :
The eldest son / daughter carrys the name of the paternal grand father / mother .
The second son / daughter carrys the name of the maternal grand father / mother .
If you summarise these names , you can see that all those widely used kerala christian names count upto just a few , like ~ 25 for males and ~ 10 for females .
A compilation of these names , with their origin , have been given in tabular form below .
Names , Origin and their Malayalam variants
English Origin Origin .
Script Malayalam Abraham Hw. Avraham אַבְרָהָ ם Avira , Avaran , Avarachan Alexander Gr. Alexandros Αλεξανδρος Chandy , Idiculla Cyriac Rm. Cirieco Kurian Cyril Gr. Kyrillos Κυριλλο ς Korula , Kuruvilla David Hw . Dvd דוד Tharian , Thavu Dominic Lt. Dominicus Dummini Emmanuel Hw. Mani Francis Lt. Franciscus Pranji , Pranju , Porinju George Gr. Georgios Γεωργιο ς Varghese , Varkey , Vakkachan ,
Vareethu , Geevarghese Ignatius Rm. Egnatius Inasu Issac Hw. Yitzchaq יִצְחָ ק Ittack , Itty Issac Abraham Ittyavirah , Ittiyerah Jacob Hw. Ya’aqov יַעֲקֹ ב
Chacko , Yakob John Hw. Yochanan יוֹחָנָ ן Yohannan , Ulahannan , Lonan ,
Lonappan , Ninan Joseph Hw .
Yosef יוֹסֵ ף
Yesoph , Ouseph , Outha , Ipe ,
Ittoop , Kunjeppu , Joppan Joshua Hw.
Yehoshu ’a יְהוֹשֻׁע ַ
Koshy , Eenashu , Easow Luke Gr. Loukas Λουκα ς Lukose Mathew Hw. Mattityahu מַתִּתְיָהו ּ Mathew , Mathai , Mathan ,
Mathu , Mathulla Mark Rm. Marcus Markose Paul Lt. Paulus Paulose , Paili , Pailo Peter Gr. Petros Πετρος Pathros , Pathappan Philip Gr. Philippos Φιλιππο ς Philipose , Peeli , Pothan Sebastian Lt. Sebastianus Devasy , Devasia , Devasianos Stephen Gr . Stephanos Στεφανος Eapen , Esthappan , Punnoose , Uthup Thomas Ar. Te’oma Thomma , Thampan , Mamman ,
Oommen Zachariah Hw .
Zekharyah זְכַרְיָ ה Cheriyan , Kuncheria , Karia , Scaria English Origin Origin .
Script Malayalam Anna Hw. Channah חַנָּה Annamma Bridgit Ir. Brighid Bridgita Elizabeth Hw. Elisheva אֱלִישֶׁבַ ע Elisa , Elia , Elacha , Eliamma Mary Hw. Miryam מִרְיָ ם Mariam , Maria , Mariamma Rachel Hw. רָחֵל Rahel Rebecca Hw. Rivqah רִבְקָ ה
Akka , Raca , Akkamma Rosa Ger. Rose Orotha , Kunjorotha Sarah Hw. Sara Saramma Susan Hw. Shoshannah שׁוֹשַׁנָּ ה Susanna , Sosa , Sosamma , Achamma Theresa Sp. Teresa Thresia , Therthia , Theyya , Iyya ,
Kochuthresia
Hw .
Hebrew , Gr. Greek , Lt. Latin , Rm. Roman , Ar. Armenian , Ir. Irish , Ger. Germanian , Sp. Spanish
It is to be noted that the origin mentioned here is not the immediate origin from where the malayalam name originated , but the root of the name .
The english equivalents given here are those used locally ( in Kerala ) .
Hovering your mouse over the english equivalents will give the extended meanings of the respective names .
There are still other kerala christian names out there , and do comment us about them .
Yet to identify the origin of names like Dummini , Outha , Kuriakose ( Cyril or Cyriac ? ) etc. , if there are any .
There is a school of thought which says that ‘ Itty ’ is used as a prefix , like kutty , kunju etc .
For example , usage of Itty Ipe , Itty Avirah etc could be analogous to Kutty Varkey , Kunju Ipe , etc .
Hence do not take this list as conclusive or exhaustive .
Transition in the naming style
The transition beyond the 1950s ( post independence ) brought a multitude of names to the kerala christian name group , from simply the english quivalents ( eg : George , Thomas ) to the two - syllabled names ( Sunny , Lisy ) to the combination of parents ’ names ( eg : child of Sunny and Lisy will be Susy ) to all kind of possible sounds !
Sometimes while updating the database , I have the names but I would get stuck in identifying the gender of the person .
Like , in our genealogy database of 2200 + ( current figures ) , there are 9 of which I could not identify the gender by name .
Reference :
1. genealogy.rocksea.org
2. behindthename.com
3. Cross reference : The Syrian Christians by S.G. Pothen ; from an article by Nidhin Olikara on nasrani.net .
Related posts
Election Fraud in Kentucky
I think this is the first documented case of election fraud in the U.S. using electronic voting machines ( there have been lots of documented cases of errors and voting problems , but this one involves actual maliciousness ) :
Five Clay County officials , including the circuit court judge , the county clerk , and election officers were arrested Thursday after they were indicted on federal charges accusing them of using corrupt tactics to obtain political power and personal gain .
The 10 - count indictment , unsealed Thursday , accused the defendants of a conspiracy from March 2002 until November 2006 that violated the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( RICO ) .
RICO is a federal statute that prosecutors use to combat organized crime .
The defendants were also indicted for extortion , mail fraud , obstruction of justice , conspiracy to injure voters ’ rights and conspiracy to commit voter fraud .
According to the indictment , these alleged criminal actions affected the outcome of federal , local , and state primary and general elections in 2002 , 2004 , and 2006 .
From BradBlog :
Clay County uses the horrible ES&S iVotronic system for all of its votes at the polling place .
The iVotronic is a touch - screen Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE ) device , offering no evidence , of any kind , that any vote has ever been recorded as per the voter ’s intent .
If the allegations are correct here , there would likely have been no way to discover , via post-election examination of machines or election results , that votes had been manipulated on these machines .
ES&S is the largest distributor of voting systems in America and its iVotronic system — which is well - documented to have lost and flipped votes on many occasions — is likely the most widely - used DRE system in the nation .
It ’s currently in use in some 419 jurisdictions in 18 states including Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Missouri , Mississippi , North Carolina , New Jersey , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , Wisconsin , and West Virginia .
ArsTechnica has more , and here ’s the actual indictment ; BradBlog has excerpts .
The fraud itself is very low - tech , and did n’t make use of any of the documented vulnerabilities in the ES&S iVotronic machines ; it was basic social engineering .
Matt Blaze explains :
The iVotronic is a popular Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE ) voting machine .
It displays the ballot on a computer screen and records voters ’ choices in internal memory .
Voting officials and machine manufacturers cite the user interface as a major selling point for DRE machines — it ’s already familiar to voters used to navigating touchscreen ATMs , computerized gas pumps , and so on , and thus should avoid problems like the infamous “ butterfly ballot ” .
Voters interact with the iVotronic primarily by touching the display screen itself .
But there ’s an important exception : above the display is an illuminated red button labeled “ VOTE ” ( see photo at right ) .
Pressing the VOTE button is supposed to be the final step of a voter ’s session ; it adds their selections to their candidates ’ totals and resets the machine for the next voter .
The Kentucky officials are accused of taking advantage of a somewhat confusing aspect of the way the iVotronic interface was implemented .
In particular , the behavior ( as described in the indictment ) of the version of the iVotronic used in Clay County apparently differs a bit from the behavior described in ES&S ’s standard instruction sheet for voters [ pdf – see page 2 ] .
A flash - based iVotronic demo available from ES&S here shows the same procedure , with the VOTE button as the last step .
But evidently there ’s another version of the iVotronic interface in which pressing the VOTE button is only the second to last step .
In those machines , pressing VOTE invokes an extra “ confirmation ” screen .
The vote is only actually finalized after a “ confirm vote ” box is touched on that screen .
( A different flash demo that shows this behavior with the version of the iVotronic equipped with a printer is available from ES&S here ) .
So the iVotronic VOTE button does n’t necessarily work the way a voter who read the standard instructions might expect it to .
The indictment describes a conspiracy to exploit this ambiguity in the iVotronic user interface by having pollworkers systematically ( and incorrectly ) tell voters that pressing the VOTE button is the last step .
When a misled voter would leave the machine with the extra “ confirm vote ” screen still displayed , a pollworker would quietly “ correct ” the not - yet - finalized ballot before casting it .
It ’s a pretty elegant attack , exploiting little more than a poorly designed , ambiguous user interface , printed instructions that conflict with actual machine behavior , and public unfamiliarity with equipment that most citizens use at most once or twice each year .
And once done , it leaves behind little forensic evidence to expose the deed .
Read the rest of Blaze ’s post for some good analysis on the attack and what it says about iVotronic .
He led the team that analyzed the security of that very machine :
We found numerous exploitable security weaknesses in these machines , many of which would make it easy for a corrupt voter , pollworker , or election official to tamper with election results ( see our report for details ) . [… ]
On the one hand , we might be comforted by the relatively “ low tech ” nature of the attack — no software modifications , altered electronic records , or buffer overflow exploits were involved , even though the machines are , in fact , quite vulnerable to such things .
But a close examination of the timeline in the indictment suggests that even these “ simple ” user interface exploits might well portend more technically sophisticated attacks sooner , rather than later .
Count 9 of the Kentucky indictment alleges that the Clay County officials first discovered and conspired to exploit the iVotronic “ confirm screen ” ambiguity around June 2004 .
But Kentucky did n’t get iVotronics until at the earliest late 2003 ; according to the state ’s 2003 HAVA Compliance Plan [ pdf ] , no Kentucky county used the machines as of mid-2003 .
That means that the officials involved in the conspiracy managed to discover and work out the operational details of the attack soon after first getting the machines , and were able to use it to alter votes in the next election . [… ]
But that ’s not the worst news in this story .
Even more unsettling is the fact that none of the published security analyses of the iVotronic — including the one we did at Penn — had noticed the user interface weakness .
The first people to have discovered this flaw , it seems , did n’t publish or report it .
Instead , they kept it to themselves and used it to steal votes .
Me on electronic voting machines , from 2004 .
Posted on March 24 , 2009 at 6:41 AM • 49 Comments
The essence of cheating is secrecy , so this DIY wooden Jenga pistol is going to be ineffective in that regard .
However , the ability to blast blocks cleanly from the tower does make the game more exciting .
Advertisement
This simple device uses rubber band action to snap a bolt through the pistol and into the block .
When done correctly , the block should fly out of the tower cleanly .
It may seem to make the game easier , but if you come in at a slight angle , or you place the gun too close to the tower , the structural failure could be catastrophic ( plus , Jenga becomes dangerous all of a sudden ) .
Still , this is how I would prefer to play the game — if you agree , complete instructions on how to build one yourself are available on the project page .
[ Jenga Pistol via Likecool ]
Published by Sierra Monica P. on February 8 , 2009 under Mobile
Dynamism introduced the new UMID M1 mini notebook computer powered by the low - power consuming Intel Atom processor .
This white slim computer optimized for Internet navigation weighs only 0.69 pounds and sports a 4.8 - inch touch - sensitive TFT LCD display of 1024 x 600 resolution .
It runs at 1.33GHz processing speeds and comes with up to 1.5 GB storage capacity , optional 16GB Solid State Drive , Wi-Fi G module , Bluetooth 2.0 wireless connectivity , and slots / ports for USIM , microSD card , miniUSB and a stereo earphone jack .
For enhanced online chatting it brings a built - in 1.3MP web camera and a 55 - key white QWERTY keyboard .
Future users can choose the operating system from Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition and Linux .
The UMID M1 measures just 150 x 94 x 18 mm and slips easily inside a purse .
Tags : laptop , mini
Ratings Results for the Week of March 22nd – The Trend is Downward
By John J. Joex
Another week of ratings numbers and pretty much no show received good news from the Nielsens ( except maybe The Mentalist , but who cares because arguably it should n’t even be included here ) .
So I will just do a quick show - by - show rundown .
As disastrous as the premiere of Kings was , the ratings for its second episode were even worse .
It ’s down at numbers you might expect from the CW , and I would n’t be surprised if NBC just yanked it from the schedule altogether .
NBC could find no solace in Monday nights either as it Science Fiction and Fantasy line - up of Chuck , Heroes , and Medium continued to perform poorly .
NBC still insists
Heroes will return for a fourth season , but the jury is still out on the other two .
On Tuesday night , Reaper actually improved its numbers by a tick , but considering it was the only original programming available on the networks during its hour with the other channels running Obama ’s news conference , I ’m not certain that is saying much .
On Wednesday , Lost continued to lose viewers as it hit a season ( and I believe series ) low in ratings for a new episode .
Sure , American Idol presents some pretty formidable competition , but I did n’t expect Lost to sink this low .
However , responses to our recent poll suggest that fans are still loving the show .
Life on Mars actually continued to improve its numbers a bit as it heads into its finale next week .
I guess a few more viewers are stopping by to see how the series wraps things up .
On Thursday , neither Smallville nor Supernatural has rebounded to the numbers they enjoyed earlier this season .
Apparently that break they took in February really drove people away , which is a shame because Supernatural is really hitting on all cylinders these days .
On Friday , The Sarah Connor Chronicles saw a slight improvement in total viewers , but nothing to get excited about .
Dollhouse , on the other hand , dropped two ticks in the 18 - 49 demographic from last week .
I ’ve resisted doing it so far , but after the continued downward trend I ’m bumping this one up to an “ Elevated ” Cancellation Alert .
Lastly , ABC ’s Cupid premieres this coming Tuesday , and even though I prefer not to give a show a Cancellation Alert status until at least one episode has aired , I ’m going ahead and putting this one at “ Elevated ” .
The show has received no love whatsoever from the alphabet network so far and seems almost assuredly destined for the scrapheap .
Ratings Results :
Title Day / Time ( EST ) Network Rating ( Viewers 18 - 49 ) Timeslot Rank Total Viewers ( Millions ) Jericho ( R ) Sunday / 7 PM CW 0.3 5th 0.87 Kings Sunday / 8 PM NBC 1.3 4th 4.58 Chuck * Monday / 8 PM NBC 2.1 4th 6.05 Heroes * Monday / 9 PM NBC 2.9 4th 6.48 Medium * Monday / 10 PM NBC 2.2 3rd 6.56 Reaper Tuesday / 8 PM CW 1.0 5th 2.48 The Mentalist Tuesday / 9 PM CBS 3.8 2nd 17.53 Fringe Tuesday / 9 PM FOX Returns Apr 7th n/a n/a Cupid Tuesday / 10 PM ABC Premieres Mar 31 n/a n/a Knight Rider Wednesday / 8 PM NBC Season Completed n/a n/a Lost * Wednesday / 9 PM ABC 4.0 2nd 8.82 Life on Mars Wednesday / 10 PM ABC 2.1 3rd 5.67 Smallville Thursday / 8 PM CW 1.5 5th 3.74 Supernatural Thursday / 9 PM CW 1.2 5th 3.17 Eleventh Hour Thursday / 10 PM CBS
Pre-emtped n/a n/a Ghost Whisperer Friday / 8 PM CBS
Pre-emtped n/a n/a The Sarah Connor Chronicles Friday / 8 PM FOX 1.3 4th 3.83 Dollhouse Friday / 9 PM FOX 1.3 3rd 3.87
Title % Chg from Prior Wk % Chg from Lead - In Cancell - ation Alert Jericho ( R ) 50.0 % n/a n/a Kings - 18.8 % n/a High Chuck * 61.5 % n/a Moderate Heroes * 163.6 % 38.1 % Low Medium * 69.2 % - 24.1 % Moderate Reaper 11.1 % n/a Medium The Mentalist 18.8 % - 2.6 % Low Fringe n/a n/a Low Cupid n/a n/a Elevated Knight Rider n/a n/a High Lost * - 4.8 % 110.5 % Low Life on Mars 5.0 % - 47.5 % Cancelled Smallville 7.1 % n/a Renewed Supernatural 0.0 % - 20.0 % Renewed Eleventh Hour n/a n/a Moderate Ghost Whisperer n/a n/a Low The Sarah Connor Chronicles 0.0 % n/a High Dollhouse - 13.3 % 0.0 % Elevated * Prior week ’s broadcast was a repeat airing .
The Timeslot Rank , and % Change from Prior Week and Lead - In columns are based on the rating in the 18 - 49 demographic .
The Cancellation Alert column is based on season to date performance and my assessment of how likely the network is to cancel the show .
TVbytheNumbers.com also provides their Renew / Cancel Index which tracks the likelihood of cancellation on a weekly basis .
Recent Posts From Axiom ’s Edge Science Fiction and Fantasy :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama plans to meet on Monday with Democratic and Republican congressional leaders to discuss their legislative agendas including how to jump - start the struggling U.S. economy , a congressional aide said on Thursday .
Obama will meet with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and then they will hold a second meeting with Republican leaders Rep. John Boehner and Sen.
Mitch McConnell , the aide said on the condition of anonymity .
The discussions will be the first opportunity for the bipartisan leadership to meet with the president - elect and they will cover other issues besides the economy , the aide said .
Obama transition officials declined to comment .
Obama officials have been discussing an economic stimulus bill in the range of $ 675 billion to $ 775 billion , though Republicans have expressed concerns that Democrats who control the House of Representatives and Senate could expand it to as much as $ 1 trillion .
Democrats in Congress are hoping to put a stimulus bill on Obama ’s desk by January 20 when he takes office , or shortly thereafter .
However , that could be difficult .
Boehner and McConnell earlier this week issued statements outlining their concerns , demanding extensive hearings and seeking tough scrutiny for what will be included in the spending plan .
Israel 's Foreign Minister , Tzipi Livni , last night launched a concerted final effort to become her nation 's first woman leader since Golda Meir , despite the rightwards shift in public opinion that has threatened to propel Benjamin Netanyahu back into the premiership .
The leader of the centrist Kadima party , who began the closing stages of her campaign with a rally for Druze Arab voters in Galilee last night , issued a direct personal challenge to Mr Netanyahu to agree to the television debate which he has consistently refused .
As polls showing the lead of Mr Netanyahu 's right - wing Likud party has narrowed to only two seats ahead of Kadima , Ms Livni 's campaign team believes she can overtake her rival by the time Israel goes to the polls on Tuesday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Netanyahu has emphasised the threats from Hamas and a nuclear Iran in his campaign .
Ms Livni , who strongly supported the recent invasion of Gaza , but has pledged to continue talks on a two - state solution with the moderate West Bank Palestinian leadership , said there was a public demand from potential leaders " to specify with which policies they plan to cope with the threats , and lead [ Israel ] to a better future of peace and quiet " .
Meanwhile the outgoing Kadima premier , Ehud Olmert , was making what the Defence Minister , Ehud Barak , said were " supreme efforts " to leave a positive legacy by securing the release of Gilad Shalit , the army corporal seized by Gaza militants in 2006 , before polling day .
Turkish TV reported on Friday that Turkish officials were holding talks in Damascus with exiled leaders of Hamas , which has been seeking a large - scale release of Palestinian prisoners in return .
At the same time Mr Barak , Labour 's prime ministerial candidate , told Channel 1 TV that Cpl Shalit was known to be " well , alive , breathing and OK " .
He added : " You know that I am a fierce critic of the Prime Minister , but in these matters , in these days , he is making a great effort , as am I ... in order to expedite the process . "
Whether the formidable obstacles to securing the release can be overcome remains to be seen , however .
A Hamas official , Osama al - Muzaini , said talks on the issue had so far made little progress because Israel " remained unwilling to pay the price " .
While Mr Barak warned the release of Cpl Shalit would require " painful decisions " – presumably on a prisoner exchange – the electoral effect , if it happened , would probably be to help Labour and Kadima at the expense of Likud and the increasingly popular Yisrael Beiteinu , led by the hard - right Avigdor Lieberman .
According to the polls , the main features of a relatively lacklustre election so far have been the Likud comeback under Mr Netanyahu from its three - decade low of just 12 Knesset seats in the 2006 election , and the seemingly relentless rise of Mr Lieberman , who could yet prove the kingmaker in forming a coalition after Tuesday .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Polls published on Friday – the last allowed before election day – showed Likud with 25 to 27 seats , just ahead of Kadima , with 23 to 25 .
Mr Lieberman 's party with 18 or 19 , which , if fulfilled in actual voting , would push the once - dominant Labour Party into fourth place .
Most analysts think the rightward shift has resulted from a combination of two factors .
One is Hamas 's continued control of Gaza .
The other is the stillbirth of the centrist programme under Mr Olmert of withdrawing from settlements and negotiating a peace deal with the moderate Palestinian leadership .
This was envisaged at the international Annapolis summit sponsored by President George Bush at the end of 2007 .
The change also reflects the widespread popularity among mainstream Israelis – despite the Palestinian death toll of more than 1,200 – of the three - week onslaught on Gaza .
This had long been urged by Mr Netanyahu .
Mr Lieberman , a harshly right - wing West Bank settler who wants Israeli Arabs to forfeit their citizenship rights if they fail to pledge loyalty to the Jewish state , was characterised on Friday by a leading Israeli columnist , Nahum Barnea , as " the scarecrow that panic - stricken Israelis want to place in the political cornfield in the hope that the Arabs are crows ... and take fright " .
At least in theory , Ms Livni could be asked by President Shimon Peres to try to form a coalition even if Kadima does not emerge as the biggest single party , especially if Ms Livni secures the support of Mr Lieberman as a potential coalition partner .
Like Ms Livni , Mr Lieberman is secular , and could baulk at a Netanyahu - led government which included ultra- orthodox parties such as Shas .
Nevertheless such a move by President Peres – while constitutional – would be unprecedented .
It would provoke furious charges from Likud , if it is the single biggest party , of being undemocratic .
For now Ms Livni will go all out to persuade the still - undecided fifth of the Israeli electorate that she is the only candidate to stop the polarising Mr Netanyahu .
Over coffee in one of the few downtown Jerusalem cafes open on the Jewish sabbath , Maya Ayvo , 35 , and her husband Ezer , 38 , described yesterday how 15 of their mainstream middle - class family members had discussed their " confusion " over how to vote at the traditional Friday night meal the previous evening .
While most did not want to vote for Mr Netanyahu or Mr Lieberman , said Mrs Ayvo , " they like Tzipi Livni , but are not sure about her party ; others like the Labour Party , but are not sure about Barak " .
Mrs Ayvo said she had been toying with voting Green , as she did in 2006 , or the left - wing Zionist party Meretz , but that she had now come down in favour of Ms Livni .
This was partly because she was a woman , but " I feel that this time I have to be responsible and not vote for a smaller party , because this election is so important " .
She said that she would be very disappointed if Ms Livni included Mr Lieberman in a coalition .
Her husband , who voted for the small Pensioners '
Party in the last election because he was fed up with the larger parties , said he had not yet made up his mind , but might vote for Ms Livni .
Like his wife , he supported the war in Gaza .
" I was n't happy about it , but I think it was very necessary , " he said .
Meanwhile , over bacon , beer and coffee at another cafe , in the city 's German Colony district , what was for Jerusalem an unusually leftist and secular group was debating the respective merits of the left - of - centre parties .
Most were Jewish , but the group included a Christian Palestinian lawyer , Daoud Khoury .
He and a Jewish friend , Moshe Simchovich , supported the communist Arab - Jewish party Hadash .
But Rachel , a 58 - year - old teacher who asked for her family name not to be used because of her public servant status , said she would be voting for the newly combined Greens and Meimad party , led by the liberal and popular Knesset education committee chairman , Rabbi Michael Melchior .
" The reason that Lieberman is doing so well is because of the one - sided media coverage of the war in Gaza , " she said .
Israel 's four contenders for power
Tzipi Livni , 50
Foreign Minister and Kadima leader .
Protégée of Ariel Sharon who was briefly a Mossad agent in her youth .
Has staked her appeal on a cleaner politics and talks with the moderate West Bank Palestinian leadership over a two - state solution .
Like Barak , has not ruled out military option on Iran .
A hawk on Gaza , publicly opposed to idea of a negotiated end to the Gaza war , saying Israel 's role is to " fight terror " not to talk to its perpetrators .
Ehud Barak , 66
Defence Minister and Labour leader .
Prime Minister 1999 - 2001 and a much - decorated ex-military chief of staff .
He went further than predecessors towards a two - state solution but blamed Yasser Arafat for the collapse of the Camp David talks .
Favours an Egyptian - brokered ceasefire with Hamas if possible and was quicker than PM Ehud Olmert and Livni in seeking halt to Gaza operation .
More sceptical than either about negotiations with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
Benjamin Netanyahu , 59
Leader of main right - wing opposition , Likud .
Prime Minister 1996 - 99 .
Strong opponent of Oslo accords and 2005 withdrawal from Gaza , over which he resigned from Sharon government .
Says Gaza military operation not complete and that Hamas regime must be ended .
Against territorial concessions to Palestinians and says Iran must " not be armed with a nuclear weapon " .
Says options " include everything that is necessary to make this statement come true " .
Avigdor Lieberman , 50
Leader of Yisrael Beiteinu , secular hard - right party .
Moldovan - born immigrant who wants Israeli Arabs to pledge loyalty to the Jewish state or lose the vote .
Wants borders redrawn – unacceptable even to moderate Palestinians – to put more than 100,000 Israeli Arabs in future Palestinian state .
Has faced corruption allegations .
Israel may have to act militarily alone in Iran " in worst - case scenario " .
Has suggested treating Gaza as Russia did Chechnya .
Listen to the call :
Or download the MP3 .
CLEVELAND — A 20 - year - old Cleveland man who called 9 - 1 - 1 Saturday night for help talked his way into City jail , police said .
He told a dispatcher that two men with guns were watching him about 10:40 p.m. near West 44th and Clark Avenue and hung up .
The dispatcher called him back to get a description of the suspects .
During the call , the man asked the dispatcher to hold on and made a drug deal , police said .
" What you need ?
A 10 - pack ?
A 10 - pack , alright , " a voice can be heard saying on a recording of the call .
He said the cost was $ 75 .
A 10 - pack is slang for a bundle of heroin .
The dispatcher redirected police to the caller .
" He 's in front of the Pit Stop selling drugs it seems like , " the dispatcher tells officers .
Patrolmen Edward Lentz , James Skernivitz and James Simone found the man crossing the street but did n't find the gunmen .
The officers found crack cocaine in his pants .
The man did n't have any identification .
So the officers had the dispatcher call the number the man used to call for help .
The man 's phone rang .
Simone believes the man expected the gunmen to rob him and steal the drugs .
Dope dealers do n't often call the police , he said .
" He asked for help , " Simone said , laughing .
" We came and arrested him .
It 's amazing . "
The man had not been charged Monday night and was being held in the City Jail .
Update : Alejandro Melendez charged with possession .
Posted on March 13 , 2009 in Videos
Later that day , Henry Waxman ( possibly the ugliest human being I ’ve seen in my life ) , would be at the center of a circle jerk at AIPAC .
And yes , Diane Feinstein was railing him from behind with a strap - on .
See Also :
If an appointee falls and there ’s no msm , is it still a scandal ? , Israel lobby shoots down Charles Freeman , Aipac ’s Josh Block Actively Sought to Torpedo Freeman , A New Low for The Nation , The Freeman Case and US Foreign Policy : Do n’t Say “ Israel ” .
Or “ Lobby ” , Obama Caves to Israel Lobby , “ The Israel Lobby ” , and Traitor Steve Rosen is a piece of work .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The job market continued to take a beating Tuesday , as six companies across several industries announced more than 11,500 job cuts Tuesday .
The huge number of job cuts pales only in comparison to Monday 's statistics : seven companies issued job cut announcements totaling more than 71,400 layoffs .
In January alone , companies have announced more 211,500 job cuts .
High - tech glass and ceramics maker Corning Inc. ( GLW , Fortune 500 ) announced it will cut 3,500 jobs , or 13 % of the company 's workforce , by the end of 2009 .
The company said its restructuring efforts will save the company between $ 150 million and $ 200 million a year .
At the close of trading Tuesday , Corning shares remained flat at $ 9.99 .
Meanwhile , oil field services company Baker Hughes ( BHI , Fortune 500 ) announced it will cut 1,500 employees worldwide .
That 's about 4 % of its work force , and 850 of the cuts will be from the company 's North American work force .
A Baker Hughes spokesman said the cuts are necessary because of the poor economy and credit crisis - plus , productivity from drilling rigs has fallen 25 % since September 's peak .
The recent pullback in oil and gas demand in North America has hit the company hard , as the continent accounts for about 42 % of revenue .
Baker Hughes is scheduled to report fourth - quarter and full - year 2008 earnings on Wednesday .
The company 's stock remained flat , closing at $ 32.77 .
And Navistar International Corp. ( NAV ) said it will close its Indianapolis engine plant and Indianapolis Casting Corporation factory at the end of July .
About 700 employees will lose their jobs as a result , a Navistar spokesperson said .
Meanwhile , specialty chemicals and office products company Avery Dennison ( AVY , Fortune 500 ) announced it will cut approximately 3,600 employees worldwide over the next two years " in response to challenging economic conditions . "
Details were unclear , as the plan is still in development .
Navistar 's stock closed up 4.56 % , to $ 28.66 .
Volvo Trucks North America announced permanent layoffs of 650 hourly employees in March and April at its plant in Dublin , Va .
A spokesman said declining demand caused the 40 % workforce reduction at the plant .
The company laid off about 1,000 workers at the plant last May , and it had planned weeklong shutdowns during the first three months of 2009 in an effort to avoid additional job cuts .
Forest product company Weyerhaeuser ( WY , Fortune 500 ) announced it will close two mills in Washington and cut approximately 220 jobs " due to weak market conditions . "
The company said 25 salaried positions and 196 hourly positions will be cut .
Weyerhaeuser 's shares closed at $ 28.71 , up 2.32 %
Target ( TGT , Fortune 500 ) , the second - largest U.S. discounter after Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) , announced 1,500 job cuts .
The Work force reduction affects 9 % of employees at its headquarters , including the elimination of about 600 employees and 400 open positions , primarily in the Twin Cities area .
The majority of those changes are effective today .
Target also announced it will close its Little Rock , Ark. , distribution center , which currently employs 500 people , later this year .
Target shares remained flat , at $ 33.34 .
Once again , the nation of Pakistan has found itself in what many commentators are calling a national crisis .
This time around , the civilian government of Asif Ali Zardari was forced to keep one of his party ’s election promises — reinstating Chief Justice Chaudhury ( who had been summarily dismissed by General Musharraf in 2007 — a move which precipitated Muharraf ’s downfall ) .
This reinstatement was the result of a popular movement spearheaded by lawyers and other elements of the religious and secular opposition .
One element of the secular opposition is the Labour Party of Pakistan ( LPP ) , a democratic socialist organization launched in 1997 from various elements of the Pakistani Left .
In 2007 , after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto , I communicated with Farooq Tariq , the secretary general of the LPP .
After the recent events , I got back in touch with him .
What follows is an exchange conducted the past couple of days ( March 16 - 17 , 2009 ) between myself and Mr. Tariq .
Ron Jacobs : Hello Tariq .
To begin , can you give the readers an idea of what is transpiring in Pakistan ?
In your description , can you identify the parties and prominent individuals involved ?
Farooq Tariq :
What is transpiring in Pakistan is mass power .
A real sense of victory after the restoration of the chief justice Iftikhar Choudry is one of the main features of this movement .
It will be difficult for any government in the future here in Pakistan not to implement what was promised .
The Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) was forced to accept a demand only and only with the emergence of mass power in the streets .
It is a victory of the people against the traditional power brokers of Pakistan .
It is a victory of hope against cynicism .
There were many saying that Iftikhar Choudry would never be reinstated because President Zardari will never change his mind .
The sheer expression of mass uprising frightened all the major actors of the movement .
They rushed to accept the initial demand of restoration even before the long march reached Islamabad .
Had it ( the long march ) not been called off by the lawyers ’ leaders after the acceptance of the first demand , the list of demands would ( probably ) have been expanded from the political to the economic area .
This movement showed that the people of Pakistan can make a difference .
Pakistan has changed and changed for ever .
The Long March of the lawyer ’s movement proved that a consistent struggle and militant actions can be fruitful .
The tactics and strategy of the lawyers movement were a combination of the united mass action of political parties and civil society organizations and a successful propaganda campaign through the electronic and print media .
Had the lawyers movement gone alone , they could not have won the battle .
The main political parties that were in the forefront of this struggle are Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz , Tehreek Insaaf , Jamaat Islami , Pukhtoonkhawa Mili Awami Party , Awami Tehreek , National Party , Labour Party Pakistan , Khaksar Tehreek , Baluchistan National Party , Sindh Taraqi Pasand Party , National Workers Party , Communist Mazdoor Kissan Party and a majority of Pakistan social organizations .
Of these Jamaat Islami is a religious party and rest are Left , liberal and progressive parties .
Anyhow , the most consistent political parties that were part of the lawyers movement since it started on 9 March 2007 are Tehreek Insaf of Imran Khan , an emerging party of the middle classes , Jamaat Islami , a religious fundamentalist party and the Labour Party of Pakistan ( LPP ) , a socialist party .
The rest of the parties were of and are part of the movement .
The most prominent figures of the lawyers movement were Ali Ahmad Kurd , president Supreme Court Bar Association ( SCBA ) , and three SCBA presidents including Aitezaz Ahsan , Hamid Khan and Munir A Malik .
They were all arrested but stood firm .
From the political parties , Imran Khan , a former Pakistan cricket team captain has emerged as the most popular personality of the movement .
His party was not very well known or active by movement standards , but because of the participation of Tehreek Insaaf ( Justice Party ) in this movement , it has become a household name in Pakistan .
From the Left parties , Labour Party Pakistan has gained to some extent .
Also , the LPP is now better nationally known with a very militant position .
The party that got the most advantage from this movement is the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz ( PMLN ) .
It won the February election arguing for the reinstatement of the top judges .
It used clever tactics after the elections .
It left the Alliance at the Center with PPP on this question .
The PMLN leaders and the Sharif brothers made very radical speeches before and during the long march .
The party ( PMLN ) was ready to take risks and loose the provincial government in Punjab on the issue .
If there was an election today , this right wing bourgeoisie party would have a national land slide victory .
RJ : Does your party ( the Labour Party of Pakistan ) support any of the figures involved ?
If so why ?
If not , why ?
FT : LPP supported the leaders of the lawyer ’s movement all the time but with a critical attitude .
Our literature produced during the movement helped to expand the nature of the movement .
Our first poster read , “ on the footsteps of the lawyers , till the end of dictatorship ” .
We linked the restoration of the judges with the end of military dictatorship .
We saw the potential of this movement to expand on a national level from the very beginning .
We supported them because the nature of the movement was very progressive .
It was not a religious movement of any kind although the religious parties tried to take it over .
However , the demand of an independent judiciary could never be termed as an Islamic demand .
We supported them ( the movement ) because it was producing an anti-militarist political tendency among a significant section of the middle class and was producing a new layer of young political activists who were not religious fundamentalist .
We helped the movement and the movement helped the Left ideas to grow in both the political and organizational arenas .
Those who were associated with the lawyers movement got a national identity and were heard everywhere .
RJ : Do the events occurring in Pakistan open an avenue for the Left ?
Will the PPP cease to exist as a party or will it return closer to its leftist roots ?
FT : It is a very complex political situation .
The ideas of religious fundamentalism have a natural ally here .
That ally is the presence of the NATO forces in Afghanistan .
The objective situation is very favorable for the right wing ideas to grow .
The nature of the Pakistan state is another help to them .
( After all )
It is the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and not a people ’s republic .
Yet , the ideas of the Left are growing as well .
Our help from the international scene comes from the development of Left governments in Latin America and social movements in the advanced capitalist countries .
Internally , we are growing because of our tactics of helping and developing the mass movements of the workers , peasant women and the lawyers .
The association with the movement is a key to our recent growth .
Over 5000 have joined the Labour Party during our “ peoples contact movement ( drive ) ” in December and January 2009 .
Incidentally , our best growth was in North West Frontier Province , where over 2000 have joined during this time .
But our most stable basis is still the trade unions and peasant organizations .
We have not left our work in this class base to join the lawyer ’s movement .
It was possible for our comrades in Faisalabad , the third largest city of Pakistan , to lead over 100,000 against the shortages of electricity in January 2009 .
Twenty of them were arrested on 14 March 2009 and we had given a call for a general strike on 16 March , the day lawyers won .
I was told by the comrade that the call has been supported by the traders as well .
It would have been a total success if the lawyer ’s movement would have continued on the day ( March 16 ) .
The success of the lawyer ’s movement has opened a new avenue for the growth of Left ideas .
For the first time , we are witnessing the educated youth joining our party .
Earlier , we were a handful of comrades within the party who had university degrees .
The PPP is the main loser of this whole episode .
It has politically moved much towards the right since it came in power a year ago .
It has tried to implement the neo-liberal agenda that was initiated by General Musharraf .
It is seen as a party allowing the American imperialists to attack Pakistan directly without any state resistance .
It failed to implement the promises of reinstatement of the judges despite written agreements three times .
The leader Asif Zardari is probably the most hated politician among the mainstream leaders .
He is seen as a liar , deceiver , swindler , trickster , charlatan , quack and cheater .
A day after the reinstatement of the top judges , he made a statement that he wanted to reinstate the judges .
This was after he was seen as the main hurdle in the path of reinstatement .
The PPP is distributing sweets all over Pakistan after the reinstatement claiming that they have fulfilled the promise of Benazir Bhutto .
Yet for over eight months , their entire leadership was arguing that Benazir Bhutto never promised to reinstate them .
They were saying that Iftikhar Choudry is a politicized judge .
Their argument was that he should take a new oath like some other judges have taken .
They were making a point that Iftikhar Choudry is just one person .
They were using all sorts of arguments against the judges in all the television and print media debates .
Yet only a day later ( after the reinstatement ) , they wanted the Pakistani people to believe that it was the PPP who had reinstated and fulfilled a promise of Benazir Bhutto .
They believe the memory of the people is very short .
They believe that we should forget our jails , arrests , tortures , ungrounded life , the barricades in the road to stop the long march and whatever else .
The PPP leaders have become real hypocrites .
The party is not finished but is losing its support rapidly .
It will remain as a major party unless another party replaces them with a revolutionary programme .
The PMLN can never replace the PPP .
It can win an election for the time being but it can never have the permanent support of the people because the nature of PMLN is almost the same as PPP .
Both are right wing bourgeoisie parties with populist appeal at some times .
There is no possibility of the PPP taking a Left route .
The reason is very simple , PPP leadership from top to bottom is committed to power and to ( certain ) people .
They have proved again and again that they will serve the interests of the ruling class and imperialism and are not for the ( majority of ) the people .
They have even abandoned the gesture of leftist ideas .
It will remain in the political scene as a party of the capitalists and feudalists .
All the time it is losing support .
Benazir Bhutto ’s death gave it a breathing space but that is lost already .
RJ : What about the conflicts in Swat and other parts of the Northwest Frontier Province ( NWFP ) ?
How are they affected by what occurs in Islamabad ?
FT : In Swat , the government signed a surrender pact with the religious fundamentalists .
Under their pressure , so - called Sharia courts have been established and the normal judicial structure has ceased to exist at present .
It is a victory of the extreme religious fundamentalists in the area .
They now control at least major parts of NWFP including the Malakanad division .
There is a peace in Swat at present at the cost of abandoning all sort of normal democratic institutions and ideas .
The public girls schools are now open with a totally different character .
They have become the public Madrassa .
The girls have to read what the student girls are reading in ( mosque - run ) Madrassa .
The Islamabad answer to all this is to accept the Predator drone attacks by the Americans .
On one side , they are signing surrender agreements with religious forces and on the other side ( they are ) helping American imperialism to fashion their air attacks .
This entire situation is paving the way for the growth of extreme religious ideas in all parts of the NWFP .
The government of the Awami National Party is unable to mobilize the mass support they had enjoyed only one year earlier on the question of peace in the region .
The religious fanatics got less than three percent of the votes in the February 2009 general elections as compared to 15 percent in 2002 .
The Islamabad government seems paralyzed in this situation .
They are waiting for miracles to happen .
They are still acting like it is “ business as usual ” .
There is no thought out strategy by Islamabad to handle the conflict with religious forces .
RJ : From your perspective , what role do you think Washington is playing in the struggle between the forces represented by Mr. Zardari and Mr. Sharif ?
FT : Washington is trying to bring them together and asking them to resolve their conflicts .
The American ambassador in Pakistan is very busy between Raiwind , the residence of Nawaz Sharif , and Islamabad .
They are asking both sides to come together to fight effectively the “ war on terror ” .
They always frighten both of them as to the consequences of the conflict between them .
The best option ( as Washington sees it , would be ) that the both should form an alliance at ( the ) center and in other areas .
Nawaz Sharif has been saying all the time that he was forced to go for the Long March .
It was not his choice .
He did not want the masses to come on the roads but the sheer bull - headedness of Zardari forced them to this situation .
The feudal ego of Zardari has meant that the Sharif brothers are out of power for the time being .
A day after the success of the movement , Nawaz Sharif told his supporters to behave and that he respects Zardari and Gilani of the PPP .
His brother Shahbaz Sharif told a television that those who make a mistake in the morning and then come back home in the evening must be forgiven .
RJ : The last time I spoke with you ( November 2007 ) , I asked the following questions .
I am hoping you can respond to them with your country ’s history since that time in mind :
What , in your opinion , is the cause of the unrest in Pakistan ?
How much of a role do religious extremists play ?
How much of a role does the Army play ?
FT : There are multiple reasons for the constant unrest in Pakistan .
The foremost reason is the inability of the ruling classes in Pakistan to solve all the basic problems faced by the masses .
There exists a feudalistic relationship and land is not distributed to peasants .
This brings a very feudal culture and atmosphere in Pakistan .
Both the main bourgeois parties , PPP and PMLN , do not speak about it anymore .
The major parts of the main leadership in both parties are from the feudal class .
They use the ownership of land for political purposes and to win the elections .
Sixty - one years of independence have brought no real independence for the majority of the people .
This is the real crisis of leadership in Pakistan .
Both main parties rely on the military generals .
Even in this ( most recent ) crisis over the days from 12 - 16 March 2009 , the army chief was mediating between the president , prime minister and the Nawaz brothers .
The Nawaz brothers ( said they ) were very thankful to the “ positive ” role of the army chief .
The failure of reformist parties like the PPP paved the way for the growth of religious extremism .
The extremists were and are supported by a major section of the army .
It is a very complex relationship between the rich , the army and religious extremists .
It changes and adjusts all the time .
9/11 made an indispensable difference to this relationship .
The fact is that the support of the ruling class for religious extremism is not open as was the case in the past , but the presence of the American forces in the region has given a real momentum for the growth of the religious fundamentalists .
The military is out of power in public but not in real terms .
No military general has faced any truth commission after their unconstitutional rule .
General Musharraf was given a guard of honor when he resigned on 17 August 2008 .
He still lives in an army house and enjoys all the privileges .
The military power in the budget allocated to “ defense ” , is a defense of the ruling class in real terms .
Over 30 percent of national income goes to defense budget .
The whole society is militarized .
( There are ) a lot of weapons everywhere and it is not decreasing .
RJ : Mr. Sharif was quoted after the crackdown by Pakistani police failed to stop the protests earlier this week as saying what happened was the “ beginning of a revolution . ”
Is this true ?
If so , would it be a revolution for the majority of the Pakistani people or merely the elites who seem to take turns ruling the country ?
FT : Mr. Sharif has used the words of revolution , rebellion and upsurge several times after his government dissolved in Punjab and governor rule was imposed .
He told a gathering that he is flying a flag of revolution and to side with him .
His brother Shahbaz Sharif has recited Jalib and Faiz Ahmad Fiaz several times in public– both poets are known for their revolutionary poems all over Pakistan .
The word revolution to Nawaz Sharif means nothing and only comes out of his mouth when he is in the opposition .
The revolution means for them , their power and that is it .
The Nawaz brothers economic priorities are absolutely the same as those of the PPP .
They both are for the neo-liberal agenda and both are happy to work with American imperialism .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Civilians in Gaza are in an increasingly precarious situation , with their homes too dangerous to shelter in and nowhere to run to , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Monday .
“ No place is safe in Gaza these days , ” Antoine Grand , the head of the ICRC in Gaza , told Reuters in an interview .
“ There is no place for the civilians .
They are afraid to stay home , they are afraid to move , they are afraid to go down the street or to try to buy some food . ”
Unlike other conflict zones , civilians in Gaza have nowhere to escape to because the coastal territory is ringed by Israeli land and sea forces on all sides .
Grand said the Swiss - based ICRC , which rarely comments on ongoing conflicts so as not to damage its neutrality , had been fired on twice in recent days as its convoys tried to carry out humanitarian work in the Gaza Strip .
“ It is extremely dangerous to be in Gaza and also as a humanitarian organization to work in Gaza , ” he said .
“ The ICRC is trying to escort ambulances into conflict areas where there are wounded , so it is very dangerous and we have to have a coordination mechanism with the Israelis . ”
Israel showed no let up in its 17 - day air - and - ground offensive against Hamas Monday .
Israeli tanks pressed in on the city of Gaza from the north and south , and aircraft carried out further strikes on targets across the 40 - km ( 24 mile ) strip of land that is home to 1.5 million people .
More than 900 Palestinians have been killed in the offensive , including around 380 civilians , according to Palestinian medical officials .
Thirteen Israelis have been killed : 10 soldiers and three civilians hit by rockets .
Grand said the ICRC had not been able to establish its own figure for Palestinian casualties as the situation on the ground was too difficult .
Despite the sustained bombing , he said the ICRC would not be pulling out .
“ All of us in the Red Cross , like the rest of the population , are under a heavy stress but we have a mandate to carry on , even if what we do is actually nothing compared to the needs , ” he said .
by Mark Soifer
My grandmother sailed from Russia in a cattle boat cradling her infant son , Joseph .
She was not an admirer of the Czar .
My grandfather followed soon after deserting the army and crossing the continent on foot .
The family settled in Chester , Pennsylvania , an industrial town on the Delaware River near Philadelphia .
My grandfather died of exposure to chemicals at the Congoleum plant leaving four sons with a sturdy , plain speaking , fearless peasant girl , my grandmother .
Every one called her Baila .
Baila became involved in the trade union movement of the “ Twenties ” partly because of her fervent allegiance to the newly born Soviet Union , “ The Dictatorship of the Proletariat ” and also because of her distrust for fat , industrialists grasping money bags and stomping on helpless workers as depicted on the editorial pages of “ The Masses . ”
I remember the tall , rumpled union organizer who came to her home for shelter and encouragement .
I remember the home cooked dinners at the Ukrainian Hall to raise money for the down trodden in Spain .
I remember the calendar with a drawing by Rockwell Kent showing a marberlized workingman the size of Paul Bunyan brandishing a red flag with the letters , IWW “ International Workers of the World . ”
When there was a bloody strike at the shipyard , Baila climbed a fence and urged workers not to give into the “ goons ” who surrounded them with clubs .
The strike breakers backed off .
They were no match for the ferocious lady from Kiev.
Following Sunday dinner , which she prepared with the same gusto that boxers attack a punching bag , the talk was inevitably political .
Among the despised , political demons were Father Coughlin , a right wing priest and Martin Dies , chairman of the House Un- American Activities Committee .
For men of this ilk , Baila reserved the ultimate epithet .
They were “ No good Sonofabitch , Trotskyite Bastards . ”
I listened to my grandmother growl out the phrase for years before learning that Trotsky was an outcast of the Revolution , fleeing to Mexico following a Kremlin power struggle .
Whatever Leon Trotsky ’s philosophy , it certainly was not aligned with my grandmother ’s philosophy or that of “ The Daily Worker . ”
Among the “ No Good , Sonofabitch Trotskyite Bastards ” not already mentioned were General Francisco Franco , J. Edgar Hoover , Mr. Pew , owner of the shipyard , Drew Pearson , when his column did n’t agree with the Party Line and any member of the Ku Klux Klan .
My instincts have often told me that this relentless and memorable phrase is one of the great poetic epithets of the 20th Century and deserves to be noted in the appropriate literary encyclopedia .
I enjoy repeating it often , almost unconsciously as a reminder , I guess , of the inventiveness of Baila , my tiny , lion - hearted grandmother .
Some years ago , my daughter was hospitalized for a long period to correct a chemical imbalance .
My wife and I were distraught as the doctors worked to find the correct doses of medication to make things right again .
One night , after a trip to the hospital , I thought about my sturdy little grandmother and how she might react to the illness of a loved one .
I walked into the backyard and created a contemporary demon of the sickness so that I might face it fearlessly and let it know once and for all who was boss .
“ You No Good , Sonofabitch Trotskyite Bastard , YOU NO GOOD SONOFABITCH TROTSKYITE BASTARD ! ” I repeated .
Four days later my daughter was home .
Mark Soifer , one of the nation ' seading publicists , is director of special events and promotion for Ocean City , N.J .
His work has brought national media to the resort city to report about the annual Doo -Dah parade , the Miss Crustacean Contest , Martin Z. Mollusk Day ( where a hermit crab checks his shadow to determine if summer is coming early ) , and numerable other suntime fun events .
Soifer played varsity baseball at Temple University , and was in the Army prior to going into publicity .
His poems have also been published in several major national publications .
Legalisierung bezeichnet die vollständige Aufhebung eines Verbots , nicht aber eine Entkriminalisierung , d. h. die Herabstufung einer Straftat zur Ordnungswidrigkeit mit der Folge , dass das bislang als „ illegal “ Bewertete als „ irregulär “ gilt .
Siehe auch : Legalisierung von Drogen Legalisierung Legalisation
Updated Half of the charges made against the four men behind the notorious file - sharing website The Pirate Bay have been sensationally dropped on day two of the trial .
Prosecutor Håkan Roswall made the surprise move this morning , according to reports on The Local and TorrentFreak .
He has amended the charges against Carl Lundström , Peter Sunde , Frederik Neij and Gottfrid Svartholm Warg by removing all mention of " complicity in the production of copyrighted material " from the charge sheet filed with the district court in Stockholm , Sweden .
The new charges will be changed simply to read “ complicity to make ( copyrighted material ) available ” , thereby limiting it to the production of the actual torrent file and the resultant hard or soft copy of it .
Defence lawyer Per Samuelsson described the amendment as “ a sensation " .
" It is very rare that you win half the case after one and a half days and it is clear that the prosecutor has been deeply affected by what we said yesterday , " he said .
Samuelsson also claimed that Roswall “ has not really understood ” the BitTorrent technology used by The Pirate Bay .
The prosecutor reportedly used media evidence that included Harry Potter , Syriana and Walk the Line downloads in court yesterday .
According to TorrentFreak , Roswall was forced to amend the charges today after failing to prove that the torrent files had used The Pirate Bay 's tracker .
The Register asked the Stockholm district court if it can confirm Roswall ’s amendment to the charge sheet , but at time of writing it had n’t responded to our request . ®
Update
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry has issued a statement in which it downplayed the significance of Roswall 's amendments to the charges against the four men in the Pirate Bay case .
It confirmed that the prosecutor had removed the charges relating to " copying , as opposed to making available , copyrighted works . "
The IFPI 's legal counsel Peter Danowsky said : “ It ’s a largely technical issue that changes nothing in terms of our compensation claims and has no bearing whatsoever on the main case against The Pirate Bay .
" In fact it simplifies the prosecutor ’s case by allowing him to focus on the main issue , which is the making available of copyrighted works . "
You might not have time for breakfast before getting on the 8:15 train to work , but you can regain part of the experience by making virtual bacon and coffee en route to the office .
Advertisement
Cooking Mama on the iPhone looks graphically similar to the Nintendo DS iterations , except that you only have one screen , and now you use your finger to control the action ( notice the control overlay ) .
Offworld 's Brandon Boyer was generally impressed with the game , proudly pointing out his Gyoza - making skill .
If you want to try it out for yourself , it 's available now in the App Store for $ 7 . [ iTunes via Offworld ]
An undersea volcano that has been erupting for days near Tonga – shooting smoke , steam and ash thousands of feet into the sky – is to be studied by scientists .
Officials said the eruption did not pose any danger to islanders at this stage , and there have been no reports of fish or other animals being affected .
Spectacular columns are spewing out of the sea west of the islands of Hunga Tonga and Hunga Ha'apai in an area where up to 36 undersea volcanoes are clustered , geologists said .
The eruption was visible from Nuku'alofa , the Tongan capital , but trade winds continued to blow gas and steam away from the island yesterday .
The deputy police commander , Taniela Faletau , said coastal villages close to the site of the eruption were not yet at risk .
Police were waiting for a team of officials and scientists to survey the area before taking any action .
Coastal residents said the steam and ash column first appeared on Monday morning following a series of sharp earthquakes .
Tonga , a 170 - island archipelago about halfway between Australia and Tahiti , is part of the Pacific " ring of fire " – an arc of earthquake and volcanic zones stretching from Chile through Alaska and down through Vanuatu to Tonga .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A powerful magnitude 7.9 earthquake struck 132 miles south - east of Nuku'alofa , Tonga , yesterday , generating a tsunami .
However there were no reports of damage or of sea levels rising and the tsunami warning was later cancelled .
Features , Browse > Home Food / 9 Top Cities , 9 Top Irish Pubs
9 Top Cities , 9 Top Irish Pubs
The Irish have contributed quite a bit to civilization .
One way to celebrate their achievements is to visit an Irish - themed pub .
These watering holes are scattered throughout the world .
Enduring Wanderlust has put together nine of the best Irish - themed pubs in nine of the best cities .
1. McSorley ’s Old Ale House ( New York City )
Established seven years before the American Civil War , McSorley ’s Old Ale House prides itself on being the oldest continually - operated bar in New York City .
McSorley ’s even managed to continue serving beer during Prohibition .
It , remarkably , counts Abraham Lincoln among its former patrons .
One of the fascinating aspects of visiting the Ale House is seeing the wishbones above the bar ( photo below ) , which were left by men leaving for World War I .
It has been said that the remaining bones are from soldiers who never returned .
For women , it will be a surreal experience as McSorley ’s only started allowing women to enter since the Supreme Court forced their hand in 1970 .
Yes , 1970 .
The Ale House built its first ladies room in 1986 .
Men and women alike must be ready to drink either McSorley ’s Light or McSorley ’s Dark , as they are the only options .
McSorley ’s , New York City © Laughing Squid
2. O’Neill ’s Islington ( London )
O’Neill ’s is an Irish bar with a great atmosphere .
It provides for a combination of beer starring Guinness and Smithwick ’s Irish Red Ale and Irish fare that will have any visitor feeling the luck of the Irish .
Along with serving delectable Irish breakfast all day , O’Neill ’s has a bunch of unique choices including Irish stew crock - pot , vegetarian sausages with colcannon , and Limerick ham with Irish cheddar quiche .
With live music and numerous large screens that feature sporting events , there is plenty of entertainment for O’Neill ’s patrons .
Do note that the heated outdoor courtyard is often filled with rugby and football fans during game time .
3. The Snug ( Boston )
The Snug has the feel of a pub with plenty of restaurant amenities .
Located in Hingham , it has been awarded Best Irish Pub .
The Snug ’s menu includes crowd favors including succulent French toast , New England clam chowder , and Ellen ’s Homemade Shepard ’s Pie .
It adds live music four days a week starring The Bobby ‘ O Boys , Mark Purcell , and The Red Liners among others .
4. The Irish Embassy ( Toronto )
The Irish Embassy was created within an old bank building in 1873 .
It is an upscale bar located in Toronto ’s Financial District .
It ’s often filled with passionate Maple Leafs or Raptors fans waiting for the game or individuals looking to relax after work .
As with many of the pubs on the list , The Irish Embassy has exceptional homemade food to go along with its impressive selection of drinks .
Try a few patron favorites such as Jameson chicken liver pate , traditional Irish stew , and Kilkenny battered haddock .
Guinness Beer © Peter Baker
5. Galway Arms ( Chicago )
Galway Arms , located in the heart of Lincoln Park , has an extensive menu filled with Irish goodies to go along with lots of choices from the tap .
Locals love their daily special such as “ Everyday Chicken Pot Pie ” Monday and “ All - You - Can - Eat Fish & Chips ” Tuesday .
The Arms has been adding to their crowds with live Irish bands and its patio for the summer months along with a sit - down dinner option in their restaurant area .
6 . The Brazen Head ( Dublin )
No better place to relax with a pint of Guinness than Dublin .
The Brazen Head states that it was the first on the pub scene dating back to 1198 .
True or not ,
The Brazen Head has plenty of history within its doors to go along with being a top music venue for Irish tunes .
Their weekend line - up currently features lives tunes by Rafferty , The Rye River Band and The Brazen Hussies .
Add to that their award - winning restaurant , specializing in Irish stew and seafood , and The Brazen Head was enough to make even James Joyce take notice .
7. Kildare ’s Irish Pub ( Philadelphia Area )
Kildare ’s Irish Pub prides itself on being authentic .
For a few of their locations , 40 - foot containers filled with Irish artifact were shipped to the United States to recreate an Irish pub scene .
If authentic was their goal then Kildare was successful .
It has glasses of stout flowing and an extensive menu that would please anyone looking for a taste of Ireland .
Try the traditional bangers and mash with Irish style sausage over a bed of mashed potatoes or the Guinness beef stew with vegetables simmered in the rich beer .
St. Patrick ’s Day Parade © R0sss
8. Durty Nelly ’s ( Sydney )
Durty Nelly ’s has a relaxed atmosphere with prints imported from the National Gallery of Ireland to help emanate the feeling of Erin Go Bragh .
Pouring its first brew as early as 1854 , Durty Nelly ’s has plenty of history and tradition to go along with its fresh beer and tasty cuisine .
When munching in the bar , try the black pudding with bacon baguette or the soup of the day with homemade soda bread .
Consider their sit - down restaurant too with its seasonal menu .
Plan on being in Sydney for a while ?
Locals receive a plaque on the wall for joining the 100 Pints Club .
9. Fadó Irish Pub ( Washington D.C. )
Located near the MCI Center , Fadó Irish Pub screams of authenticity .
In fact , it was design with materials that were shipped over from Ireland .
Fadó is often filled with basketball and hockey fans after games let out from the MCI Center , but the screens are often filled with Gaellic football and rugby too .
Visitors with an appetite will appreciate the corned beef rolls , Irish smoked salmon bites , and homemade shepherd ’s pie to go along with their brew .
Try some of the best pizza in NYC with that beer or read about more great Irish pubs .
___________________________________________________________________________________
Gennaro Salamone is the founder and editor of Enduring Wanderlust .
Feel free to contact him with questions , comments , or inquiries with reference to contributing an article or photograph for publication .
Receive our free content by e-mail directly to your inbox or through an RSS reader .
BRUSSELS --
Countries grappling with global recession have enacted a wave of barriers to world commerce since early last month , scrambling to safeguard their key industries -- often by damaging those of their neighbors .
The World Trade Organization is gathering nations in a special meeting Monday to try to stem the rising tide , just two weeks after saying protectionism was largely under control .
On Thursday , 10 European Union commissioners headed to Moscow for talks Friday with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and other Russian officials , where they plan to air complaints over the pace of new Russian trade barriers .
" Putin visits a combine harvester factory and decides on the spot he 'll raise tariffs , " said one EU trade official .
" That 's how it goes these days . "
Russia has introduced 28 measures to raise tariffs on other countries ' imports and subsidize its own exports since November , and plans six more .
It 's not alone .
The European Union has warned the U.S. that proposed " Buy American " provisions in planned stimulus spending could break trade rules .
Meanwhile , EU nations have reversed direction and tightened their own trade rules , for instance by resuming subsidies to dairy farmers ' exports and effectively barring Chinese screws and bolts from their market , while accusing China of dumping them below cost .
The U.S. is planning retaliatory tariffs on Italian water and French cheese to punish the EU for restricting imports of U.S. chicken and beef .
India is proposing to increase tariffs on foreign steel at the request of its steel industry .
GOP campaign chief John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) vowed Friday that Republicans would block any attempt by Democrats to seat Al Franken when the Senate gavels into order next week .
Cornyn threatens filibuster over Franken
GOP campaign chief John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) vowed Friday that Republicans would block any attempt by Democrats to seat Al Franken when the Senate gavels into order next week .
Franken is leading Republican incumbent Norm Coleman by a slim 49 - vote margin , but more than 1,000 votes have yet to be counted and legal challenges remain .
Advertisement
In a conference call with reporters today , Cornyn , the newly selected head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee said : “ I think it ’s very clear that the people of Minnesota and the courts of Minnesota ” should choose between Franken and Coleman , “ and not politicians in Washington , D.C. ”
“ It is the height of arrogance for any leader in Washington , D.C. to tell Minnesota voters whose votes should count and whose votes should n’t count , ” Cornyn added .
The Texas senator was responding to comments made by Minnesota ’s Democratic junior senator , Amy Klobuchar , suggesting Franken should be seated in the upper chamber if he is certified as the winner by the State Canvassing Board .
The Board is scheduled to meet Saturday to count at least 1,350 absentee ballots .
" If the Canvassing Board declares a winner , that should be our senator , " Klobuchar said last week .
Even if a court challenge were to follow , Klobuchar said , " [ The Senate ] could seat a senator pending the litigation . "
But Cornyn said Republicans were prepared to filibuster any attempt to seat Franken .
“ There will be no scenario in which Republicans agree ” to seat Franken without the complete resolution of legal cases surrounding the election and a certification from the state ’s Democratic secretary of state and Republican governor , Cornyn said .
As the recount drags on , legal obstacles await .
On Wednesday , Coleman filed a lawsuit alleging that election officials had not adopted uniform vote counting standards across the state .
And Cornyn was quick to note that any Minnesota citizens have the right to file legal challenges of their own in the days ahead .
“ I really think we need to be patient and allow the process to work its way through , ” Cornyn said .
The July / August 2020 issue of acmqueue is out now
Subscribers and ACM Professional members login here
PDF
July 28 , 2008
Volume 6 , issue 3
Base : An Acid Alternative
In partitioned databases , trading some consistency for availability can lead to dramatic improvements in scalability .
Dan Pritchett , Ebay
Web applications have grown in popularity over the past decade .
Whether you are building an application for end users or application developers ( i.e. , services ) , your hope is most likely that your application will find broad adoption — and with broad adoption will come transactional growth .
If your application relies upon persistence , then data storage will probably become your bottleneck .
There are two strategies for scaling any application .
The first , and by far the easiest , is vertical scaling : moving the application to larger computers .
Vertical scaling works reasonably well for data but has several limitations .
The most obvious limitation is outgrowing the capacity of the largest system available .
Vertical scaling is also expensive , as adding transactional capacity usually requires purchasing the next larger system .
Vertical scaling often creates vendor lock , further adding to costs .
Horizontal scaling offers more flexibility but is also considerably more complex .
Horizontal data scaling can be performed along two vectors .
Functional scaling involves grouping data by function and spreading functional groups across databases .
Splitting data within functional areas across multiple databases , or sharding , 1 adds the second dimension to horizontal scaling .
The diagram in figure 1 illustrates horizontal data - scaling strategies .
As figure 1 illustrates , both approaches to horizontal scaling can be applied at once .
Users , products , and transactions can be in separate databases .
Additionally , each functional area can be split across multiple databases for transactional capacity .
As shown in the diagram , functional areas can be scaled independently of one another .
Functional Partitioning
Functional partitioning is important for achieving high degrees of scalability .
Any good database architecture will decompose the schema into tables grouped by functionality .
Users , products , transactions , and communication are examples of functional areas .
Leveraging database concepts such as foreign keys is a common approach for maintaining consistency across these functional areas .
Relying on database constraints to ensure consistency across functional groups creates a coupling of the schema to a database deployment strategy .
For constraints to be applied , the tables must reside on a single database server , precluding horizontal scaling as transaction rates grow .
In many cases , the easiest scale - out opportunity is moving functional groups of data onto discrete database servers .
Schemas that can scale to very high transaction volumes will place functionally distinct data on different database servers .
This requires moving data constraints out of the database and into the application .
This also introduces several challenges that are addressed later in this article .
CAP Theorem
Eric Brewer , a professor at the University of California , Berkeley , and cofounder and chief scientist at Inktomi , made the conjecture that Web services cannot ensure all three of the following properties at once ( signified by the acronym CAP ) :
2
Consistency .
The client perceives that a set of operations has occurred all at once .
Availability .
Every operation must terminate in an intended response .
Partition tolerance .
Operations will complete , even if individual components are unavailable .
Specifically , a Web application can support , at most , only two of these properties with any database design .
Obviously , any horizontal scaling strategy is based on data partitioning ; therefore , designers are forced to decide between consistency and availability .
ACID Solutions
ACID database transactions greatly simplify the job of the application developer .
As signified by the acronym , ACID transactions provide the following guarantees :
Atomicity .
All of the operations in the transaction will complete , or none will .
Consistency .
The database will be in a consistent state when the transaction begins and ends .
Isolation .
The transaction will behave as if it is the only operation being performed upon the database .
Durability .
Upon completion of the transaction , the operation will not be reversed .
Database vendors long ago recognized the need for partitioning databases and introduced a technique known as 2 PC ( two - phase commit ) for providing ACID guarantees across multiple database instances .
The protocol is broken into two phases :
First , the transaction coordinator asks each database involved to precommit the operation and indicate whether commit is possible .
If all databases agree the commit can proceed , then phase 2 begins .
The transaction coordinator asks each database to commit the data .
If any database vetoes the commit , then all databases are asked to roll back their portions of the transaction .
What is the shortcoming ?
We are getting consistency across partitions .
If Brewer is correct , then we must be impacting availability , but how can that be ?
The availability of any system is the product of the availability of the components required for operation .
The last part of that statement is the most important .
Components that may be used by the system but are not required do not reduce system availability .
A transaction involving two databases in a 2 PC commit will have the availability of the product of the availability of each database .
For example , if we assume each database has 99.9 percent availability , then the availability of the transaction becomes 99.8 percent , or an additional downtime of 43 minutes per month .
An ACID Alternative
If ACID provides the consistency choice for partitioned databases , then how do you achieve availability instead ?
One answer is BASE ( basically available , soft state , eventually consistent ) .
BASE is diametrically opposed to ACID .
Where ACID is pessimistic and forces consistency at the end of every operation , BASE is optimistic and accepts that the database consistency will be in a state of flux .
Although this sounds impossible to cope with , in reality it is quite manageable and leads to levels of scalability that cannot be obtained with ACID .
The availability of BASE is achieved through supporting partial failures without total system failure .
Here is a simple example : if users are partitioned across five database servers , BASE design encourages crafting operations in such a way that a user database failure impacts only the 20 percent of the users on that particular host .
There is no magic involved , but this does lead to higher perceived availability of the system .
So , now that you have decomposed your data into functional groups and partitioned the busiest groups across multiple databases , how do you incorporate BASE into your application ?
BASE requires a more in - depth analysis of the operations within a logical transaction than is typically applied to ACID .
What should you be looking for ?
The following sections provide some direction .
Consistency Patterns
Following Brewer 's conjecture , if BASE allows for availability in a partitioned database , then opportunities to relax consistency have to be identified .
This is often difficult because the tendency of both business stakeholders and developers is to assert that consistency is paramount to the success of the application .
Temporal inconsistency cannot be hidden from the end user , so both engineering and product owners must be involved in picking the opportunities for relaxing consistency .
Figure 2 is a simple schema that illustrates consistency considerations for BASE .
The user table holds user information including the total amount sold and bought .
These are running totals .
The transaction table holds each transaction , relating the seller and buyer and the amount of the transaction .
These are gross oversimplifications of real tables but contain the necessary elements for illustrating several aspects of consistency .
In general , consistency across functional groups is easier to relax than within functional groups .
The example schema has two functional groups : users and transactions .
Each time an item is sold , a row is added to the transaction table and the counters for the buyer and seller are updated .
Using an ACID - style transaction , the SQL would be as shown in figure 3 .
The total bought and sold columns in the user table can be considered a cache of the transaction table .
It is present for efficiency of the system .
Given this , the constraint on consistency could be relaxed .
The buyer and seller expectations can be set so their running balances do not reflect the result of a transaction immediately .
This is not uncommon , and in fact people encounter this delay between a transaction and their running balance regularly ( e.g. , ATM withdrawals and cellphone calls ) .
How the SQL statements are modified to relax consistency depends upon how the running balances are defined .
If they are simply estimates , meaning that some transactions can be missed , the changes are quite simple , as shown in figure 4 .
We 've now decoupled the updates to the user and transaction tables .
Consistency between the tables is not guaranteed .
In fact , a failure between the first and second transaction will result in the user table being permanently inconsistent , but if the contract stipulates that the running totals are estimates , this may be adequate .
What if estimates are not acceptable , though ?
How can you still decouple the user and transaction updates ?
Introducing a persistent message queue solves the problem .
There are several choices for implementing persistent messages .
The most critical factor in implementing the queue , however , is ensuring that the backing persistence is on the same resource as the database .
This is necessary to allow the queue to be transactionally committed without involving a 2 PC .
Now the SQL operations look a bit different , as shown in figure 5 .
This example takes some liberties with syntax and oversimplifying the logic to illustrate the concept .
By queuing a persistent message within the same transaction as the insert , the information needed to update the running balances on the user has been captured .
The transaction is contained on a single database instance and therefore will not impact system availability .
A separate message - processing component will dequeue each message and apply the information to the user table .
The example appears to solve all of the issues , but there is a problem .
The message persistence is on the transaction host to avoid a 2 PC during queuing .
If the message is dequeued inside a transaction involving the user host , we still have a 2 PC situation .
One solution to the 2PC in the message - processing component is to do nothing .
By decoupling the update into a separate back - end component , you preserve the availability of your customer - facing component .
The lower availability of the message processor may be acceptable for business requirements .
Suppose , however , that 2 PC is simply never acceptable in your system .
How can this problem be solved ?
First , you need to understand the concept of idempotence .
An operation is considered idempotent if it can be applied one time or multiple times with the same result .
Idempotent operations are useful in that they permit partial failures , as applying them repeatedly does not change the final state of the system .
The selected example is problematic when looking for idempotence .
Update operations are rarely idempotent .
The example increments balance columns in place .
Applying this operation more than once obviously will result in an incorrect balance .
Even update operations that simply set a value , however , are not idempotent with regard to order of operations .
If the system cannot guarantee that updates will be applied in the order they are received , the final state of the system will be incorrect .
More on this later .
In the case of balance updates , you need a way to track which updates have been applied successfully and which are still outstanding .
One technique is to use a table that records the transaction identifiers that have been applied .
The table shown in figure 6 tracks the transaction ID , which balance has been updated , and the user ID where the balance was applied .
Now our sample pseudocode is as shown in figure 7 .
This example depends upon being able to peek a message in the queue and remove it once successfully processed .
This can be done with two independent transactions if necessary : one on the message queue and one on the user database .
Queue operations are not committed unless database operations successfully commit .
The algorithm now supports partial failures and still provides transactional guarantees without resorting to 2PC .
There is a simpler technique for assuring idempotent updates if the only concern is ordering .
Let 's change our sample schema just a bit to illustrate the challenge and the solution ( see figure 8 ) .
Suppose you also want to track the last date of sale and purchase for the user .
You can rely on a similar scheme of updating the date with a message , but there is one problem .
Suppose two purchases occur within a short time window , and our message system does n't ensure ordered operations .
You now have a situation where , depending upon which order the messages are processed in , you will have an incorrect value for last_purchase .
Fortunately , this kind of update can be handled with a minor modification to the SQL , as illustrated in figure 9 .
By simply not allowing the last_purchase time to go backward in time , you have made the update operations order independent .
You can also use this approach to protect any update from out - of - order updates .
As an alternative to using time , you can also try a monotonically increasing transaction ID .
Ordering of Message Queues
A short side note on ordered message delivery is relevant .
Message systems offer the ability to ensure that messages are delivered in the order they are received .
This can be expensive to support and is often unnecessary , and , in fact , at times gives a false sense of security .
The examples provided here illustrate how message ordering can be relaxed and still provide a consistent view of the database , eventually .
The overhead required to relax the ordering is nominal and in most cases is significantly less than enforcing ordering in the message system .
Further , a Web application is semantically an event - driven system regardless of the style of interaction .
The client requests arrive to the system in arbitrary order .
Processing time required per request varies .
Request scheduling throughout the components of the systems is nondeterministic , resulting in nondeterministic queuing of messages .
Requiring the order to be preserved gives a false sense of security .
The simple reality is that nondeterministic inputs will lead to nondeterministic outputs .
Soft State / Eventually Consistent
Up to this point , the focus has been on trading consistency for availability .
The other side of the coin is understanding the influence that soft state and eventual consistency has on application design .
As software engineers we tend to look at our systems as closed loops .
We think about the predictability of their behavior in terms of predictable inputs producing predictable outputs .
This is a necessity for creating correct software systems .
The good news in many cases is that using BASE does n't change the predictability of a system as a closed loop , but it does require looking at the behavior in total .
A simple example can help illustrate the point .
Consider a system where users can transfer assets to other users .
The type of asset is irrelevant — it could be money or objects in a game .
For this example , we will assume that we have decoupled the two operations of taking the asset from one user and giving it to the other with a message queue used to provide the decoupling .
Immediately , this system feels nondeterministic and problematic .
There is a period of time where the asset has left one user and has not arrived at the other .
The size of this time window can be determined by the messaging system design .
Regardless , there is a lag between the begin and end states where neither user appears to have the asset .
If we consider this from the user 's perspective , however , this lag may not be relevant or even known .
Neither the receiving user nor the sending user may know when the asset arrived .
If the lag between sending and receiving is a few seconds , it will be invisible or certainly tolerable to users who are directly communicating about the asset transfer .
In this situation the system behavior is considered consistent and acceptable to the users , even though we are relying upon soft state and eventual consistency in the implementation .
Event - Driven Architecture
What if you do need to know when state has become consistent ?
You may have algorithms that need to be applied to the state but only when it has reached a consistent state relevant to an incoming request .
The simple approach is to rely on events that are generated as state becomes consistent .
Continuing with the previous example , what if you need to notify the user that the asset has arrived ?
Creating an event within the transaction that commits the asset to the receiving user provides a mechanism for performing further processing once a known state has been reached .
EDA ( event - driven architecture ) can provide dramatic improvements in scalability and architectural decoupling .
Further discussion about the application of EDA is beyond the scope of this article .
Conclusion
Scaling systems to dramatic transaction rates requires a new way of thinking about managing resources .
The traditional transactional models are problematic when loads need to be spread across a large number of components .
Decoupling the operations and performing them in turn provides for improved availability and scale at the cost of consistency .
BASE provides a model for thinking about this decoupling .
Q
References
DAN PRITCHETT is a Technical Fellow at eBay where he has been a member of the architecture team for the past four years .
In this role , he interfaces with the strategy , business , product , and technology teams across eBay marketplaces , PayPal , and Skype .
With more than 20 years of experience at technology companies such as Sun Microsystems , Hewlett - Packard , and Silicon Graphics , Pritchett has a depth of technical experience , ranging from network - level protocols and operating systems to systems design and software patterns .
He has a B.S. in computer science from the University of Missouri , Rolla .
Originally published in Queue vol. 6 , no .
3 —
see this item in the ACM Digital Library
Related :
Pat Helland - Mind Your State for Your State of Mind
Applications have had an interesting evolution as they have moved into the distributed and scalable world .
Similarly , storage and its cousin databases have changed side by side with applications .
Many times , the semantics , performance , and failure models of storage and applications do a subtle dance as they change in support of changing business requirements and environmental challenges .
Adding scale to the mix has really stirred things up .
This article looks at some of these issues and their impact on systems .
Alex Petrov - Algorithms Behind Modern Storage Systems
This article takes a closer look at two storage system design approaches used in a majority of modern databases ( read - optimized B - trees and write - optimized LSM ( log- structured merge ) - trees ) and describes their use cases and tradeoffs .
Mihir Nanavati , Malte Schwarzkopf , Jake Wires , Andrew Warfield - Non-volatile Storage
For the entire careers of most practicing computer scientists , a fundamental observation has consistently held true : CPUs are significantly more performant and more expensive than I /O devices .
The fact that CPUs can process data at extremely high rates , while simultaneously servicing multiple I/O devices , has had a sweeping impact on the design of both hardware and software for systems of all sizes , for pretty much as long as we ’ve been building them .
Thanumalayan Sankaranarayana Pillai , Vijay Chidambaram , Ramnatthan Alagappan , Samer Al - Kiswany , Andrea C. Arpaci- Dusseau , Remzi H. Arpaci- Dusseau - Crash Consistency
The reading and writing of data , one of the most fundamental aspects of any Von Neumann computer , is surprisingly subtle and full of nuance .
For example , consider access to a shared memory in a system with multiple processors .
While a simple and intuitive approach known as strong consistency is easiest for programmers to understand , many weaker models are in widespread use ( e.g. , x86 total store ordering ) ; such approaches improve system performance , but at the cost of making reasoning about system behavior more complex and error - prone .
© 2020 ACM , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
( CNN ) --
The Chinese government has made life " hell on Earth " for Tibetans during the half - century since a failed uprising against its rule in 1959 , the Dalai Lama said Tuesday .
" These 50 years have brought untold suffering and destruction to the land and people of Tibet , " the 73 - year - old spiritual and political leader of Tibetan Buddhists said from exile in Dharamsala , India .
" Today , the religion , culture , language and identity ... are nearing extinction ; in short , the Tibetan people are regarded like criminals deserving to be put to death . "
But Chinese officials blame the 50 - year conflict on the Dalai Lama , accusing him of seeking an independent Tibet .
" The Dalai side still insists on establishing a so - called Greater Tibet on a quarter of China 's territory , " Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi told reporters last week .
" They want to drive away the Chinese armed forces on Chinese territory and ask all non-Tibetans to relocate themselves , people who have long spend their lives in that part of the Chinese territory .
You call this person a religious figure ? "
Yang said China 's " contradictions " with the Dalai Lama " is not about religious , human rights , ethnic or cultural issues but whether or not China will remain unified . "
Watch a former Chinese government spokesman discuss Tibet »
The Dalai Lama has repeatedly denied China 's accusations .
He says he seeks genuine autonomy for the region -- not independence -- and advocates the " Middle Way " of non-violence .
The Dalai Lama has won a Nobel Prize for advocating peace and is revered as an iconic figure overseas , but the Dalai Lama has never been allowed to return to Tibet , after fleeing his homeland in 1959 .
His emissaries have held sporadic talks with Chinese officials .
But the talks , encouraged by the United States and other countries , have failed to break the impasse .
Watch an online address by the Dalai Lama »
" Looking back on 50 years in exile , we have witnessed many ups and downs , " the Dalai Lama said .
" However , the fact that the Tibet issue is alive and the international community is taking growing interest in it is indeed an achievement . "
" I have no doubt that the justice of Tibet 's cause will prevail , if we continue to tread the path of truth and non-violence , " he said .
China has ruled Tibet since 1951 , a year after sending troops to " liberate " the region from what it said was serfdom under the Dalai Lama .
China has decreed that March 28 -- the day the Dalai Lama fled into exile in India -- is to be celebrated as " Serfs Emancipation Day . "
Watch a recent history of Tibet »
In recent years , the region has seen an influx of Han Chinese and other ethnic groups , enticed by business and job opportunities .
Although some Tibetans have benefited from the economic expansion , others have not .
China 's critics complain of " cultural genocide " and repression of religious freedom .
Resentful Tibetans say they are often treated as second - class citizens .
Last March , resentment spilled over when a peaceful protest in the Tibetan capital Lhasa turned violent , as mobs burned vehicles and shops and attacked ethnic Chinese .
China blames the Dalai Lama for inciting protesters -- an allegation he has denied .
Tibetan exiles say more than 200 people died when Chinese security forces clamped down , but Beijing denies this , saying 22 people , mostly Chinese civilians , died during riots .
Tension was high ahead of the 50th anniversary .
China prohibited journalists from traveling into Tibet , but there are reports that extra security troops were deployed to the region to avert a repeat of last year 's unrest .
All About China • Tibet • India • Dalai Lama
I nearly choked on my Rich Tea biscuit when the news came through about the £ 30 million budget cap voted through today by the FIA world motor sport council .
The teams did likewise .
They did not expect this after presenting such a unanimous front the other week in Geneva .
Their confidence that their unified voice would be taken into account by the FIA , when deciding rules and policy , was misplaced .
Instead Max Mosley has gone much further than the teams wanted to in stripping costs out of the sport .
FOTA has just put a statement out which makes clear how annoyed they are with this move ,
“ With regard to the decisions taken today by the FIA World Council , FOTA would like to express its disappointment and concern at the fact that these have been taken in a unilateral manner , “ said FOTA president Luca di Montezemolo .
“ The framework of the regulations as defined by the FIA , to be applicable as from 2010 , runs the risk of turning on its head the very essence of Formula 1 and the principles that make it one of the most popular and appealing sports .
“ Given the timeframe and the way in which these modifications were decided upon , we feel it is necessary to study closely the new situation and to do everything , especially in these difficult times , to maintain a stable framework for the regulations without continuous upheaval , that can be perplexing and confusing for car manufacturers , teams , the public and sponsors . ”
This has the potential to open up a dangerous rift between the Formula 1 teams and the FIA just as the new season starts .
It is likely that Mosley has done this to get teams to accept the general idea that there will be a budget cap system in F1 , much as he did with standard Electronic Control Units , engine freezes and so on .
He has to lead them kicking and screaming to things which then get accepted .
A £ 30 million budget cap will never be accepted , but once the teams have gone over the hurdle of the cap , Mosley probably reckons they will meet somewhere in the middle on the numbers , so around £ 50 - 60 million , which let ’s face it , should be enough to run an F1 team on .
But the road ahead will be rocky and this is a real test of the mettle of FOTA as an organisation .
In Geneva I asked Montezemolo whether he thought Max would feel the FOTA proposals went far enough and he said that they would put them to him and have a dialogue .
It ’s fairly clear that there has n’t been that much dialogue this time around , not like in December when the FOTA engine package was agreed by the FIA in the days following Honda ’s shock withdrawal .
What ’s behind this ?
Max wants to keep the smaller independent teams in the sport and encourage new ones to come in .
He hates the idea that there are two empty franchises .
But the budget cap puts manufacturer - backed teams like Ferrari , McLaren Mercedes and BMW in a difficult position .
They are to be given the option of spending as much as they like , but the budget capped teams will get more technical freedom , more engine power and better aerodynamics , to make them competitive .
The boards of the big car firms will never accept this and you ’d have a two class F1 , which never worked in the turbo / non - turbo days .
The eye catching Mosley quote is the one where he dismisses suggestions that the budget cap would be impossible to police ,
“ We went into all this very carefully some time ago , ” he said .
“ We involved forensic accountants from Deloitte and Touche as well as financial experts from the current teams .
The vast majority of payments are traceable and any benefits in kind can be valued .
There were a number of meetings .
It became clear we could do it .
The problem was getting the current teams to agree a figure .
Also , the majority wanted a lot of exclusions such as land and buildings , the team principal ’s salary and the drivers .
We would also need the right to carry out very intrusive audits and impose severe penalties for overspend .
However these difficulties no longer arise because each team will now be able to choose whether or not to run under the cost cap . ”
The other little gem is this one ,
“ We will make sure these advantages do no more than balance the disadvantages the cost - capped teams will have because of their very restricted budgets .
As said , we will balance the median performances by adjusting the cost - capped cars should this prove necessary .
The other cars will have stable technical regulations in return for which we understand FOTA intend to provide guarantees of continuing participation until 2012 , underwritten by the major car manufacturers . ”
Mosley has leapt on the guarantee given in Geneva by the manufacturers to stay in until 2012 and thereby cut their wriggle room on this .
On top of that he ’s saying that the FIA may adjust the equivalence between capped and non-capped teams ’ performance , possibly even from race to race , which he knows is not F1 , but it ’s a strong position from which they will eventually have to agree something .
What makes this a particularly big play is the fact that these things have been voted through , so they are n’t proposals , they are now rules which will need to be ‘ unmade ’ once the negotiation has taken place .
Expect more from FOTA on this …
OLBERMANN :
That ’s all over with Republicans out of power , right ?
Except that Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner ’s chief of staff is a former Goldman Sachs lobbyist .
Another Goldman Sachs veteran , Gary Gensler , is Mr. Obama ’s choice to head that same regulatory agency that once tried to oversee derivatives , but who , at his hearing last month , refused to apologize for having opposed regulation of derivatives .
And except that , as of 2008 , Democrats now get more Wall Street money than Republicans .
This fascinating guide takes readers on a magical tour through the many ways they can read the future through the mind , body , and spirit - and shows them how to take control of things to come .
 Discover which methods of predicting the future can answer life 's most perplexing questions
 Explore the signs and messages the body reveals about the past , present , and future - and learn the physical methods that inspire divination 
Learn how divination methods such as aura and Tarot reading can connect a person with his / her emotions
Starting a rooftop garden requires tenacity and a good plan .
Tenacity because there are more hurdles to climb in order to plant your roof , including assessing weight limits and reading the fine print of tax abatements .
If you are like me and live in a multiple - resident building , you ’ve also got to present your neighbors with the pros and cons , and hope they ’ll be so excited by the former that they agree about allocation of funds for your project .
Meanwhile , you have to devise a plan .
In the plan , both infrastructure and timing must be accounted for .
As a newbie gardener , I ’d been nervously awaiting my seeds , and excitedly preparing to get my hands dirty .
But first , it was important to know how to proceed with 1000 square feet of roof space .
I started by consulting books and the wisdom of gardeners like the folks at Retrovore , and my other food fighter friends – in sum , an eager team of gardening enthusiasts ( we ’re bringing back community ! ) .
Together we came up with some preparatory planning to create a lush , edible landscape that takes into consideration the unique planting opportunities and the difficulties presented by the roof .
For one thing , the rooftop is unprotected , and is thus windy .
To shelter our raised beds , we will need to construct a windbreak of evergreens along the sidewalls , which should be both aesthetic and purposeful .
( 50 feet of young Canadian Hemlocks , $ 156 ) Fortunately , beds for these evergreens can be built from the pile of free , recovered wood currently hanging around in the back of the building .
Score !
But for growing edibles , planters have to be constructed from untreated wood .
I ’ve found a great source for salvaged , untreated wood at Build It Green in Queens , where wood starts at 15 cents per foot .
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
One of the benefits of being so high up is the access the plants will have to lots of direct sunlight .
This means good growing but also a need for strategic watering , like a drip irrigation system set on a timer .
Watering close to the surface will help prevent water waste , and a timer will ensure we are watering in the early morning when the temperature on wilt - worthy summer days is cool .
A rain censor is an added bonus , stopping the flow after a rain .
Irrigation is one of the more expensive aspects of the garden budget , at an estimated $ 350 , but considering my status as a green gardener who does n’t want to kill everything , I think its a wise investment .
Another important consideration is soil .
You do n’t want to haul any old dirt you find up to your roof for your garden .
And if you are planting directly in the ground , please get your dirt tested .
Luckily in New York we have the Lower East Side Ecology Center , which produces compost from New Yorker ’s table scraps and makes a potting soil ( featuring perlite , green sand , black rock phosphate , vermicompost and coconut coir – a sustainable alternative to peat moss ) , which they sell to the public , and deliver !
Cost for soil that can be a permanent support for our garden for years to come : $ 500 for 1000 lbs .
The garden may seem expensive to some , at our estimate of $ 2000 .
But we are starting from scratch , and have decided as a collective to make an investment in energy efficiency , and in the creation of a living space , where we can save money by eating what we grow .
It is my hope that Councilman David Yassky ’s Green Roof Tax Abatement ( an extension of the J - 51 abatement ) passes , allowing us to recoup 90 % of our costs .
But at worst , we know we are making a great investment .
Stay tuned for the next post in the Roof Garden Rookies series , where I will be talking about starting my seeds .
We know to only run the dishwasher when we have a full load .
We also know that there are lots of great options for Earth - friendly dishwashing detergents .
What we do n’t always think about though , is good old maintenance .
Nothing wastes water like unloading your dishwasher to find you have to wash half or all of the load over by hand .
Giving your dishwasher a good Spring cleaning will help your dishes come out free of debris by removing gunk and buildup from all the innards .
There ’s a great , detailed tutorial over at Mrs. Clean .
I ’ve spruced up her advice with some more Earth - friendly alternatives .
Just one thing before you get started .
Unplug or cut the power at the circuit breaker before you clean out your dishwasher .
Safety first !
Is your dishwasher unplugged ?
Great !
Let ’s get cleaning :
Dip an old toothbrush into a bowl of water with a few tablespoons of white vinegar to clean around the door and crevices of the rubber seal .
Do n’t neglect the top of your washer .
You can use a clean rag dipped in the vinegar / water mixture to wipe buildup from the ceiling of your machine .
Scrub well .
You can use a rag dipped in that same bowl of the vinegar and water mixture .
If you ’re fighting really nasty buildup , try this easy home made soft scrub from Care2 .
Dip a rag or sponge in hot water to wipe off the dirt and grime from the toothbrush action in step one .
Also scrub the door .
Remove the bottom rack and wipe down the bottom around the drain .
Use a clean wet rag to wipe the cleaning solution from the gasket and the door .
If you want to take it even further , you can fill up a cup with plain white vinegar and stick it in the top rack .
Using the high heat setting , run one empty cycle .
The vinegar will help unclog any built up gunk that you could n’t get to with your toothbrush .
You can also try sprinkling baking soda around the bottom of your washer and run a short , hot water cycle .
This helps out if you ’ve got some stubborn stains you ’re trying to get rid of .
Just do n’t try running a cycle with the baking soda and vinegar together .
We ’re not trying to do a volcano experiment in the kitchen !
[ Image Credit : Creative Commons photo by zenobia_joy ]
Fannie Morecroft made her way as quickly as possible from Queenstown back to the United Kingdom .
The ship in which she was taken from Ireland docked at Liverpool , where her home and her daughter ’s home were .
It was 24 hours after the sinking of the Lusitania before Caroline Warwick knew that her mother had survived .
Fannie Morecroft arrived back in Liverpool three days after the sinking , still wearing her stewardess ’ uniform , and covered in smuts .
Three weeks later , her first grandchild , Margaret Morecroft Warwick was born .
After the sinking of the Lusitania , Cunard banned women from serving on any of their ships for the duration of the war .
Fannie Morecroft was extremely irritated about this , as she had been working for the company since her husband had died , and was worried about another way of making a living .
However , with the shortage of men , who had been drafted to the fighting in France , she was able to find various forms of employment , including as a tram conductor , until the end of the war .
In early 1919 , she resumed her career with Cunard , and eventually became Chief Stewardess on the Lancastria , with a grand stateroom of her own .
She continued to cross back and forwards to New York until her retirement in the 1930s .
She never re-married , but saw her daughter 's two daughters , Margaret and Patricia ( born 1917 ) grow up .
Both married , and her great - grandchildren knew her well .
The Lusitania tragedy was a significant event in Fannie 's life .
She lost many friends , saw the bodies of too many dead children and adult passengers to count , and went through the terror of the ship sinking under her .
Her first grandchild , Margaret Warwick , born just after the disaster , was my maternal grandmother .
My Granny , mother and uncle all heard about the disaster from Fannie , and my great - great - grandmother 's cool head and ability to survive everything that life through at her is admirable to this day .
In his eulogy after my grandmother 's death in 2002 , my father said :
Fannie Chamberlain ( Margaret ’s grandmother ) also became an actress after her marriage , which seems to have been opposed by both families .
Margaret , Anthony and Elizabeth loved her , and her great - grandchildren still remember her as a redoubtable figure with a great sense of humour , who died in in her nineties .
Anthony says that Fanny Chamberlain was the one relative whom Margaret resembled closely , in appearance and personality .
She had to struggle after her husband ’s death .
She became a stewardess in the Cunard Line to support her family .
It was then an unusual but successful career , and she notably and glamorously survived the sinking of the Lusitania in 1915 .
We also have a photograph of her , imposing and confident in a large private state - room on the “ Lancastria ” , where she was chief stewardess .
Margaret used to recall her bringing exotic presents home from New York .
Not many people have had a granny like that .
Fannie Morecroft died on July 9th 1958 .
She was a widow for more than 50 years , and was survived by her daughter , son , three granddaughters , one grandson , and 8 great - grandchildren .
From at - Largely ( Larisa Alexandrovna ) :
" Mike Connell set - up the alternate email and communications system for the White House .
He was responsible for creating the system that hosted the infamous GWB43.com accounts that Karl Rove and others used .
When asked by Congress to provide these emails , the White House said that they were destroyed .
But in reality , what Connell is alleged to have done is move these files to other servers after having allegedly scrubbed the files from all " known " Karl Rove accounts .
In addition , I have reason to believe that the alternate accounts were used to communicate with US Attorneys involved in political prosecutions , like that of Don Siegelman .
This is what I have been working on to prove for over a year .
In fact , it was through following the Siegelman - Rove trail that I found evidence leading to Connell .
That is how I became aware of him .
Mike was getting ready to talk .
He was frightened . "
The Department of Energy cannot account for significant quantities of nuclear materials at 15 of 40 licensed locations , according to a report released on Monday by the Department of Energy ’s Inspector General , Gregory Friedman .
In 2001 , a probe into the department reported initial record - keeping problems .
The current follow - up audit was initiated “ to determine whether the Department was adequately managing its nuclear materials provided to domestic licensees . ”
However , the report concluded that “ the Department cannot properly account for and effectively manage its nuclear materials maintained by domestic licensees and may be unable to detect lost or stolen material . ”
The most alarming findings were the following :
- Waste processing facilities reviewed could not verify the location of 6,711 grams of special nuclear material and 35 , 269 kilograms of depleted and / or normal uranium .
- In 2004 , a number of institutions reported that the amount of Department - owned nuclear materials they held was less than the quantities recorded in NNIMSS .
Instead of investigating these discrepancies , the Department agreed to “ write - off ” 20,580 grams of enriched uranium , 45 grams of plutonium , 5,001 kilograms of normal uranium and 189,139 kilograms of depleted uranium without investigating the whereabouts or actual disposition of the material .
- The Department had no record of a 32 - gram plutonium - beryllium source on loan to a college and subsequently transferred to another academic institution .
The report states , “ Considering the potential health risks associated with these materials and the potential for misuse should they fall into the wrong hands , the quantities written off were significant … .
Even in small quantities normally held by individual domestic licensees , special nuclear materials such as enriched uranium and plutonium , if not properly handled , potentially pose serious health hazards . ”
Ingestion of about 0.5 gram of plutonium is considered a lethal dose .
Scientists : " Frozen Smoke " is the Ultimate Tool for Cleaning Up Oil Spills
February 12th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
The American Chemical Society reports that aerogel or “ frozen smoke ” may be the holy grail of sponges for capturing oil from wastewater and soaking up oil spills .
Unlike other costly and inefficient sponges , hydrophobic silica aerogels are both highly porous and absorbent .
According to the ACS Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research journal , scientists packed small aerogel beads into a vertical column and exposed them to flowing water containing soybean oil as a simulation of filtration at a wastewater treatment plant .
The results were impressive — the aerogel beads absorbed up to 7 times their weight and removed oil from the wastewater at a high efficiency .
The scientists ’ discovery will be instrumental in cleaning up the 200 million gallons of used oil that gets dumped into sewers , streams , and backyards each year — not to mention high - profile oil spills like the Exxon Valdez incident .
Photo Credit : ACS
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
ADVERTISEMENT
Ex -Bush adviser tells ' fib ' about Michael Moore Rachel Oswald
Published : Friday March 6 , 2009
Print This Email This Update at bottom : RNC did n't give Moore 2004 credentials ' Not me baby ! '
Steele rejects calls to quit Michael Moore waded into the churning media circus surrounding Rush Limbaugh 's newly vaunted fame by proclaiming that he , unlike the conservative radio talk show host , truly represents the values of the American people .
In a Friday blog posting on The Huffington Post , Moore disputed comparisons of him as the liberals ' version of Limbaugh .
" What I have believed in , and what I have stood for in these past eight years -- an end to the war , establishing universal health care , closing Guantanamo and banning torture , making the rich pay more taxes and aggressively going after the corporate chiefs on Wall Street -- these are all things which the majority of Americans believe in too , " said the documentary filmmaker .
" That 's why in November the majority voted for the guy I voted for . "
Mark McKinnon , a top adviser in President George W. Bush 's campaigns shared with The Washington Post in a Friday article , compared the Democrat 's new strategy of making Limbaugh the face of the Republican Party with the GOP 's own 2004 strategy of turning the spotlight on Moore in an attempt to make him a divisive figure .
" We used a similar strategy by making Michael Moore the face of the Democratic Party , " McKinnon said .
" That 's why we gave him credentials to cover the 2004 convention and then turned the spotlight on him . "
Moore notes that they continued to try to use this strategy in 2008 , though with much less success by running attack ads in a Michigan Congressional race that compared him to the Democratic candidate , Mark Schauer .
Schaeuer went on to win the race , defeating Republican incumbent , Tim Walberg .
" Obama and the Democrats going after Rush is a good thing and will not do for him what the Republican attack plan did for me -- namely , the majority of Americans will never be sympathetic to him because they simply do n't agree with him , " wrote Moore .
" The days of using my name as a pejorative are now over .
The right wing turned me into an accidental spokesperson for the liberal , majority agenda .
Thank you , Republican Party .
You helped us elect one of the most liberal senators to the presidency of the United States "
Steele says ' no ' to RNC member 's calls for resignation Republican National Committee chairman Mike Steele , said he has no plans to resign today while he guest - hosted Bill Bennet 's conservative talk radio program Morning in America .
Think Progress has the audio and quotes from that show here .
Responding to a caller to the program who said " I hope that Paul Bagalla and [ Rahm ] Emanuel and [ James ] Carville dont convince you to resign your position . 
Steele answered back , " Aww , trust me .
Not me Baby !
Nuh-uh .
Not happening .
No way , no how ! "
In a recent memo , RNC member Ada Fisher 's said that Steele was " eroding confidence in the GOP and that members of his transition team should encourage him to step aside . "
Bush advisor falsely claims grand Moore scheme Raw Story has learned that Mark McKinnon 's earlier claims today to The Washington Post of a Republican hatched plan to provide Moore with credentials to cover the 2004 Republican National Convention are actually false .
Moore did not receive his credentials from the RNC , but rather received them from USA Today as a guest columnist of theirs .
His four columns covering the political convention at the end of August 2004 can be read here .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Recently , Sony gave a preview of its third quarter earnings that set the stage for a grim set of final figures .
Those figures were released Thursday , on the same day that Nintendo unveiled the results of its sales during the third quarter .
Although both companies are facing the same problems when it comes to general economic conditions , Nintendo seems set to stay in the black regardless , and it 's worth taking a look at why .
The most fundamental problem that both companies face is that much of their income comes from overseas sales , and the Yen has strengthened considerably against many currencies as people flock to its relative stability .
That means that all of the overseas revenue is diluted in value when it 's converted to Yen on its return to the company .
Sony : trouble in diversity
This can be clearly seen in Sony 's financial statement , which broke out the company 's electronics operations revenue in detail .
From having over � 200 billion in revenue ( currently about $ 2.2 billion ) in the Q3 of 2007 , the division slid to a loss of � 16 billion .
Nearly half of that drop , � 94 billion , came from the exchange rate alone .
Nintendo took a hit from the foreign exchange problem as well , but nothing nearly that severe .
The company is n't breaking out quarterly figures , but is instead giving combined numbers for the first nine months of its current fiscal year .
During that time , the damage from the foreign exchange rate has eaten into its profits , but only to the tune of an 18 percent year - over - year drop .
Part of Sony 's problem is its diversity .
For the most part , its different electronics offerings are n't mutually supportive — owning a Vaio PC does n't seem to make anyone more likely to buy a Bravia TV or a PS3 .
As such , sales of nearly everything plummeted .
This was especially true of its mobile phone affiliate , Sony Ericsson , which made a big contribution to the � 45 billion lost by the electronics division .
The game division , all things considered , did moderately well for Sony .
Sales dropped by about a third year - over - year , but the group managed to stay above water , bringing in a profit of �400 million .
That 's a big ( 97 percent ) drop year - over - year , but Sony calculated how that figure would look if the Yen 's value were pegged at where it started the fiscal year , and found it would actually be up by over 150 percent .
That sounds great , at least until you look at the numbers , which suggest that most of this boost comes from changes in margins and PS3 software sales , as sales of everything else were down .
The flagship PS3 was down nine percent year - over - year , the PSP dropped slightly more , while the PS2 was clearly slouching towards end - of - life territory , with sales plunging by over half .
Its software sales followed it with a similar plunge , and PSP software sales were in line with its drop , as well .
The only win ?
PS3 software sales , which rose by over 50 percent .
Nintendo : strength in focus
Nintendo , as we mentioned , only provides its results in terms of the total of the fiscal year , of which the holiday season constituted the third quarter .
Some quick math with the previous quarter 's results , however , yield some pretty impressive numbers .
Net sales were �700 billion , yielding a profit of � 68 billion , or about $ 750 million .
It 's not all good news , though — as of its last quarterly report , net income was running about � 10 billion ahead of the previous year ; now they 're running about � 45 billion behind , even though operating income is up substantially .
In terms of actual hardware , the DS moved just shy of 12 million units over the holidays , while the Wii picked up another 10.4 million in sales .
That leaves the Wii comfortably ahead of where it was this time last year , and just shy of having 45 million units sold in its lifetime .
That huge installed base is driving software sales .
With three fiscal quarters down , software sales were nearly double what they were at this point last year , and over 82 million units of software were sold in the holiday quarter .
All told , software sales accounted for about � 250 billion in revenue .
It 's clear that Nintendo has guessed right in designing a console that can appeal to the mass market , one that it acknowledges in its earnings statement : " Nintendo will continue to pursue expansion of the gaming audience and provide products that offer unique entertainment that puts smiles on the faces of people of all ages and genders . "
Its focus on that market has helped it avoid having its success in gaming diluted by the broad losses in many divisions that are plaguing Sony , despite the fact that both companies are facing a similar economic problem .
( CNN ) -- Hundreds of citizens and community leaders packed into the Bay Area Rapid Transit board room and two overflow rooms Thursday , demanding the group take responsibility for a subway officer 's shooting that left a young man dead .
A woman holds a sign demanding justice for victim Oscar Grant at a BART board of directors meeting Thursday .
The BART board of directors meeting started with a moment of silence for Oscar Grant , a 22 - year - old father who was killed on New Year 's Day in a crowded train station , but it quickly turned into a parade of angry speeches by elected officials , activists and outraged citizens .
For nearly six hours , according to local media , about 60 people addressed the board .
The public asked the BART directors , and they agreed , to set up a committee to review procedures .
They also discussed the possibility of creating a civilian review board .
Inside the room , people clutched Grant 's photo .
Some held signs against police brutality .
A couple of times citizens chanted loudly and pumped their fists in the air .
Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson , dressed in a shirt with her son's face and the words " RIP Oscar , " held a news conference Thursday afternoon at the family attorney 's office to plead with the public to stop the rioting breaking out in response to the shooting , according to CNN affiliate KTVU - TV .
iReport.com : Are you there ?
Share your photos , video and reaction
" I am begging the citizens not to use violent tactics , not to be angry , " an emotional Johnson said at the news conference .
" I know it 's a very frustrating time , but Oscar would not want to see all the violence that 's going on .
He would not want to see the fires , he would not want to see this . "
" You 're hurting people who have nothing to do with the situation .
You 're vandalizing their property , hurting their cars and breaking their windows .
Please just stop it , please . "
Johnson wiped tears from her eyes as her son's friends also pleaded for calm .
At the news conference , the Grant family attorney , John Burris , said he understood the frustration that African - Americans , especially those who are young , were feeling .
Noting the case of Sean Bell , Burris asked the community to not take away from the tragedy by creating more violence .
" That 's not what Oscar stood for , that 's not the life he led , so do n't mar the image of Oscar .
He was trying to be a peacemaker on that tape , " Burris said referring to a recorded video of Grant 's shooting .
Footage from KTVU showed demonstrators rampaging through the streets of Oakland , California , on Wednesday protesting Grant 's death .
iReport.com : Protesters rally against police
The Oakland Police Department made 105 arrests , including a mass arrest of about 80 people at 11 p.m. , said Officer Jeff Thomason .
The charges include inciting a riot , vandalism , assault on a police officer and unlawful assembly , he said .
One officer was injured , but not seriously , Thomason said .
Some protesters lay on their stomachs , saying they were showing solidarity with Grant , who was shot in the back as he was face - down on the floor at a train station .
Watch angry protesters in Oakland »
Several witnesses caught the incident on camera , and there have been numerous demonstrations this week .
The protests turned violent Wednesday night after Grant 's funeral and following an announcement by authorities that Officer Johannes Mehserle , who is implicated in the shooting , had turned in his resignation .
Videos from witnesses show Mehserle shoot Grant in the back as another BART officer kneels on Grant .
A BART spokesman has said there is more to the story than what can be seen on the grainy images .
Watch the events preceding the shooting »
Oakland police tried to keep protesters at bay Wednesday night as they smashed car windshields and storefront windows .
KTVU footage shows one protester jumping up and down on a police car hood , while another demonstrator pushes a flaming Dumpster up against it .
" We live a life of fear , and we want them to be afraid tonight , " an unnamed female protester said .
iReport.com : BART protests turn violent
The protests began peacefully about 3:30 p.m. with about 500 people gathering at the Fruitvale station , where the shooting occurred last week , Thomason said .
Soon , a group of about 150 protesters surrounded a police officer .
Fearing for his safety , Thomason said , " the decision was made to use chemical agents to protect that police officer . "
The crowd calmed down , but then a contingent of protesters turned violent again , smashing windows and setting cars on fire , he said .
Police tried to disperse the crowd and warned five times that anyone who did n't leave would be arrested .
At about 8:30 p.m. , police started making arrests .
One person was arrested after carrying a firearm ; another faces charges of possessing suspected crack cocaine , Thomason said .
The crowd finally dispersed about 11 p.m. after police hemmed in a crowd of rowdy protesters at the downtown intersection of 20th Street and Broadway .
There , police cuffed 80 protesters , Thomason said .
" If people want to peacefully protest , we 're all for that , " he said .
" If it 's peaceful , we 're all for it .
We 're not going to stand in the way of people saying what they want to say . "
This was not the case Wednesday night , Thomason said , warning that police would be out in force again Thursday night to make sure any protests remain orderly .
David Chai , chief of staff for Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums , said Dellums was " out and about " in the streets Wednesday , urging protesters to exercise their frustration productively .
Dellums also announced that the Oakland Police Department was conducting its own investigation into the matter .
" The mayor 's involvement was essentially to try to calm everybody down , " Chai said .
" He obviously expressed some frustration with the process . "
He said Oakland residents also were " rightfully " frustrated that the investigation has gone on for a week with little development .
Thomason said Oakland police will either work alongside BART in its investigation or take the probe over , but no decisions have been made .
BART spokesman Linton Johnson said Wednesday that Mehserle 's attorney has advised his client not to speak to authorities .
BART released a statement Wednesday saying the officer 's attorney and a union representative had handed in his resignation letter .
Attorney Christopher Miller released a statement confirming his client 's resignation , effective Wednesday .
" Officer Mehserle 's resignation should allow BART to get back to the business of managing regional transportation and allow the Alameda County district attorney to take primary responsibility for reviewing this matter , " the statement said .
Johnson told CNN on Wednesday that Mehserle had received death threats .
District Attorney Tom Orloff told CNN on Wednesday the incident is a " pretty clear " homicide , and his office will focus primarily on Mehserle 's mental state before the shooting .
Burris is pushing Orloff to press criminal charges against Mehserle .
Burris has also filed a $ 25 million claim with BART , alleging wrongful death .
Read the claim ( PDF )
" Without so much as flinching , the Officer Mehserle stood over Grant and mercilessly fired his weapon , mortally wounding Mr. Grant with a single gunshot wound to the back , " the claim alleges .
BART has until late February to respond .
Burris said that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero .
They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car about 2 a.m .
Witness videos show Grant and two other men sitting against a wall in the Fruitvale station after being pulled off the train .
BART reported that they had received a report of an altercation on the train .
Police are seen putting Grant face - down on the ground .
Grant appears to struggle .
One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back .
There have been unconfirmed reports that Mehserle may have mistook his gun for a Taser , but Burris is not swayed .
" My view is , this is criminal conduct , period , " he said .
BART Police Chief Gary
Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with Orloff 's office .
A statement Wednesday said BART " will continue to seek and examine all available evidence and will continue its full cooperation with the ongoing independent investigation by the district attorney . "
CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin , Dan Simon and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .
All About San Francisco Bay Area
The financial products division was behind much of AIG 's losses The Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) has begun a probe into the UK operations of a subsidiary of American International Group ( AIG ) .
The investigation - in co-ordination with the City watchdog the Financial Services Authority - is focused on the AIG Financial Products division .
AIG 's insurance operations - either in the UK or elsewhere - were not affected , the SFO said .
The firm said it would co-operate fully with the investigation .
AIG is getting about $ 150 bn ( £ 105 bn ) in help from the US government , in a rescue package to keep it afloat .
A separate probe has been launched by US authorities .
" It is right for us to look into the UK operations of AIG Financial Products Corp to determine if there has been criminal conduct , " said the director of the Serious Fraud Office , Richard Alderman .
" We will use our full range of powers to seek information and to speak to those with an inside knowledge of the company 's operations . "
Winding down
The financial products division was the part of the business held largely responsible for AIG reporting losses of $ 43 bn last year .
The division racked up huge losses on , among other investments , sub - prime mortgages , which led to AIG being bailed out by the US taxpayer in September last year .
" They 've had very serious valuation losses on their products and that really played a very large role in the financial troubles AIG has had over the past year , " company spokesman Nick Ashooh told BBC Radio Five Live " We 're effectively winding down most of the businesses involved with it ..... and reducing our financial exposure and continuing on with our other very successful insurance businesses . "
Last month , AIG said that it would not be renewing its £ 14 m - a - year shirt sponsorship deal with Manchester United that expires in May 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The global economic downturn has compelled a growing number of companies to search for ways to reduce IT costs .
Uptake of open source software is climbing in this environment , which means more opportunities for the companies that have built their businesses around the open source Linux platform .
Red Hat , one of the most prominent commercial Linux vendors , reported its quarterly earnings Thursday and revealed that its total annual revenue was $ 652 million , an increase of 25 percent over the previous year .
Subscriptions to Red Hat 's commercial support service , which accounts for $ 541 million of that revenue , were up 20 percent .
Red Hat CEO Jim Whitehurst , a former Delta Airlines COO who joined Red Hat in 2007 , cites the recession as a factor that has contributed to the company 's success .
" Our ability to demonstrate real value and deliver cost savings to our customers enabled us to achieve significant new milestones during the quarter , " Whitehurst said in a statement .
" Our value proposition is even more compelling in a challenging economic environment , and we believe that 's a key driver to our solid financial results and market share gains . "
Red Hat 's strength is attracting the attention of market analysts and big players .
According to a report from Reuters , a Citigroup analyst recently characterized Red Hat as " a tempting acquisition target " and asserted that larger technology vendors are becoming interested in the Linux vendor 's strategy .
Several analysts at other firms have suggested that Oracle could be a potential buyer .
Although this notion has generated a lot of rumor and speculation , it seems very unlikely .
Oracle already offers commercial support services on top of its own repackaged version of Red Hat 's Linux stack .
Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has expressed the belief , on numerous occasions , that acquiring Red Hat would make little sense for his company because the permissive licensing of the Linux distributor 's open source software products make it possible for Oracle to build a business around the technology without having to own it .
Oracle has , however , acquired other open source companies , including embedded database vendor Sleepycat .
Oracle also made an unsuccessful bid for MySQL — an open source database vendor that was eventually acquired by Sun .
Red Hat is expanding beyond its server platform roots and is exploring a lot of other areas .
Its acquisitions of JBoss and Qumranet give it strong footing in the middleware and virtualization spaces .
Although Red Hat is exploring other areas of the server space , the company has consistently rejected the prospect of making a major play for the desktop market .
At the Open Source Business Conference ( OSBC ) in San Francisco , Whitehurst reportedly expressed skepticism about the relevance of Linux on the desktop .
In his view , Microsoft 's dominance in the desktop market is too deeply entrenched to shake .
He also does n't see much opportunity for building a strong support business around the desktop .
" First of all , I do n't know how to make money on it , " Whitehurst said , according to a report by Infoworld .
" Very few people are running a desktop that 's mission - critical . "
Red Hat invests resources in desktop development projects and commercially offers desktop Linux distribution for enterprise and developing markets , but the desktop is n't a core part of the company 's business .
Red Hat has previously articulated a lack of interest in targeting the consumer desktop market .
Red Hat 's earnings report reflects its enduring strength in this difficult economic climate , but there are still a few risk factors for the Linux vendor .
Red Hat 's courtroom woes continue : the company is discovering that the Java database technology that it acquired with JBoss is a lightning rod for aggressive patent litigation .
Red
Hat faces yet another costly lawsuit from a database vendor .
Another factor that could potentially have a detrimental impact on Red Hat 's support business is the growing number of companies that are eschewing expensive support contracts and are instead turning to free community - driven distros such as CentOS .
Despite these challenges , Red Hat seems destined to thrive .
$ 652 million in revenue does n't come even remotely close to matching Microsoft 's tens of billions , but it 's definitely not pocket change , either .
Red
Hat has proven itself to be resilient and its ongoing success serves as a validation of its open source business model .
Fourteen people are dead and at least 100 homes have been destroyed as fires burn over tens of thousands of hectares in Victoria and New South Wales .
Six have been killed at Kinglake , four at Wandong , three at Strathewen and one at Clonbinane .
Police fear up to 40 people may have died .
Victorian Deputy Police Commissioner Kieran Walshe says he expects the toll to rise .
" Based on the fact we 're only just getting into areas , these have been very significant fires , our concern is that it can get worse , " he said .
Police say they will strive to confirm the identity of the people killed by the morning .
Victoria is bearing the brunt of the inferno with eleven major fire fronts .
You can offer or ask for help by clicking on this link .
Kinglake and Healesville , north of Melbourne , are the areas of most concern for authorities , and they say there are between 100 and 150 people sheltering in the Country Fire Authority ( CFA ) station in Kinglake .
A man is in a critical condition after being burnt over half of his body when he attempted to move a friend 's stock away from the fire in the Coleraine area , in Victoria 's east , while he was wearing only shorts and thongs .
Another man was taken to Melbourne 's Alfred Hospital with burns to the face , and there are unconfirmed reports of another man who was burnt .
Ambulance authorities say there is a power problem at a hospital in Beechworth in the state 's north , which may need to be evacuated .
There are emergency medical centres in Coldstream and Whittlesea showgrounds .
It is unclear how many animals have been killed by the fires , but ABC Local Radio in Victoria has fielded a number of calls from people who say their stock and pets have been lost .
CFA chief officer Russell Rees says Victorians need to prepared for the fire threat to increase through the night .
" We have to make a plea to people to realise that just because the southerly wind change has come and the temperature drops , the risk is not gone , " he said .
" We 've got three or four hours of very significant push in this wind change at least , and we all know from past history that fire at night is even more scary than than fire in the day . "
Victorian Premier John Brumby says he has been putting his own bushfire preparations into place at his farm , and he has thanked fire fighters for their efforts .
" Today Victoria has experienced the worst fire conditions in history , even worse than Ash Wednesday of 1983 , " Mr Brumby said in a statement .
Stretched to breaking point
Fire authorities say new blazes are putting " enormous pressure " on their resources , with all available trucks and more than 3,000 firefighters already committed to fighting bushfires that have been burning through the day .
Temperatures have dropped across Victoria , but there will be little relief , with high winds expected to change direction and force fires onto new fronts .
A fire burning from Kilmore to Yarra Glen , north of Melbourne has turned into a massive blaze of around 10,000 hectares that officials say is almost impossible to control .
About 50 homes in Bendigo 's west have burnt down and properties in Narre Warren , Narbethong , Coleraine and Labertouch have been lost .
It is believed a primary school in Wandong has also been destroyed .
There are 101 firefighters battling the fire , which has destroyed dozens of homes and buildings and is threatening others at Wandong , Heathcote and Upper Plenty north of Melbourne .
The fire , which has burnt through 4,000 hectares , started east of Kilmore and is moving in a southerly direction between Kilmore East and Whittlesea .
A relief centre has been established at the multi-purpose centre in Bentinck Street in Wallan .
ABC Local Radio received a phone call from Peter Mitchell in Kinglake north of Melbourne , who said the entire town was engulfed in flames .
His situation showed how stretched the CFA 's resources were , with no fire trucks present after they had been called to the dozens of fires elsewhere in the state .
Mr Mitchell said there was one water tanker in the town .
Gippsland fires
The fires have also destroyed several properties across Gippsland in eastern Victoria .
Thick smoke and ash is blowing across west and central Gippsland and the Latrobe Valley , from fires burning near Drouin , Walhalla , and the Strzelecki Ranges .
The fire on the eastern fringe of the Strzelecki Ranges is currently heading towards Willung South , Carrajung South and Carrajung Lower , and the CFA is warning residents may be directly impacted by the fire .
Earlier , the fire passed through Callignee .
Other areas including Traralgon South , Gormandale and Yarram are on alert for falling embers .
That blaze is still threatening a number of townships , including Nilma North , Darnum , Neerim South and Noojee , and spot fires have broken out in Warragul .
And a fire burning north of Traralgon is burning in a south - easterly direction , and residents in Toongabbie , Glengarry and Cowwar are also on alert .
Earlier it ripped through 600 hectares of pine forests in one hour .
Ricky , from Calignee , south of Traralgon , says her neighbours ' houses were destroyed .
She says her husband has been burnt in the blaze , which destroyed the family 's cars and a shed , but spared the house .
" The roar from over the hill , I just got too scared , and we went back down towards the house , and ended up getting in the house and the windows cracked , " she said .
The Princes Highway has been closed either side of Warragul , in West Gippsland and the South Gippsland Highway is now closed , south of Longford .
There are concerns the fire might damage the coal - fired power station at Loy Yang , but at this stage the fire is threatening neither the station nor the nearby coal mines .
The fire has damaged the ABC's FM transmitter in the region , but ABC Gippsland is still broadcasting emergency information on 828 AM .
It has also been confirmed houses have been lost in a fire around the Bunyip State Park , east of Melbourne , but it is unclear how many .
The fire broke containment lines overnight and if the wind changes this evening the fire front may grow in size to 20 kilometres , authorities say .
Electricity supplies
Electricity operators say they are no longer concerned about bushfires affecting supplies in Victoria tonight .
Earlier , supply to 100,000 Victorians was threatened by fires burning near stations in the Latrobe Valley .
But NEMMCO , the company that operates Australia 's electricity grid , says the system in that area is now secure and no outages are expected .
Enormous scale
Fires are becoming so big that they are creating their own weather .
Senior weather forecaster , Terry Ryan , says thunderstorms are forming over fire - affected parts of west Gippsland .
" We call it pyrocumulus , where all the ash coming out of the fire causes lifting and convection , and can cause a thunderstorm - looking top , " he said .
" You can get thunderstorms and lightning coming out of the top of the fire basically , and that can add to the fire 's effect , a bit of a nasty feedback effect that can occasionally happen . "
Easing temperatures and winds have reduced the threat posed by a fire at Horsham , in western Victoria , that destroyed five homes , a fire truck and the Horsham Golf Club .
The blaze has burned about 3,000 hectares around the city 's outskirts .
The golf club 's manager , Jason Maybery , says the damage to the course is extensive .
" Total devastation .
The clubhouse and the pro-shop have been gutted , " he said .
" The sheds in the middle of the course , it 's all been burnt as well and a lot of the trees around our lovely course have also been totally burnt down . "
Residents of the Yarra Valley have been told to immediately activate their bush fire plans .
In the north - east , a fire is burning south of Beechworth and is moving in a south - easterly direction .
A blaze is burning in west Bendigo where several homes are believed to have been lost and the Redesdale fire to the south - east of Bendigo has burnt about 6,000 hectares .
Concerned Australians are being urged to show restraint in using the emergency services websites , with several struggling to cope with the increased traffic .
However a CFA spokesman said those concerned about the wellbeing of loved ones should not hesitate to use the sites .
For information on the Victorian fires call the Country Fire Authority 's information line on 1800 240 667 .
New South Wales
Firefighters in New South Wales are working to establish containment lines around a fire that is threatening homes at Peats Ridge on the state 's central coast .
NSW Police have released without charge a 31 - year - old man arrested on the Pacific Highway this afternoon on suspicion of lighting a fire on the central coast .
The Rural Fire Service has applauded residents in the area , saying they have worked hard to protect their homes from the threat of embers .
It is one of about 40 fires burning across the state tonight .
The New South Wales Rural Fire Service information hotline is 1800 679 737 .
While nobody will own up to being a CRAV member , it is not hard to find sympathisers .
Gilbert Foucart , head of the Les Collines du Bourdic cellar in the Gard , said that he understood people were angry that merchants intended to drop prices .
" They want to cut them by five euros per hectolitre .
If you 've got 80,000 hectolitres like me , you stand to lose 400,000 euros , " he said .
The Washington Post is Taking Apart the $ 819 billion Stimulus Package with a couple of graphs that show how and when the stimulus money will be spent .
Here is one of the graphs .
Click on chart for sharper image
Click on first link for an additional chart .
The chart depicts the Obama shotgun approach of spraying bullets in multiple directions hoping that something , somewhere hits a target .
Furthermore , notice the state stabilization fund , assistance for the struggling families , and health insurance assistance for the unemployed is not even earmarked as stimulus but something closer to riot prevention .
More importantly , none of this spending can possibly stimulate anything .
Take for example $ 62.3 billion for transportation or the $ 91.3 billion to renovate schools .
What happens after the schools are renovated and the potholes are filled ?
Where will the jobs come from ?
Do the schools even need to be renovated ?
Taxpayers will eventually have to pick up the tab , either via taxes or a weaker US dollar .
Repeating The Mistakes Of Japan
The New York Times is looking at Japan ’s Big-Works Stimulus Lesson .
Japan ’s rural areas have been paved over and filled in with roads , dams and other big infrastructure projects , the legacy of trillions of dollars spent to lift the economy from a severe downturn caused by the bursting of a real estate bubble in the late 1980s .
During those nearly two decades , Japan accumulated the largest public debt in the developed world — totaling 180 percent of its $ 5.5 trillion economy — while failing to generate a convincing recovery .
Now , as the Obama administration embarks on a similar path , proposing to spend more than $ 820 billion to stimulate the sagging American economy , many economists are taking a fresh look at Japan ’s troubled experience .
While Japan is not exactly comparable to the United States — especially as a late developer with a history of heavy state investment in infrastructure — economists say it can still offer important lessons about the pitfalls , and chances for success , of a stimulus package in an advanced economy .
In a nutshell , Japan ’s experience suggests that infrastructure spending , while a blunt instrument , can help revive a developed economy , say many economists and one very important American official : Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , who was a young financial attaché in Japan during the collapse and subsequent doldrums .
One lesson Mr. Geithner has said he took away from that experience is that spending must come in quick , massive doses , and be continued until recovery takes firm root .
Between 1991 and 1995 , Japan spent some $ 2.1 trillion on public works , in an economy roughly half as large as that of the United States , according to the Cabinet Office .
“ Stimulus worked in Japan when it was tried , ” said David Weinstein , a professor of Japanese economics at Columbia University .
“ Japan ’s lesson is that , if anything , the current U.S. stimulus will not be enough . ”
Most Japanese economists have tended to take a bleaker view of their nation ’s track record , saying that Japan spent more than enough money , but wasted too much of it on roads to nowhere and other unneeded projects .
Dr. Ihori of the University of Tokyo did a survey of public works in the 1990s , concluding that the spending created almost no additional economic growth .
Instead of spreading beneficial ripple effects across the economy , he found that the spending actually led to declines in business investment by driving out private investors .
He also said job creation was too narrowly focused in the construction industry in rural areas to give much benefit to the overall economy .
He agreed with other critics that the 1990s stimulus failed because too much of it went to roads and bridges , overbuilding this already heavily developed nation .
Critics also said decisions on how to spend the money were made behind closed doors by bureaucrats , politicians and the construction industry , and often reflected political considerations more than economic .
In Hamada , residents say the city ’s most visible “ hakomono , ” the Japanese equivalent of “ white elephant , ” was its own bridge to nowhere , the $ 70 million Marine Bridge , whose 1,006 - foot span sat almost completely devoid of traffic on a recent morning .
Built in 1999 , the bridge links the city to a small , sparsely populated island already connected by a shorter bridge .
“ Roads and bridges are attractive , but they create jobs only during construction , ” said Shunji Nakamura , chief of the city ’s industrial policy section .
“ You need projects with good jobs that will last through a bad economy . ”
On the Edge
A not - so - funny thing happened on the way to economic recovery .
Over the last two weeks , what should have been a deadly serious debate about how to save an economy in desperate straits turned , instead , into hackneyed political theater , with Republicans spouting all the old clichés about wasteful government spending and the wonders of tax cuts .
Consumers , their wealth decimated and their optimism shattered by collapsing home prices and a sliding stock market , have cut back their spending and sharply increased their saving — a good thing in the long run , but a huge blow to the economy right now .
My Comment
It ’s no wonder , then , that most economic forecasts warn that in the absence of government action we ’re headed for a deep , prolonged slump .
Some private analysts predict double - digit unemployment .
The Congressional Budget Office is slightly more sanguine , but its director , nonetheless , recently warned that “ absent a change in fiscal policy ... the shortfall in the nation ’s output relative to potential levels will be the largest — in duration and depth — since the Depression of the 1930s . ”
Worst of all is the possibility that the economy will , as it did in the ’30s , end up stuck in a prolonged deflationary trap .
We ’re already closer to outright deflation than at any point since the Great Depression .
In particular , the private sector is experiencing widespread wage cuts for the first time since the 1930s , and there will be much more of that if the economy continues to weaken .
And deflationary traps can go on for a long time .
Japan experienced a “ lost decade ” of deflation and stagnation in the 1990s — and the only thing that let Japan escape from its trap was a global boom that boosted the nation ’s exports .
Who will rescue America from a similar trap now that the whole world is slumping at the same time ?
My Comment
Art and design magazines are designers close companion .
Not only it feeds us with latest trends and news in the design industry , it ’s also a good source of inspiration , particularly useful for those who hit the design block frequently .
Just in case you were n’t aware , there ’s a huge pool of free magazines on the net related to the design field ; we meant those softcopy magazines you can either browse online or download ( . PDF , . SWF ) for offline viewing .
Not only they have high quality content , each issue released is also free .
A very artistic and well - curated magazine , Eye has everything that a professional designer or a design student looks forward in a graphic design journal .
The magazine is available in both printed as well as online form and contains everything from website , books , and product reviews to design critique , interviews , and mind - blowing design inspirations .
You can even buy the older issues and make them a part of your design literature collection .
Additionally , Eye Magazine informs you about the ongoing and upcoming events like design summits , workshops , exhibitions and talk sessions related to the graphic design and visual culture taking place all over the world .
Frequency : Quarterly
Idea Magazine is a wonderful graphic design publication from Japan that gives readers a good insight into Asia ’s design and visual culture .
You can read the latest news , book reviews , opinion articles and information on the latest design - related events in Japan .
One of the design elements Idea Magazine greatly focuses on is the typography design .
From typography inspiration to experts critique , there ’s hardly anything in this magazine that does n’t talk about type design and its uses .
Frequency : Quarterly
Slanted is a very comprehensive magazine of everything that comes under the umbrella of visual arts .
It has several international publications that focus on the new , views and inspiration of a particular country .
Apart from the country - based publications , you can read and buy books on typography , design and photography reviews , and printable designs .
Moreover , Slanted offers you to sell your graphic design products through their platform to an international viewership .
You can set up your online store on their website for free , however they do charge 30 % commission on successful sales .
Frequency : Biannually
An online publication full of design insights and inspiration , Creative Review gives you a complete and in - depth overview of the about the international visual arts community .
The magazine has been designed to cater to novice as well as professional designers through analysis of contemporary design projects , practical advice by industry experts , a look into the creative process and a whole bunch of inspirational material .
Apart from graphics and visual arts , Creative Review magazine also touches other subjects like advertising , gaming , social media music and illustration etc .
Frequency : Bimonthly
Communication Arts is a creative publication that offers in - depth analysis into visual arts and wonderful inspiration on contemporary design projects .
More than a magazine , it offers a humongous database on award - winning images , videos and designs as well as showcase of work by freelance designers and design firms .
Apart from that , the magazine lists juried annuals in the field of graphic design , illustration , typography , photography , advertising , and interactive media .
Frequency : Bimonthly
First publication in the list that focuses on technology design , ACM Interactions magazine features all aspects of HCI ( Human - Computer Interaction ) .
This tech design journal encompasses everything from interviews , discussion forum , and informative articles , to product design reviews and demos .
ACM Interactions magazine is one - of - a- kind publication that can be equally interesting for HCI learners , researcher and practitioners for staying up - to - date in the field .
Frequency : Bimonthly
A vibrant digital arts magazine , Web Designer is focused on providing latest tips , tutorial , news and inspiration on the subject of web designing and development .
It also offers showcase of amazing web design projects , roundups of web services and online courses , reviews of useful tools and services , informative articles and much more .
In Web Designer magazine , you can even find high quality resources to help you out in your projects as well as insider news from the web design and development industry .
Frequency : Monthly
As the name says , Computer Arts magazine caters to all aspects of digital and visual arts .
It offers valuable insight and amazing inspiration from the contemporary visual communication world .
The magazine also focuses on tips and suggestion regarding starting up a new business .
In Computer Arts you can find new projects by agencies and designers from all over the world , information on global graphic design events as well as dialogues and discussion on the latest design trends .
Frequency : Monthly
A magazine that focuses solely on web designers and developers , Net offers thorough insight into the latest web trends , technologies and techniques .
A gallery of inspirational designs , a look into the latest web projects , opinion columns from web industry ’s experts and a number of tips and suggestions on HTML , CSS , WordPress , JavaScript , Sketch , and Photoshop .
The interesting aspect of Net magazine are the videos that the authors create to go with their writings so the readers can have a better experience with the content .
Frequency : Monthly
Popular among graphic designers and typography artists , Print Mag is a useful resource for news , information , inspiration and discussion on all things design .
You can read about interactive design , history of visual arts , printing and publication design , illustration art , corporate visual communication and even motion graphics .
Frequency : Not mentioned
Digital Arts is the go - to magazine for graphic designers and digital artists globally .
The magazine covers various areas of digital arts including news , 3D designing and modeling , CGI animation , corporate branding , illustration art , photography , video production and web design .
You can also find high - end Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator tutorials , comprehensive guides , detailed product reviews through in - house lab tests as well as featuring artist and their work .
Frequency : Regularly updated
A website created by professional digital artists to help fellow designers enhance your Photoshop skills , Advanced Photoshop features tutorials , news and fresh resources .
Through these tutorials and guides you can learn about advanced Photoshop techniques like photo editing , photo manipulation , typography design , digital drawing and enhancing etc .
Frequency : Regularly updated
Graphic Design USA is has the most relevant and forward - thinking content related to the field of graphic design .
It provides latest news , breathtaking inspiration , design analysis and informative articles related to advertising , entrepreneurship , SEO and a variety of other subjects .
Moreover , you can listen to interesting podcasts , take part in design competitions , and know about top design schools , design students and take a look at the best work by top graphic designers and digital artists .
Frequency : Regularly updated
A online magazine created with everything that a graphic designer or digital artist would look forward to , HOW Design magazine this long - running publication discusses the visual culture from different angles .
Readers will be able to find amazing inspirational work , latest news from the design world , info about art events and competitions , and even job ops in it .
HOW Design also offers an online store for buying and selling digital products and tools as well as arranging webinars and art competitions for an international audience .
Frequency : Regularly updated
First in our list , Delayed Gratification is a magazine that focuses solely on providing readers with lates and hottest news from the graphic and digital arts industry .
With a sharp and colorful layout , interesting infographics , opinion article with new perspective and exclusive news stories , there ’s everything to quench your thirst of design news .
Frequency : Regularly updated
Another unique entry in the list , the Backstage Talks is a magazine full of one - to - one interviews by famous artists , illustrators , and graphic and digital arts designers .
Through these interviews you can learn a lot about experts ’ personal experiences , their design processes and useful suggestions for learners and professionals in the field .
Frequency : Not mentioned
As the name says , Works That Work emphasizes on not just the aesthetic part of design but more towards how designs fit into the practical world .
By dint of a number of stunning examples , essays and case studies the magazine shows how creativity can be applied to find solutions to daily life problems .
An interesting read with a fresh perspective .
Frequency : Twice a year
Offscreen Magazine is an online publication that highlights the work , creative process , ideas and suggestions of the brilliant minds behind successful websites and design projects .
You can read about interesting back stage stories behind latest technologies and creative interface designs and find inspiration in the human side of a digital project .
Frequency : Not mentioned
Harvard Design Magazine is created by the Harvard University Graduate School of Design and covers an array of subjects in the field of art , science , literature , architecture , urban planning and beyond .
Along with in - depth articles , essays , news stories , interviews , and reviews , you will find loads of inspirational material by artists and designers from all over the world .
Frequency : Twice a year
It never ends .... crooked politicians using their influence for personal gain .
Trey , Matt , can you guys include these A - holes in an episode where they all get ground up into burger meat and fed to the media ?
Thanks and while you 're at it , please do the same for every POS investment banker and politician who made a killing by screwing the rest of America .
She might be old news by now , but this story sounds like it was concocted in SP .
Let 's see , an episode about cloning cross - bred animals ( including four - assed monkeys ) ..... check .
An episode about Mr. Garrison altering his sexual orientation via " biological experiments with mice " ....... double check .
An episode about some crazy South Park Mom impregnating herself and artificially producing zombie octuplets ...... checkmate .
Honarable Mention
Gentlemen , you 've gonne after pretty much everyone and anyone , and , let 's face it , you 're just as famous as the folks you 're spoofing .
What are you so afraid of ?
Hope to see you on the show !
Did we forget anyone ?
Tell us what you think .
In an Ideas piece , Mayer believes that the tide of history is moving against a ban on marijuana .
Marijuana issue suddenly smoking hot
Smoking pot does n’t cause schizophrenia , but marijuana as an issue sure gives our political system the symptoms .
We have just elected our third president in a row who at least tried marijuana in early adulthood , yet it remains illegal .
As we discovered again this week , President Obama , like his two predecessors , supports imprisoning people for making the same choices he made .
Advertisement
Beyond imprisonment , one of my policy students , who was honest on a security clearance about her one time use of pot , could lose her job for doing what Clinton , Bush and Obama did .
On television , leading comedian Jon Stewart and America ’s sweetheart , Sandra Bullock , swap pot smoking stories with lighthearted abandon , laughing along with their audience , who , like most Americans , end up voting for politicians who support draconian punishments for pot users and dealers .
Year after year , major Hollywood films like Pineapple Express show potsmoking in a positive light , yet legalization remains unmentionable to both our political parties .
And America ’s most popular Olympian , Michael Phelps , like the majority of people his age , has tried pot , but loses millions in sponsorship when it is revealed that he has done what most of his fans have done .
Several states have legalized medical marijuana , and a few are contemplating decriminalization , and yet , other states are about to prevent those whose urine tests positive for marijuana from receiving desperately needed benefits to which they would otherwise be legally entitled .
At least eight states , including Kansas , Oklahoma , and West Virginia , are actively considering making drug tests mandatory for food stamps , welfare , or unemployment .
In a classic demonstration of how America has always had one drug law for the rich and one for the poor , no one has suggested drug testing recipients of billions in bailout cash .
We could probably save a lot of money by testing Wall Street financiers for pot ( or cocaine , for that matter ) .
Perhaps these accumulated paradoxes have finally become large enough for the nation to begin reconsidering its position on pot .
For an issue that has been in stasis for decades , marijuana is suddenly hot , one might even say , smoking .
By jamming up the White House ’s “ Open for Questions ” website with votes for questions about their favorite substance , advocates for the legalization of marijuana managed to force President Obama to address the issue .
This is success in Washington , even when the president chuckled derisively and came down against legalization .
Of the thousands of issues in the competitive policy environment , only a few get this kind of attention .
Some think the economic crisis will help the legalization cause .
California state legislator Tom Ammiano argues that marijuana , by far the most lucrative crop with an estimated $ 14 billion in sales , could provide over a billion dollars of tax revenue in California alone .
There are , however , a few problems with these numbers .
First , it is always tough to estimate what total sales are for any illegal substance .
Good data just does n’t exist in this area .
Second , even if $ 14 billion is accurate , that ’s the California sales total when pot is illegal .
When a pothead scores a dimebag in Los Angeles , the high price is mostly a function of the illegality .
He ’s paying for the risks taken by the grower , the importers , and the dealers at each step of the marijuana process .
Currently , dealers risk not only jail , confiscation of property , and the burden of a criminal record , but they also face violence from other rival dealers .
That ’s why the markup on pot is so extreme .
Legalize pot , and perhaps 80 % of its price vanishes .
And since marijuana requires very little processing , unlike cocaine or heroin , the supply of pot could skyrocket if it were legalized , further driving the price down .
Why pay for it when you can grow your own , tax - free ?
It is also possible , though , that legalization would result in a surge in demand , since potential users who avoided it due to fear of incarceration or its high price might now indulge .
Advocates of decriminalization or legalization have reason to take cheer from many recent developments .
Tax revenues , although not as high as some dreamers would wish , would certainly be substantial , and would replace the billions spent interdicting and confiscating marijuana , as well as imprisoning users and small time dealers .
Legalizing marijuana would immediately remove millions of dollars in income from the international drug cartels that are making life hell in Mexico .
The tide of public opinion is slowly moving towards decriminalization .
As polling expert Nate Silver recently pointed out , only 10 % supported legalization in 1969 , while at least 40 % do so today .
The younger you are , the more likely you are to have tried marijuana , and to support its legalization .
NORML does n’t have to persuade anyone to win ; if they just wait for the anti-pot geezers to die , most Americans will favor legalization within a decade .
Or , they could wait for Obama to go back to the position he had when he was an obscure Illinois state legislator , just four years ago .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQr9ezr8UeA
I do n’t use pot , but I do believe that the tide of history is moving against our ridiculous and counterproductive ban on this relatively harmless substance .
The question is not will we decriminalize , but when ?
Jeremy D. Mayer is the author of “ American Media Politics in Transition ” ( McGraw Hill , 2007 ) and an associate professor and director of the master ’s program in public policy at George Mason University in Arlington , Va .
How active are your local Linux User ’s Groups ?
At the Linux Foundation , I recently had been brainstorming with some my colleagues about ways in which we might be able to reach out to the various local Linux User ’s Group ( LUGS ) .
So I was quite surprised when I saw a blog posting from Lenovo ’s Connections blog asking the question : “ Local User Groups – gone the way of the dinosaur ? ” and even more provocatively , “ Has the web now relegated the user group to history , along with dot matrix printers , cassette tapes for mass storage , and dial up modems with acoustic couplers ? ”
I checked on the web for a number of LUG ’s , such as the Boston Linux and Unix User Group ( BLU ) and the Silicon Valley LUG ( SVLUG ) , and they appeared to be active , at least in terms of mailing list activity and event calanedars .
But of course that does n’t indicate how many people are actually attending the face - to - face meetings , and how strong the LUG ’s are in general .
So let me ask here — do you attend or participate in a LUG ?
How active is it ?
What do you get out of participating in a LUG ?
The son of a bricklayer , Mr Tsvangirai had no formal education worked in a nickel mine before becoming involved in politics .
Although he supported Mugabe 's rise to power and Zimbabwe 's independence from Britain in 1980 , he became an outspoken critic of the regime 's excesses as head of the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions .
He formed the MDC in 1999 , leading the party to 57 seats the following year and fighting in opposition for nearly a decade before joining the government this year .
Editor 's Note :
This story has been updated to reflect Gallup 's re-estimate of its Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index and Life Evaluation Index data from January 2008 to April 2009 .
Learn more about what Gallup discovered .
WASHINGTON D.C. --
Utah , Hawaii , and Montana top the nation in well - being in an analysis of more than 350,000 interviews conducted in 2008 .
Mississippi , Kentucky , and West Virginia have the lowest well - being ratings .
These new , state - level data are the results from The AHIP State and Congressional District Resource for Well - Being .
The Well - Being Index score for the nation and for each state is an average of six sub-indexes , which individually examine life evaluation , healthy behaviors , work environment , physical health , emotional health , and access to basic necessities .
The questions in each sub-index are asked nightly of 1,000 national adults , aged 18 and older .
The Well - Being Index national average for 2008 is 65.9 , with each point ( 1.0 ) representing approximately 2.2 million people nationally .
In terms of the total population in the United States , this means that approximately 145 million people aged 18 and older have favorable well - being .
Across all the states , well - being varies by a range of eight points , thus even in the lowest - ranked states , there are a majority of citizens who have favorable well - being .
Mapping well - being scores across the country , a clear pattern emerges with higher well - being states located primarily in the West and lower well - being states clustered in the Midwest and the South .
Standing out among its high - ranking western counterparts is Nevada , with a slightly below average well - being score and a rank of 44th .
In addition to the overall well - being score , the states are also ranked on each of the six sub-indexes .
Utah takes the top spot in both work environment and in life evaluation .
Minnesotans report the best physical health in the nation , while New Mexico is first in healthy behaviors .
Hawaii has the highest emotional health in the country and Massachusetts comes out on top in terms of access to basic necessities .
On the other side of the ledger , West Virginia has the lowest score on two of the six sub-indexes -- emotional health and physical health .
Kentucky ranks last on healthy behaviors and in life evaluation , and Mississippi is at the very bottom in terms of access to basic necessities .
States in the top tier in overall well - being are not necessarily the highest ranking states in each of the six sub-indexes .
Hawaii , for instance , does rank high on five of the six sub-indexes , but reports the lowest quality work environments out of all 50 states .
On the flipside , certain bottom ranked states in overall well - being shine in select sub-indexes .
All told , in order for the Well - Being Index national average to increase in 2009 , every state will need to make significant improvements in at least one sub -index area .
For more information on what each sub - index comprises , see page 2 .
Editor 's Note :
An update to the national Well - Being Index score for 2008 is reflected in this article .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with more than 350,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted in 2008 as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
About the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index ™
The Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index is the first and largest survey of its kind , with 1,000 calls a day , seven days a week .
It is the official statistic for well - being in America , giving a daily measure of people 's well - being at the close of every day based on the World Health Organization ( WHO ) definition of health as not only the absence of infirmity and disease but also a state of physical , mental and social well - being .
The Well - Being Index will be a daily measure determining the correlation between the places where people work and the communities in which they live , and how that and other factors impact their well - being .
Additionally , The Well - Being Index will increase the understanding of how those factors impact the financial health of corporations and communities .
For additional information , go to well - beingindex.com .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. motorists have enjoyed a reprieve from high gasoline prices in recent months but may soon find filling up more painful due to lower supplies and rebounding demand as summer driving season approaches .
While experts say prices are not likely soar to the highs of $ 4 a gallon level that shocked drivers last year , they add current low prices look unsustainable .
U.S. gasoline now averages $ 1.90 a gallon , just below government forecasts of $ 1.96 a gallon for the entire year , and should rise further as the start of the peak driving season from late May through August draws nearer .
“ We have seen crude rise steadily and what could drive further increases is , of course , crude oil , ” said Tancred Lidderdale , an analyst with the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Short - Term Energy Outlook .
“ It also appears that the weakness we have seen in the gasoline market has started to narrow significantly , ” Lidderdale added .
U.S. crude oil is currently trading over the $ 40 - a - barrel benchmark used by the Energy Department to build its gasoline forecasts .
On Wednesday , the price hovered around $ 43 a barrel .
The DOE says every dollar rise in crude adds 2.4 cents a gallon at the gasoline pump .
In addition , weekly government data showed gasoline demand over the past four weeks up 1.6 percent over year - ago levels , as motorists begin to drive more due to lower prices .
U.S. gasoline demand dropped more than 3 percent last year , the first decline since 1991 , as Americans eased up on driving , while overall fuel consumption fell by 6.1 percent to a 10 - year low .
“ When gasoline went over $ 4 a gallon in July and August ( 2008 ) we were looking at year - on - year declines of over 5 percent . ”
Lidderdale said .
With gasoline - making a money - losing proposition in the last half of 2008 , most refiners cut back on production , helping to tighten gasoline markets .
“ Reduced supply , not recovering demand , appears to be the real driver behind the recent recovery in gasoline fundamentals , ” said Antoine Halff , deputy head of research at Newedge USA LLC .
In the last 10 weeks , refinery use has held in the mid-to - low 80 percent range , keeping inventories in the lower half of the average range , according to the EIA .
Data from the Energy Department ’s Energy Information Administration released on Wednesday showed gasoline inventories off 3 million barrels in the week to March 6 , as U.S. output of the motor fuel fell by 464,000 barrel per day to 8.54 million bpd .
Total gasoline inventories stood at 212.5 million barrels , down nearly 10 percent from the previous year .
The gasoline data has provided support to the U.S. oil complex , which saw demand battered last year by both high prices as well as the economic crisis .
“ Gasoline fundamentals continue to gather bullish steam as the bigger - than - expected draw for gasoline stocks , driven by stronger demand and weaker utilization rates , are pushing stocks well below the trailing five - year average ahead of the driving season , ” said Chris Jarvis , senior analyst for Caprock Risk Management in Hampton Falls , New Hampshire .
Still , with refiners able to ramp up production if the nascent demand rise continues , prices will not likely rise too high .
“ There is still a lot of spare capacity for producing gasoline here , ” said Phil Flynn , analyst for Alaron Trading in Chicago .
Here you see a movie ticket and kernel popcorn , as scaled to their price increase over the past 80 years .
On your left , 1929 .
On your right , 2009 .
Needless to say , things have changed .
Advertisement
In 1929 , The Great Depression popularized popcorn as a movie time treat since it was cheap , easy , tasty and somewhat filling .
Back then , a bag cost you 5 cents .
Now , a ( small ) bag costs you $ 4.75 .
Sure , our new bag is probably a bit bigger , but it 's vastly more expensive .
In fact , when adjusted for inflation , popcorn prices * have seen an ironic 666 % price increase , while movie ticket prices have increased a more moderate 66 % .
The above picture tells the story to scale , but just in case you 're a bigger fan of numbers :
1929
Movie - $ 4.32 ( $ 0.35 pre-inflation )
Popcorn - $ 0.62 ( $ 0.05 pre-inflation )
2009
Movie - $ 7.20
Popcorn - $ 4.75
What gives ?
As many of you know , Hollywood takes a majority of ticket proceeds ( we 're talking upwards of 70 % or more ) during the first few weeks a film is released .
Not so coincidentally , those first few weeks are also usually a film 's best - attended screenings .
So theaters fall back to popcorn , soda and candy to make money because Hollywood does n't see a cut of these sales .
Advertisement
But is this 666 % popcorn price increase evil ?
Obviously , numbers do n't lie .
Has the increased price of popcorn helped keep ticket prices in check ?
Possibly , though there 's no real way of knowing .
Still , one thing 's for sure :
Those stadium seats and surround sound systems wo n't pay for themselves ... right ?
* Explanation on Data
Movie ticket data is based upon stats by the MPAA / NATO , seen here , with a 2009 estimate based upon the 2008 price .
Realize that movie ticket price is always an average of all tickets sold per year , which drops the price greatly due to child tickets , matinees and second run theaters .
Popcorn price was based upon the widespead 5 - cent bag of popcorn compared to a small popcorn from the AMC in Brooklyn , OH — which we feel is , if anything , a conservative sampling of movie popcorn prices .
We 'd love to have an average sale price on movie popcorn across America ( just as we do tickets ) , but that data is not tracked by either the Popcorn Board or the National Association of Concessionaires .
Advertisement
Additional research by Andrea Wang , Graphic by Jesus Diaz
Obama is sworn in for second time
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Barack Obama has been sworn in as US president for the second time in two days , because one word was given out of order during Tuesday 's ceremony .
The Chief Justice of the US Supreme Court , John Roberts , administered the oath again at the White House .
The decision to repeat the oath was taken out of an abundance of caution , an official said .
But Mr Obama joked : " We decided it was so much fun .... " before adding : " We 're going to do it very slowly . "
In contrast to the first oath - taking , Mr Obama did not swear on a Bible and his wife Michelle was not at his side .
TEXT OF OATH I ... do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
And instead of an audience of millions , only a few close aides saw the second attempt , with even journalists excluded from the Map Room of the White House .
Tuesday 's stumble went largely unnoticed at the time .
In the oath , as set out in the US Constitution , the new incumbent swears to " faithfully execute the office of president of the United States " .
But as Chief Justice Roberts read out the oath for Mr Obama to repeat , he moved the word " faithfully " to the end of the phrase .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Obama , apparently noticing the error , hesitated .
Mr Roberts repeated the phrase correctly , but Mr Obama went with the incorrect formula .
" We believe the oath of office was administered effectively and that the president was sworn in appropriately , " said White House counsel Greg Craig .
" Out of the abundance of caution , because there was one word out of sequence , Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the oath a second time . "
Two other presidents , Calvin Coolidge and Chester Arthur , have had to repeat the oath because of similar problems .
And Chief Justice William
Taft introduced a new word into the oath when he swore in President Herbert Hoover in 1929 , promising to " preserve , maintain and defend the Constitution " , instead of " preserve , protect and defend " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As part of it ’s space program , North Korea is planning to launch a rocket designed to carry warheads as far as the US .
It says the launch is part of project plans to put satellites in space .
North Korea told international agencies the launch would take place between 4 April and 8 April .
Dan Meth produced a map of the United States featuring the places some of your favorite TV shows were set .
It was inspired by his earlier map of sitcoms set in New York City .
Link to US map .
Link to New York map .
- via YesButNoButYes
Porter Middle School administrators believed a boy was dealing pot on campus .
So they allegedly sent a student to buy some .
The sting worked -- to a point .
The student successfully bought drugs and the administrators at the Granada Hills campus reported the incident to authorities .
But although Los Angeles Police Department officers are investigating the suspected marijuana dealer , they also are scrutinizing the three administrators who allegedly orchestrated the buy , said Michel Moore , an LAPD deputy chief , on Wednesday .
It is a felony to ask a minor to buy drugs .
Advertisement
The administrators have also been reassigned by the Los Angeles Unified School District to positions away from the Granada Hills campus , which was named a California Distinguished School in 2007 , while the investigation is ongoing .
In a letter to parents , Supt. Ramon C. Cortines said the school ’s principal , an assistant principal and dean had been removed .
Nobody has been arrested in the case , although the investigation is ongoing .
The student who allegedly bought the drugs is not under criminal investigation , Moore said .
“ We would n’t expect an administrator to act this way with a student , ” he said .
A student told administrators Feb. 18 that a boy was selling marijuana on campus , according to police .
Advertisement
Three administrators , without consulting police or other Porter officials , then asked a student to purchase some drugs .
Moore declined to say the amount of marijuana the student bought or how much he paid for it .
After the sting was completed , school officials then reported the incident to the district ’s Police Department , which investigated the incident .
Once L.A. Unified officials realized that a student had been involved in the drug buy , they immediately removed the administrators from the campus .
City police began investigating the incident Monday .
Advertisement
The district will pursue all legal measures against the administrators if the allegations are true , said David Holmquist , the district ’s chief operating officer , who said he had never heard of a similar situation .
“ There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our students , ” he said .
District officials also said Wednesday that four male Taft High School students have been suspended for their alleged hazing of other students in the locker room shower late last month .
District officials reassigned six administrators Tuesday for possibly not reporting the incident in a timely manner .
Advertisement
Police say the victims were allegedly held down by other students and assaulted .
Investigators are still trying to determine whether they were injured .
District sources said some of the alleged suspects were members of the boys volleyball team .
Investigators also believe that the hazing in Woodland Hills might be part of a series of similar incidents , Moore said .
“ Every time we pull one layer back , we find another layer , ” he said .
Advertisement
The incident is similar to others in Ventura and Orange counties during the last dozen years in which student athletes were hazed as part of initiations .
--
jason.song@latimes.com
Coping - Up With The Challenges To Produce A Standard Pregnancy Essay Coping - Up With The Challenges To Produce A Standard Pregnancy Essay Amongst all the research and academic papers , one of the detail - oriented essays is pregnancy essays .
Pregnancy essays may comprise various types of pregnancies such as early and teenage pregnancies as … Read More
Importance Of Dust Bowl Essay Importance Of Dust Bowl Essay
There are various academic essays , which must be written by the students especially in the UK such as veteran , taekwondo , and dust bowl essays .
This article is particularly based on the dust bowl essay , which …
Read More
Tips For Writing An Overnight Essay Tips For Writing An Overnight Essay
An essay cannot be written over one night because any student may it be from school or college , can hardly read , understand and write the essay within such a short span of time .
Moreover , … Read More
Tips And Requirements For Writing A Quality Taekwondo Essay Tips And Requirements For Writing A Quality Taekwondo Essay
A taekwondo essay is normally an informative paper , which is written by the students of all levels providing knowledge and awareness to the readers about the art of taekwondo .
Taekwondo is …
Read More
The Concept of Veterans Essay The Concept of Veterans Essay
This article provides a detailed understanding of the veterans , which can act as per the guideline for the UK students to have their own unique contents .
For a perfect veteran ’s essay , the UK students should …
Read More
Reasons for using fake essay generating applications Reasons for using fake essay generating applications
The writing service industry has considerably grown , and as a result , more students have come to rely on various writing service providers .
Aside from writing service companies , these are also application systems that …
Read More
Significant elements in any vegetarianism essay Significant elements in any vegetarianism essay
In the contemporary world , people have become conscious about their health and taking the initiative of improving their diet .
As a result , the aspect of vegetarianism has become very common .
As a vegetarian , your … Read More
Tip for writing a well - rounded nutrition essay Tip for writing a well - rounded nutrition essay A common saying that we are what we eat is very common in nutrition magazines , books and websites .
The message that all these nutritional experts are trying to pass to their readers is …
Read More
Practical tips for writing any random essay Practical tips for writing any random essay
For an individual to come up with an excellent piece , he or she should understand what to employ and what to avoid .
Below are tips that will help you come up with relevant …
Read More
What you should know when writing a transportation essay
What you should know when writing a transportation essay Since transportation dates way back , over the years it has changed , and for one to write a good essay , you should be well informed on the topic area .
You can write …
Read More
The G - dog robot is a robotic dog kit made by a Japanese company called HTI .
The kit costs approximately $ 719.00 .
The official website states :
Due to 9 small and lightweight servos ( 9 joints ) the G - Dog is capable of various motions including “ sit ” and “ handstand ”
The kit comes with 9 servos , NI - MH battery and charger , RPU - 11 Processing Unit and software for programming it .
Optional are a special controller and receiver .
You can buy the kit here .
Video after the break .
Link via ( Slashgear )
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Mar 17 , 2009 in Television
I ’ve loved science fiction for almost as long as I can remember my life — as a child I grew up screaming if my parents would drag me from watching a Star Trek re-run ( in black - and - white no less ) to waste time on something trivial like dinner !
And I came of age in that magical time of the late 70s to the early 80s and watched every new TV show from Space : 1999 to Red Dwarf .
And you want to know a little secret ?
I ’ve always hated the Sci Fi channel ( now branded the SyFy Channel ) from day one — here ’s why :
Firstly they never ran the very rare but great re-runs when they got started .
Yes you could find something like Space : 1999 , but the stuff as a fanboy that I wanted to see — shows like Blake ’s 7 , Max Headroom , Starlost , and yes Star Blazers where never anywhere to be found .
Instead what we got was lame crap like The Powers of Matthew Star and Tales from the Darkside .
You quickly got the feeling that they aired what was cheap rather than what the fanboys wanted to watch .
And speaking of Tales from the Darkside why the hell was there always non-science fiction programming on the channel ?
I ’ve got nothing against horror — and sometimes horror overlaps with science fiction — but Tales from the Darkside was NOT even close to science fiction .
And so from the beginning I quickly got the idea that the folks who ran the channel did n’t even know what science fiction was , or did n’t seem to care .
Today you look at the channel and you see junk like wrestling shows or Who Wants to Be a Superhero ?
and you wonder why do they even keep the damn name ?
Instead of trying to be cyber they should rename the channel to G4 and get it over with ( except for the fact that as sad as G4 is , they have more nerd appeal at this point than SyFy ) .
And now for another ugly bit of truth : I ’ve always the “ original programming ” on the channel .
It never really took a chance , they turned out tons of space aliens running around cardboard sets .
When you look at what other cable channels have done during the last twenty years the SyFy channel has n’t done much that stands the test of time .
Back in the day MTV came out with cool things like Aeon Flux or just think of all the great shows on HBO or Showtime — what ’s been produced for the SyFy channel feels lightweight and lacking in originality .
And yes I ’ll put the Sopranos or first season of Six Feet Under up against Galactica any day of the week .
And lastly there ’s my favorite topic — Anime !
In the 90s the SyFy channel got involved with anime early on by showing films like Project A - ko .
But alas they never kept up with the times , it ’s sad and pathetic that Cartoon Network ate their lunch all these years with Adult Swim and Toonami .
When I think of all of the great anime that I ’ve watched the last ten years ( The Big O , Cowboy Bebop , Samurai Champloo , etc. ) none of those shows have ever been seen on the SyFy channel .
In fact it feels like I ’ve seen some good anime shows everywhere except for the SyFy channel at this point .
I guess I should n’t be upset : After all MTV no longer plays music videos and CNN no longer seems to be interested in breaking news , and now the SyFy channel officially does n’t care about fanboys .
When they first went on the air I had that bit of hope , hell I remember they even gave Harlan Ellision air time — but now that time has long since passed .
And now I gladly throw dirt on the coffin of the Sci Fi channel …
DUBAI , March 9 ( Reuters ) - Syria President Bashar al - Assad said in an interview published on Monday that a peace deal with Israel was possible but that normal relations would only be possible if Israel ended its conflict with the Palestinians .
" There will perhaps be an embassy and formalities , but if you want peace then it has to be comprehensive .
We give them the choice between comprehensive peace and a peace agreement which does not have any real value on the ground , " al - Assad was quoted as saying in the United Arab Emirates daily al - Khaleej .
" There is a difference between a peace agreement and peace itself .
A peace agreement is a piece of paper you sign .
This does not mean trade and normal relations , or borders , or otherwise , " he said .
" Our people will not accept that , especially since there are half a million Palestinians in our country whose position remains unresolved .
It is impossible under these terms to have peace in the natural sense . "
Syria and Israel held indirect talks last year under Turkish mediation .
Talks focused on the Golan Heights which Israel captured in a 1967 Middle East war and on Syria 's relationship with Iran , Hamas and the Lebanese Hezbollah group .
Syria is demanding that Israel commits to a withdrawal of Israeli troops from the Golan .
The indirect talks , put on hold due to the resignation of the Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in September , were disrupted further after the recent Israeli war in Gaza .
U.S. Senator John Kerry , chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said after a meeting with Assad in Damascus last month that Syria was prepared to resume the talks but wanted U.S. participation .
Assad said it was in the Palestinians ' interests to coordinate with Damascus over its peace talks with Israel to avoid Israel putting off a resolution with the Palestinians .
" We believe that if Israel signs ( a peace agreement ) with Syria , Israel will put away the Palestinian question , " he said .
Egypt was the first Arab country to sign a peace treaty with Israel but it is often described as a cold peace since relations extend little beyond official government contacts .
( Reporting by Asma al - Sharif , editing by Andrew Hammond and Jon Boyle )
On CNN's " State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country .
This week , King traveled to Missouri to learn about the effects of cutbacks on an already struggling economy .
St. Louis , Missouri , is having to cut back on bus routes .
This could devastate some of the area 's most vulnerable .
BALLWIN , Missouri ( CNN ) -- For Stuart and Dianne Falk , it is a two - bus , 45 - minute trip into downtown St. Louis to head to the gym and to volunteer at a theater group .
And it is a lifeline that ends Friday .
" To be saddled , to be imprisoned , that is what it is going to feel like , " says Stuart Falk .
" It is going to feel like being punished for something we did n't do . "
Stuart and Dianne Falk are both in wheelchairs .
And the bus route that takes them downtown , and to one of the few tastes of personal freedom they have , is being eliminated because of a funding crunch .
In all , two dozen bus routes are being eliminated outright effective March 30 .
Numerous other routes have been shortened or otherwise modified , including less frequent runs .
Light rail service schedules also have been scaled back as part of an effort to close a $ 51 million funding shortfall .
Watch the Falks ride bus that is about to be eliminated »
The reasons for the funding crunch have little to do with President Obama , or the federal government at all for that matter .
But there are several connections to the big national political debates of the past several months , stretching back to last fall .
It was then that St. Louis County voters were asked to vote in favor of a small tax increase to add funding for bus routes and other mass transit operations in the bedroom communities surrounding the city of St. Louis .
Backers were optimistic , but then saw the mood change as the struggles on Wall Street mounted , and dropping 401 ( k ) balances made voters more stingy .
It did n't help , these backers contend , that anger at the first installment of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout also was festering on Election Day .
Now , St. Louis County Executive Charlie Dooley worries the cutbacks will have an adverse effect on an already struggling area economy .
' State of the Union ' John King reinvents Sunday talk : More time , for more politics .
Sunday , 9 a.m. ET see full schedule »
" The worse case scenario to me is this , if we don¹t get people to goods and services , that means businesses will close their doors , that means more jobs are lost , " Dooley told us in an interview on a light rail platform in Clayton just outside the city .
Dooley also said mass transit cutbacks make it harder to attract new businesses .
" We 're talking about economic development and entrepreneurship :
Who is going to come to St. Louis if you can¹t get people back and forth to work ? "
Dooley said .
Efforts to get the state to help close the budget gap have failed .
And while many of those affected see it is a perfect use of the federal stimulus funds the president says are meant to create and save jobs , such spending is not allowed .
Do n't Miss Obama fever still runs hot at St. Louis store
Stimulus money can be used for new mass transit capital projects , such as building new stations or buying new buses .
But the money cannot be used for operational costs , meaning it can not be used to keep existing routes open .
" No , I don¹t think that is right .
Of course , that is not right , " is Dooley 's view .
" I mean at the end of the day , it 's about creating jobs and opportunity .
...
Could the stimulus bill be of a great help to us ?
No question about it . "
Without any cash infusion , Metro says it has no choice but to cut back from 9,125 bus stops to 6,801 , significantly cutting back its reach into the outer ring of St. Louis County .
Riding the buses this week offered a glimpse at the impact .
At one stop Wednesday , a handful of developmentally disabled passengers boarded outside a local facility where they work .
One told CNN she optimistic " something will get done about it " but said she is n't sure how she is supposed to get around after Friday .
Kimberly Barge is a staff attorney at Paraquad , the gym where the Falks and other local disabled residents attend classes .
" People are frustrated , angry -- almost to the point of hopeless in some cases because there are n't many other alternatives for the disability community as far as transportation goes , " Barge told CNN .
Jean McPherson boarded the bus with her infant daughter .
The 20 - year - old is going back to school to get her high school diploma and though short on cash , she says she is now forced to explore buying a used car .
" I might end up losing my job or not being able to take my daughter to day care , " is how she sees the consequence of her bus route being shortened so that it no longer stretches out to her community .
" You can't afford a car ; that is why you use public transportation .
So a lot of people are going to be in a bad situation . "
And the impact goes beyond Metro riders .
Some 200 drivers also are slated to lose their jobs
Shaking her head , Dianne Falk offers this analysis : " That does n't seem like what ( President ) Obama wants . "
All About St. Louis • Missouri • Economic Stimulus • Public Transportation
There the boy , a sixth - grader , attempted to escape , running into the woods , where he was shot in the head .
Found dead over a month later , he was wearing nothing but his socks , underwear , and eyeglasses .
Plenty of people would disagree with that assessment , however , because of his dark past .
On Feb. 9 , 1973 , 12 - year - old John Lindovski was walking home from an after - school square dance in Nashua when Guay picked him up and drove him to a hunters ' club in Hollis .
At lunch yesterday , sitting with Pinckney in the kitchen , Guay said grace .
He thanked the Lord for the blessings before them .
And then , as Guay finished praying and the two men prepared to dig into heaping plates of leftover spaghetti , the pastor reached out to the ex-con , patting him on the shoulder .
But forcing someone to leave is n't exactly easy , or legal .
By order of a federal judge , Guay , 60 , is supposed to remain in New Hampshire to serve three years of parole .
And Pinckney , inviting a reporter into his home for the first time yesterday on the condition that no questions be asked of Guay , made it clear that , protests or not , he and his family are not backing down from their decision to allow Guay to live with them .
In fact , on the contrary , Pinckney said , Guay is becoming a beloved house guest .
The tall , lanky man with a narrow face and bushy gray beard is making himself useful around the house , helping the Pinckney family to complete an addition above the garage .
Fear is rampant and growing .
Many children here are no longer allowed to play outside .
Pinckney said he has received more than one threatening phone call from angry people .
" No Kid Killers , " says one sign in town , hanging off the side of a parked pickup truck .
And people have appealed to elected officials as well .
In a town meeting this week , more than 200 people gathered to ask that Guay go somewhere else .
In recent days , both have become pariahs in this tiny , rural New Hampshire community in the hills outside Concord - Pinckney because of his act of kindness and Guay because of his act of evil .
Some locals do n't claim to understand either , and many want to run Guay out of town .
The two men hardly knew each other a week ago .
But since Friday , when Pinckney invited Guay , recently paroled , to live with him and his family of five children , the two men's lives have become intertwined .
CHICHESTER , N.H. -
At lunchtime yesterday , as reporters circled on the dirt road outside and the Rev. David Pinckney 's cellphone kept ringing , the pastor took a break and sat down for lunch in the kitchen of his home with his new friend , convicted child killer Raymond Guay .
Guay , who was found with the murder weapon , pleaded guilty to second - degree murder and was sentenced to serve up to 25 years in prison .
He completed that term , authorities said , but not without incident , escaping from prison at one point and assaulting an inmate on another occasion .
He received additional prison time for the assault and was paroled from a federal facility in West Virginia last September , at which point the judge ordered him to serve his parole in New Hampshire .
But state officials , including Governor John Lynch , have fought the decision , not wanting any part of Guay .
A stint in Manchester last fall did n't last , and Guay soon found himself in Hartford .
Yet to abide by the federal judge 's order , Guay returned this month to New Hampshire .
Pinckney met him through a prison minister who had counseled Guay behind bars .
Convinced that Guay is a changed man - a convert and devoted Christian - Pinckney decided to take the ex-convict into his home for the next two months .
And so the prickly problem of Raymond Guay came to tiny Chichester , population 2,400 .
" We were warned , " said Pinckney , who has four children , ages 13 to 18 , living at home and a fifth , age 19 , away at school .
" It was said this could disrupt life .
People would n't like it .
He 's not liked .
But at the end of the day , this is what Jesus did .
He defended the defenseless .
He was a friend of sinners . "
Few , if anyone , question Pinckney 's intentions .
The easygoing minister , who preaches on Sundays while wearing jeans and insists that people call him Dave , is well liked and respected in Chichester .
But bringing a high - profile ex-convict , reformed or not , to a rural community where chickens outnumber police officers by a wide margin has not gone unnoticed .
" It 's a quiet town , " said Chichester Selectman Jeff Jordan .
" Somebody 's cows getting out in the road , that 's the worst thing that happens . "
Many people say they moved here from Concord , Manchester , or Portsmouth seeking land , peace and quiet , and safety .
Until recently , Dana Ingram said , she 'd let her four children out to play in the yard without a worry .
And Ken Smith , a 43 - year - old father of two , said he never thought twice about his children running around in the woods after school or going down to their barn .
Smith , who works in Boston , said Chichester has always been a refuge .
" You know that feeling you get when you go camping and you just feel relaxed ? " said Smith , who lives on the same dirt road as Pinckney .
" That 's what happens when I hit my road .
I come back here and it's like , ' Ahhhhh . '
You do n't want to leave . "
But now many locals feel like prisoners in their own homes .
Smith said he will not allow his 11 - year - old daughter to feed her pony , Wilma , alone anymore .
Ingram , who lives near Pinckney , has blocked her back deck with the family 's gas grill , a barrier to make sure the children do not go wandering .
And police understand the fear .
There are just four full - time officers in Chichester .
" My concern is safety , " said Merrimack County Sheriff Scott Hilliard , whose department assists Chichester police .
" That 's the priority , safety of the citizens .
To be perfectly honest , I would n't want Mr. Guay to be living in my town .
I 'm a parent , too . "
Pinckney said he appreciates law enforcement officers ' concerns - and their support .
What 's disappointed him , he said , are the reactions of others , given the lengths he is taking to keep Guay under close watch .
Though Guay is legally free to go where he pleases , he has agreed to Pinckney 's terms that he always remain under adult supervision , and has even volunteered to wear a movement - tracking ankle bracelet like an inmate on house arrest .
" I 'm telling you , there are more dangers on my road with alcohol and firearms than there is with Raymond Guay , " Pinckney said yesterday .
" I would not have brought him into my home if I thought he was a danger to my town , my neighborhood , my neighbors , or my children . "
Some , including the mother of the boy murdered 36 years ago , remain skeptical .
In a phone interview from her home in Colorado yesterday , Charlotte Davis , 73 , said she doubts that Guay is truly a changed man .
She wishes there had been stricter sentencing in 1973 and hopes that no parent , in Chichester or elsewhere , ever has to endure what she has these past three decades .
She thinks of her little Johnny every day , she said , often replaying his final moments , when a strange man left him in the woods to die .
" The worst part is the winters , when the wind is howling outside and you 're curled up in bed , nice and cozy , " she said .
" That 's when I think about my poor little son out there in the freezing cold in his underpants .
Can you imagine ? "
Keith O'Brien can be reached at kobrien@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Obama on His Bowling Skills : ' Like the Special Olympics '
On Jay Leno , president says his bowling skills are " like the Special Olympics . "
LOS ANGELES , March 19 , 2009  -- President Barack Obama went cross-country to deliver his economic message -- but his attempt at a joke about the Special Olympics during the first appearance by a sitting president on " The Tonight Show " could open up controversy on a whole new front .
Towards the end of his approximately 40 - minute taping , the president talked about how he 's gotten better at bowling and has been practicing in the White House bowling alley , even bowling a 129 .
" That 's very good , Mr. President , " Leno said sarcastically .
It 's " like the Special Olympics or something , " the president said .
When asked about the remark , the White House said Obama did not intend to offend .
" The president made an off - hand remark making fun of his own bowling that was in no way intended to disparage the Special Olympics , " White House deputy press secretary Bill Burton said .
" He thinks the Special Olympics is a wonderful program that gives an opportunity for people with disabilities from around the world . "
Facing tough questions about the performance of his Treasury Secretary , $ 165 million in bonuses for AIG officials and anticipating a fight over his $ 3.55 trillion budget , Obama has not had a particularly good week , and it 's unlikely the quip will help matters .
After all , while he may have escaped the Beltway with his trip West , he was still in the political line of fire even before his " Special Olympics " remark .
Republicans upped the negative rhetoric on Obama and his staff today , with critics saying his Leno appearance is a sign that he 's too focused on campaigning and not enough on governing and analyzing how and why the AIG bonus scandal happened .
But Obama used his taping on " Leno " to address some of the issues , restating his support for Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and saying he was " stunned " when he learned of the AIG bonuses .
" People just had this sense of entitlement :
We must be the best and the brightest , " Obama said of the bonuses .
" We 're going to do everything we can to get these bonuses back , " he added .
Obama said Geithner is addressing the nation 's economic problems " with grace and good humor .
He understands that he's on the hotseat . "
" I think Geithner is doing an outstanding job , " Obama said .
" He is a smart guy .
He is a calm and steady guy .
I do n't think people fully appreciate the plate that was handed him . "
Obama made his comments at the show 's taping , and it was unclear whether all of them would actually air later in the evening .
Obama Recharging His Batteries -- or Getting Zapped ?
Earlier , at Edison Electric Vehicle Technical Center in Pomona , Calif . -- where he toured a lab that incorporates alternative fuel vehicles and tests electric car batteries -- Obama discussed green jobs and touted his economic plan .
" It 's always , always nice to get out of Washington for a little bit , recharge your batteries .
You know a little bit about that here , " the president said to laughter .
He may have been recharging his batteries , but he could n't escape the AIG scandal .
The House of Representatives passed a bill Thursday afternoon to slap a 90 percent tax on bonuses given to employees with family incomes above $ 250,000 .
The president put out a paper statement supporting the bill , but did n't say anything about the legislation in myriad appearances before voters in California .
Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , criticized the president for flying " out to Los Angeles tonight to be on the Jay Leno show .
My suggestion is he come back , since he's taken the full responsibility " for the AIG controversy , " to get his people together and say , ' Alright , I want to know exactly what happened and who did what when and how are we going to prevent this from ever happening the future . ' "
" The AIG bonuses make the president subject to the charge that he 's living above the store but he's not minding it , " said Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tenn .
Alexander even quoted , out of context , a joke Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski made when asked about how the president had picked rival UNC to win the NCAA tournament without even placing Duke in his predictions for the Final Four .
" Somebody said that we 're not in President Obama 's Final Four , and as much as I respect what he 's doing , really , the economy is something that he should focus on , probably more than the brackets , " Krzyzewski said with a laugh .
He then added : " Why would I care about that ?
I love the guy , and I think he 's gonna be great . "
Republicans took the mock offense part of the quote .
" He 's even found time to fill out his NCAA basketball brackets , " said Alexander , who called it " a healthy thing , " but then went on to impugn it .
" He picked North Carolina and he caused the Duke coach , our Olympic coach , Coach K , to say respectfully , ' You might be spending less time on the brackets , Mr. President and more time on the economy . '
I think that 's what we'd like to say , with respect . "
The president responded to the controversy on the Ed Schultz radio show , saying , " Coach K , I think , is a great coach .
And you know , Reggie Love , my assistant , played for Coach K .
And so it 's not surprising .
I did n't pick him to go to the finals .
Look , he 's a competitive guy .
I just do n't think they 've got the inside game to go all the way .
But I look forward to him proving me wrong . "
Republicans today also seized upon comments made by the president 's top aides .
White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel recently was quoted in The New York Times saying that as angry as Obama is about AIG , " his main priority is getting the financial system stabilized , and he believes this bonus furor is a big distraction in that effort . "
In Thursday 's Washington Post , senior adviser David Axelrod is quoted saying , " People are not sitting around their kitchen tables thinking about AIG .
They are thinking about their own jobs . "
In an e-mail , the National Republican Senatorial Committee tried to tie Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. , up for reelection in 2010 , to Axelrod 's and Emanuel 's comments and claimed that by supporting the stimulus bill Lincoln was voting to allow " AIG to distribute huge bonuses with taxpayer dollars . "
" Does Sen. Lincoln -- who has railed against AIG 's handing out taxpayer - funded bonuses as ' outrageous ' -- agree with the Obama White House that the voters in Arkansas who have lost their jobs and their homes ' are not sitting around their kitchen tables thinking about AIG ? ' " asked NRSC spokeswoman Amber Wilkerson .
" After her constituents ' hard - earned dollars were used to pay for these lavish executive bonuses , how can Blanche Lincoln agree with the White House 's assessment that people do not care ? "
And it 's not just the Republicans that have been critical of the Obama aides ' comments .
Liberals are also were troubled .
" I do n't think the administration understands how angry people are out here , " liberal columnist David Sirota said .
The president defended his moves while speaking in California .
" Somebody was saying the other -- today , I think -- that I should n't be on ' Leno . ' [ That ]
I can't handle that and the economy at the same time , " Obama said , chuckling .
As for AIG , he continued the firm language , but tried to channel the outrage into support for his economic plans .
" We cannot allow what happened at AIG to ever happen again in this country , " Obama said this afternoon at a town hall meeting in Los Angeles .
" I know a lot of you are outraged about this .
I 'm outraged , too .
The idea that some of the very people who drove our economy into the ground could accept bonuses with one hand while they were taking taxpayer money with the other goes against our most basic sense of what is fair and what is right .
" We also want to do this because it serves the most important goal we have today , which is to rebuild our economy in a way that is consistent with our values -- an economy that rewards hard work and responsibility , not high - flying finance schemes ; an economy that is built on a strong foundation , not one that 's propelled by overheated housing markets and maxed - out credit cards .
That 's how we 'll bring about a recovery that endures . "
Gordon Brown attempts to launch a political fightback today by declaring that he takes " full responsibility " for his role in the banking failures that led to the global recession , and claims that the downturn marks the end of the era of laissez - faire government .
In an interview with the Guardian , the prime minister concedes that in retrospect he wishes he had mounted a popular campaign 10 years ago to demand more responsible regulation of the world 's financial markets .
He attempts to draw a line under calls for him to make an apology by admitting that the national system of regulation he helped establish in 1997 could not keep pace with the massive global financial flows .
In some of his most extensive comments on his role in the recession , Brown said : " I take full responsibility for all my actions , but I think we 're dealing with a bigger problem that is global in nature , as well as national .
Perhaps 10 years ago after the Asian crisis when other countries thought these problems would go away , we should have been tougher ... keeping and forcing these issues on to the agenda like we did on debt relief and other issues of international policy . "
Brown spoke at the start of a major Guardian series on Labour 's future .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , has exploited the prime minister 's reluctance to make an apology , a tactic which has helped give him a double - digit lead in the polls .
Brown 's remarks will , he hopes , give the party a launchpad to retaliate , insisting that it " is essential for the sake of the country " that Labour wins a fourth term at the next general election , likely to be held next year .
He argues that " only progressive , centre - left governments can address the problems of the global change " .
Brown also claims that " the 40 - year - old prevalent orthodoxy known as the Washington consensus in favour of free markets has come to an end " , but signals a refusal to return to Labour 's comfort zone by saying there will be no return to " big government " , or any let up in public service reform .
" Laissez - faire has had its day .
People on the centre - left and the progressive agenda should be confident enough to say that the old idea that the markets were efficient and could work things out by themselves are gone " , he says .
The Guardian has learned that ministers have separately conceded that the government is now unlikely to go ahead with a planned spending review this summer , partly because the economic outlook is so unstable that it is hard to make meaningful three - year spending forecasts department by department in Whitehall .
During the interview , Brown :
• Refuses to rule out a further British economic stimulus in the April budget .
He promises extra help for hard - pressed savers and says ministers are looking at offloading further public assets in the budget in a bid to balance the books .
• Defends reforms to the part privatisation of the Royal Mail , saying it is right to find an international investor to help with new international investment .
• Insists the G20 summit in London on 2 April will determine whether the world collapses into protectionism .
This , he says , would be " the road to ruin " , parallel to the failed London economic conference in 1933 that made recession a fact of life for the rest of the decade .
• Says the summit will agree new ground rules to control not just the structure of executive pay , but their absolute levels .
He also claims the summit will also signal " the beginning of the end of the offshore tax havens and banking secrecy " .
• Seeks to dispel notions of a split between the US and mainland Europe on whether to back a specific co-ordinated further economic stimulus linked to each nation 's GDP , saying : " It is not about numbers , but about commitments by each continent to coordinate their action . "
The prime minister also argued that the world recession was changing the public 's expectations of business values , and they no longer believe a successful economy has to be based on high levels of risk .
" Most people want business to have the same values as they practise in their everyday life .
People would rather reward hard work rather than risk - taking .
They want to support enterprise and not excess .
They want to support people that take responsibility and not run away from it " .
Giving his fullest defence of his role in the recession , and his refusal to offer an outright apology , he said : " I take full responsibility for all my actions . "
The prime minister said : " We created a system in 1997 which was unified regulation .
Before 1997 it was virtually self - regulation .
We created a statutory system , but around the world we were finding that we had a global set of financial flows and you needed global supervision . "
He added there had been a wider general intellectual failure to understand the dangers of these sophisticated markets .
" The general view of financial practitioners was that the more ownership of products was diversified , the more you limited the danger of risk falling on one institution .
" But actually because of the entangled nature of the financial institutions , what was designed to spread risk actually spread contagion . "
He defended his role in bailing out the banks , saying he had saved them from collapse and claimed his government was the first in the world to impose quantitative targets for lending amounting to £ 50bn this year to banks in which the government holds shares .
Trailer for Land of the Lost .
Space - time vortexes suck !
Will Ferrell stars as has - been scientist Dr. Rick Marshall , sucked into one and spat back through time .
Way back .
Now , Marshall has no weapons , few skills and questionable smarts to survive in an alternate universe full of marauding dinosaurs and fantastic creatures from beyond our world - a place of spectacular sights and super - scaled comedy known as the Land of the Lost .
Sucked alongside him for the adventure are crack - smart research assistant Holly ( Anna Friel ) and a redneck survivalist ( Danny McBride ) named Will .
Chased by T - Rex and stalked by painfully slow reptiles known as Sleestaks , Marshall , Will and Holly must rely on their only ally - a primate called Chaka ( Jorma Taccone ) to navigate out of the hybrid dimension .
Escape from this routine expedition gone awry and they ’re heroes .
Get stuck , and they 'll be permanent refugees in the Land of the Lost .
Based on the classic television series created by Sid & Marty Krofft , Land of the Lost is directed by Brad Silberling and produced by Jimmy Miller and Sid & Marty Krofft .
Duration
2 min 27 sec
Views
451,077
Posted On
February 05 , 2009 Director
Brad Silberling
Writer
Chris Henchy
Studio
Universal Pictures
Release
June 5 , 2009 Cast
Will Ferrell
Danny R. McBride
Anna Friel
Jorma Taccone Trailer Tracks
No Music Available Universal Pictures
Comedy
Adventure
Will Ferrell
Danny R. McBride
Anna Friel
IMAGINE being able to instantly round up your existing supply of antibodies to fight any disease you choose .
That scenario is a step closer to reality following the creation of molecules that transform mouse antibodies into potent cancer killers .
Most vaccines – like those for measles or smallpox – prompt the immune system to build a standing army of antibodies against a virus or bacterium by injecting a deactivated version of the bug into the body .
But it can take weeks or months to build up immunity , and you have to catch people before they get infected .
What ’s more , the approach does n’t …
Twin cameras capture a UK soccer game for later 3D viewing , but which technology will become the standard ?
( Image : Sky )
The Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas last month was overrun with companies demonstrating 3D television systems for the home .
But despite the impressive viewing experiences on offer , the spectre of a lengthy battle between competing formats hangs over the latest shiny offerings .
TV studios and hardware companies alike are now building on the public ’s rediscovered love of 3D movies .
Satellite broadcaster
Sky recently treated press to examples of soccer games and boxing matches filmed in 3D by strapping two regular cameras side by side , and Panasonic last week started to make 3D Blu-ray video discs at its Hollywood factory .
However , anyone interested in a 3D system for the home must pick between three or more very different and incompatible technologies .
At present , material designed for one system usually cannot be played on another .
Advertisement
Polarised views
One approach – already well established for virtual environments used by engineers and surgeons – involves a home theatre projector running at high frequency to deliver left and right images in rapid succession .
The viewer wears LCD spectacles that alternately block the left and right eye view to ensure that each eye only sees the correct viewpoint – timing is synchronised via a wireless link with the projector .
Panasonic ’s 3D offering uses a plasma screen to flash the alternate left and right images , and should be on sale in the near future .
South Korean firm Hyundai uses an LCD screen to display left and right images simultaneously , using a filter over the screen to polarise the two images differently .
The viewer wears polarising spectacles to see 3D image .
This system is already on sale in Japan , where limited 3D TV broadcasts started last year , and has also been adopted by Sky .
‘ Confusing ’ situation
Experts say that the sudden appearance on the market of incompatible rival technologies could hold the 3D home movie back .
“ With several competing technologies – and none of them adopted as industry standards – the fragmentation could seriously impede progress , generate confusion and slow consumer uptake , ” says Sarah Carroll , at consumer electronics research firm Futuresource Consulting .
The closest the industry currently has to a standard is Panasonic ’s campaign to add 3D playback to the Blu-ray standard .
If other manufacturers get on board , the move could lead to a single format for discs or broadcasts that any 3D or even 2D TV set can play .
So far they have put development of competing technologies first .
Photo : Courtesy of Warner Bros. Pictures
Reading Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons ’s splashy , blood - drenched superhero graphic novel Watchmen is a delirious experience — the eye races forward , circles back , and darts around the panels while the brain labors to synthesize the data .
Every breed of crusader is here , working in tandem or at cross-purposes , from the old - fashioned idealist in the cape and cowl to the paramilitary sociopath to the curvy femme in dominatrix garb .
Now the narrator is Rorschach , a grotty right - wing nihilist in a stocking - cap mask﻿ ; now it ’s Dr. Manhattan , an iridescent blue giant in a cosmic funk who sits on Mars and sifts through lost time﻿ .
While our heroes try to solve a murder mystery and forestall a nuclear Armageddon , there are flashbacks and flashbacks - within - flashbacks ; chunks of prose memoir ; a parallel comic - book saga ( a character is reading a pirate comic ) ; glimpses of apocalyptic news events on TV screens ; and backstories that are literally that — they play out at the rear of the frame﻿ .
When I read that Zack Snyder ( 300 ) , the director of the movie , had vowed to stay true to the original ’s spirit by moving the camera as little as possible ( because , you see , comics are laid out a frame at a time ) , I had a Dr. Manhattan–size premonition of doom .
Moore and Gibbons used every tool they could invent to push their medium to its limit — and their work is in the hands of people who ’ve decided to cast off many of their own medium ’s tools in a misguided attempt at fidelity .
How could Watchmen not be dead on the screen ?
It is , at least , an awe - inspiring corpse : huge , noisy , gaseously distended by its own dystopia .
The martial - arts action scenes are full of CGI slooooow motion capped with hyperfast smash - and - splatter .
Fanboys will be pleased that the characters appear to have leaped from the page , while the novel ’s ( dis ) order of events has been meticulously preserved .
In the overture , a wiry dark figure heaves aging superhero the Comedian ( Jeffrey Dean Morgan ) and his smiley - face button out a skyscraper window .
The outlawed - vigilante collective the Watchmen dust off their costumes ﻿and gear and get back in touch — albeit tentatively , since they ’re all weighed down by hopelessness , and since no one but the paranoiac Rorschach ( Jackie Earle Haley ) thinks there ’s a conspiracy afoot .
Dr. Manhattan ( a special effect modeled on Billy Crudup ) is the gloomiest : Estranged from humanity , convinced he ’s carcinogenic , he does his Proust - on - Mars thing while his bodacious girlfriend Laurie , a .k.a.
Silk Spectre II ( Malin Akerman ) , moves in with bespectacled sweetie Dan , a .k.a.
Nite﻿ ﻿ Owl ( Patrick Wilson ) .
Without the big blue Doc to protect the U.S. , the still - in - office Richard Nixon ( Robert Wisden with a putty nose ) watches the Soviets mass on the Afghan border and orders the bombers armed .
Watchmen was conceived at the height of the eighties disarmament movement , after Reagan ’s election inspired waves of fresh doomsday scenarios , and its resolution has dated badly : Outlandish even then , it now seems both insanely pessimistic and naïve .
As you watch the surviving characters slink away after a long two - and - three - quarters hours , you might long for the relative giddiness of The Dark Knight .
There are actors amid the effects , all of them diligent .
Under his excellent mask ( the black splotches ever rearranging themselves ) , Haley would win a hammy - rasp contest against Christian Bale , and as the preening , demented billionaire Veidt , a.k.a.
Ozymandias , Matthew Goode speaks with a lack of inflection that ’s very amusing .
Crudup ( or some dimension of him ) underplays soulfully .
Wilson cleans his oversize glasses with Clark Kentish earnestness .
Bodacious Akerman is va-va - voooom in vinyl , although she sounds like she was dubbed by Natalie Portman ’s Princess Amidala ( a lust - killer ) .
Elements come to fleeting life , but numbness overtakes all .
Alan Moore refused ( in advance ) to put his name on the movie , which must have hurt Snyder and company terribly ; they ’ve made the most reverent adaptation of a graphic novel ever .
But this kind of reverence kills what it seeks to preserve .
The movie is embalmed .
• Patrick Wilson Gets Ready for Superstardom
• Making the Watchmen ’s New York
• Notable Comic - Book Locations
• New York ’s Finest Graphic Novels
• Alex Robinson ’s Comic - Life Highlights
Watchmen
Directed by Zack Snyder .
Warner Bros. Pictures .
R .
In the hierarchy of presidential Cabinet officials , the secretary of transportation is sort of like the brunette on Three 's Company ; you might recognize the name , but you can never quite place it .
That will almost certainly change under the Obama administration , which must repair the infrastructure crumbling beneath our feet .
The president - elect has promised the nation 's governors that he will invest heavily in roads , bridges , schools and other public projects .
It 's a wise move , because such spending is just the thing to reinvigorate our tanking economy .
The president - elect and his transportation secretary face a daunting list of issues .
One of every four bridges nationwide is either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete .
Bringing our drinking water infrastructure up to snuff will cost billions .
Highway congestion eats up $ 78 billion annually through the 4.2 billion hours and 2.9 billion gallons of gasoline we waste sitting in traffic .
" We have severe , serious infrastructure problems , " David Mongan , president of the American Society of Civil Engineers , tells us .
Fixing them will require $ 1.6 trillion over five years .
It will also take transportation secretary with vision .
Obama has n't said much about who might get the job , but the list of names being bandied about includes some top - notch candidates .
As you 'd expect , several congressional lawmakers who serve on various transportation committees make the list , and they 're well qualified for the job .
They include Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio , chair of the House Highways and Transit Subcommittee , and Earl Blumenauer .
He 's a former Portland public works commissioner and member of the House Transportation Committee who founded the Congressional Bike Caucus .
Illinois Rep. Jerry Costello chairs the House Aviation Subcommittee and would be in a position to tackle our woeful air traffic control system .
And we especially like Minnesota Rep. Jim Oberstar , who chairs the House Transportation Committee and moved quickly to secure funding to begin repairing the bridge that collapsed in Minneapolis last year .
Of course , appropriating money is different than spending it wisely , and it's not clear any members of Congress have the vision needed to address the challenges ahead .
For that , President - Elect Obama might do better to look to state transportation officials .
People like New York Transportation Commissioner Janette Sadik - Kahn , New York City Councilman John Liu or Pennsylvania Gov.
Ed Rendell would bring the government experience , ground - level perspective and progressive thinking the Department of Transportation needs to move forward .
Any of them would do a fine job .
That said , the best guy for the job may well be R.T. Rybak , the forward - thinking mayor of Minneapolis .
He 's made sensible and sustainable transportation policy a hallmark of his tenure .
His Access Minneapolis transportation plan calls for bringing streetcars back to the city , building a robust pedestrian network , increasing transit access and capacity and making city streets more bike - friendly .
When the Minneapolis bridge collapsed , he insisted that its replacement have the capacity to support light rail .
His progressive transportation policies have nearly doubled the number of cyclists and , more impressive , made downtown Minneapolis one of the few urban areas to return to the population levels it saw before the flight to the suburbs that followed World War II .
His is exactly the kind of proactive , big - picture thinking we need if we are to address our nation 's infrastructure problems and begin moving us toward smarter growth .
It does n't hurt that he's also the only big city U.S. mayor who 's ever been seen crowd surfing .
Rybak , Liu and Sadik - Kahn certainly are n't safe , conventional choices .
But safe and conventional wo n't solve America 's transportation challenges .
Photo by Flickr user kmf221 .
See Also :
Former French President Chirac hospitalised after mauling by his clinically depressed poodle
Former French president Jacques Chirac was rushed to hospital after being mauled by his own ' clinically depressed ' pet dog .
The 76 - year - old statesman was savaged by his white Maltese dog - which suffers from frenzied fits and is being treated with anti-depressants .
The animal , named Sumo , had become increasingly violent over the past years and was prone to making ' vicious , unprovoked attacks ' , Chirac 's wife Bernadette said .
Former French President Jacques Chirac pictured in his car with his pet , Sumo , the white Maltese Poodle ( file photo ) .
The president has been bitten by his dog
The former president , who ruled France for 12 years until 2007 , was taken to hospital in Paris where he was treated as an outpatient and sent home , VSD magazine reported .
Mrs Chirac said : ' The dog went for him for no apparent reason .
' We were already aware the animal was unpredictable and is actually being treated with pills for depression .
' My husband was bitten quite badly , but he is certain to make a full recovery over the coming weeks . '
The former French First Lady did not reveal where on his body Chirac was bitten .
The pet , named after the Japanese form of wrestling , was a gift to the Chiracs from their grandson Martin .
Recent polls have shown that since leaving office Chirac is now regarded as one of the most popular politicians in France , liked by 70 per cent of people .
In the last days of his presidency , he was much less popular , liked by just 50 per cent of the population .
The Beta version of the upcoming Ubuntu 9.04 ( codename Jaunty Jackalope ) was uploaded a few minutes ago on the official mirrors .
The developers improved the boot process even further and now Ubuntu 9.04 Beta ( with the EXT4 filesystem ) will boot in under 20 seconds on a high - end machine !
Also , the boot splash was changed , the login screen was redesigned , there are two new wallpapers , three new desktop themes ... and you can see them all again in the screenshots below !
The brand new GNOME 2.26.0 desktop environment is also present in Ubuntu 9.04 Beta .
The developers included a technology preview of Eucalyptus in the Server Edition of Ubuntu 9.04 Beta .
Eucalyptus will allow users to deploy Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) - compatible clouds .
The new " dovecot - postfix " package offers an easy - to - deploy Mail Server Stack that supports POP3 , SMTP and IMAP with SASL and TLS .
Last but not least , the following applications were updated in Ubuntu 9.04 Beta : OpenOffice.org 3.0.1 , Compiz 0.8.2 , Pidgin 2.5.6 , The GIMP 2.6.6 , Transmission 1.51 , Mozilla Firefox 3.0.7 , F - Spot 0.5.0.3 , Rhythmbox 0.12.0 .
The kernel packages have also been updated to version 2.6.28-11.37 , based on Linux kernel 2.6.28.8 .
Oil shocks redux
Alan Blinder , Jeremy Rudd
Why did n’t the most recent run-up in oil prices have dramatic effects as in the 1970s ?
Here one of the world ’s leading macroeconomists surveys a variety of explanations : i ) developed countries are now less energy - intensive , ii ) wages are more flexible , iii ) the US auto industry is relatively smaller , iv ) monetary policy now targets core inflation , and recent shocks were to industrial demand , not oil supply .
From the end of 2002 to the middle of 2008 , the US economy was in the throes of a significant oil price shock .
The dollar price of oil rose fivefold , with spot prices briefly hitting $ 145 / barrel .
Even adjusting for inflation , the rise in oil prices was stunning .
At their peak , real oil prices stood about 50 % above their previous record high – reached following the second OPEC oil shock of 1979 - 80 .
( After hitting its 2008 peak , the price of oil fell rapidly , tumbling over the past six months into the $ 30 - $ 50 / barrel range . )
Although the recent run-up in oil prices is comparable in magnitude to the first two OPEC shocks , its effects on the economy seem to have been very different .
Textbook accounts of the 1970s and early 1980s blame “ supply shocks ” ( which included sharp rises in the price of food as well as oil ) for the prolonged periods of both high unemployment and high inflation , or “ stagflation , ” that followed .
By contrast , the most recent increase in oil prices appeared to have very little effect on the expansion that followed the 2001 recession .
( While the US economy did enter a recession at the end of 2007 , this was widely attributed to the collapse in consumer and business confidence that attended the subprime crisis and subsequent financial panic . )
Similarly , core consumer price inflation – inflation excluding food and energy prices – was relatively stable over this period , which again contrasts sharply with the earlier episodes .
One interpretation of the experience of the past several years is that it vindicates “ revisionist ” views of the role played by oil shocks ( and other supply shocks ) in precipitating the stagflation of the 1970s .
According to this view – variants of which have been propounded by DeLong ( 1997 ) , Barsky and Kilian ( 2002 ) , and Cecchetti et al. ( 2007 ) – the root cause of the abysmal macroeconomic performance from 1973 to 1983 was poor monetary policy , not the oil shocks .
For example , in DeLong ’s account of the period , bad memories of the Great Depression ( which left the Fed fearful of using tight money to fight inflation ) and the Fed ’s attempt to exploit what it viewed as a non-vertical long - run Phillips curve created a situation that made a burst of inflation inevitable .
Likewise , Barsky and Kilian see a “ stop and go ” monetary policy as driving both the higher inflation and the higher unemployment of the 1970s and early 1980s .
Indeed , Barsky and Kilian even go so far as to argue that expansionary monetary policies in the US and elsewhere led to both the rise in overall inflation and the rise in the price of oil and other commodities that were observed over this period – implying that the supply shocks themselves were merely symptoms of an underlying policy failure .
In recent work ( Blinder and Rudd 2008 ) , we revisit the textbook account of the stagflation of the 1970s , in which sharp increases in oil and food prices ( and , in the early 1970s , the removal of price controls ) are the principal causes of the spikes in inflation and unemployment that characterised this unhappy period .
We argue that this conventional explanation holds up remarkably well to the accumulation of new data , new theories , and new econometric evidence since it was first advanced more than thirty years ago .
And we provide a critical assessment of the revisionist interpretations that have been proposed more recently .
A comparatively painless oil shock ?
But that still leaves us with a puzzle .
If supply shocks were the key factor behind the poor macroeconomic outcomes of the 1970s and early 1980s , why did n’t the most recent run-up in oil prices have similarly dramatic effects ?
As has been documented by a number of authors – including Hooker ( 1996 , 2002 ) , Blanchard and Gali ( 2007 ) , and Nordhaus ( 2007 ) – oil shocks have had smaller macroeconomic effects since the early 1980s .
The basic stylised facts seem to be that the positive response of core inflation has diminished sharply over time and the negative responses of output and employment have nearly vanished .
Why might that be ?
One reason is obvious .
Thanks largely to an array of market reactions to higher energy prices after OPEC I and II , the US and other industrialised countries are now far less energy - intensive than they were in 1973 .
In the case of the US , the energy content of GDP ( measured as the number of BTUs consumed per dollar of real output ) has fallen dramatically since 1973 and is now about half of what it was then .
By itself , this halving of the US economy ’s energy intensity would also halve the macroeconomic impacts of oil shocks , with the reductions roughly equal for prices and quantities .
However , Hooker ( 2002 ) finds that pass - through from oil prices to other prices has diminished to negligible proportions over time – which is about twice the change that can be explained by energy ’s shrinking share .
Similarly , from 2002 to 2007 , we find that there appears to be essentially no positive relationship between the energy intensity of consumption goods ( measured using input - output coefficients ) and their price change .
So there must be more to the story .
Recent work by William Nordhaus ( 2007 ) explores three possibilities .
The first is that the more gradual nature of the most recent oil price increases muted their effects .
While the cumulative price increase was huge , the rolling oil shock of 2002 - 2008 was far smaller than either OPEC I or OPEC II when viewed on an annualised basis – just 0.7 % of GDP per annum ( through the second quarter of 2006 , when Nordhaus ’ study ends ) versus roughly 2 % of GDP per annum for both OPEC I and II .
It is easier to cope with more gradual oil price increases .
Perhaps more important , Nordhaus uses econometric Taylor rules to estimate that the Federal Reserve responded more to headline inflation until 1980 but more to core inflation afterward .
If so – and if the Fed ’s attempt to keep inflation in check following an oil price increase accounts for a large portion of the effect that higher oil prices have on output , as Bernanke et al. ( 1997 ) argue – then we might expect substantially smaller contractionary effects following the more recent oil shocks because of the limited effect that oil prices now appear to have on core inflation .
Finally , Nordhaus finds modest evidence that wages have absorbed more of the recent oil shocks than was true in the 1970s .
Greater wage flexibility makes the responses to an oil shock more neoclassical ( based on factor substitution in the context of full employment ) and less Keynesian ( based on demand - side effects like the “ oil tax ” ) .
And since simple calculations suggest that neoclassical effects on output are far smaller than Keynesian effects , that change would make oil shocks less powerful .
Blanchard and Gali ( 2007 ) also adduce some modest evidence in favour of greater wage flexibility in recent years .
But their more speculative hypothesis is that the anti-inflation credibility of monetary policy has increased since the 1970s – which would reduce both the inflationary impacts and the output losses from an oil shock , presumably by limiting the reaction of inflationary expectations .
Blanchard and Gali ( 2007 ) do find smaller recent impacts on expected inflation ; but they caution against putting too much weight on the conclusions from their model ( which they themselves characterise as “ primitive ” ) .
Kilian ( 2007 ) adds two other empirically appealing ideas to the list , both connected with international trade .
First , the changed structure of the US automobile industry since 1973 – arguably itself a reaction to the OPEC shocks – means that Americans no longer turn only to imports when they seek smaller , more fuel - efficient vehicles .
As a result , domestic aggregate demand falls by less after an oil shock than it formerly did .
( The SUV craze clearly represented some backsliding in this regard , and the US auto industry – and the rest of the economy – is now paying the price . )
In addition , the domestic auto industry , which is of course especially vulnerable to higher gasoline prices , is a much smaller share of the economy now than in the 1970s .
Second , the rolling 2002 - 2008 oil shock seems to have been driven by strong global demand for industrial output , not by supply or demand shocks specific to the oil market .
While rising oil prices still constitute an “ oil shock ” to importing nations like the US , the recent shock came accompanied by stronger export performance , which cushioned the blow to aggregate demand .
Conclusions
In sum , the search for an explanation of why oil shocks have smaller impacts now than they did in the 1970s has not come up empty .
Rather , it has turned up a long list of factors , no one of which appears to be dominant , but each of which may play some role .
If that is correct , the supply - shock explanation of stagflation remains qualitatively relevant today , but it is less important quantitatively than it used to be .
Thus with luck and sensible policy , food and energy shocks need not have the devastating effects that the supply shocks of the 1970s and early 1980s did .
References
Barsky , Robert B. , and Lutz Kilian .
2002 .
Do we really know that oil caused the Great Stagflation ?
A monetary alternative .
In NBER Macroeconomics Annual 2001 , eds. Ben S. Bernanke and Kenneth Rogoff , 137-183 .
Bernanke , Ben S. , Mark Gertler , and Mark Watson .
1997 .
Systematic monetary policy and the effects of oil price shocks .
Brookings Papers on Economic Activity 1 : 91-142 .
Blanchard , Olivier J. , and Jordi Gali . 2007 .
The macroeconomic effects of oil shocks :
Why are the 2000s so different from the 1970s ?
NBER Working Paper no .
13368 , September .
Blinder , Alan S. , and Jeremy B. Rudd .
2008 .
The supply - shock explanation of the Great Stagflation revisited .
NBER Working Paper no .
14563 , December .
Cecchetti , Stephen G. , Peter Hooper , Bruce C. Kasman , Kermit L. Schoenholtz , and Mark W. Watson .
2007 .
Understanding the evolving inflation process .
US Monetary Policy Forum working paper , July .
DeLong , J. Bradford .
1997 .
America ’s peacetime inflation : The 1970s .
In Reducing inflation : Motivation and strategy , eds . Christina D. Romer and David H. Romer , 247-280 .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Hooker , Mark A. 1996 .
What happened to the oil price - macroeconomy relationship ?
Journal of Monetary Economics 38 ( October ) : 195-213
Hooker , Mark A. 2002 .
Are oil shocks inflationary ?
Asymmetric and nonlinear specifications versus changes in regime .
Journal of Money , Credit , and Banking 34 ( May ) : 540-561 .
Kilian , Lutz. 2007 .
The economic effects of energy price shocks .
University of Michigan , October .
Mimeo .
Nordhaus , William D. 2007 .
Who ’s afraid of a big bad oil shock ?
Brookings Papers on Economic Activity 2 : 219-240 .
Jean - Luc Marion , at the outset of God without Being :
One must admit that theology , of all writing , certainly causes the greatest pleasure .
During the year of my becoming a Catholic , that frought and crazy and inevitable year , I bought a New Oxford Annotated Bible from my college bookstore .
Its over two thousand pages flop between paper covers , now themselves covered with scotch tape and images , cards , and memories that have found a way there over time .
Other bibles have come my way since , in translations other than Oxford ’s sanitized New Revised Standard Version , and in other shapes and sizes .
But this one , alone , I write in .
After six years now , sitting by my bed with a ballpoint pen inside , underlines and reactions and questions mark my paths through the holy thing .
From when I wrote more poems , poems found the empty pages .
Marginal questions written one year get answered by marginal answers written another .
The scripture is edging closer to something else , an indistinct space where the word of God meets commentary upon commentary , and nothing emerges undisturbed .
To quote another Frenchman using the same word , the title of Roland Barthes ’s book comes to mind : The Pleasure of the Text .
Making these scattered marks has been many things : incomprehension , exultation , curiosity , discovery , longing — and wishful thinking .
But what settles to the top is pleasure , as one might remember a secret friendship , even if it were often painful , that took place mainly in the eerie moments that come before falling asleep .
Together , we have created doctrine , we have thought theology .
Who , though , has license to mark up the words of God ?
Certain heresies might disqualify me .
Yet this very Oxford edition , often assigned in Bible - as - literature courses , has met the pens of countless nonbelievers and blasphemers , heretics and idolaters , just like any other literature so assigned .
Months pass when I ignore the text and it ignores me .
The old notes become artifacts of a former self , of a long - gone mood .
Yet they remain on these pages of this book I ’ve made my Bible , in indelible ink , whether I affirm them now or not .
I ca n’t help but read them and be pulled through the layers upon layers of old questions and convictions — scripture sacrificed at the altar of its earnest reader .
Noam Friedlander in Los Angeles .
Photograph : Dan Tuffs
My back fat saved my life .
For a woman who has spent most of her life dieting , this statement rankles .
But my muffin top protected me when I was shot with a high - powered air rifle fired by an unknown sniper at 2.15 pm in a residential neighbourhood in Los Angeles .
Had I been the usual LA size - zero stereotype , I would probably have been killed .
Or paralysed .
I had decided to move to Los Angeles seven weeks before .
It was bleak and cold in England and I needed some sunshine so I left my job at a national newspaper , packed my life into storage and came out to LA to follow the American dream .
Initially , everything went well .
After three days ( I 've got dual nationality ) , I started working as an assistant for a Hollywood director .
My emails home were filled with tales of the mundane ( fixing his pool heater and the dishwasher ) and the exciting ( meetings at film studios ) .
And then I got shot in the back .
Thanks to the movies , most of us think we know Los Angeles .
We know Crenshaw and South Central are the places to avoid and West Hollywood is the chi-chi part of town , home to the Grove - a cheaper Rodeo Drive .
I had left the Grove and wandered down to a coffee shop to buy a brew , before meandering towards the Palazzo - a block of flats filled with wealthy divorcees , wannabes and actors .
This was my mistake .
No one walks here .
Everyone , but everyone , drives .
A friend had offered to let me stay in their empty apartment and had arranged for someone to pass on the keys .
As I was waiting just outside the security gates , something flew past my ear .
Someone 's throwing rocks at me , I thought .
I moved slightly closer to the security guards and sipped my tea .
It happened again , and then again .
The third time I felt something hit me in the back and a stabbing pain .
I put my hand to where it hurt and when I removed it , it was covered in blood .
I had been shot .
I looked around .
There was no one .
Stunned , but not yet feeling any pain , I ran towards the security guards shouting : " I 've been shot ! "
Their reaction - was I sure ?
I lifted up my top ( black , which spoiled the drama of a bloodstained shirt ) and there was a bleeding hole in my flesh .
" Call the police , " I screamed while they asked mundane questions , such as my age .
I started swearing .
In fact , I swore with the total freedom and abandonment of a woman who has just been shot in the back by a sniper .
I swore at them to get the police to me right away .
And I swore at them to get me a paramedic .
And then I burst into tears .
Fortunately , a paramedic was making a visit nearby .
He confirmed that I had been shot , but warned me about getting into an ambulance .
It would cost me at least $ 200 ( £ 140 ) to order one .
And if the paramedics touched me , I would be charged .
At that moment I really missed the NHS .
I flagged down a car .
It turned out to be the woman with my new house keys .
I had n't met her before , but begged her to drive me to hospital , apologising as I seeped blood into her passenger seat .
When I arrived they took my blood pressure .
Normal .
So I was sent to the holding bay .
I realised I was going to be late to meet my boss so I emailed : " Not that I want to freak you out , but I 've just been shot and I have to have the bullet removed .
Will call when out of ER .
I 'm probably in shock right now . "
It was n't my finest hour .
I walked around , trying to stem the bleeding before , finally , I was taken to the ER .
By now the blood had slowed to a trickle - but I was in agony .
As I held back my tears , I was approached by the hospital money person , who walked softly carrying a big clipboard .
Before I knew it , she was demanding a credit card .
I kept saying : " I have no money .
Nothing . "
She was having none of it .
I 've since found out that I could have refused as it is their duty to treat me .
Next time I get shot I 'll know what to do .
The ER was chaos .
Unlike TV's ER they only had one ( albeit charming ) doctor on duty so I lay there bleeding and worrying about money .
I was finally examined and x-rayed .
They spotted the bullet wedged in my back fat - in fact it had travelled three inches into my back fat and gone down to what I would like to term lower back but others have called my arse .
Or as it 's America , ass .
Six x-rays later , my costs were spiralling .
My friend Tamara turned up to hold my hand and told me to stop panicking .
It would be fine .
We would find the money .
Then she started taking pictures for Facebook .
But after the ER doctor failed to remove the bullet under local anaesthetic , I was told I needed an operation to remove it .
Surgery costs thousands so I discharged myself , after being stitched up and went home to phone my insurance company .
It was 7 am in Britain .
The woman at the call centre , near Manchester , had just started her shift .
" Hi. I 'm in Los Angeles .
I 've just been shot .
I need surgery .
I 've checked myself out of the ER .
They 've already taken $ 1,000 off my credit card .
Can you cover my costs ? "
There was a pause as she processed the information - and put me on hold .
At least nothing 's changed back home , I thought .
A month on , the police are still investigating .
They are calling it attempted murder , but I 'm still waiting to hear .
Apparently it 's a busy precinct .
So far there has been nothing from anyone .
Jack Bauer can save the world in 24 hours , but a gunman fires at civilians and nothing is done .
So I have decided to launch my own investigation .
I discovered that I 'm the sixth person to be shot in the same location .
The security guards wo n't leave the guardhouse and local people are too scared to walk along that stretch of pavement for fear of being used as target practice in an allegedly safe area .
Meanwhile , after a hard - fought battle between my travel insurance and the US health system , I found a surgeon and had a two - hour operation to remove the " foreign object " .
I 'm now refusing to walk anywhere other than the beach but I 'm not ready to come home .
I 've got a criminal investigation to see through and surely someone to sue ?
After all , this is America .
No doubt , my sniper will be a spoiled teen who wants to brag on the internet .
So I 'm scanning YouTube to see if I 've become a featured item .
Now I 'm in LA I can't help , but think of my on - screen cachet .
As yet I 'm nowhere to be seen but it 's surely only a matter of time .
I 've lost my appetite , but I am forcing myself to eat .
If LA has taught me anything , it 's that a spare tyre is a life - saver .
I 'm never going to diet again .
Ask Havi # 20 : Am I just giving in ?
Note : it is almost impossible to get on the Ask Havi list .
This person got in by a.
being one of my clients or students , b. flattering the hell out of my duck , and c. making life easy on me by being clear about what the question was and what details I could use .
Thanks to the lovely and thoughtful Maryann Devine for today ’s Ask Havi .
With permission , as always .
The question .
Hi Havi I ca n’t tell you how much you ’ve helped me between the insights you provide daily in your blog , and the techniques and concepts you put together in your ebooks and audio .
Seriously , thank you .
Here ’s my question : I think there are just some things that are not in one ’s nature , and there ’s no reason to force yourself .
But how can you tell if you are being true to yourself , or just giving in to what feels safe ?
Here is a concrete example from my life : I ’m an introverted person .
That does n’t mean I do n’t like people , or do n’t enjoy being with them , or even meeting new people , but it takes a * lot * out of me .
I ’m not afraid to stand up and talk in front of people , but it is completely draining for me .
I hear a lot of advice about the importance of face - to - face , and even get great opportunities to do in - person stuff like this .
Part of me says , you should do this , everyone says it will help , and another part says , you just do n’t have this in you , and it does n’t make sense to force it .
p.s. I also think I ’m procrastinating about _________ .
And an answer .
Ohmygod .
This is a really , really rich question that pretty much deserves an entire book to be written about it .
Here ’s my off - the - top - of - my - head answer , though :
Assume for now that you ca n’t tell if you ’re being true to yourself or just giving in .
Have that be your starting point .
And then give yourself permission — temporary permission , if that feels better — to not do the thing you do n’t want to do .
In fact , let ’s make it easier .
Selma and I will give you permission to Not Do The Thing , and that way if you have resistance to giving yourself permission , we can sneak around it .
This is how the experiment works .
If you consciously and actively allow yourself to Not Do The Thing , and you consciously and actively observe your reactions , then you ’re not “ just giving in ” .
You ’re experimenting .
You ’re experimenting with being kind to yourself .
You ’re finding out what happens when you do things without guilt .
When you — whoah — make a love - based decision instead of a fear - based decision .
And then you pay attention to what comes up .
Removing guilt from the equation makes everything clearer .
If you ’re not doing the thing just because you think you should , and you ’re not beating yourself up for giving in , then you just happen to be Not Doing The Thing .
And then you can find out whether that feels okay or not .
As long as you ’re doing it ( or not doing it ) mindfully and without guilt , you ’ll get the right result .
The right result ?
What does that even mean ?
I do n’t know .
But you will .
For example …
Maybe you ’ll discover that when you allow yourself to Not Do The Thing instead of guilting yourself into it , that you ’re not as scared of it as you thought you were .
Could be that you were just stuck in resistance mode .
Maybe now you will want to do it , but your own way .
And you ’ll get some insights into what that way is .
Or maybe you ’ll discover that Not Doing The Thing is not giving in at all , but just gathering the information that will help you find a different way to achieve what you want .
Or maybe you ’ll discover that you really , truly , 100 % do n’t want to Do The Thing , in which case , good for you .
Now you know for sure .
Do n’t do it !
In this specific case …
Okay , I totally identify with this one because I ’m also an extremely introverted person .
Not only that , but I ’m also a Highly Sensitive Person in the Elaine Aron sense of the word , which I suspect you are too .
This means , among other things , that we take a lot longer to recover from social interactions than “ normal ” people .
Anyway , you have my permission to deshouldify !
Did you know …
In 2007 I was teaching live events twice a month and in 2008 I only taught a couple live events ?
And I made way more money .
And had more time .
And taught a lot online which was really fun because you can have 100 + people on a phone call while you ’re snuggling in bed with your duck …
So let me ask you a question …
What would happen if you made a commitment to yourself to help yourself feel SAFE AND SUPPORTED this year in whatever form that took ?
So you could give yourself permission to just not teach live for a while .
And then you can work on figuring out which patterns are the important ones .
Maybe feeling safe and supported will mean that you ’ll start taking steps to make live teaching easier for you .
Or maybe it will mean that you ’ll want to build in more recovery time .
Or maybe it will mean that you ’ll want to experiment with teleclasses .
I would never say “ Oh , you just do n’t have this in you . ”
Because you do n’t know that yet for sure .
You still do n’t even know what you ’re like when you ’re not swimming in shoulds and guilt .
Which means that you ca n’t know what you want or need yet .
But maybe you ’re allowed to not know .
This is what I would practice saying to myself in your case :
“ I do n’t have to force it right now .
Right now I do n’t feel comfortable with this , and this is where I am right now .
Maybe it will change .
In the meantime , I ’m going to go back to this conscious , intentional , being - kind - and - patient - with - myself thing . ”
That ’s what I think .
p.s. About _________ .
No , it ’s not procrastination !
Absolutely not .
You ’re obviously thinking about it and processing with it and interacting with it .
You ’re fine !
And her response …
Havi , your advice is , as usual , comforting and thought - provoking at
the same time — thank you !
Hearing your recommendations makes me realize that I attach a lot of
“ shoulds ” to issues around face - to - face networking / workshop - giving / teaching , etc. — “ Important People think I should do these things !
So , I should , right ? ”
And I feel guilty when people are generous with opportunities like that — I feel obliged to do whatever I ’m offered .
It sounds obvious now , but I really did n’t realize all that , in working it out on my own .
Thank you !
And now the part that ’s for you .
I know the thing you ’re working on is n’t exactly the thing that Maryann is working on , but I also know that you ’re smart enough to start applying the principles to your own thing .
So I ’ll just say : there is power in consciously , actively and intentionally Not Doing The Thing and seeing what happens .
And there is also power in consciously , actively and intentionally trying The Thing .
But either way , at least we ’re shifting the focus away from the guilt and towards the “ what am I learning about myself here ” part .
And magnifying the problem , for many chains , is a heavy burden of debt that they took on , mostly in a spree of buying other newspapers from 2005 to 2007 , just before the bottom dropped out of the business .
The Tribune Company , for instance , owner of The Chicago Tribune , The Los Angeles Times and other papers , filed for bankruptcy in December , largely because of its debt load .
The reality is that even though the economic climate is hard for newspapers , without their debt payments the publishers in bankruptcy would still make money , as do most newspapers around the country .
But profits are shrinking fast ; taken together , major chains had an operating profit margin of about 10 percent in 2008 , down from more than 20 percent as recently as 2004 , according to research by John Morton , an independent analyst .
The recent closures and threatened closures point to an ominous new trend .
For The Chronicle , The Rocky , The Star - Ledger , The Citizen and others , debt was never the problem and they belonged to solvent companies , but still they have been losing money .
Analysts say that many other major papers have also slid into red ink recently , including The Washington Post and The Boston Globe ( which is owned by The New York Times Company ) .
The steady trickle of downsizing that sapped American papers for almost a decade has become a flood in the last few years .
The Los Angeles Times still has one of the largest news staffs in the country , about 600 people , but it was twice as big in the late 1990s .
The Washington Post had a newsroom of more than 900 six years ago , and has fewer than 700 now .
The Gannett Company , the largest newspaper publisher in the country , eliminated more than 8,300 jobs in 2007 and 2008 , or 22 percent of the total .
Image The Star Tribune , the leading daily in Minneapolis , filed for bankruptcy in January .
Credit ... Ben Garvin for The New York Times
On Wednesday , The Miami Herald , once the celebrated flagship of the Knight Ridder chain , said it would trim an additional 19 percent of its already diminished staff .
Scientist and atheist Richard Dawkins backed the campaign
An atheist campaign claiming " There 's probably no God " has been reported to the advertising regulator .
Posters with the slogan appear on 800 buses in England , Scotland and Wales , as well as on the London Underground .
But organisation Christian Voice has complained to the Advertising Standards Authority saying they break rules on substantiation and truthfulness .
The British Humanist Association , which backed the campaign , said it was not taking the complaint seriously .
There is plenty of evidence for God , from people 's personal experience , to the complexity , interdependence , beauty and design of the natural world
Stephen Green
Christian Voice
The ASA 's code states " marketers must hold documentary evidence to prove all claims " .
The regulator said it would assess the complaint and decide whether to contact the advertiser .
' Peals of laughter '
The adverts contain the slogan : " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
But Stephen Green , national director of Christian Voice , said : " There is plenty of evidence for God , from people 's personal experience , to the complexity , interdependence , beauty and design of the natural world .
" But there is scant evidence on the other side , so I think the advertisers are really going to struggle to show their claim is not an exaggeration or inaccurate , as the ASA code puts it . "
The campaign was dreamed up by comedy writer Ariane Sherine and was supported by scientist and vocal atheist Richard Dawkins .
Hanne Stinson , chief executive of the British Humanist Association , said : " I 've sought advice from some of our key people here , but I 'm afraid all I 've got out of them so far is peals of laughter .
" I am sure that Stephen Green really does think there is a great deal of evidence for a God ( though presumably only the one that he believes in ) , but I pity the ASA if they are going to be expected to rule on the probability of God 's existence . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nebula Award Winners and Hugo Award Winners for Best Novel by Richard Davies
The Hugo Awards and the Nebula Awards are the traditional yardsticks for fantasy and science fiction writing and have been for decades .
Winners are guaranteed a place in literary history and first editions of these acclaimed novels have become highly collectible .
If money was no object and you wanted to create the ultimate modern science fiction and fantasy rare book collection in a single swoop , then you missed the boat - recently The Fine Books Company in Rochester , Michigan , offered first editions of all the Hugo and Nebula Award - winning novels for a cool $ 116,530 .
The collection has now sold .
The listing included 126 books covering 82 titles ( many titles won both awards ) , and 95 % of the titles were signed or inscribed , and in fine or better condition .
When a paperback is the true first edition , then the first hardcover is also included .
In some cases , US and UK hardcovers had been included where the paperback was the true first .
The Hugos began in 1953 , the Nebulas started in 1965 and the list of books honored – by one or the other , or sometimes both - includes Dune by Frank Herbert , Starship Troopers by Robert A. Heinlein , The Man in the High Castle by Philip K. Dick , Rendezvous With Rama by Arthur C. Clarke , The Dispossessed by Ursula K. Le Guin , Foundation ’s Edge by Isaac Asimov , Neuromancer by William Gibson , Ender ’s Game by Orson Scott Card , American Gods by Neil Gaiman , and Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell by Susanna Clarke .
Both the Hugo and Nebula Awards are to be celebrated not only for their recognition and reward of science fiction writing , but also their dedication to the inclusion and consideration of lesser - known writers , and the resulting publicity to them .
As well , the Hugo in particular is dedicated to excellence : in an unusual option , voters can select " no award " if they feel no entrant was worthy of being named .
If the " no award " category receives the most votes , there will not be a winner named that year , although that has never occurred in the Best Novel category .
Both awards eschew exclusivity , as well , taking into account applicable selections from writers whose typical genre may not be strictly science fiction or fantasy , but literature or contemporary fiction .
For example , Michael Chabon 's novel The Yiddish Policeman 's Union took the Hugo in 2008 .
The Nebula Awards are handed out by the Science Fiction & Fantasy Writers of America and their annual event celebrates the books of the previous year .
The Hugos are chosen by members of Worldcon and the event is named after Hugo Gernsback , the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine Amazing Stories .
Welcome to A.io ® The Domain Marketplace !
Virtual Presence , Global Reach ! ®
Browse around and let us know if you have any questions !
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
If you 're out of work like Steve Lippe , who was laid off from his job as a salesman in January , you know you already have problems .
But looking at the fine print that came with his new unemployment debit card , he became livid .
A brochure that goes out to Pennsylvanians seeking unemployment via debit card lists a number of fees .
" A $ 1.50 [ fee ] here , a $ 1.50 there , " he said .
" Forty cents for a balance inquiry .
Fifty cents to have your card denied .
Thirty - five cents to have your account accessed by telephone . "
He was quoting fees listed in a brochure that goes out to every unemployed person in Pennsylvania who chooses to receive benefits via debit card .
He was given the option when he filed for jobless payments :
Wait 10 days for a check or get the card immediately .
Like most of the 925,000 state residents who received unemployment benefits in February in Pennsylvania , he chose the debit card and only then , he says , did he learn about the fees .
" I was outraged by it , " he told CNN .
" I was very noisy about it .
I just could n't believe it .
An outrage is just too weak a word .
It 's obscene . "
According to the U.S. Department of Labor , 30 states offer direct deposit cards to the unemployed .
Many of the nation 's biggest banks have contracts with the individual states .
JP Morgan Chase , for instance , has contracts with seven states and has pending deals with two others , according to Chase spokesman John T. Murray .
About 10 states , the Labor Department says , pay by check only .
The National Consumer Law Center says fees range from 40 cents to a high of $ 3 per transaction , if the debit card is used at an out - of - network ATM .
Most banks give jobless debit card users one free withdrawal per deposit period , which averages every other week in most states .
But consumer advocates , including the Law Center , say the unemployed " should be able to obtain cash and perform basic functions with no fees . "
A key Democratic member of the House Financial Services Committee , which oversees bank regulation and the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , told CNN she agrees wholeheartedly .
" Fees should not be attached to unemployment benefits that the taxpayers are paying to help Americans , " Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - New York , told CNN .
" Particularly , these fees should not be attached by banks that are getting TARP money and are being supported by taxpayer dollars . "
CNN asked some of the major banks involved in the debit card program for a response .
Spokesmen for JP Morgan Chase , Wachovia , Bank of America and Wells Fargo all directed us to the individual state governments for comment .
The acting secretary of labor and industry for Pennsylvania is Sandi Vito .
Via e-mail , her staff invited CNN reporters to Allentown , Pennsylvania , where she was taking part at a public meeting at an elementary school .
Afterward , she said , she would answer questions about the debit card fees .
But when the meeting ended , her staff said she was too busy to talk .
Watch Vito leave meeting in a hurry »
Her spokesman , Troy A. Thompson , spoke with CNN after Vito left .
" The distribution system for people getting their benefits has been improved by the use of debit cards , way above and beyond the distribution by check , " he said .
The U.S. Department of Labor provided what it called " talking points " to CNN when asked for comment on the fee structure .
" States can do a better job negotiating fees with banks , " the department said .
" Many states have obtained terms far more favorable to claimants than those described in media reports . "
In addition , according to the talking points , the Labor Department said it was aware states are offering unemployment debit cards for good reasons :
• It is less expensive for claimants without bank accounts because they do n't need to pay check cashing fees .
• Claimants can use the card free at merchants and therefore do n't need to carry excess cash .
• Generally , these cards are safer and more secure than checks .
" We will be working with states as they gain experience with debit cards to resolve these problems related to fees , " the Labor Department said .
All About U.S. National Economy • U.S. Department of Labor • Job Losses • Troubled Assets Relief Program
A majority of respondents to a recent Stod 2 and Frettabladid poll were against Iceland applying to join the European Union .
53.9 percent of respondents did not want Iceland to apply , while 46.1 percent were positive towards the idea .
A majority of Social Democrat voters ( 77.5 percent ) were pro EU membership application , but other voters were much less positive , mbl.is reports .
Similar polls conducted since the banking crash in October suggested that the country was strongly in favour of EU membership .
Read more here .
Matthew Elliott , Chief Executive at the TaxPayers '
Alliance said : " This is a prime example of the Government making a fast buck from taxpayers .
The Government says one thing and does the exact opposite : they claim to be delivering real help to ordinary people in the credit crunch , and yet at the same time rip them off with an inflated interest rate and pocket the difference .
Drinkers object to Jack Daniel 's watering whiskey down NASHVILLE ( AP ) 
If you 've noticed that your Jack Daniel 's is carrying a little less kick these days , you 're probably right .
The famed " sippin ' whiskey , " which advertises a recipe traced back to the nation 's first registered distillery , has lowered the alcohol content of its flagship brand , Old No.7 Black Label .
Jack Daniel 's straight up or mixed with ginger ale wo n't be what it used to be .
By Greg L'Heureux , USA TODAY
The whiskey now registers 80 proof , instead of 86 ( or 40 % alcohol versus 43 % ) , and some drinkers feel betrayed .
" You can't screw with a legend like that and get away with it , " said Frank Kelly Rich , editor of Modern Drunkard magazine .
" I 'm sure Jack is spinning in his grave . "
The company says the switch was made because most customers prefer the less potent mix , which was marketed first in a few states and some overseas markets .
The transition was completed earlier this year .
Those who want a stiffer drink can buy specialty versions like Jack Daniel 's Single Barrel at 94 proof , the company said .
" We were just doing what we think most of our friends and customers wanted , " said Roger Brashears , who has worked at Jack Daniel 's in Lynchburg since the 1960s .
" Our quality control is very scientific .
It comes down to how it tastes . "
The company touts Old No. 7 as " a simple reminder that some things just never change .
And should n't .
This is the old - time whiskey made as our fathers made it . "
The uproar was started by a few whiskey drinkers who think Jack should stick to that promise .
An online petition asking the company to switch back has gathered about 700 signatures .
" If that 's what the people wanted , they would have announced it in an ad — ' Look we lowered the proof for you , ' " said Rich , who calls his magazine " the voice of the recreational drinker . "
Rich said the company pushed the change through without any fanfare and whiskey drinkers are just now picking up on it , saying it tastes sweeter and does n't pack the same punch .
Jack Daniel 's gets to 80 proof by adding a little more water to the raw whiskey that comes out of barrels after four years at roughly 125 proof , Brashears said .
" I ca n't tell that difference , " he said .
" We have n't done anything to affect the quality that has made us so many friends over the years . "
It is not the first time drinkers have felt burned by Jack .
Roughly 17 years ago , the company lowered the proof of its famed whiskey from 90 to 86 .
Enough is enough , says Rich .
" I 've switched to Maker 's Mark since , " he said .
" I used to drink a bottle a week .
Some of our board members drink three bottles a week .
Once this gets out , it will be like the New Coke thing — they 'll have to bring it back . "
Competitors also jumped on Jack Daniel's .
Jim Beam Brands Worldwide Inc. noted it has no plans to lower the alcohol content of its 210 - year - old recipe .
" I think it 's interesting that our primary competitor says they 've been true to their roots yet they 've lowered their proof and altered their recipe , " said Dave Racicot , senior director of global marketing for Jim Beam , which is distilled in Clermont , Ky .
The whiskey recipe is still the same , including four years of aging in wood barrels .
Old No. 7 , which Jack Daniel 's says is the country 's most popular whiskey with 7 million cases shipped last year , continues to sell well .
It is closing in on Johnnie Walker Black Label scotch whisky as the world 's No. 1 seller , said Phil Lynch , spokesman for Brown - Forman Corp. , the Louisville - based company that owns Jack Daniel's .
Lynch said the company uses the same ingredients and time - honored process it always has — including the charcoal filtering that makes Tennessee whiskey different than Kentucky bourbon .
Rich said the company was saving money by adding more water , but Jack Daniel 's said any savings were canceled by the expense of having to change its labels .
" We do n't think it 's appropriate to have a magazine called Modern Drunkard dictate how we make our whiskey , " Lynch said .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
To realize the scale of the challenge facing Microsoft as it pulls the web around to Internet Explorer 8 , you need look no further than the list of sites that fail to render properly on the browser .
All - about - Microsoft blogger Mary - Jo Foley has reported that - out of the box - the current IE 8 release candidate will not work with at least 2,400 web sites .
That 's " major " sites as defined by Microsoft and excluding many more considered too small or too niche by the company .
That list includes , yes , Microsoft and MSN , in addition to high - volume sites such as the BBC , CNN , Google in various geographies , Apple , PayPal , Amazon , and major UK sites such as Barclays , Tesco , the Royal Mail , and ITV .
Those sites and more are included on a Compatibility List that was announced this month for inclusion in the current release candidate of IE 8 .
Out of the box , IE 8 will work in default mode , so it 'll render sites using support for new standards like CSS 2.1 .
However , there 's millions of sites out there that have been built to work with previous versions of IE that do not fully comply with internet standards .
Microsoft introduced a compatibility view mode that would let you switch over to viewing sites that do not support IE 8 without seeing this kind of scramble - image courtesy of Microsoft :
How the web can look in IE 8 , according to Microsoft
It seemed , though , that people were having trouble switching between the standard - based default mode and the non-standard compatible compatibility mode .
So they were getting scrambled results regardless .
Microsoft in January announced the Compatibility List as a list of sites that are not compatible with IE 8 but that would render automatically , without the need for users manually switching modes .
You - the user - download the list .
IE 's support for web standards has been like a rising balloon for Microsoft , to paraphrase Withnail and I 's philosophical drug dealer Danny .
Should it continue holding on and keep getting higher , perpetuating the messy failure to comply with web standards ?
Or should it let go before it's too late , to end the standards - compliance madness ?
There was never going to be any good time or a pain - free option , given the huge installed base of sites that work with IE .
Judging by types of companies on the 2,400 - strong list of sites that currently do not work , it seems the pain is just beginning for Microsoft and for web surfers .
Ignore for a moment that these are the " major " domains , and not the millions of lesser sites that individuals might come to rely on .
The fact is these major sites have either not heard or have ignored Microsoft 's outreach to update their sites to support IE 8 .
If it 's the former , then Microsoft has not made a large enough effort or contacted the right people to ensure organizations make the necessary changes .
If it 's the latter , then Microsoft faces some major hurdles .
New versions of IE take a year or so to flood the market , so sites can afford to put off the move to IE 8 .
Unlike the last time a new version of IE shipped - when the customer and industry migration to a version of IE was a given - organizations will likely want to see some evidence of uptake .
Microsoft will need to make the case for support for IE 8 in a world where rival browsers - Firefox and Chrome - have either growing adoption or weighty corporate patronage .
The final challenge comes in the fact many of the names on that list are brand - conscious and interested in connecting to users online - in terms of delivering content or product information .
They will be debating what do around Rich Internet Applications ( RIAs ) .
The choice of what browser to support will likely be couched in terms of what RIA player to endorse - AIR , Silverlight , Moonlight , plain - old AJAX - and whether the browser or browsers they elect are also the best choice for delivering such content .
Expect Microsoft 's compatibility list to get a lot longer before it starts to shrink . ®
In a move that will clearly distance itself from one - time ally Apple , world - famous alternative rock band U2 revealed plans for its upcoming tour to be sponsored by Apple rival Research in Motion , in what the two sides are calling a " shared vision . "
What had once been a very close relationship between U2 and Apple seems to be over .
As the band prepares its new Live Nation - presented U2 360 tour — expected to be its biggest yet — the band has announced Research In Motion with its BlackBerry line of smartphones will be the tour 's major sponsor .
" This tour announcement marks the first stage of a relationship and shared vision between RIM and U2 that we expect will lead to new and innovative ways to enhance the mobile music experience on the BlackBerry platform for U2 fans , " said manager Paul McGuinness .
" We look forward to sharing more details as the relationship unfolds . "
The tour will visit fourteen European cities , then move to North America with a September engagement at Soldier Field , the home of the Chicago Bears football team .
" I think this deal says a lot more about U2's commercialism and partnership with Live Nation than it does about the future of iPod and Apple 's ongoing influence in the music industry , " CNBC 's Jim Goldman said about the matter .
In October 2004 Apple and the band hosted a special event together to introduce the new black and red iPod U2 Special Edition .
An advertisement for U2's upcoming tour | Image courtesy of U2365.com .
" U2 is one of the greatest bands in the world and we are floored to be working with them , " Apple chief executive Steve Jobs said at the time .
" We just want to make some innovative products together , and we hope U2 fans will love having their very own special edition iPod . "
A year later , U2 helped launch the new iPod video with an ad campaign featuring a live music video for the track " Original of the Species . "
In June 2006 , another new U2 iPod , now with video , was unveiled .
U2 frontman and activist Bono also helped debut several ( PRODUCT ) RED iPods to benefit a campaign to fight AIDS in Africa .
I ’ve written a simple python script called wiki_tex .py to help convert LaTeX to the wiki -tex used on MediaWikis like the Polymath1 wiki , and Wikipedia .
It ’s a stripped - down port of a similar script I use to put LaTeX on my blog – the original script is heavily customized , which is why I have n’t made it generally available .
A zipped version of the script can be downloaded here .
To use the script , put a copy of the script in the directory you ’re writing LaTeX in .
You also need to make sure Python is installed on your machine .
Mac and most Linuxes have it pre-installed .
Windows does n’t , but you can get a one - click installer at the python site .
I wrote the script under Python 2.5 , but would be surprised if it does n’t work under Python 2.x .
I do n’t know how it runs under the recently released Python 3 .
To run the script , you need a command line prompt , and to have the directory set to be whatever directory you ’re writing LaTeX in .
Once in the right directory , just run :
python wiki_tex .py filename
where filename .
tex is the file you ’re texing .
Note the omission of the .tex suffix is intentional .
The script will extract everything between \begin{document} and \end {document} , convert to wiki-tex , and output a file filename0 .
wiki which you can cut and paste into the MediaWiki .
As a convenience , if you put lines of the form “ % #break ” into the file ( these are comments , so LaTeX ignores them ) then the script breaks up the resulting output into multiple files , filename0 .wiki , filename1.wiki , and so on .
This is useful for compiling smaller snippets of LaTeX into wiki-tex .
The script is very basic .
There ’s many conversions it wo n’t handle , but there ’s quite a bit of basic stuff that it copes with just fine .
I ’d suggest starting with some small examples , and gradually working up in complexity .
The script is also not very battle - tested .
It ’s undergone a little testing , but this is well and truly alpha software .
Let me know in comments if you find bugs , and I ’ll try to fix them .
But at least the vast majority have the common decency to be upfront about the fact they can do us serious harm -- claws , big teeth , bright colors .
But not these guys .
These assholes can ruin your day , and you 'll never see them coming .
We at Cracked are no strangers to the horrors of the natural world .
There are some just outright evil creatures out there .
7 The Candiru Fish
There are hundreds of organizations that are devoted to saving the Amazon .
But , if Judge Joe Brown has taught us anything , it 's that there are always two sides to an argument .
So what could we possibly have against the rainforest ?
Well among other things , the Amazon is home to nightmarish creatures like the candiru , otherwise known as the vampire fish .
The nickname appears to be a cruel joke , because quite frankly we'd rather get stuck in a damned city full of vampires rather than run into one these nightmares .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Seriously , if you have n't heard of these things , and what they can do , just start cringing now .
It 's about to get ugly .
First , it 's tiny .
You wo n't see it if you 're , for instance , standing waist - deep in water .
Not until it 's much , much too late .
You see , when the fish is n't around humans , it utilizes its extreme sense of smell and taste to track trace amounts of urea and ammonia that leak from the gills of other , less assholish fish .
Then the candiru wedges itself into their gills , extending spines to latch onto their flesh and feed on the blood of the host .
To quote from Wikipedia : " the Candiru begins to gnaw a hole towards a major blood vessel and gorges itself . "
But who cares about that ?
After all , you 're not a fish , right ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Hey , you know what else releases a stream of urea and ammonia ?
You , pissing yourself in fear of this unholy beast .
Thus if you are unlucky enough to be in the Amazon River when you relieve yourself , you may fall victim to the candiru burrowing in a private region ( we mean your dick ) .
Yes , this happens .
Now go back and read that part about the spines .
The candiru is represented here by a baby .
The hot dog is your penis .
The fish is almost impossible to remove without surgery , though what difference does that make when the alternative would be expelling a spiny fish from your freshly ravaged nether regions ?
A shopkeeper displays a new unlocked Apple Iphone 3G at a mobile phone shop in northern Tehran November 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Apple will hold an event next Tuesday to preview new software for the iPhone , the company said .
Apple said in an email invitation on Thursday that it will provide a “ sneak peek ” at the iPhone 3.0 software , along with information about the new software kit that third - party vendors use to create applications for the device .
The company will host the event at its corporate campus in Cupertino , California , on March 17 .
Apple released its 3G iPhone last summer and the device proved to be an immediate hit with consumers .
Apple sold 6.9 million devices in the September quarter and 4.3 million in the December quarter .
The iPhone is one of Apple ’s main engines for growth .
Over the course of 2008 , the company sold over 13.7 million iPhones , ahead of its 10 million target .
Key to the iPhone ’s success has been the applications offered through the company ’s App store , which launched last July .
The store features a wide array of programs , some for free and some for a fee .
In January , Apple said more than 500 million applications had been downloaded and that more than 15,000 apps were available .
Shares of Apple rose $ 3.07 , or 3.3 percent , to $ 95.75 in early afternoon trading on the Nasdaq .
Posted by Bossip Staff
“ The Boondocks ” creator spoke his mind while at Earlham College the other night , and came off sounding like a bit of a d*k in the process :
“ The Boondocks , ” comic strip and animated series creator Aaron McGruder entertained , intrigued and outraged his audience at Earlham College on Monday night .
Appearing at the college for Martin Luther King Jr. Day , McGruder answered questions posed by the audience and by associate professor James Logan .
Mixing political opinion and satire is hard to do in comics and cartoons , he said .
“ It ’s not having a statement , it ’s entertaining people so they listen . ”
On the eve of President Barack Obama ’s inauguration , McGruder is “ cautiously pessimistic ” about the presidency .
“ I do n’t think you ’re going to see any dramatic change from Barack Obama , ” said McGruder , who wore a “ Boondocks ” T - shirt over a black long - sleeve shirt and jeans .
“ I ’m hoping he proves me completely wrong . ”
McGruder bases his opinions of the U.S. presidency on the 2000 election and how nothing has been done since then to change the election system .
“ It was a sham then … It ’s got to still be a sham , ” McGruder said .
“ I do n’t want to rain on anyone ’s parade , but it ’s what I tend to do . ”
On the topic of race and ethnicity , McGruder said that to him , Obama is not black because he is not a descendant of a slave .
“ The person who is one of us in the White House is Michelle Obama and her momma , ” McGruder said .
His comments outraged Dionne Robinson , 44 , of Richmond .
“ I want my $ 5 back , ” she said .
“ It ’s one thing to have an opinion , but he does n’t have any facts .
He needs to go back to college . ”
Robinson said that people were enslaved in many parts of the world , not just in America .
Her son , Zane Robinson , 14 , of Richmond watches “ The Boondocks , ” but was disappointed by the show ’s creator .
“ He ’s nothing like his show , ” Zane said .
“ I thought it was kind of boring .
His answers were long and they did n’t make any sense . ”
Several members of the Awa indigenous community have been killed by Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) guerrillas in Nariño , a state bordering Ecuador , reports Human Rights Watch .
The death toll is unclear but FARC claimed it executed 8 .
Other reports suggest 27 may have been killed .
The FARC suspected the Awa of cooperating with the army and ELN , a rival insurgent group .
FARC militants killed some Awa — including children with knives .
They returned later and abducted more children .
Human Rights Watch condemned the FARC .
“ These cruel killings violate the most basic principles of human decency and dignity , ” said José Miguel Vivanco , Americas director at Human Rights Watch .
“ There is no possible excuse or justification for these horrific actions . ”
The group says Nariño is suffering a “ severe humanitarian crisis ” due to the FARC ’s activities in the region , including laying of antipersonnel landmines and forced “ confinement ” of villages .
The U.N. Refugee Agency estimates that violence in Colombia has displaced at least one - third of the country ’s indigenous people .
The judges face sentences of more than seven years
Two US judges charged with taking more than $ 2 m ( £ 1.4 m ) in kickbacks from a privately - run detention centre have pleaded guilty to fraud .
Prosecutors say Judges Mark Ciavarella and Michael Conahan took the money in return for giving young offenders long sentences to serve in the centre .
The deal allowed PA Child Care LLC and a sister company to receive extra government funds , they say .
The judges in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , have both been suspended .
They have pleaded guilty to honest services fraud and tax fraud .
The plea agreements provide for prison sentences of more than seven years .
Mr Conahan had shut down a county detention centre in 2002 and signed a deal with PA Child Care LLC to send offenders to its new centre , prosecutors say .
They said Mr Ciavarella sent youths to the detention centre while taking money in return , though the judge has specifically denied sending youths to jail for cash , the Associated Press news agency reports .
' Disgraced '
Campaigners have complained that Mr Ciavarella gave out overly harsh sentences for minor offenses .
A spokeswoman for the non-profit Juvenile Law Center said 1,000 - 2,000 juveniles who came before the judge between 2003 and 2006 received excessively harsh sentences .
Many of the children were first - time offenders and had no lawyers to defend them .
The judge sent a quarter of his juvenile defendants to detention centres from 2003 to 2006 , compared with a state average of one in 10 , the AP reported .
" Your statement that I have disgraced my judgeship is true , " Mr Ciavarella wrote in a letter to the court , Reuters news agency reports .
" My actions have destroyed everything I worked to accomplish and I have only myself to blame . "
Mr Conahan made no comment .
Update :
This story has been updated the clarify how Turbo operates .
Opera will soon offer ISPs and mobile operators a server - side data compressor designed to significantly improve download speeds on its Opera Desktop and Opera Mobile browsers .
" I really believe this will be a game changer when it comes to browsing on mobile broadband as well as fixed broadband in the emerging markets , " Chief Strategy Officer Rolf Assev tells The Reg .
" Web sites are becoming bigger and bigger , demanding more and more resources .
That 's fine on fixed line in the Western World .
But on mobile broadband and in other markets , that 's a big problem .
Things are getting too slow .
So , we 're speeding things up . "
Predictably , Assev and company refer to this browser booster as Opera Turbo .
According to Assev , Turbo will make its debut sometime during the second quarter , available for Opera Desktop , Opera Mobile , and the Opera Devices SDK - the company 's custom browser kit .
Opera already offers a similar server - side technology for its Opera Mini browser .
According to a company whitepaper , Opera Turbo compresses network traffic by as much as 80 per cent .
On laptops , speeds rise 71 per cent on average :
( Supposed ) laptop boost
But Opera sees bigger boosts on handheld mobile devices :
( Alleged ) mobile boost
Apparently , Turbo will also offer multiple " optimization modes . "
And if they choose , users will have the option of bypassing the proxy server . ®
The UN strategy on drugs over the past decade has been a failure , a European commission report claimed yesterday on the eve of the international conference in Vienna that will set future policy for the next 10 years .
The report came amid growing dissent among delegates arriving at the meeting to finalise a UN declaration of intent .
Referring to the UN's existing strategy , the authors declared that they had found " no evidence that the global drug problem was reduced " .
They wrote : " Broadly speaking , the situation has improved a little in some of the richer countries while for others it worsened , and for some it worsened sharply and substantially , among them a few large developing or transitional countries . "
The policy had merely shifted the problem geographically , they said .
" Production and trafficking controls only redistributed activities .
Enforcement against local markets failed in most countries . "
Representatives from governments are split in their efforts to formulate an international drugs policy for the next decade .
The UN Commission on Narcotic Drugs is due to formulate a strategy over the next two days , but there is widespread disagreement among delegates and a general feeling that an opportunity for a united approach has been lost .
In an article for the Guardian , Mike Trace , chairman of the International Drug Policy Consortium , says : " We 're about to see the international community walk up the political and diplomatic path of least resistance .
It will do nothing to help the millions of people around the world whose lives are destroyed by drug markets and drug use .
And the depressing thing about it is that we can all book our seats for 2019 , to go through this charade again . "
Antonio Maria Costa , executive director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , has defended the approach .
He is due to talk today on organised crime , which he has described as " one of the unintended consequences of drug control " .
He will warn that " a criminal market , of staggering proportion , risks undermining drug control " and outline a three - pronged approach to tackling drug - related crime .
In London , however , Lady Meacher , speaking on behalf of more than 30 members of the Lords , warned that the existing hardline prohibitionist strategy , which has been led by the US , had been deeply damaging .
It was now being challenged by politicians , scientists and lawyers around the world , she said .
" We are concerned that the war on drugs has failed and the harm it has caused is far greater , " said Meacher , at a briefing organised by the drugs advice charity Release .
" What we want the UN to do is accept that the previous declaration was hopelessly unrealistic . "
She said that Barack Obama had yet to appoint a new drugs tsar in the US but there were already signs that he was adopting a more liberal approach to the issue .
The US president has lifted the ban on federal funding for needle exchange programmes , which are seen as crucial in the struggle to combat the spread of HIV .
Kasia Malinowska -Sempruch , director of the global drug policy programme at the Open Society Institute , Warsaw , said : " It is now clear that after months of negotiations , millions of people around the world will continue to suffer needlessly .
Thanks to the global ' war on drugs ' over the past decade , close to 2 million people living in the former Soviet Union are infected with HIV , half a million US citizens languish in prison for non-violent , drug - related crimes , and billions of dollars are spent on destructive military actions in Colombia while the production of cocaine continues to rise . "
The first two days of the session will be held at ministerial level to assess progress made in the decade since a special session of the UN general assembly set the target of a " drugs - free " world .
The aim has been criticised for not addressing the problems of addiction and treatment .
Prof Tim Rhodes , of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Health , said the number of injecting drug users around the world could have reached 15 million and this was responsible for 10 % of global HIV infections .
Rhodes said the problem was particularly serious in Russia , where intensive street - level policing had exacerbated the difficulties .
How using Facebook could raise your risk of cancer
Social networking sites such as Facebook could raise your risk of serious health problems by reducing levels of face - to - face contact , a doctor claims .
Emailing people rather than meeting up with them may have wide - ranging biological effects , said psychologist Dr Aric Sigman .
Increased isolation could alter the way genes work and upset immune responses , hormone levels and the function of arteries .
It could also impair mental performance .
The number of hours people spend interacting face - to - face has fallen dramatically since 1987 as electronic media use has risen
This could increase the risk of problems as serious as cancer , strokes , heart disease and dementia , Dr Sigman says in Biologist , the journal of the Institute of Biology .
Social networking sites such as MySpace and Facebook allow people to keep in touch with friends over the web .
They can swap pictures , play games and leave messages which explain how their day is going .
But even though they are designed to bring people together , Dr Sigman said they were actually playing a significant role in people becoming more isolated .
Research suggested that the number of hours people spent speaking to others face - to - face had fallen dramatically since 1987 as the use of electronic media increased .
Interacting ' in person ' had effects on the body not seen when writing emails , Dr Sigman claimed .
Levels of hormones such as the ' cuddle chemical ' oxytocin , which promotes bonding , altered according to whether people were in close contact or not .
' There does seem to be a difference between " real presence " and the virtual variety , ' Dr Sigman added .
Some genes , including ones involved with the immune system and responses to stress , acted differently according to how much social interaction a person had with others .
Dr Sigman added : ' Social networking sites should allow us to embellish our social lives , but what we find is very different .
' It 's not that I 'm old fashioned in terms of new technology , but its purpose should be to provide a tool that enhances our lives . '
Dr Sigman told the Press Association : ' Social networking is the internet 's biggest growth area , particular among young children .
' A quarter of British children have a laptop or computer in their room by the age of five and they have their own social networking sites , like the BBC 's myCBBC .
It 's causing huge changes . '
Studies had shown that children taught via video broadcasts or DVDs did not learn as well as they did when given lessons by a real teacher .
Dr Sigman said 209 ' socially regulated ' genes had been identified , including ones involved in the immune system , cell proliferation and responses to stress .
Their activity may account for higher rates of inflammatory disease and other health problems seen in socially isolated individuals .
Electronic media was also undermining the ability of children and young people to learn vital social skills and read body language , said Dr Sigman .
' One of the most pronounced changes in the daily habits of British citizens is a reduction in the number of minutes per day that they interact with another human being , ' he said .
' In less than two decades , the number of people saying there is no one with whom they discuss important matters nearly tripled .
' Parents spend less time with their children than they did only a decade ago .
Britain has the lowest proportion of children in all of Europe who eat with their parents at the table .
The proportion of people who work at home alone continues to rise .
' I am worried about where this is all leading .
' Social networking sites should allow us to embellish our social lives , but what we find is very different .
The tail is wagging the dog .
These are not tools that enhance , they are tools that displace . ’
A Self - Fulfilling Prophecy
If you think preventing climate change is politically difficult , look at the political problems of adapting to it .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 16th March 2009 .
Quietly in public , loudly in private , climate scientists everywhere are saying the same thing : it ’s over .
The years in which more than two degrees of global warming could have been prevented have passed , the opportunities squandered by denial and delay .
On current trajectories we ’ll be lucky to get away with four degrees .
Mitigation ( limiting greenhouse gas pollution ) has failed ; now we must adapt to what nature sends our way .
If we can .
This , at any rate , was the repeated whisper at the climate change conference in Copenhagen last week ( 1 ) .
It ’s more or less what Bob Watson , the environment department ’s chief scientific adviser , has been telling the British government ( 2 ) .
It is the obvious if unspoken conclusion of scores of scientific papers .
Recent work by scientists at the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research , for example , suggests that even global cuts of 3 % a year , starting in 2020 , could leave us with four degrees of warming by the end of the century ( 3,4 ) .
At the moment emissions are heading in the opposite direction at roughly the same rate .
If this continues , what does it mean ?
Six ?
Eight ?
Ten degrees ?
Who knows ?
Faced with such figures , I ca n’t blame anyone for throwing up his hands .
But before you succumb to this fatalism , let me talk you through the options .
Yes , it is true that mitigation has so far failed .
Sabotaged by Clinton ( 5 ) , abandoned by Bush , attended half - heartedly by the other rich nations , the global climate talks have so far been a total failure .
The targets they have set bear no relationship to the science and are negated anyway by loopholes and false accounting .
Nations like the UK which are meeting their obligations under the Kyoto protocol have succeeded only by outsourcing their pollution to other countries ( 6,7 ) .
Nations like Canada , which are flouting their obligations , face no meaningful sanctions .
Lord Stern made it too easy : he appears to have underestimated the costs of mitigation .
As the professor of energy policy Dieter Helm has shown , Stern ’s assumption that our consumption can continue to grow while our emissions fall is implausible ( 8 ) .
To have any hope of making substantial cuts we have both to reduce our consumption and transfer resources to countries like China to pay for the switch to low - carbon technologies .
As Helm notes , “ there is not much in the study of human nature — and indeed human biology — to give support to the optimist . ”
But we cannot abandon mitigation unless we have a better option .
We do n’t .
If you think our attempts to prevent emissions are futile , take a look at our efforts to adapt .
Where Stern appears to be correct is in proposing that the costs of stopping climate breakdown – great as they would be – are far lower than the costs of living with it .
Germany is spending E600 m just on a new sea wall for Hamburg ( 9 ) – and this money was committed before the news came through that sea level rises this century could be two or three times as great as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has predicted ( 10 ) .
The Netherlands will spend E2.2bn on dykes between now and 2015 ; again they are likely to be inadequate .
The UN suggests that the rich countries should be transferring $ 50 - 75 bn a year to the poor ones now to help them cope with climate change , with a massive increase later on ( 11 ) .
But nothing like this is happening .
A Guardian investigation reveals that the rich nations have promised $ 18bn to help the poor nations adapt to climate change over the past seven years , but they have disbursed only 5 % of that money ( 12 ) .
Much of it has been transferred from foreign aid budgets anyway : a net gain for the poor of nothing ( 13 ) .
Oxfam has made a compelling case for how adaptation should be funded : nations should pay according to the amount of carbon they produce per capita , coupled with their position on the human development index ( 14 ) .
On this basis , the US should supply over 40 % of the money and the European Union over 30 % , with Japan , Canada , Australia and Korea making up the balance .
But what are the chances of getting them to cough up ?
There ’s a limit to what this money could buy anyway .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says that “ global mean temperature changes greater than 4 °C above 1990 - 2000 levels ” would “ exceed … the adaptive capacity of many systems . ” ( 15 ) At this point there ’s nothing you can do , for example , to prevent the loss of ecosystems , the melting of glaciers and the disintegration of major ice sheets .
Elsewhere it spells out the consequences more starkly : global food production , it says , is “ very likely to decrease above about 3 °C ” ( 16 ) .
Buy your way out of that .
And it does n’t stop there .
The IPCC also finds that , above three degrees of warming , the world ’s vegetation will become “ a net source of carbon ” ( 17 ) .
This is just one of the climate feedbacks triggered by a high level of warming .
Four degrees might take us inexorably to five or six : the end – for humans – of just about everything .
Until recently , scientists spoke of carbon concentrations – and temperatures – peaking and then falling back .
But a recent paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences shows that “ climate change … is largely irreversible for 1,000 years after emissions stop . ” ( 18 ) Even if we were to cut carbon emissions to zero today , by the year 3000 our contribution to atmospheric concentrations would decline by just 40 % .
High temperatures would remain more or less constant until then .
If we produce it we ’re stuck with it .
In the rich nations we will muddle through , for a few generations , and spend nearly everything we have on coping .
But where the money is needed most there will be nothing .
The ecological debt the rich world owes to the poor will never be discharged , just as it has never accepted that it should offer reparations for the slave trade and for the pillage of gold , silver , rubber , sugar and all the other commodities taken without due payment from its colonies .
Finding the political will for crash cuts in carbon production is improbable .
But finding the political will – when the disasters have already begun – to spend adaptation money on poor nations rather than on ourselves will be impossible .
The world wo n’t adapt and can’t adapt : the only adaptive response to a global shortage of food is starvation .
Of the two strategies it is mitigation , not adaptation , which turns out to be the most feasible option , even if this stretches the concept of feasibility to the limits .
As Dieter Helm points out , the action required today is unlikely but “ not impossible .
It is a matter ultimately of human well being and ethics . ” ( 19 )
Yes , it might already be too late – even if we reduced emissions to zero tomorrow – to prevent more than two degrees of warming , but we cannot behave as if it is , for in doing so we make the prediction come true .
Tough as this fight may be , improbable as success might seem , we cannot afford to surrender .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Eg David Adam , 13th March 2009 .
Stern attacks politicians over climate ‘ devastation ’ .
The Guardian .
2. James Randerson , 7th August 2008 .
Climate change : Prepare for global temperature rise of 4C , warns top scientist .
The Guardian .
3. Kevin Anderson and Alice Bows , 2008 .
Reframing the climate change challenge in light of post -2000 emission trends .
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A. Published online .
doi:10.1098/rsta.2008.0138
http://www.tyndall.ac.uk/publications/journal_papers/fulltext.pdf
4 . They are referring to stabilisation at 650 parts per million CO2 equivalent .
The IPCC suggests that this would produce something the region of 4C , even before all the likely feedbacks have b een taken into account .
See Table SPM6 of the IPCC ’s Climate Change 2007 : Synthesis Report – Summary for Policymakers .
http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr_spm.pdf
5 . https://www.monbiot.com/archives/2007/12/17/hurray-were-going-backwards/
6 . http://www.sei.se/index.php?page=newsitem&item=5720
7 . http://www.dieterhelm.co.uk/publications/Carbon_record_2007.pdf
8. Dieter Helm , 21st February 2009 .
Environmental challenges in a warming world : consumption , costs and responsibilities .
Tanner Lecture , Oxford .
http://www.dieterhelm.co.uk/publications/TANNER%20LECTURE%20Feb09.pdf
9. Oxfam , 29th May 2007 .
Adapting to climate change .
Briefing Paper 104 .
http://www.oxfam.org.uk/resources/policy/climate_change/downloads/bp104_adapting_to_climate_change.pdf
10 .
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/mar/11/sea-level-rises-climate-change-copenhagen
11 . John Vidal , 20th February 2009 .
Rich nations failing to meet climate aid pledges .
The Guardian .
12 . ibid .
13 . Oxfam , 29th May 2007 , ibid .
14 . Oxfam , 29th May 2007 , ibid .
15 . IPCC , 2007b .
Assessing key vulnerabilities and the risk from climate change .
http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg2/ar4-wg2-chapter19.pdf
16 . ibid , Table 19.1 .
17 . IPCC , 2007 b , ibid .
18 . Susan Solomona,1 , Gian - Kasper Plattnerb , Reto Knuttic , and Pierre Friedlingstein , 16th December 2008 .
Irreversible climate change due to carbon dioxide emissions .
http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2009/01/28/0812721106.full.pdf+html
19 . Dieter Helm , 21st February 2009 , ibid .
Canada finds itself lagging more than two years behind the United States in the transition from analog to digital television broadcasting , a process that could leave millions of Canadians without access to over - the - air television signals .
While the elimination of " free TV " would spark outrage in many communities , the most harmful effect of the slow migration will be felt in the competitiveness of Canadian telecommunications , not broadcasting .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
The link between the digital television transition and telecommunications stems from the freed - up spectrum that will become available as broadcasters abandon their analog transmissions .
This spectrum -- known as the 700 MhZ spectrum -- opens up a host of possibilities for new innovation , competitors and open Internet access .
The 700 MhZ spectrum will lead to another spectrum auction that could open the door to further entrants into the Canadian wireless market .
In fact , some speculate that some would - be bidders stayed out of the most recent AWS spectrum auction ( which raised over $ 4 billion in revenue for the government ) in the hope of grabbing some of the MhZ spectrum since it is viewed as technically superior .
It more easily penetrates walls , for example , making it ideal for delivering wireless high - speed Internet services .
Industry Minister Tony Clement has the chance to dramatically reshape the Canadian wireless market by establishing a bold policy approach to the auction .
For example , as pressure mounts to open up the Canadian market to foreign competition , this auction could provide the entry point .
By permitting foreign investors to bid for majority stakes in 700 MHZ spectrum , the government could simultaneously invite increased competition and promote new investment in the Canadian marketplace .
Fill up the ' white spaces '
Moreover , the rules governing the use of the spectrum will also attract considerable attention .
In the United States , the Federal Communications Commission has adopted some " open access " requirements , mandating certain openness standards in the use of this spectrum .
For consumers tired of the " walled garden " approach of current providers that use both contracts and technology to lock - in consumers , open spectrum policies would spur new innovation and heightened competition by facilitating greater consumer mobility and promote the introduction of new services not tied to a single wireless provider .
In addition to the auctioned spectrum , there is the potential for further unused spectrum to be made available for public use .
Known as " white spaces , " this spectrum was previously used by broadcasters to ensure that their analog broadcasts did not interfere with one another .
A consortium of companies , including Google , Microsoft and Dell , have argued that this spectrum can be safely used for other purposes .
Rather than auctioning the white spaces , they recently persuaded the FCC that the public interest would be better served by allowing anyone to make use of it -- as is the case today with spectrum used for wifi signals .
This would allow for the introduction of new services over the white spaces , such as broadband in rural communities or , in the words of Google co-founder Larry Page , " wifi on steroids . "
While broadcasters lodged objections to the white space plan , claiming that the new uses could interfere with their digital broadcasts , last week the FCC formally gave the green light to the use of WSDs or white space devices .
We 're stuck at the starting line
As the U.S. marches along on this policy front , Canada has not even left the starting gate .
Indeed , it appears increasingly likely that the U.S. approach will be fully implemented by the time Canada gets its act together .
While that points to a carbon copy approach , it will ultimately fall to Clement to make the call and to set in motion policies that could change the way Canadians access broadcast , telecom , and Internet services .
Related
Tyee stories :
It has been gratifying to see the number of businesses and personal computers moving to Open Source software and the Linux Operating System .
In our organization alone , the numbers , while small on a grand scale , are quite significant from where we stand .
We 've installed hundreds of Linux systems in the past two years and the retention rate of those systems are what we get excited about .
However ...
I have received a spate of emails in the past 60 days , complaining about various universities and corporations that are disallowing most anything but Windows to access their systems .
A good focal point for this can be found on a recent article here .
Further evidence of public ignorance about Open Source Software was uncovered in the " Karen " donnybrook .
In the most recent article reflecting the same subject , Carla Schroeder nailed it dead between the eyes .
I 'm not writing this to bemoan the facts ... I am going to write this in hope that we can get the attention of some people that can change this trend .
We can only hope .
Many of you are not deserving of a tirade ... you are simply conducting business the way business has been conducted since computer networking became a part of your operations .
Hopefully we can work together .
Some of you however are digging in your heels and refusing to smell 21st century air .
You are the people that I want to talk to .
First off , let 's dispel a couple of things .
I have sat in meetings with principals and school administrators and listened slack - jawed as system administrators ( mostly MSCE's ) told their employers that it was illegal to remove Windows from their current computers .
They did n't say it violated their contracts or licenses ... they said it was illegal .
That 's either so uninformed that it raises the question " Why are you doing this job ? " or it undeniably stands as a bold - faced lie .
Look .
You are not only barring thousands of students and customers from your systems , you are forcing them to use an operating system that is inherently weak .
In addition , you cry about your operating costs then when the tears dry , you write the check to Microsoft for the latest licenses .
We 're dealing with " Higher Eduction " here , right ?
Not so far as I can tell .
I have recently seen the depths of ignorance when it comes to Open Source Software and on a personal level I can understand it , but you get no such pass .
Do you realize that by demanding that your students or customers use Windows , you are subjecting them to this ?
I want you to justify that to me .
As the people making decisions as to how and by whom your systems can be accessed , I want you to justify it .
I must subject myself to attacks like this for the privilege of accessing your site ?
It 's just one of a never - ending line of viruses and spyware tools that your system administrators have to battle .
I know you are " invested " in Microsoft products ... I realize that .
I also know that your system administrators are deathly afraid of losing their jobs because they do n't know the first thing about Linux .
Many of them anyway ... there are a number of them that are running Linux Servers behind your back because it makes their jobs easier ... and that 's a good thing .
But for the ones that hold Microsoft to their breast and swear their undying loyalty ?
Learn or leave .... you are holding the world back from what is inevitable .
Open Source will have a place in our technology ... on a large scale .
Open Office documents send and receive .doc and exel spread sheets just fine .
As in the story noted above , the uh ... young lady lamented that she could n't use anything but Microsoft Office because the formats on her Ubuntu computer were incompatible ...?
Absolute nonsense .
I am suspecting one of her professors told her just that .
I have specific reasons to believe it .
I would expect a first year college student to be this ignorant , but as administrators of entire universities and server systems , I would expect a bit more breadth of knowledge .
Silly me .
I do n't usually do edits once an article is posted but in this case it is important enough to make an exception .
One astute and knowledgeable reader left us a link to an extremely successful migration of an entire school .
No one is asking you to go to this extreme but it is posted just so you know that no one is asking you donate a kidney here ... just some common courtesy in letting a popular alternative system gain access to what they need .
You can see the success story here .
I had a conversation with an English Professor at the University of Texas today .
He stated that his insistence his students purchase the " student discounted " copy of Microsoft Office to be more out of his laziness than for his real need for that particular program .
Turns out that he just does n't want to change his syllabus to inform his students they have a choice .
News flash Prof .
Some folks just do n't have a spare 150.00 laying around to sustain the Redmond Giant .
You wo n't be able to tell a Linux - based .doc from a Windows - based one .
Now , we wo n't get specific here .... for obvious reasons .
Your " secure " system can be owned by about 17 people I know right off the top of my head ... you just have n't merited their attention .
Let 's hope you stay below their radar .
Your argument that Linux is only secure because it is obscure is also urban legend rubbish .
Take a look at this ...
Now , we 're going to be following up on this .
Seems a certain University in Indiana is forcing some of it's students to purchase Microsoft Office or they are not being allowed to enroll .
That 's the report we are getting .
We 'll be having a discussion with them this week .
Hopefully we will report back that this was just a silly misunderstanding .
One of the questions we will be asking is this ?
Why do you capitulate to using or buying additional software so that the software you 've already purchased will work as designed ?
Oh you do n't do that ?
Got anti-virus ?
We 'll also be asking a major medical center in New York why they insist that a growing number of Linux users cannot access their logins .
We know why ... it's a piece of proprietary software that they demand be used prior to login .
Windows - based proprietary software .
We 'll be talking to them as well and we 'll publish the names of the organizations and the people we talk with .
we 'll also publish the conversation verbatim if possible .
Enough is enough .
This is n't an argument or discussion on which operating system is best .
It 's a statement that thousands and thousands of people are making the conscious decision to take control of their computers .
I notice with a bit of humor that some of you boast of supporting Mac machines ?
That 's nice .
Some numbers indicate that Linux has surpassed Mac in user numbers a while back .
Different entities will dispute this statistic and with good reason .
Linux is free so there are no real sales numbers to go by and internet polling is all over the place .
Some show it as number two , others as a distant third .
While that may be the case , there is sufficient evidence to show that Linux is growing in popularity by the day , and I mean substantial growth .
One focused advertising effort by Linux and those numbers will change without any dispute .
Even Microsoft , in it 's annual report to the SEC , cited Linux and Open Source software as the number one threat to their profit margin .
I did n't see any mention of Mac in there at all .
So you will support the number 3 system but number two gets the cold shoulder ?
We are talking millions of users in the US alone .
That leaves us with a couple of questions .
Who appointed your entity as the gatekeepers of our technology ?
You may not perceive yourself as such , but actions are leading some to think you are just that ... the gatekeepers barring us from your sites .
Linux users are growing in huge numbers and those numbers get bigger daily .
I am hearing from Linux users about you at a disturbing rate .
Look , no one is asking you to embrace this thing fully , just tweak a couple of things to allow Linux users equal access to your portals and sites .
Heck , pay my travel and one night 's lodging , buy me a meal and I will come do it myself .
I 'm serious , I will be happy to do it and I am fully qualified to do so .
Why are you denying computer users simply because they choose to use a more secure operating system ?
In a short period of time , I will not be the only one asking you this question .
We 'll be speaking shortly .
All - righty then ...
VintageAudioWorld.com has been online for over 15 years providing you with access to over 30 years experience in audio .
We offer a wide range of Vintage Audio and used secondhand Stereo equipment of all types for sale .
Vintage Amplifiers .
Vintage Turntables , Vintage Speakers , and much more for sale .
Our ever increasing range of stock is updated weekly .
Browse our product catalogue now .
* We ship worldwide .
* All prices in New Zealand dollars .
* Payments may be made with Paypal .
* Check on today ’s favourable exchange rates .
*** Please contact us for freight costs ***
* We are based in Christchurch New Zealand .
* Please browse our large range of products below
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke has done what he “ promised / threatened ” to do , said Megan McArdle in The Atlantic .
On Wednesday , Bernanke said the Fed would buy $ 1.15 trillion in long - term U.S. Treasury bonds and mortgage - backed securities , in a flood of “ quantitative easing ” — or “ doing its damnedest to print money ” — to revive the economy .
In theory , it should work .
But in reality ?
I do n’t know , “ and I bet Bernanke does n’t either . ”
By going “ all in , ” Bernanke is clearly showing he “ does not want deflation or Depression on his résumé , ” said The Wall Street Journal in an editorial .
But now we all have to worry about inflation .
The Fed can get away with pumping out dollars when the economy is ailing , but we ’d all better hope Bernanke can turn off the spigot before we get hyperinflation — or “ another asset bubble . ”
At least the “ grown - ups ” at the Fed are worrying about fixing the economy , said Rex Nutting in MarketWatch , rather than getting distracted by the AIG bonus “ circus . ”
The economic outlook has worsened , and Bernanke ’s right that this is no time for “ half measures . ”
If we ’re lucky , the economy will “ start breathing on its own again . ”
If not , at least loans will get more favorable for most borrowers .
" Now I have a glass in the morning , before and after lunch , with my dinner and then before I go to bed .
I never drink anything else . "
A surge in support for Labour has driven Fianna Fáil into third place in the latest opinion poll .
The tnsMRBI poll in tomorrow 's Irish Times also shows that satisfaction with the Government and the Taoiseach has fallen again .
The poll was carried out on Monday and Tuesday , with a sample of 1,000 voters around the country .
It shows Fianna Fáil support down 5 % to 22 % , behind Fine Gael , 32 % , and Labour , up 10 % to 24 % .
Sinn Féin is up 1 % to 9 % , the Greens unchanged at 4 % , and Independents and others down 4 % to 9& .
Just 14 % are satisfied with the Government 's performance , with 82 % dissatisfied .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen has the lowest satisfaction rating of all the party leaders , down 2 % to 24 % , while Labour 's Eamon Gilmore has the highest , up 6 % to 44 % .
A spokesman for the Taoiseach said that the challenges and the tough decisions facing the government are unprecedented , so it was not surprising that the poll figures are unprecedented .
He said Labour have the luxury of sitting on the fence and being populist , while the Government have to act in the national interest .
Mr Cowen 's spokesman added that in unprecedented times , it is not about popularity or politics , it is about doing the right thing .
He added that the poll wo n't deter the Government from taking the right decisions for the country , and that while the Taoiseach realises that these decisoins could affect the party in the future , it was not now about Fianna Fáil , but about Ireland .
