Again , these town hall meetings are organized by insurance companies and lobbyist groups , period .
When you want change that will possibly take away from your bottomline profit , what would you do ?
OPPOSE IT .
Finally this misinformation about government run health care , BAD FOR YOU .
Ask your seniors in your families who are on MEDICARE or anyone on MEDICAID , is that bad for them ?
Because these are GOVERNMENT RUN programs .
Home Page
Dumb as a box of rocks -
" I find it interesting that it was back in the 1970s that the swine flu broke out then under another Democrat president Jimmy Carter , " said Bachmann .
" And I 'm not blaming this on President Obama , I just think it 's an interesting coincidence . "
As the Minneapolis / St. Paul City Pages points out , Bachmann has the 1970s flu outbreak all wrong .
It happened in 1976 when Gerald Ford was in office .
I do n't even want to hear your lame rebuttals about structural integrity .
Why we 're using centuries - old key / keychain technology in 2009 is beyond me .
Buy this real working blank key and join the future for just $ 7 / pair .
[ Amron Exptl via DVICE ]
Advertisement
Three previously unavailable anime titles from Viz Media LLC were posted today on streaming website hulu.com , and by proxy , AnimeNewsNetwork .
The following titles are now available in our video section :
InuYasha ( subtitled , first 32 are up now with a new episode every week )
Honey and Clover ( subtitled , eps 1 - 12 )
NANA ( subtitled , eps 1 - 11 )
Plans for posting additional episodes of Honey and Clover and NANA were not yet announced .
Due to preparations for San Diego Comic Con , Viz was unavailable to comment before press time .
Additionally , we 've added the following classic adapted anime , which had been previously added to hulu.com but were not automatically added to Anime News Network :
Mysterious Cities of Gold ( dub , entire series )
... as well as Robotech : The Shadow Chronicles from Harmony Gold USA .
We expect another new series to be added by hulu ( and therefore to ANN ) at the end of July .
As with every hulu.com series , these videos are only available to viewers within the United States .
Oil tanker sinks near Suez Canal , no casualties
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2009-08-29 19:24
CAIRO : A Panama - flagged oil tanker split in two before it sank near the Red Sea entrance to the Suez Canal on Friday , said a local newspaper on its website .
The oil tanker that split into two pieces is seen in this undated photo .
[ Xinhua ]
The oil tanker was carrying 60 metric tons of fuel when it split for unknown reasons , said the newspaper .
It said that all the 24 crew members were rescued unhurt , adding that the navigation in the Suez Canal was not affected .
The tanker was on its way from Yemen to Suez for maintenance work and repairs .
The accident caused an oil spill .
Egyptian officials are trying to contain the oil spill , and the cause of the accident is being investigated .
Sort it out over booze , the old American way , right ?
Obama offered both Henry Louis Gates and the cop who arrested him to the White House for a beer .
Gates - the Ivy Leauge African American studies scholar - accepted .
Per the New York Post :
Gates told the Boston Globe in an e-mail late Friday that he spoke to Obama and said he would meet with Cambridge Police Sgt. James Crowley .
Gates said he hoped his arrest by Crowley leads to greater sensitivity on racial profiling and that it was time to " move on . "
Obama extended the invitation Friday in phone calls to the two men as he sought to calm a national debate over racial profiling .
I 'm sorry , but does n't this seem vaguely ... Dubya-ish ?
The intention 's good , but honestly , it 's a little hokey , feels a little gauche , and it 's completely transparent as spin for Obama even bringing it to the executive level , anyway .
Yeah , it was stupid on both sides , but did our president need to talk about it ?
Then again , bringing conversation about race to the foreground is , honestly , never a bad thing , and Gates would be a moron to turn down a dialogue with one of the most important figures in American - and especially African American - history .
Hell , bringing racial profiling to the White House is , in it of itself , maybe a moment in history .
Too bad it comes at the cost of more pertinent issues , like keeping all of us - the racists , the racially profiled , and everyone in between - somewhat healthy .
HARVARD PROF ACCEPTS OBAMA'S BEER OFFER [ New York Post ]
Photo : www.idiama.ru
Police are calling the death of a St. Petersburg resident an accident , after he was found at home with his legs cut off , Regions .ru reports .
The 40 - year - old man apparently dismembered himself with an electric saw while he was remodeling his apartment .
The cause of death was attributed to loss of blood , police say .
The body was found today .
The incident occurred yesterday around 6:00 in the evening .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A man who allegedly set off a small bomb at a Starbucks coffee shop was arrested after he made the mistake of bragging about his exploit to friends , police said Wednesday .
An NYPD officer stands guard outside a Starbucks where a bomb went off on Memorial Day .
New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly told reporters that Kyle Shaw , 17 , was arrested Tuesday night at his Manhattan apartment after a police investigation revealed that he bragged to his friends about planting the explosive outside an Upper East Side Starbucks on May 25 .
Shaw allegedly told his friends prior to the explosion that " Project Mayhem " was about to begin , Kelly said , and that they should watch the news on Memorial Day .
Shaw was a fan of the movie " Fight Club " and imitated Brad Pitt 's character from the film , the police commissioner said -- although he apparently failed to adhere to Pitt 's famous line in the film :
" The first rule of Fight Club is , you do not talk about Fight Club . "
The movie , released in 1999 , also includes a scene in which a Starbucks is destroyed .
Kelly said there is no evidence at this time to suggest that Shaw was behind other recent small explosions in the city , such as the bombings at the Times Square Army recruiting center and the Mexican consulate .
Shaw made the small explosive out of a plastic bottle , firework powder , a metal cap and electrical tape , Kelly said .
The blast , at 3:30 a.m. on Memorial Day , damaged a nearby bench and shattered the store 's windows , the commissioner said .
No one was injured in the explosion , but the bomb was powerful enough to have caused serious injuries if anyone had been nearby , Kelly said .
Shaw has been charged with arson , criminal possession of a weapon and criminal mischief , he added .
All About Manhattan • Starbucks Corporation • New York City Police Department
All the talk about Chrome OS got me thinking about operating systems and how different OSes are used by people .
Also , a comment on my post yesterday by Scott Shapiro got me to segment this blog reader base by windows and mac users in Google Analytics this morning .
I looked at all the visits to this blog year to date by mac users and windows users and then looked at where each set of users come from .
The data is interesting and here it is :
The most interesting fact is that 56 % of Windows users visit this blog direct or via a google search whereas only 46 % of Mac users get here by those two methods .
That 10 % difference is offset by a much higher percentage of visits from Mac users coming from links on Twitter , Google Reader , Hacker News , Techmeme , Facebook , FriendFeed , Disqus , and several other services .
There are a few services that weight heavier with Windows users , like delicious , stumbleupon , and Yahoo Search ( which is barely used by Mac users ) .
This community is a leading edge geek community so it 's dangerous to make too much of this data .
But I think it is safe to say that Mac users are more likely to jump on new services like Twitter and FriendFeed more quickly than Windows users .
And it is also true that tech news junkies who hang out at places like Hacker News and Techmeme are more likely to be Mac users than the average news junkie .
The Twitter data is particularly interesting to me .
Over 10 % of Mac visits to this blog come from Twitter , whereas that number is only 5 % for Windows users .
That 's a big difference and I 'm not entirely sure what to make of it .
I wonder if Twitter 's user base skews Mac way more than the Internet as a whole ?
Thoughts ?
Krugman points out that there are two distinctive aspects of health care that explain why it ca n’t be marketed like bread or TVs :
1 . You do n’t know when or whether you ’ll need health care — but if you do , the care can be extremely expensive .
This tells you right away that health care ca n’t be sold like bread .
It must be largely paid for by some kind of insurance .
And this in turn means that someone other than the patient ends up making decisions about what to buy .
Consumer choice is nonsense when it comes to health care .
And you ca n’t just trust insurance companies either — they ’re not in business for their health , or yours .
There 's no other good or service that has so much uncertainty over when you might need it combined with a potentially huge cost .
That 's why , Krugman points , insurance companies - being the profit - motivated entities that they are - spend a lot of resources trying to deny as many claims as possible and to avoid covering people who are actually likely to need care .
Both of these strategies use a lot of resources , which is why private insurance has much higher administrative costs than single - payer systems .
And since there ’s a widespread sense that our fellow citizens should get the care we need — not everyone agrees , but most do — this means that private insurance basically spends a lot of money on socially destructive activities .
Could it be explained any simpler than that ?
2. Health care is complicated and we expect much , much more from health care providers than from the provider of any other good or service , so purchasing health care is not at all like choosing a new car or buying a loaf of bread .
You ca n’t rely on experience or comparison shopping .
( " I hear they ’ve got a real deal on stents over at St. Mary ’s ! " )
That ’s why doctors are supposed to follow an ethical code , why we expect more from them than from bakers or grocery store owners .
Krugman bases much of his explanation on a paper by Kenneth Arrow , " Unertainty and the welfare economics of health care , " which Krugman calls " one of the most influential economic papers of the postwar era . " Written in 1963 ( ! ) , Arrow 's paper expands on the notion of why our expected behavior of a physician is so utterly different from the provider of any other good or service :
.. the ethically understood restrictions on the activities of a physician are much more severe than on those of , say , a barber .
His behavior is supposed to be governed by a concern for the customer 's welfare which would not be expected of a salesman .
In Talcott Parsons 's terms , there is a " collectivity - orientation , " which distinguishes medicine and other professions from business , where self - interest on the part of participants is the accepted norm .
My non-economist translation :
When we buy a car , we expect a car salesman to try to get the highest price he can so that he can make the most profit .
With our health care providers , not so much .
When we go under the knife , we expect our doctor 's only concern to be that we return to full health , not how she can get the highest price possible for a surgical procedure for the minimal amount of effort .
Krugman concludes :
All of this does n’t necessarily mean that socialized medicine , or even single - payer , is the only way to go .
There are a number of successful health - care systems , at least as measured by pretty good care much cheaper than here , and they are quite different from each other .
There are , however , no examples of successful health care based on the principles of the free market , for one simple reason : in health care , the free market just does n’t work .
And people who say that the market is the answer are flying in the face of both theory and overwhelming evidence .
In the debate over health care reform that is often complicated and convoluted , this is one point that seems clear enough .
Mr Mousavi said post-election arrests would radicalise protesters further Iranian opposition leaders have criticised what they describe as the " security state " imposed in the country after the controversial June elections .
They also called for the release of people detained during mass protests that followed the vote .
Runner - up Mir Hossein Mousavi's website said the call was backed by fellow defeated candidate Mehdi Karoubi and former President Mohammad Khatami .
The vote was won by hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Although many opposition figures have accused the state of rigging the result , Iran 's most powerful figure , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has given his seal of approval .
If the people had not been lied to or disrespected , the situation would have never turned to a national crisis
Ghalamnews report On Monday , Ayatollah Khamenei issued a sharp warning to Western nations not to meddle in Iran 's internal affairs , saying relations would suffer if they did .
More than 1,000 opposition supporters and prominent reformists were reportedly arrested in the aftermath of the election , and three weeks later it is possible hundreds remain in prison .
' Extraordinary peace '
The strongly worded statement on the Ghalamnews website followed a meeting between the three opposition and reformist figures , as well as a number of supporters .
It conveyed their harsh criticism of " attacks against innocent people , dormitories , and houses ... and some shocking brutalities carried out by plainclothes forces supported by security forces " .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled on grounds of electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath Analysis : Crisis set to rage on How Iran is ruled Who 's who in Iran Iran : Send your questions
It also referred to the deaths of protesters " whose only crime was to object to the election fraud ... at spontaneous several - million - strong demonstrations held in extraordinary peace and order " .
" If their rights had been slightly respected or if the people had not been lied to or disrespected , the situation would never have turned to a national crisis , " the Ghalamnews statement says .
Mr Karoubi , Mr Mousavi and Mr Khatami go on to underline the importance of ending the " super- security state " and call for the immediate release of protesters who had not committed any crime .
If the current situation was allowed to continue , the statement said , it would lead to increased radicalisation of politics .
Along with the other arrests , the authorities are holding a local employee from the British Embassy , who has been charged with " acting against national security " .
Correspondents say Iran 's clerical leadership is showing a steely determination to keep control amid the controversy , and urging people to unify in the face of western enemies .
In another sign of this toughness , the commander of the Revolutionary Guard , which is under the direct control of the supreme leader , acknowledged that his elite force had played a key role in putting an end to street protests .
Gen Mohammad Ali Jafari said the RG's intervention had given " new life " to the Islamic Revolution and " strengthened its pillars " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Because the Earth is a globe spinning on an invisible axis , a point at its equator will make a circuit of 25,000 miles in the space of a day , but any point not on the equator will make a shorter round trip ; the closer that point is to either of the poles , the shorter its trip will be .
Put another way , a pencil at the equator travels 1,030 miles an hour , whereas another at Sarasota , Florida , moves at 930 miles per hour , and one at the North pole does n’t move at all .
This apparent difference in speed results in the Coriolis force , an effect that imparts a twist to largish events happening away from the equator .
Best known is its effect on air masses : as they move away from the equator , their speed ( which matches that of where they started from ) appears to be faster than that of the surface over which they are traveling .
Coriolis deflection sets cyclonic systems turning counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern hemisphere .
Likewise , a cannonball fired due north will seemingly veer a teeny bit to the east , and one fired to the south will apparently deflect ever so slightly to the west , deviations a skilled gunner would know to adjust for .
The twisting effect of the Coriolis force is real , and it does influence certain large things such as the movement of air masses .
It is also commonly claimed to affect the way water spirals down drains in different parts of the world :
Water in a pan , sink , or toilet rotates counter clockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern hemisphere .
This is due to the Coriolis Effect , which is caused by the rotation of the Earth .
However , the Coriolis effect is so small that it plays no role in determining the direction in which water rotates as it exits from a draining sink or toilet .
The Coriolis effect produces a measurable influence over huge distances and long periods of time , neither of which applies to the typical terrestrial bathroom .
Toilets and sinks drain in the directions they do because of the way water is directed into them or pulled from them .
If water enters in a swirling motion ( as it does when a toilet is flushed , for example ) , the water will exit in that same swirling pattern .
As well , most basins have irregular surfaces and are not perfectly level , factors that influence the direction in which water spirals down their drains .
The configuration of taps and drains is responsible for the direction of spin given to water draining from sinks and bathtubs to a degree that overwhelms the slight influence of the Coriolis force .
The belief that the Coriolis force influences the direction in which water drains from plumbing fixtures is widespread and has been repeated as fact in a number of venues , including popular television shows ( such as world traveler Michael Palin ’s Pole to Pole series ) and even in textbooks .
It ’s also been promulgated by any number of hucksters who set up rigged demonstrations along the equator for the amusement of gullible tourists :
( The trick behind this demonstration is explained here . )
An introductory meteorology textbook includes ( and addresses ) this misbelief as one of the subjects students commonly ask about :
Q : I ’ve been told that water goes down a sink in one direction in the Northern Hemisphere and in the opposite direction in the Southern Hemisphere .
Is that true ?
A : No !
The origin of this myth comes from applying a scientific principle to a situation where it does not fit .
The Coriolis deflection causes cyclonic systems to rotate counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere .
It was inevitable that someone would suggest ( without checking ) that a sink should drain in a similar manner .
However , a cyclone is more than 1000 kilometers in diameter and may exist for several days .
By contrast , a typical sink is less than a meter in diameter and drains in a matter of seconds .
On this scale , the Coriolis force is miniscule .
Therefore , the shape of the sink and how level it is has more to do with the direction of water flow than the Coriolis force .
It is true that taking great pains to isolate a small body of water from every other potential source of angular momentum can produce an observable Coriolis effect , but this condition does not hold true for the typical household fixture or pool :
We can only speculate on why people are so enamored of this snippet of misinformation , guessing that it has something to do with the desire to find some of the mysteries of science in the realm of the everyday .
Since it is now obvious that the British state is about to commit one of the most protoplasmic acts of self - abasement since Suez , and since the clock is now ticking to the moment when Gary McKinnon , 43 , will be taken from his home in north London and put – if necessary by force – on a plane to America , it is time to pose the question everyone seems to have ignored .
Leave aside , for a moment , the morality of exporting the Asperger ’s sufferer for trial in America .
Can I ask , what is the point of having a trial at all ?
I simply do not understand what proposition is to be so expensively tested in this American courtroom .
Gary McKinnon is accused of hacking into American military computers .
He is charged with roaming around the cyberspace of the Pentagon , and leaving such insulting spoor as “ your security is cr-p ” .
He is accused of guessing passwords , and trying to view secret photos of unidentified flying objects in Nasa databanks .
All this will be put to him in court by some brace - twanging prosecution counsel , as though it were the crux of the matter .
And yet Mr McKinnon has never denied it .
He has always said that he hacked into American military computers , and that is because he earnestly believes that there is a conspiracy between Uncle Sam and Big Oil to cover up the interception of alien craft that are running on some kind of renewable energy .
For all I know he may be right .
The superhuman PPH rate of the commercial device is not what 's so compelling , though -- I doubt I could deal with 200 pancakes in an hour , even with all my neighbors ' hungry kids to help .
The killer feature is the streamlined way the machine emits and tidily stacks the cakes .
The Teflon conveyor belts , pre-packed bags of batter , precision nozzles , and rapid heating elements that dwell within the ChefStack are concealed from view -- all you get is breakfast .
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Recitation # 20 - Pavlov and Schrödinger
Consider : if the cat is both dead and alive at the same time , does that mean Schrödinger 's cat is a zombie ?
If you 've got a question for recitation , send it in and we 'll see what we can do .
Remember to put ' Recitation Question ' in the subject line .
Otherwise , feel free to post in the forums or on the Facebook page ( where we pulled today 's from ) .
FOLLOW -UP COMMENT FROM DANTE :
A few hours after posting the comic , I was informed that Darby Conley 's " Get Fuzzy " had been using the above premise for the past week .
After checking and seeing that the last five Get Fuzzy comics were about a dog and cat fighting , I was pissed for being accused of plagiarism , so I responded with a rant on Twitter and a nasty email .
After which some of my readers informed me that the recitation question was indeed asked by one character in the July 10th Get Fuzzy comic , a week ago today .
I was an avid Get Fuzzy reader for years , even after I stopped getting newspapers , so I apologize to Darby Conley for what may seem like taking a question debated by his characters and using it for my own comic .
Also , I apologize to the emailer for the rip job he / she received as a response when I flew off - the - handle .
I really do try to go out of my way and make sure I do n't plagiarize or steal any ideas from anyone else , be it comic or webcomic or otherwise .
I take a lot of pride in making sure that STW remains as original as possible , which is why the comic does n't use a stick - figure style ( like xkcd ) and why the comic purposely breaks the fourth wall ( unlike most of A Softer World ) .
So if any comic looks like it has taken an idea directly from another source , it truly is unintentional .
There 's a lot of comedy out there right now , in a hundred different forms , so we 're at the point in society where accidental plagiarism is probably going to happen more often than we'd like to admit , but please do n't believe I try to use that as an excuse to create something of my own .
I may have taken a completely different approach to the question above than Darby Conley did , and taken the idea a lot further , but I 'd still rather not brush upon similar topics used by other writers , especially so soon after they touched on them .
Creative originality is a major goal of STW , so please , if you 're sending in a recitation question , do n't steal your idea from something else you 've just read or seen .
That 's really , really not helping .
And now , having drastically swung around on the emotional scale from righteous anger to guilt to anger again , I will now go put my fist through a wall .
Thank you for understanding .
Santa Barbara police officer Brian Kenneth Sawicki has been placed on administrative leave after his off - duty arrest Monday for indecent exposure at Refugio State Beach .
About 3:20 p.m.
Monday , two teenage girls were walking along a trail when they noticed a man walking behind them , according to public information officer Drew Sugars , a spokesman for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff ’s Department .
The girls walked back toward the campground and saw the man again , who was lying down and masturbating .
Sugars said the girls alerted an on - duty state park ranger .
While the girls were being interviewed , they saw the man and pointed him out to the ranger .
The suspect saw the ranger approaching and ran away .
After a foot pursuit , the suspect was caught and arrested , Sugars said .
Sheriff ’s detectives arrested Sawicki , 33 , on misdemeanor charges of annoying or molesting a child under 18 , indecent exposure and obstructing / resisting a police officer .
He was booked into the Santa Barbara County Jail on $ 2,500 bail .
Upon learning of the incident , Santa Barbara Police Chief Cam Sanchez ordered Sawicki placed on administrative leave .
“ I am shocked and deeply disappointed that a member of my department is the subject of this investigation , ” Sanchez said , “ but I want to assure the public that the department is taking all necessary steps to ensure the public is protected and the investigation is completed in a fair and impartial manner . ”
The Santa Barbara Police Department is handling the administrative investigation ; the sheriff ’s department is handling the criminal investigation .
Sawicki will remain on administrative leave while the investigation is pending , Santa Barbara Lt. Paul McCaffrey said .
While on leave , Sawicki has no police powers and has surrendered his police badge , identification and department - issued weapon .
— Noozhawk staff writer Michelle Nelson can be reached at .
( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
ALBANY 
Why ca n’t New York ’s feuding senators act like grown - ups ?
Nearly a month into the Senate ’s bitter leadership struggle , there are few signs that the Republican and Democratic voting blocs , deadlocked in a 31 - to - 31 tie , are close to a deal to get back to work .
To outsiders , it is hard to imagine why the Senate cannot come together in the face of rising public criticism , withering news coverage and a schedule that has Gov. David A. Paterson forcing them to spend summer weekends in the capital .
But inside the Capitol , interviews with lawmakers on both sides reveal deeper reasons for the standoff , and the stubbornness that has accompanied it .
Senate Republicans know the state ’s voters , demographically speaking , are moving away from them .
The electorate is growing more diverse in New York City and its suburbs , a trend that is likely to favor the Democrats , while the upstate region , a Republican base , has suffered a population drain .
At the same time , the Republican caucus is all white and almost entirely male , with half its members 62 or older .
Republicans privately acknowledge that they face an uphill battle in regaining control of the Senate in the election next year .
They are claiming that they should lead the Senate for the next year and a half .
But they are also trying to take steps now  during what may turn out to be a fleeting moment of power  to undo the worst of what life in the minority party means in Albany .
Nearly 70 percent of the Pentagon ’s 96 largest weapons programs were over budget last year , for a combined total of $ 296 billion more than the original estimates , a Congressional auditing agency reported Monday .
The findings , compiled by the Government Accountability Office , seemed likely to add to the pressure on officials to make sizable cuts in the most troubled programs as they work out the details of a proposed $ 664 billion defense budget for fiscal 2010 .
President Obama has said that the “ days of giving defense contractors a blank check are over . ”
Pentagon officials have said they will finish putting together a list of proposed cuts in April .
In a letter to Congress , Gene L. Dodaro , the acting comptroller general for the G.A.O. , an auditing agency , said that while there had been modest improvements in the last year , the Pentagon ’s management of the contracts remained poor , and cost overruns were “ still staggering . ”
Bob Chapman | August 5 , 2009
Bowing to populist anger , the House voted Friday to prohibit pay and bonus packages that encourage bankers and traders to take risks so big they could bring down the entire economy .
Passage of the bill on a 237-185 vote followed the disclosure a day earlier that nine of the nation 's biggest banks , which are receiving billions of dollars in federal bailout aid , paid individual bonuses of $ 1 million or more to nearly 5,000 employees .
This is not the government taking over the corporate sector , " Rep. Melvin Watt , D - N.C , said of the House action .
" It is a statement by the American people that it is time for us to straighten up the ship . "
Employment compensation for U.S. workers has grown over the past 12 months by the lowest amount on record , reflecting the severe recession that has gripped the country .
The Labor Department said Friday that employment costs rose by 1.8 percent for the 12 months ending in June , the smallest annual gain on records that go back to 1982 .
The department said that for the April - June quarter , its Employment Cost Index rose by just 0.4 percent , just slightly above the 0.3 percent rise in the first quarter , which had been the smallest quarterly gain on record .
Companies , struggling to cope during the current hard times , have been laying off workers , trimming wage gains and holding down overtime to save costs .
The 1.8 percent increase in overall compensation for the past 12 months included a record low 1.8 percent rise in wages and salaries , which account for 70 percent of compensation costs .
Benefits , which include such things as health insurance and contributions to pension plans , also rose by 1.8 percent during the past year , the lowest annual gain in this category since a similar increase during the 12 months ending in September 1997 .
This past week the market rose slightly .
The Dow rose 0.9 % , S&P rose 0.8 % , the Russell 2000 rose 1.5 % and the Nasdaq rose 0.3 % .
Cyclicals rose 5.5 % as utilities fell 2.4 % .
Banks rose 8.4 % ; broker / dealers 3.7 % ; semis increased 0.3 % and biotechs 0.7 % as high tech fell 0.2 % and Internets fell 1.3 % .
Gold bullion gained $ 2.10 as the HUI fell 0.2 % .
Two year T - bills rose 5 bps to 1.01 % , the 10 - year notes fell 18 bps to 3.48 % and the 10 - year German bunds fell 18 bps to 3.305 .
Freddie Mac ’s 30 - year fixed mortgage rates rose 5 bps to 5.25 % , the 15 ’s added 1 bps to 4.69 % and one - year ARMs rose 3 bps to 4.80 % .
The jumbo 30 - year fixed rates fell 2 bps to 6.36 % .
Fed credit fell $ 0.06 billion , up 125 % yoy .
Fed foreign holdings of Treasuries , Agency debt jumped $ 6.2 billion to a record $ 2.793 trillion .
Custody holdings for foreign central banks have expanded 19.1 % ytd and 18 % yoy .
M2 narrow money supply rose $ 8.9 billion , or 8.2 % yoy .
Total money market fund assets fell $ 22 billion to $ 2.634 trillion .
Year - to - date they have fallen 8.9 % annualized .
This past week the dollar index , USDX , declined 0.6 % to a 2009 low of 78.31 .
The stock market continues its bear market rally , which is very similar to the rallies in 1930 and 1932 .
What we are seeing at this stage of the rally is the shares of smaller companies and companies with low ratings outperforming better issues on low volume .
85 % of the market has broken out above its 50 - day moving average , but the quality of leadership is very questionable .
After 50 years of observing markets we know from experience that these kinds of rallies at this stage end the overall rally .
This is a low - quality rally and it is very overbought .
That is enunciated by low volume and short covering .
The gains at this juncture should be miniscule leaving those who are still long a chance to exit what will end up being a trap .
Keep in mind as well that the depression is not ending and unemployment is still climbing .
We see no signs of a sustainable recovery .
Most of the important earnings reports have been made and absorbed by the market .
As long as companies are laying off and cutting back on hours they wo n’t be increasing inventory , especially with retail sales continuing to slide .
There are no signs of a sustainable recovery .
Even if inventories are increased it will be a one shot deal .
The recovery , if there is to be one , will be production led .
How can that happen as layoffs continue and banks continue to cut back on lending ?
Any recovery is contingent on bank lending .
Plus , we are seeing continued deleveraging in all sectors .
The credit is not available to support higher production .
Capacity utilization is hanging around 85 , which means there is already major idle capacity .
Consumers are simply not buyers .
That happened in the last recession in 2002 , but that lack of participation was supplanted by the real estate bubble .
We are seeing twice as much asset deflation and triple the job losses of the last slowdown .
That means recovery is a long way off .
All stimulus packages do is prolong the agony , worsen and distort the systemic problems .
Forty percent of total disposable income is coming from government programs , whereas the remainder , wages and salaries from the private economy , are declining at a 3.1 % rate .
If you add in inflation , which no one seems to talk about anymore , you have at least a 10 % annual loss in purchasing power .
Even $ 3 billion in rebates in “ cash for clunkers ” is not going to have any lasting economic effect .
It is just a prolongation of the problem although workers deserve a break , after the Treasury and the Fed commit American taxpayers for $ 23.7 trillion , most of it going to bail out Wall Street , banks and insurance companies .
The administration just threw the workers a $ 3 billion bone .
It should also be noted that what amounts to zero financing has been going on for nine years .
The market was saturated and to keep the assembly lines working and workers employed to fend off recession .
Earnings increases came at the cost of major unemployment over the past six months assisted by mark - to - model pricing of assets and other games of 3 - card Monte .
Be as it may in today ’s culture of crime the market has priced in a 40 % increase in earnings next year , which is ridiculous .
Worse yet , financials have flattened out and they were among the leaders upward and discretionary consumer stocks have taken over the lead .
As well stocks profoundly affect by the depression , such as gaming stocks , homebuilders , home furnishings , advertisers , hotels , automakers and retail shares .
In two weeks the back to school retail numbers will start coming in and they will not be nice .
That should trigger downside in the market .
Prices are being cut 30 to 70 percent .
How can companies make money that way ?
All they will do is reduce inventory .
Discretionary spending is out .
The game has changed .
Incidentally , Europe and the UK are experiencing the same thing .
As well there is lots of negativity being driven by the swine flu propaganda .
A falling dollar and rising gold and silver prices will point out what trouble the US and world economy has gotten itself into .
Boomers , some 80 million strong , accounted for 47 % of national spending and now they are saving .
They provided 78 % of spending growth up until recently .
What we find of special interest is that boomers aged 54 to 63 , even though told over and over again to prepare for retirement only 31 % are prepared .
If the Dow falls to 4,000 and house prices fall another 20 % , how much smaller will the percentage shrink ?
The number of plus 55 year olds reentering the workforce to survive , is cutting off jobs for younger members of society .
In addition about 50 % of corporations are now looking for new college graduates .
This is the situation that existed during the late 1940s , 50s and into the 1960s .
Those who got jobs were lucky and they kept them .
If you can believe it these grads were fortunate to make $ 400 a month .
This is where we are again headed .
A phenomenon we have observed over the past 15 years is professional low - balling of earnings , which allows for corporate earnings to perpetually look good .
Even at that only about 60 % of corporations beat professional earnings estimates .
Revenues have so far fallen 10 % , thus earnings objectives have been reached by firing personnel .
Incidentally that drop in revenues is ten times worse than in 2003 .
Unemployment at 20.5 % for U6 will rise to 22 % this year and 25 % or more next year .
Although the rise of the minimum wage from $ 6.55 to $ 7.25 an hour will aid low - income workers , but it will also stop hiring and will lead to more layoffs .
It will take two years for unemployment to bottom out after the depression is over and it is nowhere over as yet .
This time around the number of part time jobs has doubled to more than 9 million above the norm .
Those hours are at an all - time low of 33 hours as we learned last week .
That leaves us short 8 million jobs if you include the 150,000 people entering the workforce monthly .
Most of these jobs have been lost permanently due to free trade , globalization , offshoring and outsourcing , unless Congress legislates tariffs on goods and services .
More than 7 million jobs have been lost due to globalization over the past ten years .
Few of those who have lost jobs have been retained .
We need better education , but as long as the federal government dictates how children will be educated we see no recovery .
Can you imagine what this will do to productivity ?
There are no easy solutions .
We are still on the same course sculptured for use by the Illuminists and there is no turning back .
Behind all the problems sit the central bankers they have deliberately allowed massive leverage in banking of some 50 times assets , which in turn led to the credit crisis of the past two years .
Market forces should determine interest rates and we should return to targeting money and credit once the system has been purged .
The control of monetary policy should be in the hands of the treasury , not controlled by the Fed .
It has been 30 years since we targeted monetary aggregates and it is about time we returned to that device to reign in the excesses we have witnessed since 1980 .
Remember , only central banks are capable of creating excessive money and credit , ridiculously low interest rates and inflation .
Bankers fully understand that unrestrained credit is inherently unstable and that eventually has to bring hyperinflation and eventually deflationary collapse .
That is why for centuries gold was used to back currencies .
It kept the central bankers honest .
This undisciplined display of money and credit expansion by most all central banks has been done deliberately .
These people are not dumb ; they know exactly what they are doing .
Just to give you an idea how serious the situation is in MBS , mortgage backed securities , issuance has gone wild .
In June , MBS , held and guaranteed by Fannie Mae was $ 3,194 trillion , up $ 423.9 billion on the month .
Freddie ’s book grew $ 12.2 billion .
In other words , MBS issuance is almost at levels seen in 2007 and 2008 .
The media does n’t carry such information because it is inconvenient for government .
Most of these loans are of sub prime and ALT - A character , which guarantees us another crisis a year down the road as homeowners default and two years hence as these loans reset .
This will cause more new downward pressure on real estate prices .
What abject stupidity , or perhaps there is another agenda and that is to guarantee a total collapse of the economy , during hyperinflation two years from now .
Who , we ask is going to continue to fund $ 2 trillion in US Treasuries as the amount increases by the minute for years to come ?
The demands will be exponential .
The Fed is already monetizing Treasury paper and the demands to continue to do so in the future will grow louder as time goes on .
This is called debasement , and it is the tact the Fed has chosen to follow until the deflationary plug is pulled .
The only way to defend your assets and guarantee wealth preservation is to have gold and silver related assets .
In another sign of the times Smith and Hawhen , an upscale garden supply chain is in liquidation .
The owner , Scott Miracle Gro , could n’t find a buyer .
Times are tough for illegal aliens as they begin to have money sent back to the US , so they can exist .
Many have not worked for two years and , of course , they are not counted among the unemployed .
On the other hand money leaving the US for Mexico has fallen by some 70 % .
Last year legal and illegal aliens sent $ 50 billion back to their home countries .
Year - on - year the amount of foreign currency on deposit fell 7 % in the Dominican Republic , 12 % in India and 6 % in Mexico .
The money coming back to the states wo n’t last long , because most of the funds were spent on living expenses .
Almost a year ago AIG , American International Group ,
One the world ’s largest insurance company , received $ 182 billion from taxpayers , in exchange for a 78 % stake .
Of that money $ 165 million went for bonuses for its Financial Products Group , which in part caused the firm ’s failure .
This is the gang that sold credit default swaps .
AIG ran naked on these deals .
They had no collateral back up for the contracts they had entered into .
Out of $ 105.4 billion that secretly was run through AIG to cover their bad bets to US and foreign bankers , Goldman received $ 12.8 billion .
The reason , after much prodding , Treasury Secretary Paulson wanted to keep the names and where the money had gone secret , was that this was a secret taxpayer bailout of banks worldwide .
It was not until Paulson left office that what he had done became public knowledge .
In order to avoid detection of what they were up too at AIG they deliberately and frequently assigned the risks assumed to their different North American insurance companies .
They created a game of musical chairs to deceive state regulators as well .
They had assumed liabilities far beyond their ability to pay on those obligations .
There is no question in our mind that former CEO and guiding light at the Council on Foreign Relations , Hank Greenberg , engineered this terrible deception .
It so far has cost taxpayers $ 182 billion .
We wonder how much more it will cost us ?
You may not know it yet , but we are winning .
The Internet , shortwave and Satellite have the elitists on the run .
This is even more pronounced today than at the Bilderberger Meeting in Greece in June .
Governments and central banks are under severe pressure .
Just look at irate constituents at Town Hall meetings and 277 co-sponsors of Ron Paul ’s HR 1207 , a bill to investigate and audit the Fed .
Ex-treasury Secretary Paulson and Fed Chairman Bernanke were just treated to the worst grilling in the history of the House and were called crooks and criminals by Congress people .
Bernanke could n’t explain where $ 500 billion came from and as well the disappearance of $ 2 trillion .
When these events happened the dollar strengthened , but Bernanke only found this to be a coincidence .
Congressman Grayson laughed in Bernanke ’s face .
We had this tape in the last issue in the US section , and after we ran it , it mysteriously disappeared from C - Span .
So much for a free media and open society .
The $ 500 billion was spread far and wide ; actually $ 531 billion went to central banks worldwide to prop up the dollar .
This is what these swaps were all about , as was the attempted gold suppression , which happened simultaneously .
That was unsuccessful because Europeans do not want to sell more gold , and that is borne out by the lack of central bank sales this year , besides the US cannot be a seller to suppress prices , because if they have any gold left it is in the form of coin melt .
There has been no gold audit since 1955 .
This time the Fed does not have currency swaps to defend the dollar and that is why there was no defense of 78 on the USDX this week .
That means the Fed has to quickly create $ 500 billion more monetized dollars for more currency swaps , so that it can sell more foreign currencies to stem the fall of the dollar .
If that does not happen the dollar will keep on plunging .
The market action over the next four months should be spectacular .
The ISM report on prices paid increased to 55 from 52 .
This again shows prices are not retreating – they are rising .
This heavily weighs on the dollar , so it is no wonder the dollar continues to sink .
We are in a depression in the inflationary stage and as long as money and credit and Fed monetization continues inflation will rise .
The Fed is well aware of all this , because they deliberately created this situation .
Once again bean counters ‘ fooled ’ with inflation to produce higher GDP than warranted .
Power sockets can be used to eavesdrop on what people type on a computer .
Security researchers found that poor shielding on some keyboard cables means useful data can be leaked about each character typed .
By analysing the information leaking onto power circuits , the researchers could see what a target was typing .
The attack has been demonstrated to work at a distance of up to 15 m , but refinement may mean it could work over much longer distances .
Hotel attack " Our goal is to show that information leaks in the most unexpected ways and can be retrieved , " wrote Andrea Barisani and Daniele Bianco , of security firm Inverse Path , in a paper describing their work .
The research focused on the cables used to connect PS / 2 keyboards to desktop PCs .
Usefully , said the pair , the six wires inside a PS / 2 cable are typically " close to each other and poorly shielded " .
This means that information travelling along the data wire , when a key is pressed , leaks onto the earth wire in the same cable .
The earth wire , via the PC 's power unit , ultimately connects to the plug in the power socket , and from there information leaks out onto the circuit supplying electricity to a room .
Even better , said the researchers , data travels along PS / 2 cables one bit at a time and uses a clock speed far lower than any other PC component .
Both these qualities make it easy to pick out voltage changes caused by key presses .
A digital oscilloscope was used to gather data about voltage changes on a power line and filters were used to remove those caused by anything other than the keyboard .
" The PS / 2 signal square wave is preserved with good quality ... and can be decoded back to the original keystroke information , " wrote the pair in a paper describing their work .
They demonstrated it working over distances of 1 , 5 , 10 and 15 m from a target , far enough to suggest it could work in a hotel or office .
" The test performed in the laboratory represent a worst case scenario for this type of measurement , which along with acceptable results emphasizes the feasibility of the attack on normal conditions , " they added .
The pair said their research was " work in progress " and expect the equipment to get more sensitive as it is refined .
The attack is due to be demonstrated at the Black Hat conference that takes place in Las Vegas from 25 - 30 July .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nelson Young Matthews and Mellencamp Bringing Farm Aid To St. Louis Oct. 4 , 2009
There has never been a better time to promote the importance of local growing , organic farming , using and developing sustainable agricultural practices , and for big companies to cash in on all that goodness .
The good : Willie Nelson will bring Farm Aid to St. Louis .
The expected – tickets can only be purchased through LiveNation – the now uncontested ruler of all things live performance in the universe .
That said , this looks to be an amazing event and for one of the most important causes of our time – something even more relevant now than when it was first created .
Here are the details :
ST . LOUIS — Farm Aid , alongside farmers and food buyers at the Historic Soulard Farmer ’s Market , announced today that it will bring its annual benefit concert to St. Louis , marking the first time that the organization will stage the event in Missouri .
“ Farm Aid has deep roots in the Midwest that reach back to our first concert in Illinois in 1985 , ” said Farm Aid president Willie Nelson .
“ I ’m looking forward to bringing my friends together on the Farm Aid stage to celebrate family farmers and the crucial work they do .
Farmers do so much more than bring us the good food we all want to eat .
America needs family farmers to revitalize our economy and make our country healthy . ”
Farm Aid 2009 Presented by Horizon Organic will feature Farm Aid board members Willie Nelson , Neil Young , John Mellencamp and Dave Matthews on Sunday , October 4 at the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater in Maryland Heights , Mo. , plus other top artists to be announced .
The concert event will celebrate music , family farmers and good food , and will again feature HOMEGROWN concessions — family - farm identified , local and organic foods .
Farm Aid ’s HOMEGROWN
Village will showcase hands - on activities that give concertgoers a chance to meet farmers , get their hands dirty , and learn how family farmers are enriching our soil , protecting our water , and connecting us to our roots .
“ Family farmers are innovative entrepreneurs who safeguard our food , environment and health , ” said Carolyn Mugar , executive director of Farm Aid .
“ Since the beginning , Farm Aid has worked with family farmers in the Midwest to keep them on the land , especially in the face of factory farms that have threatened to take over food production .
At Farm Aid , concertgoers will reap the benefits of this work and will experience food grown by Missouri ’s family farms . ”
Tickets for Farm Aid 2009 Presented by Horizon Organic will go on sale July 25 at 10 a.m. CDT and are available exclusively at www.livenation.com , the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater Box Office , by calling ( 877 ) 598-8703 , or at participating Blockbuster stores ( visit www.livenation.com for list of locations ) .
There is no service charge at the Verizon Wireless Box Office for the first week of ticket sales , July 25 - August 1 .
Tickets for Farm Aid 2009 Presented by Horizon Organic are $ 39 for lawn ; $ 44 , $ 54 and $ 79 for seats ; and $ 169 for a limited number of premium seats .
Like this : Like Loading ...
1. Autos / vehicles : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Annual sales have plummeted from 17 million vehicles a year to about 9 million a year , and the U.S. probably contains about 30 million surplus / lightly used vehicles ( a number snagged from economist David Rosenberg 's latest report ) .
Modern vehicles can easily last 15 - 20 year , so the " need " to replace vehicles is rather low .
Actual " necessary " replacement might require as few as 5 million vehicles a year .
With unemployment at 16 % , assets down by $ 10 trillion and the FIRE economy ( finance , real estate and insurance ) in disarray , where does anyone think the consumer borrowing firepower will come from to finance an extra 8 million vehicles a year ?
2. Housing / real estate : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Let 's see : new home sales down from 1.4 million a year to 350,000 a year and the headlines are screaming " recovery in housing " even as house prices are down 50 % from the bubble peak and still declining .
The Case - Shiller index just came in at a year - over - year decline of 17 % and the market is cheering because it's a few tenths of a percent " better than expected . "
The U.S. has 18.7 million vacant homes and even if you bulldoze a couple million in shrinking rust - belt cities we still have 16.7 million vacant dwellings , plus thousands more foolishly being constructed every year .
Furniture sales and auctions of old furniture are in the ditch ; ditto draperies , carpeting , hardwood flooring , etc. etc. , much of which is still manufactured in the U.S.
No wonder the manufacturing sector is still contracting as well .
The bubble in commercial real estate has yet to pop but the needle is currently being inserted into the balloon .
Too many malls , too many strip malls , too many office towers , too many CRE buildings everywhere .
3. FIRE economy : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Finance , real estate and insurance were the boomtown industries in the housing bubble .
They 're diminished and will never come back ; the consumer must save now to avoid a retirement in a cardboard box , flipping houses for profits is history and people are paying off debt , not churning new loans .
4. Healthcare : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Everybody and their brother has been touting healthcare as the " growth industry " but since it already consumes 17 % of the entire U.S. GDP , there 's very little oxygen left .
The ever - expanding entitlements of Medicare and Medicaid are actually being trimmed , and those 15 million people who have lost their jobs and / or benefits can't go to the doctor and have their insurance carrier billed $ 10,000 any more .
Healthcare has peaked and a growing share of the government 's revenues will be going to pay interest on the ballooning national debt , not expanding healthcare .
Any other view is fantasy ; the interest on the debt is already $ 400 billion a year and interest rates have n't even started rising .
5. Education : missing in action ( MIA ) .
This is the other highly touted " always expanding " jobs factory .
Tell that to the thousands of teachers , janitors , and administrators being laid off as local government tax revenues crater .
And people are finally waking up to the unfortunate fact that private diploma mills are not actually offering much of an edge in the real world ; in fact , neither are pricey private universities .
When it comes time to create your own job , nobody cares about your diploma -- they only want value and results .
The current crop of graduates may be in some sort of elevated state of denial -- i.e. believing the job drought will end next year -- but the old ploy of going back to graduate school to wait out the recession may not work unless you 're getting a graduate degree in stem cell research or network security .
In any event , education is no longer the " guaranteed job factory " because funding for all local government functions is being slashed .
6. Local government : missing in action ( MIA ) .
The same can be said for government itself , which continued to add tens of thousands of jobs even as the recession began slashing and burning the private sector economy .
The reductions in local government headcount have yet to really kick in , as Federal stimulus funding is staving off cuts that would have resulted from plummeting tax revenues .
All the stimulus has done is push the job cuts in state , county and city governments forward into 2010 .
All three of these sectors -- government , education and healthcare - - expanded dramatically because tax revenues skyrocketed as a result of the bubble .
For example , look at this chart of the total assessed value of Florida real estate 1990 to 2005 : it tripled .
Now think of all those luscious property taxes which gushed into local government coffers :
All those expecting unlimited growth in government , education and healthcare seem to forget that all these expanded as a result of the bubble in tax revenues derived from the bubble in credit , stock and bond markets and real estate .
7. Small business : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Small businesses are the real job engine of the economy , but unfortunately very few small businesses are expanding and anxious to hire more employees .
The vast majority are still trying to stave off insolvency and are looking to cut more hours and staff positions .
There simply is no alternative as the State ( all levels of government ) increases the tax load on small business even as they claim to " care about small business . "
True , in one way : they care the way parasites care about not killing the host outright but merely bleeding it to the point of near - death .
Unfortunately , the parasites misjudged and their host is expiring .
8. Domestic manufacturing : missing in action ( MIA ) .
While the manufacturing sector is still formidable in many areas , as we all know much has been shipped overseas for the basic , classic capitalist reason that the move increased profits stupendously .
Now , however , a " recovery " or " export boom " in manufacturing cannot pull the entire economy any longer because the manufacturing sector has shrunk to such a small percentage of the overall economy .
9. Structural reform : missing in action ( MIA ) .
Instead of cleaning out the embezzlement , fraud , gaming , leverage , exploitation , obfuscation , etc. at the heart of the U.S. financial sector , the guilty have been rewarded with gargantuan bailouts and the innocent ( taxpayers ) punished .
The public pension systems which boosted retirement benefits in the bubble years are heading for insolvency but rather than reform them the unions and political lackeys are shoving this reality under the rug lest various interest groups get angered .
Healthcare , a.k.a. sick - care , is in desperate need of deep structural reform but instead we are treated to a Kafka - esque nightmare charade in which another trillion dollars will be squandered " to save money later . "
The special interests have this " industry " in a chokehold and will only release their grip when the poor old system expires , as it most certainly will , and soon .
10 . Strong dollar : missing in action ( MIA ) .
If the dollar loses half its current exchange value ( as measured by the DXY Dollar Index ) as many expect then the cost of all imports such as oil magically double .
Thus we could see $ 130 / barrel oil even as the price in gold or other currencies did n't move at all or actually became cheaper .
11 . Collateral / borrowing power : missing in action ( MIA ) .
You 've probably seen this chart or one like it recently :
With $ 10 trillion of assets down the drain and the entire economy maxed out on credit , where do economists expect new credit growth to come from ?
Martians with good credit landing and hurrying into Bank of America for loans ?
12 . Leadership : missing in action ( MIA ) .
We have few leaders in any sector , public or private ; we have panderers to various special interests and voting blocs , similar to any run -of - the - mill Third World kleptocracy .
To my knowledge only Ron Paul speaks to fundamental issues such as getting rid of the Federal Reserve and the failure of the entire Keynsian " intervention / manipulation of free markets to save them " project .
Few speak to the end - state of all government dependent on credit bubbles for its growth and policy : insolvency .
If you want more troubling / revolutionary / annoying analysis , please read Free eBook now available : HTML version : Survival + : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation ( PDF version ( 111 pages ) : Survival + )
" Your book is truly a revolutionary act . " Kenneth R .
oftwominds.com is ranked 9,905 according to quantcast.com .
Thanks to you , this is a " top 10,000 site . " woo - hoo .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Deanna V. ( $ 30 ) , for your extremely generous donation to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Russ R. ( $ 20 ) , for your very generous donation to this site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
A cyclist who knocked down an 84 - year - old pedestrian who later died has been jailed for seven months .
Darren
Hall was riding " like a bat out of hell " when he came down a hill and jumped on to the pavement to avoid a red traffic light , Dorchester Crown Court heard .
As he went round a blind bend , he saw Ronald Turner but was travelling too quickly to take evasive action .
He knocked over the pensioner , causing him to fall into the road and suffer head injuries on 8 August last year in Weymouth , Dorset .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
An off - duty nurse helped the pensioner , who was taken to Dorset County Hospital in Dorchester but died almost two weeks later on 21 August .
Hall , 20 , a supermarket worker from Weymouth , pleaded guilty to one count of wanton and furious driving causing bodily harm and was sentenced yesterday .
He was also banned from driving for 12 months .
Mr Turner 's daughter Gillian Muhl said in a statement : " The cyclist was described as riding like a bat out of hell .
Mr Turner 's family are relieved that the whole episode has been brought to a close and urge all cyclists to stay off the pavement . "
The pensioner 's family said those cyclists who broke the law had to face the consequences of their actions .
Flynn , Ceci , and Turkheimer on Race and Intelligence : Opening Moves
William Saletan may be the first journalist to so directly acknowledge the scientific evidence suggesting a non-trivial genetic basis for racial differences in IQ ( hereafter , the partly - genetic hypothesis ) and to be allowed to publish his views .
Publication of his 3 - part article in Slate ( Nov. 18 - 20 , 2007 ) represents a stunning departure from usual journalist practice , which is to enforce the taboo against voicing such thoughts .
But Saletan does something more important .
He urges us to look the dreaded possibility straight in the eye to see whether it is really as fearsome as we imagine .
He thinks not , and I agree .
Flynn , Ceci , and Turkheimer comment on both issues raised by Saletan :
How strong is the scientific evidence favoring a partly - genetic hypothesis ?
And is it wise to speak openly and honestly about it ?
All three reject Saletan ’s judgment favoring the genetic hypothesis , though with varying degrees of finality .
On the second question , Turkheimer opposes “ cool - headed evaluation of the empirical evidence ” because the hypothesis is , in his view , “ offensive ” and “ dangerous . ”
Flynn and Ceci side with Saletan in allowing such evaluation , but Flynn echoes Turkheimer ’s moral distaste when he labels as “ offensive ” the IQ - based scholarship with which all three disagree .
The series of posts by these three authors illustrates , in microcosm , the melange of criticism commonly marshaled against mainstream science on intelligence in order to seem to discredit it without actually engaging its large interlocking body of evidence .
Indeed , the criticism succeeds precisely by avoiding such engagement .
There are two general strategies for avoiding the totality of relevant evidence : ( 1 ) create doubt about some small portion of it as if that isolated doubt nullified the totality of evidence , and ( 2 ) put unwelcome evidence off - limits by labeling it immoral or ill - motivated .
What Is the Debate About — Phenotypic or Genotypic Differences in Intelligence ?
IQ tests measure only phenotypic ( developed ) differences in general intelligence ( g ) , not what causes them .
Ability differences among groups can be real without necessarily being genetic , either in whole or part .
When scientists speak of race or sex differences , this is short - hand for average differences between the groups — just as when we refer to men being taller than women or Americans being fatter today than decades back .
There is no implication that the observed differences are caused by genetic rather than non-genetic differences between the groups .
Public commentary on black - white IQ differences generally confuses these two questions : whether blacks and whites differ in average developed intelligence level , and , if so , why .
The first question has been scientifically settled for decades .
As a task force of the American Psychological Association wrote in its flagship journal in 1996 , “ The differential between the mean intelligence test scores of [ Western ]
Blacks and Whites … does not result from any obvious biases in test construction and administration ” ( Neisser et al. , 1996 ) .
The gap in abilities is real , and it has real - world , practical consequences for the individuals and societies involved ( Gottfredson , 1997 ) .
Racial - ethnic differences in phenotypic intelligence are the rule , not the exception , worldwide .
In contrast , the “ why ” question — are these differences partly genetic ?
— remains a matter of much scientific debate .
For instance , despite agreeing that the American black - white IQ gap reflects a gap in general learning and reasoning abilities , intelligence researchers differ on the extent to which the average difference is genetic in origin .
Some have written that current evidence makes the black - white gap more plausibly 80 % genetic than 0 % genetic and others that 50 % genetic is more plausible than 0 % genetic , and yet others have argued that the available evidence is equally consistent with 0 % genetic or is not yet sufficient to venture an opinion .
I suspect that most experts on the topic now believe that the gap is at least somewhat genetic , because that was the plurality judgment when solicited confidentially twenty years ago ( Snyderman & Rothman , 1988 ) .
My view is that the current weight of evidence favors a 50 - 80 percent rather than a zero percent genetic component ( Gottfredson , 2005 b ) .
Gambits for Seeming to Discredit the Genetic Hypothesis Without Actually Doing So
The question Saletan raises is thus whether the part - genetic hypothesis explains average racial differences in phenotypic intelligence better than does a no-genetic hypothesis .
Flynn , Turkheimer , and Ceci seem to favor the latter .
Their arguments for it , to the extent they provide any , rest on creating doubt about the evidence for g and its relation to race .
The part - genetic hypothesis becomes plausible only if intelligence differences among members of the same race are demonstrated to be real , important , and at least partly genetic .
It gains further plausibility when the difference in average intelligence between two races is also real , important , and stubborn .
The longer and stronger this chain of evidence for both blacks and whites , the more scientifically plausible a genetic component to their average IQ difference becomes .
Each link in the chain of evidence has been vigorously tested many times because all were once controversial hypotheses among the scientists testing them .
Often contrary to the researchers ’ initial expectations , each has proven robust .
That is why many critics of the genetic hypothesis will concede one or more of the links , at least implicitly , but then assert that crucial other links have been broken .
Table 1 lists a series of seven “ yes - but ” gambits for such purposes .
The first five deny the validity of basic facts about intelligence : the existence of intelligence ( g ) , its fair measurement , practical importance , stability ( lack of malleability ) , and high heritability .
None of these facts relates to race , per se .
The last two gambits concede all prior five facts but assert that racial differences in IQ are not genetic or must not be thought so .
The first , Non-Existence gambit is to concede racial differences in scores on IQ tests but then to assert that IQ tests do not measure intelligence because , for instance , “ intelligence ” is only that which a particular culture chooses to value .
In contrast , the Mismeasured ( Test - Bias ) rejoinder concedes what the Non-Existence rejoinder disputes ( “ Yes , IQ tests do measure intelligence ” ) but then targets a different link in the chain of plausibility ( “ but , they produce falsely low readings for blacks ” ) .
Both rejoinders , however , urge us to abolish IQ tests or question testers ’ motives rather than take the IQ gaps seriously .
Table 1 . “ Yes But ” Rejoinders Used to Ignore Scientific Findings of Intelligence and Race
( Click image for full table )
Flynn , Turkheimer , and Ceci make mutually inconsistent claims over which well - established facts we should doubt .
Turkheimer deploys primarily the Nonexistence and Unthinkable gambits .
Ceci rejects both and relies primarily on Malleability .
Flynn also deploys Malleability , but has it both ways on heritability ( secular changes but not individual differences are Just Environmental ) and the Nonexistence of g ( he “ shatters ” it across generations but not within them ) , hints at Unimportance , and explicitly rejects Unthinkable while providing reasons to accept it .
The “ but ” segment of the “ yes - but ” rejoinders in Table 1 have all been plausible scientific hypotheses at one time or another — for instance , that IQ tests are biased against non-whites or that intelligence is highly malleable .
That is why there has been so much research on them in the last half century .
A once plausible “ but ” becomes a misleading gambit , however , when it is falsely asserted to be proved or to enjoy a scientific consensus , especially once the weight of high - quality evidence has clearly tipped in the opposite direction .
The three commentators sometimes accomplish this by simply asserting counterfactual claims as “ clearly ” true .
As the center of scientific inquiry has moved along the chain of plausibility , from newly - confirmed links to still - contested ones , those who would quash the part - genetic hypothesis have shifted their “ yes - but ” rejoinders accordingly .
Where once they could seem to discredit the reports of racial differences in intelligence simply by asserting that intelligence ( or fair measurement or genetic influence within race ) does not exist , they now frequently assert that the existence of biological races has been disproved .
If race is only a social construct , without any biological component , then any genetic component to average racial differences in intelligence is ruled out .
Readers are thus invited to ignore or disparage all evidence in the entire chain of plausibility .
Our commentators do not comment on the biological reality of race , perhaps because they all deny one or more prior links in the chain of plausibility .
Each “ yes - but ” gambit contradicts prior ones in the list but enlarges the menu of options for impugning the science .
Their mutual inconsistency is muted by the “ yes ” concessions usually being left implicit .
While a “ but ” criticism can draw public accolades , a “ yes ” to bedrock facts can draw fire .
So , while our commentators sometimes disagree sharply about which links are weak , they join in pronouncing the chain broken .
Those making “ but ” statements generally justify doing so by providing an evidentiary “ because . ”
The last column of Table 1 exemplifies such appeals to seeming evidence .
Many are themselves once - plausible hypotheses , now disproved ; others are straw men or emotional appeals designed to arouse fear and disgust .
What catches public attention , however , is the great variety of ways in which the science seems to be rendered deficient , or worse .
The trump card is the Unthinkable gambit .
It gains popularity when the empirical evidence starts to seem incontestable .
This gambit moves the partly - genetic hypothesis out of the scientific realm and into the moral arena .
There , we need not consider whether the hypothesis is true or false ( that is , supported or not by the weight of evidence ) but whether accepting it makes one good or evil ( or , at least , feel good rather than guilty ) .
Scientific truth is no defense in the moral realm and , indeed , an unwelcome idea may be attacked all the more fiercely for possibly having truth on its side .
By this code , moral duty requires suppressing and censuring evil speech and mandating good speech , whether true or false .
Turkheimer plays this card openly .
Critics sometimes apply moral standards in the guise of scientific rigor , for example , when they demand that unwelcome conclusions be proved beyond all possible doubt .
Besides falsely suggesting that moral blame is the question , it shifts the scientific standard for adjudicating competing claims in science from the preponderance of the evidence ( Which side made the best factual case ? ) to burdening the unwelcome side with impossible standards of proof , as Flynn himself notes in one post .
The favored side is presumed true until the disfavored side answers an infinite regress of manufactured doubt .
All our commentators explicitly reject that double - standard , but they all enforce it implicitly by manufacturing and celebrating doubt about some facts while ignoring the fuller , interleaved network of evidence .
In the court of moral judgment , defending the scientific validity of an unwelcome conclusion amounts to confessing moral guilt .
Scientific strengths are rendered moral flaws ( objectivity becomes insensitivity ; integrity under fire , a taste for controversy ) .
The innocuous is made suspicious ( dedication is depicted as a fetish , collaboration as cabal ) .
Scientific conclusions on what “ is ” ( racial differences in IQ ) are construed as personal preferences for what “ ought to be . ”
Appeals to academic freedom are derogated as self - serving attempts to escape accountability or well - deserved opprobrium .
Thus , while all our commentators defend rights to academic freedom and free speech , they impugn the characters of opponents to make them seem less credible .
Let us turn now to the specifics in our three commentators ’ recent posts .
Avoiding the Totality of Evidence on g
Ceci is the most candid because he concedes there is “ impressive data ” for the first six bedrock facts in the chain of plausibility in Table 1 .
They “ seem to accord with each prong of the [ following ] syllogism : ”
An underlying ability ( called g ) is needed for all forms of cognitive performance
g is manifest in any broad cognitive battery such as IQ
g is related to many types of biological markers and is highly heritable
Large individual and group differences exist in g
Variation in g predicts differential life outcomes
Therefore , variation in life outcomes is at least partly rooted in biological differences in g
He is also candid about wishing to reject the syllogism ’s conclusion that “ g reflects an underlying biologically - based and stable intellectual ability , rather than a specific skill learned in school or taught by parents . ”
This is why he says “ all of us owe Flynn a deep debt of gratitude for complicating what had started to seem like a closed case ” — for “ throwing a spanner ” of doubt .
Ceci has pinpointed here why Flynn is feted worldwide by the critics of mainstream research on intelligence : not for disproving any part of the syllogism , and not for solving the mystery of why certain scores on certain IQ subtests have risen ( it remains unsolved ) , but for cultivating doubt about the syllogism .
In fact , the syllogism has already been empirically verified .
Level of education , occupation , and income are themselves moderately heritable ( 60 - 70 % , 50 % and 40 - 50 % , respectively ) , and these heritabilities overlap that for g by at least half ( yielding 40 % , 25 % , and 20 % of the phenotypic variation in the three life outcomes being jointly heritable with g : e.g. , Rowe , Vesterdal , & Rodgers , 1998 ) .
Ceci implies that Flynn has rendered Table 1 ’s bedrock facts 5 and 6 ( demonstrated lack of malleability , high heritability ) irrelevant when he says Flynn “ has shown beyond doubt that general intelligence fluctuates systematically over time and this cannot be due to our having better genes than our grandparents . ”
Flynn has shown neither , of course .
There is no evidence that g itself has risen much over time , if at all .
Nor is there any evidence that rules out genetic change ( e.g. , heterosis ) or that rules in environmental influences of any particular kind , if any at all , for the observed increases on certain subtests , the limited nature of which suggests that only a narrow band of skills has been affected .
For Ceci , Flynn provides a life - line of doubt to escape the decades of evidence showing that intelligence ( g ) is not malleable .
Now freed to search for levers of malleability , Ceci proposes education .
He acknowledges that the patterns of change in IQ subtest scores are opposite of what one would expect if school instruction were the cause , so he suggests that there is “ clearly ” something “ indirect ” about having more schooling that enhances intelligence .
He also notes , however , that some children show greater cognitive growth in a year of schooling than do others .
He interprets this , not as expected differences in children ’s maturation rates , but as evidence that “ clearly ” the “ everyday experiences that some individuals engage in ” improve intelligence .
For empirical support he must turn away from the large body of contrary evidence in the US from standard educational and work settings and toward bits of research from odd corners of the globe ( rural Kharwar Indian and Brazilian children ) or forms of “ natural stimulation ” during childhood ( herding , running errands , playing videogames or Legos ) .
Turkheimer selects a different target for scientific doubt : g itself ( bedrock fact 1 ) .
“ Practically everything [ is ] wrong with the concept of g . ”
He chides Flynn for conceding too much to me by accepting g as an empirical phenomenon .
His strategy is to assign an “ intuition ” to g’s advocates which he then demolishes with a thought experiment .
The experiment is that he can construct a universe in which abilities are independent .
He shows us that factor analysis will extract a g factor nonetheless .
His conclusion is that g is therefore an “ illusion . ”
His other - worldly demonstration does nothing , however , to invalidate the independent bodies of evidence showing that this “ illusion ” exists beyond factor analysis as a biological ( Jensen , 1998 ) and cross-species phenomenon ( Chabris , 2007 ) , and that it has more predictive substance in the real world than does any other cognitive ability .
In any case , Humphreys ( 1986 ) and others put his hypothesis to the test half a century ago when they earnestly tried , but failed , to build useful ability tests that did not also measure general intelligence .
Flynn seems less concerned with breaking any particular link in the empirical chain of evidence than with simply declaring the most troublesome ones irrelevant .
The most troublesome are g and its high heritability , which constitute the core of the syllogism that Ceci would like to see nullified .
So , while Flynn does not deny the existence of g or its high heritability , he attempts to “ shatter ” it with secular changes in IQ .
Explaining the secular increases seems secondary , except that the proferred explanations must emphasize the cultural malleability of “ intelligence . ”
He accomplishes this “ shattering ” by reversing perhaps the most important advance in intelligence measurement of the 20th Century , which was to separate the latent trait , g , from the specific devices used to measure it , including IQ tests .
This separation is what allows us to describe different mental tests according to their “ g loading ” ( their correlation with the latent trait , g ) .
All mental tests measure mostly g , whatever their original intent .
They often differ in the narrower skills and abilities that also contribute somewhat to good performance on them , but their power to predict important life outcomes has been shown to reside almost exclusively with their common g component .
How does Flynn “ shatter ” this psychometrically unitary phenomenon ?
He ignores latent traits and focuses on the measurement device .
First , he notes that raw scores on IQ tests have risen over time because people are doing dramatically better on a few of the various subtests that contribute points to the overall IQ score .
He cannot say that g has increased , because scores on some g loaded subtests have increased a lot ( e.g. , Similarities ) but others hardly at all ( e.g. , Vocabulary ) , so he merely says “ intelligence ” has increased .
Because the score increase rests on only a few subtests , he pulls them out for special attention as the source of this increase in “ intelligence . ”
This pulling apart of the measurement device as if it were pulling apart “ intelligence ” is presented as the “ shattering ” of g .
The impression is solidified by presenting sports analogies in which the athletic “ skills ” in question are “ functionally independent . ”
Flynn can now examine these shattered pieces of the IQ battery as “ interesting in their own right , ” as if they no longer measured mostly g .
He points to selected surface characteristics of their items to generate scenarios for very general cultural factors that could have increased performance on them .
These mechanisms are but metaphors , such as the donning of “ scientific spectacles ” by the population at large owing to the industrial and scientific revolutions .
By these means “ intelligence ” is not only made malleable , but made amenable to change via “ cultural priorities ” which we can presumably manipulate at will .
The problem with his explanation , however , is that IQ ( g ) remains highly heritable .
Flynn “ solves this paradox ” by postulating , in effect , that environments mimic genetic influence .
For this he turns to William Dickens ’ proposed environmental “ multipliers . ”
By this model , any one of our independent abilities will trigger environmental reinforcement of all our abilities .
That is , environmental demands for exercising our abilities come bundled together — trigger one demand and you trigger all , which boosts all abilities in tandem .
The result is to reconstitute g from the outside in .
Instead of g being internally generated , it is now apparently the product of positive manifold among opportunities and demands for cognitive development in the external environment .
The resulting g is highly heritable because of the single , genetically - influenced ability that happened to recruit a very powerful environment .
Dickens ’ is a valiant attempt to make g seem malleable by having genes themselves recruit environments to make it so .
Moral Denigration of Politically Unwelcome Research
Ceci argues that the current taboo against discussing one side of the argument on race and intelligence is not good for science .
Indeed , he describes how the taboo can produce one - party science : all professional advantages and accolades flow toward scientists who explicitly disavow the politically incorrect side , as he has .
I appreciate his candor .
I am fortunate that these are my views because they are politically correct and garner me praise , speaking and writing invitations , and book adoptions at the same time those who disagree with me are demeaned , ostracized , and in some cases threatened with tenure revocation even though their science is as reasonable as mine ….
I can tell my side far more easily than they are permitted to tell theirs .
Unlike Ceci , who believes that this double - standard is “ unfair , ” Turkheimer contends that those who disagree with their views “ deserve the vigorous disapprobation they often receive . ”
The more eminent the disagreeing scientist , presumably the more vigorous the opprobrium ought to be — a principle exemplified by the recent vilification of Nobel laureate James Watson .
Turkheimer ’s stance allows Flynn to claim the scientific high ground by turning Turkheimer ’s peremptory question to “ racial scientists ” against him : is there any evidence that you , Turkheimer , would be willing to accept as disproving your view ?
Unlike Turkheimer , Flynn would allow “ rational discussion of offensive ideas ” — it is “ okay , ” he says .
Flynn yields none of the moral high ground to Turkheimer , however , because he , too , labels the research conclusions with which they all disagree as being “ offensive . ”
Thus , Turkheimer and Flynn seem to disagree only on how immoral the politically incorrect ideas are ( “ dangerous ” or merely “ offensive ” ) and thus whether the “ offensive ” may be allowed to compete in the marketplace of ideas .
Flynn grants entry .
One supposes I should thank Flynn for his magnanimity in allowing others to rationally discuss my “ offensive ” research .
My writings certainly meet his offensiveness criterion , if only because I review evidence and draw conclusions without regard to political correctness ( e.g. , Gottfredson , 2005a ; Wainer & Robinson , in press ; see www.udel.educ/educ/gottfredson/reprintsfor other publications ) .
Perhaps he will show others who also believe I am mistaken how to dissect my evidence and argument to locate my errors and prove me wrong .
I have waited decades for someone to do so .
In view of his stance on Watson , Turkheimer seems more likely to favor “ vigorous [ opprobrium ] , ” which is much easier as well .
Moral opprobrium requires no mucking about hip - deep in data or the complications of analyzing it properly .
It is accomplished most easily by simply evoking the specter of genocide , as Turkheimer does in his first posting .
[ H] istory has shown us only too clearly what can happen when simplistic views of human ability make poorly informed contact with biology and genetics ….
I am by training a behavior geneticist , and as such I am too well - acquainted with the ugly places oversimplified thinking about human ability and genetics can lead to let the phrase “ good genes ” pass without a shiver .
Lest readers miss his allusion to genocide , he refers to researchers who study group differences in ( phenotypic ) intelligence as “ racial scientists ” and “ racialists ” and , moreover , in the context of “ 200 years of [ black ] enslavement … , followed by 100 years of Jim Crow oppression . ”
Turkheimer begins his post on race and IQ by moving the genetic question beyond the reach of empirical inquiry : “ The important questions about the role of genetics in the explanation of racial differences in ability are not empirical , but theoretical and philosophical . ”
This he does by substituting the word “ innate ” for “ genetic , ” and then criticizing the substituted term .
By this logic , we could shift his own field of study — behavior genetics — into his university ’s philosophy department .
Turkheimer continues to invoke scientific expertise , however , when it serves to amplify Watson ’s moral culpability or his own moral authority ( as in the quotation above ) .
Specifically , he chastises the great geneticist for speaking on scientific questions that are , according to Turkheimer , “ ultimately outside [ his ] real expertise . ”
I do not know whether Turkheimer would grant me expertise for my decades investigating the nature and consequences of racial disparities in intelligence , or that he would claim any special expertise of his own , but I suspect he would avoid the question altogether by reverting to his opening argument , in which he renders scientific expertise irrelevant .
Criticisms of research into intelligence differences have become more strident and ad hominen as the research base has become , in Ceci ’s words , ever more “ impressive . ”
The postings by Flynn , Turkheimer , and even Ceci are laced with aspersions on the characters of the researchers with whom they disagree and with efforts , explicit or not , to encourage moral panic in the service of suppressing unwelcome truths .
Turkheimer describes the “ possibility of genetic differences between the races for IQ ” as “ ugly , ” “ offensive , ” “ destructive , ” and “ dangerous . ”
He heightens our sense of outrage by listing slurs against various ethnic groups .
He does not , however , explain why the genetic hypothesis is “ dangerous ” — because it is false , or because it might be true ?
Again , I await rational analyses by those who encourage moral panic .
Flynn is less direct in alleging that unwelcome conclusions about racial differences do harm , yet he specifies how he thinks they could do so .
He prefaces his allegation by telling us why we are fortunate that political pressure did not dissuade Arthur Jensen from posing the part - genetic hypothesis in 1969 .
It prompted Flynn to greatness .
I would never have made any contribution to psychology .
It was arguing versus Jensen that led me to investigate IQ trends over time , led me to formulate a more sophisticated defense of affirmative action , led me to my book What is Intelligence , which ( I hope ) has done much to unfreeze our thinking about g , or the general intelligence factor .
Flynn then plays the trump card for suppressing unwelcome inquiry : “ It may be said that truth is not the only value . ”
For support , he refers to imaginings of the social harm possibly done by Jensen ’s work , seemingly because his conclusions were true .
A colleague once told me that all that has been learned in the wake of Jensen was not worth hundreds of acts of discrimination , those that may have occurred from naïve racists feeding on his views .
For additional support , Flynn cites 18th century philosopher Jean - Jacques Rousseau on the dangers of atheism : “ Is this single truth worth the danger that thousands of people of simple faith will become immoral , rather than acting responsibly ? ”
In so doing , Flynn echoes Turkheimer ’s implied fear that bad ideas about race will push average Americans down the slippery slope toward racial genocide .
By branding such ideas as socially dangerous , both Flynn and Turkheimer encourage their suppression — despite Flynn ’s ostensible admonition that we ought not do so .
All three commentators belittle as well as morally taint the unspecified scientists with whom they disagree .
Flynn consistently describes the “ g - men ” and their ideas in derogatory terms ( see especially his book ) .
They have a “ blinding obsession ” for an “ imperialistic ” g , empirical challenges to whose “ supremacy ” even the best of them “ strongly resist ” and therefore must be irrationally wedded .
One might conclude after reading Flynn ’s book that Arthur Jensen , arguably the greatest intelligence researcher of the 20th Century ( Detterman , 1998 ) , is but a buffoon .
Turkheimer also speaks of researchers who study the general intelligence factor as “ g - men ” who “ revere ” the positive correlations among ability tests and wish , thereby , to establish the “ supremacy of g . ”
Ceci likewise derogates the “ IQ mafia ” as being “ enamored with g ” and “ touting ” its ability to tie together myriad seemingly unrelated phenomena — as if surely exaggerating g’s explanatory power .
Moral slander and fear mongering stifle scientific dialog , as is their purpose .
They also preclude rational inquiry into the social costs of telling untruths about racial disparities in intelligence .
The Truth — What Possible Good ?
Lies — What Possible Harm ?
Flynn implies that the public interest would be served by withholding the truth about race and IQ .
But exactly which truth ?
It can not be the part - genetic hypothesis because he rejects it as false .
He uses Jensen ’s research post -1969 to argue his point , but that research focused almost entirely on differences in phenotypes .
So , Flynn is encouraging either the suppression of well - established facts about racial differences in phenotypic intelligence or else the common confusion between genotype and phenotype , which serves the same purpose .
The game here is not to suppress discussion of genetic differences but to suppress knowledge of phenotypic differences .
The latter make the former more plausible , so the specter of genetic causation is used as a club to beat back scientific knowledge about racial disparities in developed abilities , whatever their origins .
None of our commentators mentions the large , persisting , and socially important black - white differences in phenotypic g , except to suggest that they are rapidly disappearing ( something I ’ve heard now for over thirty years ) .
Instead , Flynn , Turkheimer , and Ceci focus almost entirely on cultivating doubt about the scientific edifice for g itself .
If g is an illusion , then there can be no racial differences in g .
If the scores on some IQ subtests rise over time , then perhaps we can declare “ intelligence ” malleable and disregard the high heritability of g .
Nature ’s constraints may not be so constraining after all , our commentators imply , so we have no lessons to learn from the many prior educational interventions and social policies that failed because they presumed ready malleability .
If there is a lesson , says Flynn , it is that we should “ impose ” such interventions on individuals more vigorously and into their adult years .
We begin to envision the state , guided by a firm hand and correct priorities , trying to reshape us to eliminate cognitive diversity for egalitarian ends .
Proponents of the taboo on discussing race and IQ assume that the taboo is all for the common good , but whose good , exactly , is served ?
It is most certainly not individuals of below - average intelligence , who face a tremendous uphill battle in modern , literate societies where life becomes increasingly complex by the day .
General intelligence ( g ) is simply a general proficiency to learn and reason .
Put another way , it is the ability to deal with complexity or avoid cognitive error .
Virtually everything in life requires some learning or reasoning and thus confers an advantage on brighter individuals .
Life is complex , and complexity operates like a headwind that impedes progress more strongly for individuals lower on the IQ continuum .
Everyone makes cognitive mistakes , but lower intelligence increases the risk of error .
Take , for example , health care .
Patients differ enormously in intelligence level , and these differences have life and death consequences for them .
Individuals of lower health literacy , or IQ , are less likely to seek preventive care even when it is free , use curative care effectively when they get it , understand and adhere to treatment regimens , or avoid health - damaging behavior .
They have worse health , more accidental injuries , higher health costs , and die sooner — regardless of income , insurance coverage , or quality of health care .
Health care matters , as do material resources and motivation , but mental resources matter too .
They are critical in the prevention and self - management of chronic illnesses such as diabetes and heart disease .
Health self - care is an increasingly complex life - long job for all of us , which becomes even more complex as we age and experience more health problems .
It overstates only slightly to say that health care providers currently pay no attention to patient differences in the ability to learn and understand .
As health literacy researchers have shown , however , a sizeable fraction of patients in urban hospital outpatient clinics are unable to understand an appointment slip ( when to come back ) , a label indicating how to take four pills a day , or , among their insulin - dependent diabetic patients , the signs of low ( or high ) sugar and what action to take to bring their blood sugar back under control .
Do proportionately more blacks have such problems ?
Yes , many more .
Is that a reason to continue ignoring or disputing individual and group differences in g ?
References
Chabris , C. F. ( 2007 ) .
Cognitive and neurobiological mechanisms of the law of general intelligence .
In M. Roberts ( Ed. ) , Integrating the mind : Domain general versus domain specific processes in higher cognition .
Hove , UK : Psychology Press .
Detterman , D.K. ( Ed. ) . ( 1998 ) .
A king among men : Arthur Jensen
[ Special issue ] .
Intelligence , 26( 3 ) .
Gottfredson , L. S. ( Ed. ) ( 1997 ) .
Intelligence and social policy [ Special issue ] .
Intelligence , 24 ( 1 ) .
Gottfredson , L.S. ( 2005a ) .
Implications of cognitive differences for schooling within diverse societies .
In C. L. Frisby & C.R. Reynolds ( Eds. ) , Comprehensive handbook of multicultural school psychology ( pp. 517–554 ) .
New York : Wiley .
Gottfredson , L. S. ( 2005 b ) .
What if the hereditarian hypothesis is true ?
Psychology , Public Policy , and Law , 11 , 311-319 .
Humphreys , L. G. ( 1986 ) .
Commentary .
Journal of Vocational Behavior , 29 ( 3 ) , 421-437 .
Jensen , A. R. ( 1998 ) .
The g factor :
The science of mental ability .
Westport , CT : Praeger .
Neisser , U. , Boodoo , G. , Bouchard , T.J. , Jr. , Boykin , A.W. , Brody , N. , Ceci , S.J. , et al. ( 1996 ) .
Intelligence : Knowns and unknowns .
American Psychologist , 51 , 77–101 .
Rowe , D. C. , Vesterdal , W. J. , & Rodgers , J. L. ( 1998 ) .
Herrnstein ’s syllogism : Genetic and shared environmental influences on IQ , education , and income .
Intelligence , 26 , 405-423 .
Snyderman , M. & Rothman , S. ( 1988 ) .
The IQ controversy , the media and public policy .
New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Books .
Wainer , H. , & Robinson , D. ( in press ) .
Interview with Linda Gottfredson .
Journal of Educational and Behavior Research .
( see also http://www.udel.edu/educ/gottfredson/reprints/2007gottfredsoninterview.pdf )
Location
Population
Relief
The Central Plateau :
The coastal plains :
The coastal plains are divided into two parts :
The Hadibo plain is divided into different areas as the following :
The Southern coastal plains :
Mountains
Valleys
Climate
Administrative regions
Historical Introduction
The Socotra archipelago
Tourist sector
Birds
The beach
This enchanting and little known island also known as Socotra is located off the coast of Yemen in the Middle East .
Isolated from the rest of the world its plants have evolved into many bizarre shapes and forms that are unknown in other parts of the world .
One of the most famous of these is the Dragon 's Blood Tree the sap of which is used to make crystals that can be used as a dye or as an alleged aphrodisiac .
The plant depicted on the right is the strange Desert Rose ( Adenium obesium ) but sometimes more popularly called the Elephants Leg Tree .
The Island is slowly becoming known to the world and has great potential for eco-tourism as long as the visitors do n't do more damage than good .
Other species include the Cucumber Tree and the Socotran Fig. Suqatra was listed as a World Heritage Site in 2008 .
The Archipelago of Socotra lies at the entrance to the Gulf of Aden between the Latitudes ( 12.18-12.24 ) north of the equator and the longitudes ( 53.19 -54.33 ) east of Greenwich .
It is about 380 km a way from Ras Fartak in the Yemeni eastern province of Maharah and about 553 miles away from Aden province .
Socotra stretches as a piece of land with an area of about 3650 square Km ; up to a length 125 kilometer and width of 33 Km in the Indian Ocean , with an archipelago of small islands like AL - Akhawain island , Darsah island , Samh island and Abdul Kori island which is the most densely populated and is always known for its affluence of Diamonds collection .
It is the second largest an archipelago after Socotra .
According to the census held in 1994 , the Socotra archipelago is inhabited by about 65,514 people .
The surface of the island varies into four kinds of relief as the follows :
It occupies most of the island area and is parted by Tatrat Valley into two main parts : the eastern and the western Plateau , overlooking gradually the coastal plains .
The coastal Plains are situated in the north and south of the island and are non-existent in the east or west of the island due to the extension of drifts to the coast .
The northern coastal plain named Hadibo plain , the southern plain which is called by the island inhabitants as Nawjad .
Ras Mdhin plain and the plains of Dirya’h valley and Taua ’an valley The Nawjad plain that divides into the plains of Difarho valley and Diezarhu valley .
Those plains extend from the south of Moma Ras area east of the island until Shoab Ras in west .
Agriculture - suitable soil covers those plains while soft sand dunes are near the coasts .
The most important of which are the mountainous 24 km range of Hajhar mountains which are located at the eastern part of the island along Arida Bay , overlooking Hadibo and extending north easterly to south westerly at a distance of 25 Km of which the highest peak is Dawkam whose altitude 1630 m above sea level .
There are also a number of other mountains , including Valege mountains east of the island whose altitude 640 m above sea level , the 978 m Qulahl mountains which lay at southwest of the island , the 699 m Kadah mountains in south and Qaten mountain whose altitude 800 m above sea level .
The plains are interspersed by many valleys .
Some of which pour at the northern part of the island and some of which pour at its southern part and the most important of which is azroo Valley which intersects the island from north to south in addition to the valleys springing out from the Hajhar Mountainous Rang which are characterized for their running water all along the year .
Those valleys are the valleys of Danjhn , Hasharah , Danayah , Draba’ah and Toa’aq .
The island is prevailed generally with a sea relatively hot weather of which the average daily temperature in Hajhar Mountains ranges between 26 - 28 Celsius while in June and July the temperature reaches its extreme and falls during January and February .
The island is subjected to sharp southern westerly winds during the summer months ( June , July , August ) with an average speed between 13 - 18 Km /h , whose speed decreases gradually during September till end at the beginning of October .
In June , July and August , the speed of south - western winds hits 40 - 50 knots , accompanied by severe sea turmoil .
The average humidity ratio ranges between 55 % as the maximum in August and 70 % as the minimum in January .
Average annual rainfall of the island is 150 - 170 mm but this quantity fluctuates to a great extent from one year to another .
The island is divided administratively into two regions as the following : Hadibo : it is the capital of the island and located in the north - east of the island , and it has the largest urban center .
The inhabitants of the city raise goats and cattle .
It is also surrounded by thick forests of palm trees along the valleys , where water flow endlessly .
The city provides the minimum basics of health services .
Qalanseya and Abdul Koree region : it is situated in the western part of the island , and equips many residential - populated quarters .
Its main city is Qalanseya located at the western coastal strip of the island .
it is the second urban habitation after Hadibo .
Its houses consisted of one floor only , colored predominantly in white , which gives the city a beautiful character .
In 1967 , the island it was administratively related to Aden province , but later it became a part of Hadramout province under the Republican decree No. ( 23 ) for 1999 .
The name of the Socotra island originated from one old forgotten language - dialect spoken at one time by the pre-historic passers to the island .
This ancient term of a name given for the island was " Eipheba Sakhotora " which used to mean " The island of Happiness .
The fame and historic important of Socotra dates back to the beginning of holy commodities trade prosperity and the activity of the old trade route which is much better known as Frankincense , Myrrh and Laudanum route for the island was one of the main producers of such essential commodities in addition to its being the back reserve for the support of Yemeni ancient Hadramawt Civilization along the first millenium BC when the kingdom of Hadramawt was named ( kingdom of Frankincense , Myrrh and Laudanum ) .
Based on its important role in the production of the sacred goods and valuables from various spices and pearl , it has had a presence in books of ancient voyagers .
In the geographic exploration ear , it was coveted by invaders , where the Portuguese colonized it ( 1507 - 1557 ) .
They stayed till the end of the fifteenth century .
Then , the British colonized the island , considering it an important strategic point so that they occupy Aden Aden on January 1839 .
On 30th November 1967 the island became part of what was known as South Yemen .
But now after the reunification on 22nd May 1990 , It is a part of Republic of Yemen .
The archipelago consists of the main island of SUQATRA , ABDU ALKURI , SAMHAH , ARSAH , SIYAL ABDU ALKURI and SIYAL SUQATRA .
Abdul Kori island is the most densely populated and is always known for its affluence of Diamonds collection .
It is the second largest an archipelago after Socotra .
It is away 200 miles from northwest of the island of Socotra .
There is a small berth at the southern shore of the island of ABDU ALKURI .
The archipelago also includes a number of rock outcrops like SIRAH , ADLAH , SAYHAR , JALIS , RADAD , KARSHAH and DHA’IN DHATIL .
This important marine location can make it a distinctive center for tourism and investment attraction , due to the island ’s supporting elements of attractive features that were created through the nature existing there .
These are represented by its green forests that cover extensive areas of land suitable to be transformed to several Tourism scenes .
Besides , certain tourist activities such as fish canning and diving places can be implemented in such a rare and naturally protected area .
Socotra is considered a natural jewel of rare biodiversity .
The long geological isolation of the Socotra archipelago and its fierce heat and drought have combined to create a unique and spectacular endemic flora .
The archipelago is a site of global importance for biodiversity conservation and a possible center for ecotourism .
Yemen is greatly interesting Socotra to take advantage of its diversified stocks and diverse natural and economic characteristics .
The tourist attractions describe generally the island as a museum of natural history , including a rare biodiversity receives an attention by the UNESCO and several international bodies which make further efforts to preserve the island ’s environment .
Socotra , the colony settlement for rare natural birds and plants and enjoy an important strategic location , is now prepared to become the pearl of the Arabian Sea and relatively shining diamond .
It is a new era .
The UNESCO and international bodies ’ interests of Socotra included firstly etting up a number of development programs devoted to preserve the island ’s rare biodiversity , including the nomination of Socotra as a natural reserve in order to serve humanity .
Setting up a project of the protection of biodiversity in the island and the archipelago , the government issued in April 1996 the decree No. ( 96 ) to avoid causing any deterioration in the natural environment of the island with the increased pace of economic and population growth on the island during the current and future periods .
It is to implement projects of protecting environmentally sensitive species and sites to ensure the sustainability of development in the naturally protected areas .
Socotra island can be regarded a kingdom of medical shrubs and plants .
Some of theme are rare , the others unique .
It occupies the tenth rank amongst the richest island in the world in respect of unique plantation kind and the rare ones .
It boasts having 750 kinds of plants of which 600 kinds are rare and 150 kind are uniquely owned by the island where noequivalents are available all over the world , the most important of which is two Brothers Blood tree .
the seven different Ladanum tree .
This concentration of the kinds of Ladanum is not available anywhere except on this island , in addition to other natural plants which are commonly used on the island on which the Socotra depended as a sort of cure for the different diseases .
The island also abounds with many species of birds which form with the plantation environment and Marine environment one of the Tourism parameters .
It is considered one of the most important locations in the Middle east in which birds live due to the spread of natural woodland 105 kinds of birds of which thirty kinds procreate on the island , 4 kinds indigenous , 14 kinds are subject to extinction worldwide ... they are The Socotran Starling , Socotran Alhazijah , and the Socotran Learner .
A Yemeni association for protecting birds seeks to expedite the conduct of studies and surveys of the island to map of the distribution of birds and breeding places for protecting them .
There are a number of beautiful beaches on the island , the most important of which is Nawjed beach .
and also many species of marine animals and fish , especially shrimps .
The shores of the island reach 300 miles and have unique characteristics in terms of pure white sand dunes and palm trees .
They are good locations for recreation and diving , particularly after providing tourist infrastructure services in the island .
The beaches of Socotra contain many rare diverse water creations like green turtles in addition to coral reefs and pearl , which the island of Socotra famous since ancient historical times .
Contracts For Designers Who Hate Contracts - crowdspring Blog
Every designer creates original work that is protected by copyright .
Take the time to understand and protect your rights .
Contracts For Designers
Who Hate Contracts is a quick , 20 page read .
Do you have any questions or suggestions for other topics you ’d like to read about ?
Leave a comment …
( CNN ) --
The private forensic pathologist who conducted an autopsy on Drew Peterson 's third wife affirmed the official findings that ruled the death a homicide , a copy of the autopsy report shows .
Drew Peterson , a former police sergeant from Bolingbrook , Illinois , is charged with killing his ex-wife .
The report , obtained by CNN legal analyst Lisa Bloom , was written by noted pathologist Dr. Michael Baden .
He conducted a third autopsy on the body of Kathleen Savio at the request of Savio 's family in November 2007 .
Peterson , a former Bolingbrook , Illinois , police sergeant , pleaded not guilty May 22 to a charge of first - degree murder in Savio 's 2004 death .
The initial autopsy report concluded that she died as the result of an accidental drowning .
Savio was found in the bathtub in her home with a bloody gash on the back of her head ; at the time she and Peterson were going through a bitter divorce .
Watch HLN 's Jane Velez Mitchell on the case »
But investigators took another look at the case after Peterson was named as a suspect in the October 28 , 2007 , disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson .
Savio's body was exhumed on November 13 , 2007 , and state pathologist Dr. Larry Blum performed a second autopsy .
Three days later , Baden conducted another autopsy on behalf of Savio 's family .
Baden 's report cited Blum 's findings of a 1 - inch blunt - force laceration on the back of her head , five scraping abrasions and six blunt - force black - and - blue bruises on her extremities , abdomen and buttock .
Baden also noted that even though the body was partially decomposed , " bruises and contusions caused by blunt force injuries shortly before death " were still visible on the right breast , the upper right thigh and the abdomen .
The severity of those injuries , Baden said in his report , indicated a struggle .
See a timeline of the case »
" It is my opinion , to a reasonable degree of medical certainty , that the drowning of Ms. Savio ... should be properly classified as a homicide , " the pathologist concluded .
The Will County , Illinois , prosecutor announced in February 2008 that the findings of the second autopsy , conducted by Blum , provided the basis to classify the case as a homicide .
Peterson has denied any wrongdoing in the disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy , who was 23 when she was last seen .
The former police sergeant remains in jail , awaiting trial on the first - degree murder charge in Savio 's death .
All About Drew Peterson • Kathleen Savio • Stacy Peterson
A Latvian billionaire implemented a fantastic project nearby Cēsis town in Latvia .
If you ’ve believed there is no Sun City , only Sin City , now you can see that you ’ve been totally wrong .
There people live according to special rules and have a routine different from those of common human beings .
The three - storey houses are constructed of green materials and are located on various height so that the dwellers do n’t see other houses from the windows of their own .
If you want to live in a hobbit hut , you know now where to head .
Photo credits – 1
Advertisements
At a town hall meeting in Lebanon , PA today , Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - PA ) was booed for having the nerve to claim that President Barack Obama is an American citizen , thus providing more evidence of who is really yelling the loudest at these town halls .
It is n’t average Americans , but right wing activist doing the loudest screaming .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
After Specter was asked if he will go back to Washington and represent us first as an American and tell President Obama he is an American , and if not there ’s other countries .
He answered , “ Well , I think President Obama knows he is an American , and when you ask me to make a commitment to represent American first I will say absolutely yes . ”
Notice the jeers that came when Specter said that Obama is an American .
Specter has been a target or right wing protesters at his town hall meeting , and I wonder why they are targeting him ?
Specter is going to definitely vote for the final healthcare bill .
In fact , his stance on healthcare was one of the major divides between himself and the GOP .
These staged protests are not going to derail healthcare reform .
The birthers and the tea baggers can pack all of the town halls that they want .
I think the underlying strategy here is not only to disrupt healthcare reform , but to use the issue to motivate the GOP base for the 2010 midterm elections .
The right winger plan is to take up time in these town halls to get their message out by asking follow up questions , and generally being disruptive .
Follow up questions are n’t the norm at these events , but it is up to the person holding the meeting whether they will allow them .
The protesters try to spread fear and misinformation that will further confuse those who undecided about reform .
Some people do this out of political motives , while others are being ignorantly guided by fear .
President Barack Obama ’s brief mention of the continuing U.S. occupation of Iraq in his now - celebrated Cairo address – 293 words out of the 6,000 - word delivery – was smartly designed to make the current circumstances there very plain : it was George Bush ’s war , it ’s over , we leave Iraq to the Iraqis .
Obama got hearty applause when he said that and when he said that " we will honor our agreement with Iraq ’s democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all of our troops from Iraq by 2012 . "
Unfortunately , the reality is more amorphous , if not deliberately confusing , like much of Obama ’s foreign policy and war strategy these days .
Anyone who has been tracking the supposed plan for U.S. withdrawal of Iraq , as agreed to by the outgoing Bush administration and the Iraqi government in the status of forces agreement ( SOFA ) , has been led in recent months down one desert rabbit hole to another .
The national media seems incurious about where it all goes .
Alice , too , wondered whether it was worth it " to ask " during her own plunge down the earthen tunnel : " No , it ’ll never do to ask ; perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere . "
Just last week , within a 48 - hour news period , readers were treated to two diametrically opposed headlines , one touting " U.S. Forces Out of Iraqi Cities by June 30 , " the other , the very next day , " U.S. Wants Sadr City Base Open After Deadline . "
Both quote U.S. military brass directly , albeit two different generals , but the whipsawing here suggests someone up top is taking it for granted that Americans – particularly that flighty media – are n’t paying much attention to Iraq at all .
So , through the din , lazy heads fix upon the first , less controversial of the two contradictory headlines , which affirms what the president wants to the world to hear : that the U.S. is getting out of Iraqi cities by the end of the month .
Except it is n’t entirely true .
For those following bread crumbs like an abandoned Hansel or Gretel , it is difficult not to see that .
It all began with the meager morsels cast about by Gen. Raymond Odierno , who leads the U.S. forces in Iraq , in early spring .
In a spate of press interviews in one week , he essentially suggested that the Americans had yet to decide whether to stay in some of the remaining urban hotbeds like Mosul and Baquba beyond the deadline .
“ We ’ve learned a lesson here over the last several years – that you have to clear an area , you have to have the force to hold it , and you have to allow the community then to rebuild itself . …
If you rush your way through that , then the community will fall back into an insecure state , ” said Odierno in an interview with the Christian Science Monitor published April 2 .
“ I still have flexibility inside of that timeline to make decisions on forces and where we use them , and I think that ’s incredibly valuable as we move towards Iraqi sovereignty , ” added Odierno .
Within 11 days of that report , Odierno was before cameras on CNN – apparently reined in and ready to clear things up – saying , " We continue to work with the government of Iraq so they can meet that timeline so that they are able to maintain stability after we leave , " he said .
" I still believe we ’re on track with that . "
In addition , Odierno played down earlier reports that he believed some 30,000 to 35,000 combat troops may remain in Iraq beyond the 2011 deadline , which mandates the withdrawal of all U.S. troops from the country .
On a scale of 1 to 10 , he said , " I believe it ’s a 10 that we will be gone by 2011 . "
From there , the headlines dutifully switched to , " Odierno Says U.S. Troops in Iraq ’s Cities Up to Iraq " and " Odierno Certain That All U.S. Troops Will Be Out Of Iraq by 2011 . "
But then came some real details – the sticky , pesky stuff that tends to slip unacknowledged through the membrane of the fickle 24 - hour news cycle .
Citing military officials , the New York Times reported on April 27 that " the United States and Iraq will begin negotiating possible exceptions to the June 30 deadline for withdrawing American combat troops from Iraqi cities , focusing on the troubled city of Mosul . "
Everywhere else , the report continued , the U.S. withdrawal from Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 is " on schedule to finish " and that 100 combat outposts , patrol bases , and joint security stations will have been turned over to the Iraqis by that time .
But there is a catch .
U.S. and Iraqi officials have agreed , the paper said , that Camp Victory , a sprawling five - base installation that houses 20,000 soldiers – many of them combat troops – 15 minutes outside Baghdad , would not be affected by the June deadline because technically , it is " outside the city . "
The same goes for Forward Operating Base Falcon , which typically houses 5,000 troops within Baghdad ’s southern city limits .
It , too , will reportedly remain without needing a waiver from the Iraqi government .
On May 4 , the Associated Press quoted Iraqi government officials saying the June 30 deadline is " non-extendable " and they will not request that U.S. combat forces stay in any city – including troubled Mosul , where insurgent attacks have increased in recent months .
Odierno weighed in four days later with reporters at the Pentagon , reiterating that Mosul is indeed a trouble spot and the U.S. is still holding open the option to request an extension , despite the Iraqis ’ seeming resolve on the issue .
He said U.S. and Iraqi forces were in the middle of a 75 - day counteroffensive " to clear the militants " out of Mosul .
" We expect that to end here within about 30 to 45 days .
And then there will be a decision to be made , ” Odierno said .
" I think we ’re on track , " he added .
" We should be in pretty good shape by the end of June . "
In the meantime , on May 27 , Army Chief of Staff Gen. George Casey told assembled Washington think - tankers and journalists that the U.S. could have combat troops in Iraq for the next decade – well beyond the SOFA agreement – and that the Army was planning for a " reality scenario " in which it has 10 combat brigades deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan for at least 10 years .
Confused yet ?
Three days later , the AP reported that U.S. and Iraqi officials " have tentatively agreed to keep a joint base on the edge of Baghdad ’s Shi’ite slum of Sadr City , maintaining an American presence in a strategic area even after the June 30 deadline for U.S. combat troops to pull out of the capital . "
Increased violence and sectarian tensions were cited .
About the same time , it was reported that the military was expanding bases in rural Iraq and even building new ones to accommodate " thousands " of combat troops who are being moved out of the cities but are n’t yet slated to go home .
Also , besides Camp Victory outside Baghdad , " large Marine bases in western Anbar province on the outskirts of Ramadi and Taqqadum , outside of Fallujah , will also remain , " beyond the June deadline .
As for Mosul , " U.S. troops will operate primarily from the Army ’s Merez base on the outskirts of the city . "
Troops will avoid the deadline in Basra , too , by operating out of a space near the airport , just outside city limits , according to the AP .
This could all fall apart rather quickly as a planned national referendum , which would give the Iraqi people an up or down vote on the SOFA agreement , is on track to take place this summer .
The U.S. is lobbying against the July 30 date , hoping to push it back , according to a New York Times report on Wednesday .
If SOFA fails to pass , there could be a demand for the withdrawal of U.S troops ahead of the 2011 date .
A Friendship That Knows No Deadlines
Falling even further below the radar is the special relationship between the U.S. special forces and their Iraqi counterparts , or better yet , offspring , as described in chilling detail by Shane Bauer for The Nation on June 3 .
The Iraqi Special Operations Forces ( ISOF ) " is probably the largest special forces outfit ever built by the United States , and it is free of many of the controls that most governments employ to rein in such lethal forces , " writes Bauer .
Thanks to U.S. pressure , according to Bauer , the ISOF is residing under a newly created " Counter - Terrorism Bureau " under the direct control of the prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki , " independent of the military and police , " the defense and interior ministries , and even the parliament .
Charges of abuse and torture – particularly against Sunnis – abound , while the ISOF is increasingly seen as Maliki ’s private militia , and many fear he will use it to go after political enemies , not unlike Saddam Hussein ’s elite death squad pre-2003 .
Unlike that group of trained killers , the ISOF is an American creation , and according Bauer , it is still " closely involved " with U.S. Special Forces " at every level , " including planning and carrying out missions .
One member of parliament critical of the ISOF called it " a replacement " for the Americans .
Bauer interviewed Gen. Simeon Trombitas , the head of the American ISOF effort in Iraq .
He gives credence to what officials – including Obama – have hinted at from the beginning : that while U.S. combat troops leave Iraq , American special forces are expected to carry on there in some capacity , official and otherwise .
" We are going to have a working relationship for a while , " Trombitas said carefully .
A Long War , Ignored
Today , there are still over 134,000 U.S. servicemen and women in Iraq .
There have been reports that some 16,000 are expected to return home by September .
Beyond that , the numbers and movements are sketchy .
For those who still care , there are bread crumbs of information and confusing plot twists – enough to get tangled in on the way to figuring out what ’s really going on .
One thing is clear : despite Obama ’s assurances in Cairo to the contrary , there will be U.S. combat troops all over the capital city of Baghdad , on the outskirts , and based just outside if not within the cities of Ramadi , Basra , Mosul , and others , after June 30 .
As Maj. Gen. David Perkins said in April , " We do n’t want to rush failure here .
This is n’t just , we ’re going home .
We ’re just moving " ( to other areas of Iraq ) .
But after six years of national attention on Iraq , Obama gives us his tacit permission to focus elsewhere .
The fate of the Long War depends on it .
The public must be actively supportive ( which it is not ) or at least disengaged for a longer occupation – if that is indeed what is in the cards – to work .
Considering that less than 1 percent of the population has served or is serving in the wars overseas , the disengagement part wo n’t be difficult .
People just need to be assured it ’s okay to stop paying attention .
Just do n’t be surprised when we finally land from that drop down the rabbit hole 10 years from now – thump , thump , thump – and find the U.S. still fighting in Iraq .
Complexité et beauté du sentiment amoureux ; désirs masculin et féminin ...
Les jouets intimes
Il n'y a plus de doute , loin d'un simple phénomène de mode , les femmes et les couples changent leur regard sur les sextoys et les introduisent peu à peu dans leurs jeux amoureux .
Et vous ?
Battlestar Galactica : The Plan Announced for Blu-ray Posted July 17 , 2009 09:55 AM by Josh Dreuth
Universal Studios Home Entertainment has announced that they will bring ' Battlestar Galactica : The Plan ' to Blu-ray on October 27th , day - and - date with the DVD release .
For the first time ever , fans will be able to see the battle through the eyes of the Cylons , in an unrated and uncensored form .
For this release , video will be presented in 1080 p VC - 1 accompanied by a 5.1 DTS - HD Master Audio soundtrack .
Extras for this release include :
MY SCENES : Bookmark your favorite scenes from the movie .
( BD Exclusive )
BATTLESTAR GALACTICA TRIVIA : All - new trivia game .
( BD Exclusive )
DELETED SCENES
FROM ADMIRAL TO DIRECTOR : EDWARD JAMES OLMOS AND THE PLAN - A day - in - the - life with director and actor Edward James Olmos , as he tackles the most ambitious Battlestar Galactica production to date .
THE CYLONS OF THE PLAN - Features interviews with the actors who play the film 's key Cylons , including Dean Stockwell , Tricia Helfer , Grace Park , Michael Trucco , Rick Worthy and Michael Bennett .
THE CYLON ATTACK -
This featurette takes viewers behind the scenes for the planning and execution of one of Battlestar Galactica : The Plan 's major action sequences .
BEHIND THE PLAN -
An in - depth look at some stunning visual effects and the role post - production plays in bringing the world of Battlestar Galactica to life .
FILMMAKER COMMENTARY
Source : Blu-ray.com | Permalink | [ Country settings ]
Sort by popularity Sort by date
Top contributor
Top contributor obriensg1 Jul 17 , 2009
Don't have very high hopes for this but if its Galactica I 'm watching .
I 'll Netflix this
bondfooll Jul 17 , 2009 Damn .
I had hoped " Face of the Enemy " would be included on this .
jk1138 Jul 17 , 2009
It 's BSG I will be getting it !
GregBlu5 Jul 17 , 2009
So this is a separate Blu-ray , not included in the entire BSG set or Season 4.5 ?
SleeperAgent Jul 17 , 2009
I just hope the Complete series box set has some room to fit this in .
Obviously it 's not included since it does n't release for a good 3 more months .
I just do n't want it sitting next to the box , I want it to fit in the box .
bondfooll Jul 17 , 2009
TheSoviet , you could always take the Cylon figurine in the top of the set , put it somewhere else , and stick " The Plan " in the hole .
According to Bill Hunt 's review , there 's some usable space up there , but I do n't know how big it is .
It 's at least big enough for a few jewel cases .
vicmackey 187 Jul 17 , 2009
Surely there 's enough room for FACE OF THE ENEMY , even in SD ....
Add comment
Please login to post a comment .
North Korea declared it would turn its plutonium stocks into weapons material and threatened military action against the US and its allies after the UN security council imposed new sanctions to punish Pyongyang for last month 's underground nuclear test .
The country 's foreign ministry today acknowledged for the first time that North Korea was developing a uranium enrichment programme and said it would be " impossible " to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
In a defiant statement , it said that " the whole amount of the newly extracted plutonium [ in the country ] will be weaponised " and that " more than one - third of the spent fuel rods has been reprocessed to date " .
The ministry said the country had successfully started a programme to enrich uranium for a light - water reactor .
The warning came a few hours after the security council unanimously passed a resolution banning all weapons exports from North Korea and the import of all but small arms .
North Korea described the sanctions as " yet another vile product of the US - led offensive of international pressure aimed at undermining ... disarming DPRK and suffocating its economy " .
Unusually the resolution was unanimous , reflecting the extent of anger within the Chinese government over last month 's nuclear test .
Normally it is difficult for the US , Britain and France to persuade China , and to a lesser extent Russia , to take a tough line against North Korea .
The US ambassador to the UN , Susan Rice , described the resolution as " unprecedented " and said the sanctions regime had " teeth that will bite " .
China strongly urged Pyongyang to promote denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula .
China 's envoy , Zhang Yesui , said it showed the " firm opposition " of the international community to North Korea 's nuclear weapons ambitions .
The regime is believed to have enough plutonium for at least six nuclear bombs .
It has around 8,000 spent fuel rods that if reprocessed could allow the country to harvest 6 - 8 kg of plutonium – enough for at least one nuclear bomb , according to analysts .
The UN resolution authorises all countries to stop and search North Korean ships for weapons .
The US , Britain and France wanted to make such inspections mandatory for all states , but China and Russia watered this down .
The final resolution " calls on " states to carry out weapons searches .
Even so , the resolution risks standoffs between US and North Korean ships – a danger underlined by North Korea 's response .
" An attempted blockade of any kind by the US and its followers will be regarded as an act of war and met with a decisive military response , " the regime said .
There was no attempt to expand the sanctions to exports and imports of non-military goods .
This is partly because China and Russia would have been opposed , but also because of fears a collapse of the North Korean economy would result in a flood of refugees into South Korea .
Three years ago , under threat of sanctions , North Korea entered into international negotiations with the Bush administration aimed at ending its programme .
But the process collapsed .
The Obama administration 's main aim is to get North Korea back to the negotiating table .
The sanctions could complicate attempts to free two US journalists sentenced on Monday to 12 years ' hard labour for filming at the border between China and North Korea .
Pleas have been made for their release on humanitarian grounds but Pyongyang may use them as a bargaining chip .
SEVASTOPOL , Ukraine 
A year after its war with Georgia , Russia is engaging in an increasingly hostile standoff with another pro-Western neighbor , Ukraine .
Relations between the two countries are more troubled than at any time since the Soviet collapse , as both sides resort to provocations and recriminations .
And it is here on the Crimean Peninsula , home to a Russian naval base , where the tensions are perhaps most in danger of bursting into open conflict .
Late last month , the Ukrainian police briefly detained Russian military personnel who were driving truckloads of missiles through this port city , as if they were smugglers who had come ashore with a haul of contraband .
Local officials , it seemed , were seeking to make clear that this was no longer friendly terrain .
Ukraine has in recent years been at the forefront of the effort by some former Soviet republics to switch their alliances to the West , and it appears that the Kremlin has , in some sense , had enough .
Choosing the right browser that is compatible with the OS lets you experience uninterrupted web browsing .
The browser you want should be consistent , provide high security , and be extremely secure .
The protection of the browser is yet another concerning factor while you choose any browser .
Additionally , the browser you choose should be easy to …
The main support for the project is carried out Instant Payday Loans that allows you to take real money with 1500 Loans Inc. or estate loans Telephone and Internet services provided by dishNET Wireline L.L.C. d/b/a Liberty - Bell Telecom , an affiliate of DISH Network L.L.C .
Opinion
Still wrong on wiretapping ON OBAMA , CIVIL LIBERTIES AND NATIONAL SECURITY
One of former President George W. Bush 's most disastrous legacies - his warrantless wiretaps - has picked up a curious ally in President Obama .
What the new White House wants is pretty much what the old team had : secrecy cloaking an end run around civil liberties .
Obama may wish to move forward and not look back in many ways , an attitude he 's adopted in brushing off a full - fledged inquiry into the excesses of the Bush anti-terror policies .
But this stance is looking more than ever like willful ignorance of history in the name of political calm .
When it comes to wiretapping , Obama 's position is mind - boggling .
In this instance , Department of Justice lawyers are battling to bottle up a surveillance program that has San Francisco roots .
One of the prime perches for spying on Americans making overseas calls was a so - called " secret room " in an AT&T office on Folsom Street .
With no oversight from the courts or Congress , the telecom giant , along with others , siphoned phone calls and information to federal intelligence agencies after Sept. 11 , 2001 .
In the current case , several dozen phone customers are before a federal judge here asking that the government turn over data on eavesdropping .
A prior suit against the phone companies for going along with the illegal surveillance was dismissed after Congress re-wrote domestic spying rules last year and indemnified the firms .
Obama , then a senator , voted for changes in a surprising shift from his campaign - trail rhetoric that heavily criticized the abuses of civil liberties in the war on terrorism .
The Obama team is making the same arguments made by the Bush administration in denying it needs to explain anything .
Allowing an open - court case will lay bare state secrets , your honor , and the country will lose a " crown jewel " piece of intelligence gathering , according to one Justice Department attorney .
The spying may have been improper , but , sorry , we can't really talk about it .
No one would deny there 's an enormous difference between the Obama and Bush policies on fighting terrorism .
The choice between the two is n't even close as evidenced by Obama 's pledge to stop waterboarding and close the Guantanamo Bay brig .
So why give illegal wiretapping a pass , Mr. President ?
For months the surveillance debate has gone on before Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , who is clearly weary with the Washington bob -and - weave .
He 's even mentioned a withering government report released this month by five watchdog agencies that said the effectiveness of the illegal wiretaps was unclear .
The decision in his lap is n't an easy one .
He can side with Obama lawyers and dismiss the case in the name of national security , a path that courts often take when confronted with a flag - waving invocation of homeland defense .
Or he can open up a dark chapter in the nation 's history to the plain light of legal examination .
Such a decision would definitely roil the waters while the truth surfaces .
But since the president wo n't do it , it 's time the courts stepped in .
Each year WWE , and THQ team up to put out a new Smackdown Vs. Raw , and this year is no different .
WWE Smackdown Vs. Raw 2010 has now been revealed , and we have the first trailer .
Check out the trailer after the jump .
Options on the left - side panel let you limit the image results in various ways : by size , by graphic type , even “ just faces ” or “ head & shoulders ” shots .
Amazing .
As on Google , you can search for videos .
But on Bing , you can preview the results far more efficiently .
Just point to a thumbnail ( without clicking ) in the search results , and the video begins to play back sample segments , seven seconds at a time , right there on the thumbnail .
The rest of Bing ’s advantages are supposed to stem from four huge search categories : travel , shopping , health and local business information .
These sorts of searches produce special displays that trounce Google ’s eye - glazing text lists  sometimes .
When you ’re shopping for a particular product  “ Canon SD870 , ” for example  the top result is a tidy chart , summarizing everything you ’d want to know : a photo , price , average rating , and even a Photo Quality graph .
( Bing ’s Shopping results also make it clear when you ’ll get 1 to 5 percent cash back , courtesy of Microsoft ’s Cashback program .
In essence , Microsoft passes on to you some of the bounty that it receives from 540 online advertisers , such as J&R , Hewlett - Packard , Gap and others .
Paying you to use
Bing for shopping feels desperate and even a little sleazy on Microsoft ’s part , but it ’s real money , and you may as well exploit it while it lasts . )
When you search for a flight , a similar table offers the cheapest fare ( “ $ 259 JFK > LAX ” ) and links to other deals .
An icon tells you whether prices are about to go up , down or stay the same .
That detail is brought to you by Farecast.com , which Microsoft bought last year for $ 115 million .
Unfortunately , these features do n’t always work .
You get the shopping info summary with “ Canon SD870 , ” but not “ Nikon D5000 , ” let alone “ Palm Pre , ” “ TiVo HD ” or “ iPod Nano . ”
( Microsoft points out that the summary table appears more often if you click the Shopping link before you search .
But come on , who has time for that ? )
The US government is n't just opening its data , it 's now creating mashups .
The Department of State is tracking Secratary Hillary Clinton 's world travel using the Google Maps API .
Clinton 's current location and the path of the trip is marked with the department 's seal , while previous stops are surrounded by a grey box .
Click a marker and you 'll get individual stops on a trip .
Each stop contains a summary , remarks from the Secretary and photos of the stop from the department 's Flickr account .
Anyone really think Hillary Clinton is sticking her fingers into APIs ?
It appears unlikely even that her staff created the maps .
The feature is hosted in an iframe by a Virginia software development firm .
Hat tip : mibazaar
LAGOS , Nigeria ( CNN ) --
Some 700 people have been killed in clashes with Islamic militants in Nigeria , a military commander told CNN .
Bodies of hard - line Islamic rebels killed in battle lie in a Nigerian city .
Civilians and troops also have died .
The fighting in the northeast Nigerian town of Maiduguri began with attacks by the Muslim militants on police and government targets , starting a week ago .
Col .
Ben Ahonotu , commander of the operation to combat Islamic militants , gave the new total .
Previous reports said at least 400 rebels , troops and civilians had died in the region , including Borno , Yobe , Kano and Katsina states .
Maiduguri is in Borno state .
Ahonotu did not elaborate or provide further information , and it was unclear whether the 700 was in addition to the previous death toll .
Attacks on police and government targets have been reported throughout the region .
Boko Haram , an Islamist sect , wants the government to impose Islamic law , known as sharia , in the entire Muslim - dominated northern half of Nigeria .
Sharia is already practiced in some northern states , but the sect wants even tougher religious laws and also opposes Western education .
The southern half of Nigeria is predominantly Christian .
A Boko Haram leader , Mohammed Yusuf , was reported captured Thursday by the military , but was found dead after he was turned over to police .
Human rights groups are seeking more information on his death , and have also expressed concern about civilian casualties .
Experimental devices that read brain signals have helped paralyzed people use computers and may let amputees control bionic limbs .
But existing devices use tiny electrodes that poke into the brain .
Now , a University of Utah study shows that brain signals controlling arm movements can be detected accurately using new microelectrodes that sit on the brain but do n't penetrate it .
" The unique thing about this technology is that it provides lots of information out of the brain without having to put the electrodes into the brain , " says Bradley Greger , an assistant professor of bioengineering and coauthor of the study .
" That lets neurosurgeons put this device under the skull but over brain areas where it would be risky to place penetrating electrodes : areas that control speech , memory and other cognitive functions . "
For example , the new array of microelectrodes someday might be placed over the brain 's speech center in patients who cannot communicate because they are paralyzed by spinal injury , stroke , Lou Gehrig 's disease or other disorders , he adds .
The electrodes would send speech signals to a computer that would covert the thoughts to audible words .
For people who have lost a limb or are paralyzed , " this device should allow a high level of control over a prosthetic limb or computer interface , " Greger says .
" It will enable amputees or people with severe paralysis to interact with their environment using a prosthetic arm or a computer interface that decodes signals from the brain . "
The study is scheduled for online publication July 1 in the journal Neurosurgical Focus .
The findings represent " a modest step " toward use of the new microelectrodes in systems that convert the thoughts of amputees and paralyzed people into signals that control lifelike prosthetic limbs , computers or other devices to assist people with disabilities , says University of Utah neurosurgeon Paul A .
House , the study 's lead author .
advertisement
" The most optimistic case would be a few years before you would have a dedicated system , " he says , noting more work is needed to refine computer software that interprets brain signals so they can be converted into actions , like moving an arm .
An Advance over the Penetrating Utah Electrode Array
Such technology already has been developed in experimental form using small arrays of penetrating electrodes that stick into the brain .
The University of Utah pioneered development of the 100 - electrode Utah Electrode Array used to read signals from the brain cells of paralyzed people .
In experiments in Massachusetts , researchers used the small , brain - penetrating electrode array to help paralyzed people move a computer cursor , operate a robotic arm and communicate .
Meanwhile , researchers at the University of Utah and elsewhere are working on a $ 55 million Pentagon project to develop a lifelike bionic arm that war veterans and other amputees would control with their thoughts , just like a real arm .
Scientists are debating whether the prosthetic devices should be controlled from nerve signals collected by electrodes in or on the brain , or by electrodes planted in the residual limb .
The new study was funded partly by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency 's bionic arm project , and by the National Science Foundation and Blackrock Microsystems , which provided the system to record brain waves .
advertisement
House and Greger conducted the research with Spencer Kellis , a doctoral student in electrical and computer engineering ; Kyle Thomson , a doctoral student in bioengineering ; and Richard Brown , professor of electrical and computer engineering and dean of the university 's College of Engineering .
Microelectrodes on the Brain May Last Longer than Those Poking Inside
Not only are the existing , penetrating electrode arrays undesirable for use over critical brain areas that control speech and memory , but the electrodes likely wear out faster if they are penetrating brain tissue rather than sitting atop it , Greger and House say .
Nonpenetrating electrodes may allow a longer life for devices that will help disabled people use their own thoughts to control computers , robotic limbs or other machines .
" If you 're going to have your skull opened up , would you like something put in that is going to last three years or 10 years ? "
Greger asks .
" No one has proven that this technology will last longer , " House says .
" But we are very optimistic that by being less invasive , it certainly should last longer and provide a more durable interface with the brain . "
The new kind of array is called a microECoG – because it involves tiny or " micro " versions of the much larger electrodes used for electrocorticography , or ECoG , developed a half century ago .
For patients with severe epileptic seizures that are not controlled by medication , surgeons remove part of the skull or cranium and place a silicone mat containing ECoG electrodes over the brain for days to weeks while the cranium is held in place but not reattached .
The large electrodes – each several millimeters in diameter – do not penetrate the brain but detect abnormal electrical activity and allow surgeons to locate and remove a small portion of the brain causing the seizures .
ECoG and microECoG represent an intermediate step between electrodes the poke into the brain and EEG ( electroencephalography ) , in which electrodes are placed on the scalp .
Because of distortion as brain signals pass through the skull and as patients move , EEG is n't considered adequate for helping disabled people control devices .
The regular - size ECoG electrodes are too large to detect many of the discrete nerve impulses controlling the arms or other body movements .
So the researchers designed and tested microECoGs in two severe epilepsy patients who already were undergoing craniotomies .
The epilepsy patients were having conventional ECoG electrodes placed on their brains anyway , so they allowed House to place the microECoG electrode arrays at the same time because " they were brave enough and kind enough to help us develop the technology for people who are paralyzed or have amputations , " Greger says .
The researchers tested how well the microelectrodes could detect nerve signals from the brain that control arm movements .
The two epilepsy patients sat up in their hospital beds and used one arm to move a wireless computer " mouse " over a high - quality electronic draftsman 's tablet in front of them .
The patients were told to reach their arm to one of two targets : one was forward to the left and the other was forward to the right .
The patients ' arm movements were recorded on the tablet and fed into a computer , which also analyzed the signals coming from the microelectrodes placed on the area each patient 's brain controlling arm and hand movement .
The study showed that the microECoG electrodes could be used to distinguish brain signals ordering the arm to reach to the right or left , based on differences such as the power or amplitude of the brain waves .
The microelectrodes were formed in grid - like arrays embedded in rubbery clear silicone .
The arrays were over parts of the brain controlling one arm and hand .
The first patient received two identical arrays , each with 16 microelectrodes arranged in a four - by - four square .
Individual electrodes were spaced 1 millimeter apart ( about one - 25th of an inch ) .
Patient 1 had the ECoG and microECoG implants for a few weeks .
The findings indicated the electrodes were so close that neighboring microelectrodes picked up the same signals .
So , months later , the second patient received one array containing about 30 electrodes , each 2 millimeters apart .
This patient wore the electrode for several days .
" We were trying to understand how to get the most information out of the brain , " says Greger .
The study indicates optimal spacing is 2 to 3 millimeters between electrodes , he adds .
Once the researchers develop more refined software to decode brain signals detected by microECoG in real - time , it will be tested by asking severe epilepsy patients to control a " virtual reality arm " in a computer using their thoughts .
Niall O'Dowd : Simon wins , Susan loses , and it's all just showbiz to him ...
Click here
Father Tim : Susan must go back to where her journey began ...
Click here
Britain ’s Got Talent runner - up Susan
Boyle missed another gig on the BGT tour in Liverpool last night amid reports that she got stressed out because she needed to be with her cat Pebbles .
The 48 - year - old chanteuse has already spent five days in London ’s ’ Priory clinic being treated for exhaustion before starting the BGT live tour , and she had to skip on a gig last Sunday on the advice of her medical counsel .
Boyle ’s inability to keep a steady tour schedule popped up again last night when she was unable to perform in Liverpool .
The Daily Mirror in England reported a witness at her hotel claiming the Scottish superstar was in some distress and “ kept shouting “ I want my cat .
I need my Pebbles . ’
I think people felt sorry and she was clearly unhappy . "
A spokesman for Boyle did not corroborate this version of events by saying , ” She ’s just tired .
She has gone for a sleep and a bit of rest . "
The attention of the world being thrust on someone in such a short space of time is bound to have a stressful effect , so here ’s hoping that Boyle ’s people and the BGT tour organizers can provide her with the best support possible during this stressful / tiring time .
However , Susan certainly seems to be getting some sound financial advice ( maybe from Ossie Kilkenny ? – see link above ) as she now charges £ 100,000 per private performance for a 12 - minute set .
That works out at about $ 164,533.63 , or $ 13,712 , give or take , per minute ’s work .
Not bad work if you can get it , and certainly worth a few sleepless nights !
The first trailer that actually dives into the sick undead rape story Deadgirl is out .
We 've discussed the implications of zombie feminism and Deadgirl before , but this is the first trailer that truly shows the teen experimentation gone horribly wrong .
Zombie Feminism
In a new indie horror flick called Deadgirl , two high school guys find a naked zombie chick tied …
Read more
Click to view
What you wanna bet they all get their peckers ripped brutally off ?
Deadgirl is still popping up on the festival circuits .
Check your local art house theater for showtimes .
Advertisement
[ via Bloody Disgusting ]
Description :
No we 're not using ' royal ' as some sort of hip adjective , Laura is a real live niece of Dutch Princess Maxim and is known to cause the Dutch Royal Family a lot of embarrassment !
Views : 310237 Date : July 29 , 2009 Favorited : 75
I can't stress that strongly enough .
It 's an attempt to make an utterly serious stealth game about a sexy lady killing Nazis who are in no way vampires .
Here , just take a look at the screenshots .
I 'm sure this Nazi is just using that extra-long collar to keep himself warm , and not block out the burning rays of the sun .
And while this picture might suggest that a vampire Nazi 's internal body temperature is so low that his breath condensates the moment it hits the air , that 's not the case .
He 's just smoking .
Why would n't this guy be a little pale ?
He 's stationed in a crypt , after all !
Wait — Crypt ?
Oh , I 'm sure that 's nothing .
It 's totally normal for soldiers to be jealously protecting ancient stone coffins , right ?
Although that really does seem like a lot of manpower for guarding something that 's already dead .
You know what ?
Maybe we should get out of the underground levels for a little while .
There are plenty of non-vampire - related reasons why his skin is the exact same colour as the white door behind him , I just can't think of any at the moment .
And the fact that if that lady did n't have a pink face you might think the image was in black and white ?
Also normal .
Perhaps I 'm overreacting .
Could they all belong to some sort of super - secret Albino Korps ?
Perhaps this is all my fault , I mean , we have n't seen them in really good light yet , have we ?
Gah !
Is this why the Nazis wore grey uniforms ?
So that , along with their ash - grey skin they could blend in with urban sprawl and age - bleached fences ?
Okay , I found a sniper rifle .
Let 's finally get a good look at these guys close up .
They can't be that vampire -y , can they ?
Okay , I stand corrected .
But despite all the visual evidence to the contrary , I want to make it abundantly clear that Velvet Assassin is not a game about killing Nazi vampires .
To prove my point , here 's a picture from Operation Darkness , a game that actually IS about killing Nazi vampires .
I think you 'll see that the last officer and this guy bear little to no —
Ah , hell .
Teachers blame parents ' too busy to potty train ' for increase in children wearing nappies to school
Rising numbers of children are starting primary school still wearing nappies .
Appalled teachers are increasingly having to clear up after ' accidents ' because busy parents have failed to toilet - train their children .
Some schools and nurseries have been refusing to take pupils who are still in nappies because of the extra work it causes staff .
But councils are now advising them that by doing so they could be contravening the Disability Discrimination Act .
As a result , the Association of Teachers and Lecturers has published guidance for members after receiving a ' stream of inquiries from staff asking about their responsibilities when pupils wet or soil themselves in class ' .
The charity Education and Resources for Improving Childhood Continence now runs at least one course a month to give school nurses advice about toilet or potty - training .
Training sessions for teachers are also under discussion .
Natasha Collins , education and training co-ordinator , said : ' With primary schools , toilet - training is a real issue at the moment .
' Some parents do leave it later , perhaps because the children do n't seem to be ready .
' They tend to take a step back and say " Well OK , I 'll leave it " whereas in the past there might have been more pressure for parents to conform . '
There are growing numbers of children who are starting school without being properly potty trained
Margaret Morrissey , of family lobby group ParentsOutloud , said mothers should n't be blamed for the problem .
She said : ' If we insist that mothers go out to work when their children are still young - out of the house by 7.30 am , dropping off a baby at nursery , then the two kids at school , working a full day and getting back at 6 pm - things are going to give .
' If you want mums to devote every waking day to their children and their development , we have to make it possible for them to survive financially while staying at home . '
Rosemary Stokes , a former teacher and chairman of teaching union Voice , is helping to draw up guidance for schools in Leicester .
She said that there are more children with medical problems or learning difficulties which can include incontinence due to the Government 's inclusion policy .
She added : ' On top of that , anecdotally , it does seem that there are more children simply starting school not ready to use the toilet .
' It 's a big issue that schools have to deal with .
There are fewer school nurses than there used to be , so school staff have to take the responsibility after appropriate training .
' Generally we would say " not teachers " because they should be in class .
But many teaching assistants say it 's not in their job description either . '
Most children are potty - trained at the age of two and three .
But modern nappies , which reduce youngsters ' discomfort and stop them from feeling wet , may be adding to delays in children being ready for potty - training .
One nursery manager , who did not want to be named , told a newspaper : ' My theory is that children now feel too comfortable in disposable nappies and the message from the bladder that they are wet or uncomfortable does n't reach the brain .
' Years ago , in the days of terry towelling nappies , the children felt uncomfortable and the brain / bladder connection developed earlier .'
Saudi Arabia 's only film festival has been cancelled , dealing a blow to reformist hopes of an easing of clerical control over culture that was raised by the low - key return of cinemas in December .
In a country where cinemas were banned for almost three decades , the Jeddah Film Festival has since 2006 presented aspiring Saudi film - makers and actors with a rare opportunity to mingle with more experienced peers from other countries .
On the eve of the festival , Mamdouh Salem , one of the festival 's organisers , received a call .
He said : " The governorate of Jeddah notified us of the festival 's cancellation after it received instructions from official parties .
We were not told why . "
Abdullah al - Alami , a Saudi writer , said he was not sure why the fourth Jeddah festival , expected to start in the Islamic kingdom 's most liberal city this weekend , was cancelled .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" However , there is a trend of attacking cultural festivities , " he added .
" This is a dark day for art and literature in our modern history . "
King Abdullah has tried cautious reforms in the kingdom , a US ally which has no elected parliament , but diplomats say he is facing resistance from conservatives opposing changes .
Many Saudi religious conservatives believe films from more liberal Arab countries such as Egypt could violate religious taboos .
Some also view cinema and acting as a form of dissembling inconsistent with Islam .
" The film festival was cancelled upon indirect instructions from the interior ministry , " said an official at the information and culture ministry .
Cinema made a low - key return in December with the showing in Jeddah and another southern city of the Saudi comedy Menahi .
The film , produced by a company owned by King Abdullah 's nephew , Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , attracted such large numbers that it had to be screened up to eight times a day .
It was shown before mixed audiences , a rare thing to happen in a country that bans unrelated men and women from mixing .
But there was a sharp reaction from Ibrahim al - Ghaith , the former head of the kingdom 's religious police , which showed the opposition from hard - liners to efforts to open up the society .
He said cinema was an evil , although he eased his tone 24 hours later to say cinemas should show good things and not violate teachings of Islam .
In February , King Abdullah removed Mr Ghaith and another influential cleric in a wide government reshuffle .
However , when the film came to the the more conservative capital , Riyadh , local newspapers reported that conservative Saudis , including volunteers with the religious police , tried to disturb the screening .
The Saudi Interior Minister , Prince Nayef bin Abdul - Aziz , later signalled his backing for the religious police saying they were on a par with the security forces .
Prince Alwaleeed was undettered .
His company , Rotana , boldly put itself up as the main sponsor of the Jeddah festival , donating proceeds from his film .
The week - long festival was to have featured a competition between eight feature films made in the Gulf – two from Saudi Arabia itself – and show dozens more shorts by local and regional film - makers .
FedEx a mega logistics and delivery company has made a positive step forward by offering protections to transgender employees .
The official policy of the company will be altered to be inclusive of gender identity .
This gesture by the company is applauded , especially after the company invoked the Defense of Marriage Act to deny benefits to its LGBT employees back in February .
Use the FedEx customer service form to applaud their decision to allow transgender protections , and urge them to continue on this progressive path by lifting the ban on providing benefits to same - sex couples .
In talking about abortion , if inaccurate , misleading or ideologically - loaded language is being used , or myths are being held as truths , our communication and understanding is always going to be limited .
The murder of abortion provider Dr. George Tiller on May 31st has
resulted in a lot of conversation about abortion .
It ’s a topic
frequently hushed , or spoken about more around its politics than the
actual procedure , the experience itself and the real women who have
abortions .
So this increased discussion is certainly something
potentially positive happening because of something horribly tragic .
More discussion around anything which is or may be treated as
unspeakable is always a good thing .
However , often in these conversations and news stories , language is
used that ’s confusing or inaccurate , and some statements are made about
abortion or women who choose abortion which are false , unrepresentative
or misleading .
And any of this can come from either " side " of abortion
debates or discussions , due to political aims or motivations ,
ideological ideas or agendas or just out of plain old ignorance .
Just
like a whole lot of people do n’t know the finer points of open - heart
surgery , a lot of people just do n’t know what goes on with an abortion
procedure , especially from a provider ’s point of view .
If inaccurate ,
misleading or ideologically - loaded language is being used , or myths are
being held as truths , our communication and understanding is always
going to be limited .
And that ’s never a good thing , unless we do n’t really want to understand something at all .
Let ’s start with a few typical language issues .
When the politics of
abortion are discussed , often language is used in talking about
abortion that does n’t actually exist in the practice itself , that
providers do n’t usually use or have any practical use for , and some of
which is absolutely meaningless or invented only to try and
misrepresent abortion or pregnancy .
" Late - term abortion "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Plenty of you have probably heard the term " late - term abortion , "
lately because Dr. Tiller was one of the few providers who provided
abortions for women past 24 weeks .
" Late - term " is a phrase that we
do n’t use in practice because it does n’t mean anything solid , practical
or medical .
Even in common use it ’s pretty meaningless : when some
people say that they mean an abortion from the 20th week through the
current legal limit ( which in some states is up to 28 weeks ) , others
mean the whole second trimester , and some are talking about abortions
into a period of time when legal abortions can no longer even be
performed ( past that 28th week or less in some states ) except when the
life or health of the mother is in danger , as determined by her doctor .
Whether a doctor or healthcare worker is talking about a pregnancy
that ends in a birth , miscarriage or with an abortion , we talk about
the timing of pregnancy either in weeks ( as in , labor and delivery
usually happen around the 40th week ) or in trimesters .
The first
trimester of pregnancy is from gestation ( from the date of a woman’s
last menstrual period ) through 12 weeks , the second from weeks 13 - 28 ,
and the third from week 29 until a full - term , which is generally
considered to be between the 37th and 42nd week , even though some women
may deliver earlier or later .
Viability is more of a legal term than one used in healthcare , and
in legal use has been defined as a fetus " potentially able to live
outside the mother ’s womb , albeit with artificial aid . "
In other words ,
for much of pregnancy , even with amazing care and medical technology , a
fetus cannot survive outside a mother ’s uterus .
But at a certain point ,
even if it has not fully developed yet , it can or may be able to .
What viability is considered to be , in terms of at what number of
weeks , varies from state to state and has also changed over time .
When
Roe Vs. Wade was decided , viability was considered to be around 28
weeks , but since that time , it has changed in some areas or countries
to be as early as 22 weeks .
However , in practice , viability is
generally determined more by unique development , like lung development
( which will vary some from fetus to fetus ) rather than by weeks .
An astute bit of commentary in the Wiki on pregnancy
adds about the increasing time period of viability that ,
" Unfortunately , there has been a profound increase in morbidity and
mortality associated with the increased survival to the extent it has
led some to question the ethics and morality of resuscitating at the
edge of viability . "
Babies and Conception
" Baby " is another term we do n’t use in medical practice : it ’s an
infant or newborn when we ’re talking about a live birth .
Before birth ,
we are talking about an embryo , around two weeks after gestation , or a
fetus , from the end of the tenth week of gestation onward .
This
language is not meaningless or just about semantics : we ’re talking
about very different phases of development when we talk about a zygote ,
a blastocyst , an embryo , a fetus and an infant .
But for those of us
working in abortion , embryo or fetus are the only terms we ’re using :
anything before an embryo is to early for a termination ( and often even
for a pregnancy test ) , and an infant at or post - birth is not something
we ever see in our practice .
Conception is also not a term we use in abortion .
We do n’t have any
need to argue when conception does or does n’t start , or to use this
term at all because it does n’t give us any information we need .
What we
need to know is if a woman is pregnant , and if so , what the size ( via
an ultrasound ) of the fetus or embryo is , and , for legal purposes , how
many weeks pregnant she is based on that size and her last menstrual
period .
" Partial - birth abortion "
This this is not a medical term , and there is no such medical
procedure that exists by this name .
Rather , it was a term invented by
Douglas Johnson , the legislative director for the National
Right to Life Committee in 1995 .
We have a legal ban — put in place during the Bush administration ,
and which remains in place now — on something by this name , even
though it has no meaning in actual practice .
Incidentally , the law itself
also contains some pretty strange language for a law or policy .
( In
fact , if you also click the link to Roe V .
Wade on that page , check out
how different the language is .
It ’s a pretty major difference . )
What people using this term usually mean is a termination which is
done around or after the legal limit for elective ( as in , chosen , and
with no need for a doctor ’s order ) abortions .
The actual medical
practice often being called " partial - birth " is an intact dilation and
extraction ( an ID&X , which is very different than a standard
D&E ) , which is almost exclusively done for health reasons ,
stillbirth or profound fetal abnormalities , and / or also if the mother
or parents would like the fetus to remain intact ( for their own
emotional process or for burial ) or an autopsy is recommended .
I wo n’t
go into depth here about all that procedure can involve , but now that
you know the right term , you can look it up for yourself , or take a
look here , here or here for some sound general information .
Abortion procedures done at this time make up less than 2 % of all
abortions every year : they are exceptionally rare .
An ID&X is not
usually the procedure used for second - trimester procedures , and never
for first - trimester procedures .
ID&X is a type of abortion
procedure for women who , very late in the game ( usually in the third
trimester ) discover that either their fetus has very serious problems ,
that their health or life will be or is in grave danger with a birth or
continued pregnancy , and / or if a fetus was already was stillborn ( had
died in the womb ) .
A termination done like this and at this time can
spare the mother the physical risks and emotional pain of going through
the rest of her pregnancy , then labor and delivery with an infant
absolutely known to be born still ( to be dead before birth ) , or which
would die shortly after birth .
An ID&X can also be done more
quickly than an induced labor and delivery , and with life or health at
stake , that ’s another reason why it has sometimes been done .
" Abortion doctor "
I do n’t know of anyone with a doctorate degree in abortion , nor of
any programs where you can get a doctorate in abortion .
" Abortionist "
is also a problematic term for this reason .
" Abortion provider " is the
preferred term by most .
Many doctors who provide abortions are OB / GYNs :
they are obstetricians and gynecologists .
Some nurses also administer
medical abortions .
With those linguistic foibles cleared up , let ’s take a brief look at
some common statements you may have heard before the last few weeks ,
but may be hearing more of now .
Nearly all of these statements are
either false , misleading or only represent one group of women or one
kind of experience while rendering another invisible .
And all or some
of them have been used by more than just one " side " of debates around
abortion , too .
Some of these phrases are used by those who are
pro-choice ( who support every woman ’s right to choose parenting ,
adoption or abortion , whichever a woman feels is best for her ) , some by
those who are antichoice ( who do not support a woman ’s right to choose
all three of her options ) , some by both .
Some of the statements or my responses to them may make you
uncomfortable .
I do n’t state or respond to them to vilify anyone , to
call out one group any more than another , to put anyone ’s rights at
risk or to enable these statements or ideas .
I make them because I
think it is so important that we do our best to tell the truth about
abortion and about women .
All too often I hear even some pro-choice
people who are not being truthful : sometimes out of ignorance , limited
exposure to abortion and the diversity of women who terminate ,
sometimes because they seem to be trying to simply walk the party - line
and limit talk to those situations or women where abortion is the least
challenged out of a fear of losing our reproductive rights .
The thing is , when it comes to reproductive rights , choice and
experience , something as simple as a glib party line is too simple ,
because women ’s lives and reproductive experiences are not at all
easily simplified .
We can not be easily reduced down to one or two
groups when it comes to our experiences with pregnancy , any choice we
make around a pregnancy , or mothering .
Those experiences and situations
are just much too varied for that .
If we deny or hide some truths — and usually the ones that challenge
us the most — I do n’t think we ’re helping anyone .
If our rights are
based on falsehoods , or are only about one group of women and exclude
others , then they may not actually give everyone rights or be rights
which are particularly solid , rather than arbitrary or mercurial .
In my responses to these statements , I ’m coming at them from a few
spheres of experience : from the decade and some I have run Scarleteen
and talked with or read women talking about abortion , from the year and
a half I have worked part - time at an abortion clinic ( which provides
abortions up to 24 weeks ) , from a lot of academic reading on the
subject , both in terms of the medical aspects and the first - person
experience of pregnancy , decision - making and abortion , as well as from
my own life : my experiences and those of my friends and family .
" No woman wants to have an abortion . "
Many women , if not most , who choose an abortion want to have one .
If
a woman freely chooses abortion for herself , rather than being
pressured or coerced into it , then an abortion is absolutely what she
wants .
And let ’s be real about that : women are pressured or coerced into all
of the possible choices with a pregnancy with some frequency .
Sometimes
that pressure is direct , from family , partners , friends .
Sometimes that
also comes from communities , cultures , religions , politics .
No matter
WHAT choice a woman is making about her pregnancy , from a pro-choice
perspective , pressure , coercion or force is absolutely unacceptable .
By all means , some women have pregnancies they do NOT want to
terminate , where the last thing they want is an abortion , yet they
still decide to terminate , usually based on very serious or grave
circumstances .
Some women feel that of the three choices available they
do n’t want to make any of those choices : but one has to be made , even if none of them are wanted .
There is a range in this : for some , abortion is an ideal choice ,
what is most wanted , full - stop and without any feelings of conflict .
For others , neither abortion nor childbirth are wanted outcomes , but
abortion is the more wanted choice and what seems best to that woman
with her pregnancy .
For many , feelings lie somewhere in between those
two poles .
" Every woman who choses abortion does so with sadness , or finds the decision to terminate one that is exceptionally difficult . "
In the United States ( and many other areas ) abortion is legal .
And there is no legal requirement that a woman must feel a certain way
in order to have or retain the right to terminate her pregnancy .
There is no way all women feel with the end of every or any
pregnancy : all women who terminate do not experience feelings of pain
or deep sadness , just as all women who give birth do not experience
bliss and perfect joy ( a myth which is propagated just as much as the
opposite around abortion has been ) .
Women ’s feelings vary widely with
every pregnancy , every termination , every delivery .
There is not a
" right " way to feel with any of these choices , with any part or
experience of pregnancy , nor if a woman does or does n’t feel a given
way is she any more or less entitled to her own choices with her
pregnancy .
" No woman has an abortion casually . "
Just as the case is with the great range of experiences with how a
woman feels about abortion , so it is with the motivation for , or
decision - making process with abortion .
Some women DO have abortions in
a way you or I – or even they – might call or see as " casual . "
For some
women , having an abortion is not a big deal , is not upsetting ,
is not something she feels carries a lot of weight for her .
It should
also be noted — though this is not to say if a woman is " casual " about
abortion it is only for this reason — that certain developmental
disabilities , addictions , traumatic life experiences or psychological
conditions can cause a woman to give any number of things , like death ,
abuse or pregnancy , less gravity than others might give them or feel
about them .
Having talked to a lot of women about their abortions , would I say
there are many women who feel casually about abortion or take it
lightly ?
No , I would not : in my experience , that ’s the exception rather
than the rule .
In fact , I think we can go one step further and say few
women feel casual about a pregnancy , period .
But again , we have to be
very careful not to deny any woman ’s real experience , even if the
reason we might be tempted to do so is in an effort to try and retain
her / our rights .
" Abortions in the second trimester are only done in cases of rape , incest , or when the health of the mother and / or fetus are at risk . "
That is not true .
While in the third trimester , past viability ,
abortion procedures can only be done when the mother ’s life is at risk ,
this is not so for most or all of the second trimester .
While
second - trimester procedures are much less common than those done in the
first trimester , many second - trimester abortions are chosen electively ,
and it is absolutely legal to do so .
Why do women terminate in the second trimester ?
Well , this is a big
topic , because we ’d need to address the myriad of reasons why a woman
has an abortion at any time .
We ’d also be irresponsible if we
did n’t explore why it is that second - trimester procedures are
considered so different than first - trimester procedures by many people ,
even though that does n’t fit everyone ’s experience of pregnancy .
So ,
I ’ll have to shortcut a bit here to avoid writing a thesis .
There are some common reasons why women do not terminate by the end
of the first trimester , but in the second : because she did n’t accept or
know she was pregnant until later ( remember that not all women have
regular periods , and some women experience bleeding during pregnancy
they mistake for a period ) , because she could n’t afford a termination
until later , because she could n’t get access to an abortion in her area
earlier , because she originally wanted a pregnancy , but then changed
her mind , often based on something major changing in her life ( loss of
a home or job , loss of healthcare , a natural disaster , another child or
family member becoming ill or in need , loss of a spouse or husband or
of a partner ’s support for a pregnancy or child , a relationship
becoming abusive or existing abuse increasing , etc. ) , and also because
of maternal or fetal health issues or abnormalities ( often these can ’t
be identified until later in a pregnancy ) .
If you want to know more about women who have had later
terminations , some sites have recently been compiling first - person
stories .
Rewire has a bunch here , and The Atlantic has a good round - up of some from their site here .
And for general first - person abortion stories from women at all stages ,
the clinic I work for has kept a story archive for a long time right here .
" If everyone had access to birth control and all the methods we had were 100 % effective , all pregnancies would be wanted and we would have no abortions . "
While some women have very firm and consistent feelings before and
during the whole of a pregnancy that a pregnancy is wanted , not
everyone feels that way .
Given how much pressure expectant mothers are
under to express nothing but joy about a pregnancy , we ca n’t even
accurately say how many women have mixed or mutable feelings : we just
do n’t live in a world yet which allows women that kind of honesty
around pregnancy .
Even if every wanted pregnancy remained wanted , we can be certain
that many women would still want and need abortion .
Life does n’t just
stay put while we ’re pregnant , so our circumstances can always change ,
like some of the changes I talked about above , and some of those
changes can seriously alter our plans , previous wants and needs or the
status of our pregnancy .
In fact , I think it ’s pretty strange to talk
about a process which is about nothing but constant change – for a developing , as well as for a pregnant woman – as if it could be unchanging .
That said , birth control access and efficacy is a huge issue , and
given that in America alone , nearly half of all pregnancies which end
in abortion are unintended , we know that lack of access to methods , not
knowing how to use methods properly or having a lack of cooperation
around contraception in sexual partnerships and the level of
effectiveness methods provide does very much contribute to more
abortion than we would see otherwise .
Those earnestly looking to help
reduce the number of abortions drastically should absolutely be working
to increase birth control access , awareness and the development of
reliable methods of contraception , since this is the one thing we know
would make a huge difference which does not in any way diminish or
remove women ’s reproductive rights .
" Women who have abortions do n’t like or love children . "
In the United States around 60 % of women who have abortions are
already mothers ; mothers who love their children no more or less than
anyone else .
Often already being a mother informs much of their choice :
they know , after all , without having to guess , what parenting requires
and what their children need , and if they can or cannot meet those
needs .
Lower - income women have always had more abortions than higher
income , and that ’s part of this piece , too : many women know when we
cannot afford any children or are already finding it very difficult to
provide care for existing children .
Some women choose abortion in part
or entirely out of love for the children they already have : they know
when another mouth to feed and child to care for will make providing
good care for all their children impossible .
There ’s an old pro-choice slogan which is " If you ca n’t trust me with a choice , how can you trust me with a child ? "
It ’s been pretty popular because it feels so true for so many women .
When women make decisions around pregnancy , they usually are not just
about either themselves or a child , but about the welfare of both .
Mothering is not an easy business and mothers have to make choices for
their children every day , often many times a day , and some of those
choices are tough ones .
Deciding to be a mother or not is one of those
choices , potentially the biggest and most important of all of them .
" Abortion is a bloody , ugly , brutal , painful — insert any other words here used to make surgery sound like a world war — procedure . "
I spent a lot of my childhood in a hospital : my mother was a nurse
and a single parent , the hospital was often my after - school hangout ,
and I was a curious kid .
I probably saw more blood and guts than most
children do for that reason .
I was also an adventurous child who got
injured a lot : I severed two of my fingers when I was seven , scraped
the mush of them off the sidewalk , and carried them rather casually
back to our apartment .
( Some of my ability to do that without flinching
was likely shock , mind you , but some was probably because I was used to
dealing with or seeing injuries . )
I also personally have seen blood and
violence in my personal life outside medical situations , and have lived
through a few incidents of brutality , as have other members of my
family .
And I have observed a number of abortion procedures , both in
the first and second - trimester .
I ’ve also had a termination myself , and
did so only with a local anesthetic .
Certainly , to some people , any surgery seems or looks bloody and
brutal , especially those who get queasy around this stuff .
Too , not
everyone can manage emotions well around blood and other things
involved in surgery and healthcare .
However , ANY surgical procedure usually involves blood .
Most involve
pain or discomfort , either before , during and / or in recovery from the
surgery , and when a surgery is not painful , it ’s usually because
anesthetic and / or sedation was used : some abortion providers offer
both , others just one .
Are abortions more bloody than most other
procedures ?
No .
More bloody or physically ( or emotionally , though that ,
varies very widely from women to women and birth to birth ) intense for
a woman than childbirth ?
Not usually .
Are most women I have observed in horrible pain during their
abortions ?
No .
All of our pain thresholds vary , so what a woman
experiences varies , but again , we ’re not talking about a birth here
( birth is usually painful , but we hardly suggest that ’s a reason women
should not give birth ) , and remember , too , that most abortion
procedures only take a few minutes , not hours and hours .
Most abortions
are not highly painful procedures , and pain can also be managed with
medications , as with any surgery .
While like other aspects of abortion ,
experiences of pain vary , some women even report that their monthly
menstrual cramps or some sex they have in their lives had has been more
painful than an abortion was .
I have yet to see an abortion procedure I ’d describe as brutal or
violent .
As someone who has observed procedures first - hand , I ’m always
amazed by how many people who have NOT done so will tell me how things
happen , or how awful everything is , apparently forgetting that of the
two of us , I ’m the only one who actually knows and has experienced how
abortions are performed .
By no means is this an inclusive list of either the language used or
misused with and around abortion or the various mythologies around
abortion and women who have abortions .
But it ’s a place to start , and
we truly are long overdue at even just starting truthful collective
conversation about abortion .
If we truly can do that , I strongly
suspect that it can play a part in both reducing clinic violence and in
everyone starting to see women ’s lives more clearly , accurately , fully
and compassionately .
Boomers , Millennials , and Gen Z at Work : 3 Words That May Not Mean What You Think
We often assume the words we use have a relatively universal meaning .
But what if we ’re wrong ?
Consider what the following terms mean to you .
18 SHARES Share Tweet
I will first admit that I do not follow any school or program of meditation but instead like to maintain mindfulness throughout my daily experiences while falling into deeper meditations when I am alone and if the opportunity arises .
Today I found myself particularly tired and overworked towards the end of the day , so I decided to lay down on my bed to get some rest .
Originally intending to take a short nap , I instead chose to remain conscious after achieving my relaxed state .
I often can remain relaxed while thinking about any kind of issue – from the most unpleasant of memories to my deepest concerns surrounding close friends and family members ( interestingly , sex may be the only subject of thought that is likely to take me out of my passivity ) .
Today ’s meditation was one of my more pleasant and insightful experiences I have had as of late .
Specifically , I felt my cognition was clear : my rationalities were distinct and precise and my reasonings were just .
My creativity also hit a peak .
My metaphors and analogies spoke truths to my subconscious , and my subject matter was constantly changing but remaining just as relevant .
I would not call this experience a peak experience because I am often not too surprised anymore when life bewilders or awes me .
Without further ado , let me introduce the position I found helpful to my practice , as well as a few guidelines to get you started :
You are going to first need a bed or some elevated flat surface that you can hang your hands off of so that you can feel the weight of gravity pulling down on them .
Then position yourself so that you are laying down on your bed ( or whatever you are using ) on your back in a comfortable position , with your legs approximately shoulder width apart and your feet falling away from each other .
Then take your arms over your head , clasp your palms together , and interlock your fingers ( remember your hands should be hanging off the bed in a way so that you are feeling the sensation of gravity working on your hands and maybe a bit of your forearms – this is important ) .
I then recommend you close your eyes and focus your awareness on this particular position of your body .
Remain mindful of the sensations it produces , and try to keep your attention on your body ( not other matters ) for roughly 10 - 15 minutes .
After that passes I want you to let your awareness begin to free float .
Let the mind go to whatever tendencies it wishes but remain mindful of these cognitions as they take place – not clinging to anything , but passively observing and letting the moments pass .
Be especially mindful to any issues regarding changes in your life , whether past or future , but remain as objective as you can .
I found this meditation to be helpful for both creative analysis and problem solving .
I want to know what experiences you guys have with this meditative position along with this specific sequence of awareness that I suggest .
I have my own thoughts for why I find it to be effective , but I will refrain from mentioning them in hopes that you guys can offer some of your own insights .
Thanks for testing it out and for any feedback I may receive .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
reductio
Use radical and imaginative gambits to keep the attention and sympathy of your audience .
For example : pretend to agree with almost everything the opposing side says , but then reveal how what your opponents say implies that they are in fact quite wrong .
Or use the method ofad absurdum ( i.e. show that , if the opposing side were correct , then this would have absurd consequences )
Baby elephants , sought after due to their cute appearance , are among the most sought after , with some taught tricks to appeal to tourists .
Other elephants are used to perform heavy manual work .
The drumbeat around Palm Pre 's availability on the Verizon Wireless network had been steadily getting louder in the last few weeks .
And now Verizon has confirmed that Sprint 's exclusive stranglehold on the Pre is unlikely to last beyond the end of the year .
" We plan to offer the Palm Pre early next year , " Dennis Strigl , president and chief operating officer of Verizon told analysts on a conference call late Monday .
Palm made the Pre available starting June 6 exclusively on Sprint 's wireless network .
The handset costs $ 300 , excluding a $ 100 rebate on a two - year contract and has gathered fairly positive reviews for its design , ability to multi-task and offer an integrated contacts and browsing experience .
Sprint and Palm have n't disclosed how long the exclusive deal between the two carriers .
Now it is certain that Verizon will get its hands on the device soon .
Verizon is also promising to offer other new handsets in the next few months .
The company plans to refresh the Storm later this year , said Strigl .
There 's also an Android handset on the way .
" Android is on our roadmap , " said Strigl .
" We have a great device lineup . "
But will the combined power of the Pre , Storm and an Android phone at Verizon be enough to fight Apple and AT&T's iPhone ?
See Also :
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
A powerful Taliban faction in a northwestern tribal region has said it is withdrawing from a peace deal with the government to protest continuing strikes by American drones , confronting the Pakistani military with a possible two - front campaign against militants , according to Pakistani news reports on Tuesday .
The Taliban faction , led by Hafiz Gul Bahadur , operates in the mountainous North Waziristan area along the border with Afghanistan .
It struck a peace deal with the authorities in February 2008 , but Mr. Gul Bahadur said the truce was no longer operative .
The Taliban announcement on Monday came as American reinforcements were moving into Afghanistan .
Taliban fighters there have traditionally relied on havens in Pakistan ’s lawless tribal regions .
One day before the announcement , as many as 150 militants attacked a Pakistani military convoy about 22 miles west of Miramshah , the capital of North Waziristan .
At least 30 soldiers  the Taliban claimed 60  were believed to have been killed in the ambush , which pointed to the army ’s vulnerability in the area .
Now at version 48 , Firefox 's biggest change since my last review is to relegate Flash content to on - demand status .
It 's the boldest move away from the deprecated Web technology by any desktop browser .
Of course , many other improvements have also made their way in , including process separation , enhanced download protection , and a 64 - bit version .
Firefox continues its trend of being the most privacy - concerned and customizable Web browser .
Other unique features include tracking protection in Private Browsing mode , Hello video chat , an ad - free Reading mode , and a social - sharing tool .
It 's also fast and makes frugal use of RAM .
In features and customizability , Firefox is unmatched , making it our Editors ' Choice for Windows Web browsers .
Starting Up
Firefox is available for Mac and Linux , as well as Windows 10 , ( $ 139.00 at Microsoft Store ) 8 , 7 , Vista , and XP ( though we do n't recommend you run the last two ) .
If you 're already a Firefox user , all you have to do is restart the browser to get the new version ( you can also go to Help > About Firefox to force an update ) .
A fresh install of the browser took up just 91 MB compared with Google Chrome 's 406MB .
You can import bookmarks from any other installed browsers on first run , and the setup is as easy as it gets .
You can also choose any search provider you like , though Yahoo is the default .
A Slick Look
Firefox's has the best - looking browser interface around .
The new look resembles that of Chrome , but there are real differences .
Chrome 's tabs are n't rounded , and they do n't recede into the window border color when they do n't have the focus , as Firefox 's do .
Chrome also displays all tabs no matter how many you have open , which makes them impossible to identify when you have a lot .
With Firefox , the tabs remain readable since you scroll back and forth by clicking an arrow when you have too many to read open .
Firefox also keeps the Search box separate from its Address box .
This is important privacy protection , as browsers that use a single box typically send everything you type there to a search provider .
Firefox 's search box includes a dropdown arrow that lets you choose among search providers .
This is handy if , for example , you know you want the Wikipedia or eBay result .
It also prevents search entries from being interpreted as Web addresses .
For example , if you want to search for content about asm.js ( a subset of JavaScript ) , the address box tries to open a page , while the search box turns up links about the asm.js spec and so on .
Firefox 's New Tab page features tiles for your most frequently visited sites and a search box .
I do , however , miss Internet Explorer 's Recently Closed tabs choice on this page .
Granted , the Firefox default Start page does offer this option , along with big buttons for downloads , bookmarks , and settings .
If you just want a blank new tab , the grid button at top right grants your wish .
Chrome 's New Tab page annoyingly does n't let you choose the site tiles as all the other browsers do , but does let you delete tiles it 's selected .
The main thrust of Chrome 's New Tab pages is to push you towards Google 's online services .
As in many modern apps , Firefox 's main menu now sports the three - dash ( aka hamburger ) button .
When clicked , this drops down not a standard text menu , but rather a panel of icons for settings , add - ons , and more .
It 's very clean and less overwhelming than the multiple unfolding text menus found in previous versions ( and still found in Chrome ) .
Keeping with the Firefox tradition of customizability , an always - present choice at the bottom of this panel is Customize , which switches the browser to a mode that lets you change any of its buttons in either the panel itself or in the toolbar next to the search bar .
One customization offered by newcomer browser Vivaldi but not found in Firefox is tab tiling , which lets you see more than one site in the main browser window .
You can eliminate the browser 's top title bar for the tabs - on - top look , or toggle standard text - based menu options and the bookmarks bar .
Firefox 's bookmarking tool is a welcome convenience .
Its double button consists of star and clipboard icons .
When you tap the star , an adorable animation flies it over to the clipboard , and the star turns blue , showing that the current site has been added to your bookmarks .
Tapping the Clipboard button opens a drop - down menu that displays all your recent bookmarks .
You can also summon a full bookmark sidebar or separate window for a view of your bookmarks .
The History button offers a sidebar , too , though its button is n't in the toolbar by default .
Both the Bookmarks and History sections include search bars .
Microsoft Edge 's combined Favorites and History button makes for a clean interface .
In Chrome , you have to go through menus to get to either .
Better Syncing
Firefox 's syncing capabilities not only let you see your bookmarks and settings in any instance of the browser on any device , but also even let you continue a browsing session from machine to machine .
You can sync passwords , extensions , and form data , as well .
The new syncing method is much easier to set up .
Before , you had to enter a generated code in any new device .
Now you simply sign in .
The synced information is encrypted end to end , according to Mozilla .
Firefox syncing now extends to both its Android and iOS mobile apps .
You can also sync Firefox with the excellent Mercury browser app .
Windows
Phone users can look to the third - party Firesync app .
Firefox includes a button for the Pocket Web bookmarking service .
You can use the same login you do for Firefox 's own syncing for this feature , which offers an amazingly simple way to save a webpage .
Just click the toolbar icon , and it 's available either on synced browsers or in Pocket 's Pinterest - like display of your saved sites .
One online tool you wo n't see in Firefox , however , is an equivalent to Maxthon Cloud Browser 's and Vivaldi 's own online note - syncing services .
Tracking Protection in Private Browsing
Firefox 's Private Browsing mode does n't save logins , history , site cookies , or cached pages for private sessions — it 's just like you were never there .
But unique among browsers is that it offers tracking protection while you 're browsing privately .
With this change , online Web trackers do n't see your browsing activity .
If you 've ever installed a tracking - protection extension such as Privacy Badger , you know what a surprising number of sites track and store your browsing activity .
I 've long thought that every browser 's privacy features should include this sort of protection .
Firefox Hello
Skype , watch out !
With Firefox 's built - in Hello video chatting ( with the cooperation of Telefonica , a Spanish communications provider ) , you no longer need to install separate software to chat .
You do n't even have to create a separate account to start seeing your far - off friends .
To get started with Hello , you click the smiley face button on the left side of the browser toolbar , and then press the Start a Conversation button .
This opens a chat box at the bottom of the browser window , showing your own webcam image .
You can conduct multiple conversations at once , and you can turn off your camera , mute your mic , or share your browser tabs or other windows on your computer with your chat partner .
One cool thing is that , as with Skype , when you enter a conversation , your other audio is turned way down so you can hear , and there are clever sound effects to clue you in when someone joins or leaves a chat and enters a message .
One problem , though , is that , unlike in Skype , Firefox offers no way to switch from the back to the front camera .
Also unlike Skype and Hangouts , Hello limits you to one - to - one conversations — no group calling .
But video and sound were acceptable if not perfect ( which is to say , par for the course in video chat ) in my Hello test conversation .
Reading Mode
These days , a lot of sites , particularly magazine - and news - type sites , have become nearly unreadable with the number of pop- up ads and auto - play videos they foist on you .
Even formerly staid publications like the New York Times are now sometimes cluttered beyond readability .
A Reading mode has become a necessity , and after Apple 's Safari led the way several years ago , Firefox now offers such a tool .
Microsoft 's Edge browser also offers a Reading mode .
Chrome does n't include this feature , which may not be surprising given Google 's ad - serving business .
When you land on an article page , an icon showing a book appears in the right side of the address box .
You click it to turn on Reading mode .
Firefox offers some formatting choices from an easily accessible right - hand sidebar .
You can choose an off - white paper , bright white , or black background , and there are nine font sizes with serif and sans - serif options .
One thing I prefer about the Reading modes in Safari and Microsoft Edge is that you can still see inline images with those .
But Firefox has an advantage : Its Reading mode works for all sites , whereas Edge and Safari let publishers opt out .
Social : Firefox Share
These days , no browser should be without a persistent Share button .
After all , what do we do on the Web now besides finding sites that amuse us and sharing them to Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr , LinkedIn , and the rest ?
Firefox 's
Share button , which cleverly looks like a paper airplane , lets you share to these services as well as to email .
It 's also extensible to any new online sharing targets that may come along .
It 's not in the toolbar by default , so you have to drag Share This Page there from the Customize view .
Once you do this , you can choose which sharing targets to include .
Tab Tools
Firefox 's unique Panorama feature , offering a revolutionary way to organize tab groups , is no longer a built - in browser feature .
It 's now available as an extension called Tab Groups .
This a nifty feature lets you drag tabs among boxes that you can resize and reposition .
You can even give a name to a tab group to keep it organized .
If there are sites you always want access to , you can pin their tabs to the left side of the Tab bar — just as you can in Chrome and Edge .
These pinned tabs appear narrower , showing just the site icon .
The pinned sites also load automatically when you start Firefox .
You can also create a shortcut icon on your desktop for a site by dragging its information icon .
And , as with all browsers these day , you can drag tabs side - to - side to reposition them , and outside of the browser to create new windows .
Standards and Code Support
Mozilla and Firefox have long been at the forefront of Web technology innovation .
The latest version not only supports the lion 's share of HTML5 features , but also other emerging standards such as WebRTC , which enables the Hello video - chat feature discussed above .
Another technology Mozilla has led is Emscripten and asm.js , which allow native - code performance for processing - intensive Web apps such as 3D gaming .
Microsoft is moving ahead with including this capability in a future release of Edge .
It 's a more open version of Google 's Chrome - only Native Client technology .
All of this native Web support means that Firefox plug-ins such as that for Adobe Flash are n't really needed , and can cause more security vulnerabilites than they 're worth .
In fact , Mozilla has stated that it intends to " remove support for most NPAPI plugins in Firefox by the end of 2016 . "
NPAPI is the plug - in specification introduced back in the days of Netscape ( it 's short for Netscape API ) .
Firefox supports Web Audio API , along with more than 30 other Web APIs , many of which were prompted by Mozilla 's ill - fated Firefox OS mobile platform initiative .
Many , such as mouse - lock and geolocation APIs , apply to desktop browsing , too .
The browser also supports the faster HTTP / 2 replacement for HTTP , the basic networking communications protocol of the Web .
You can see which companies have implemented which features in this table .
Some of Firefox 's capabilities are not included on Niels Leenheer 's HTML5 Test website ( see the performance table ) , which tests for its own set of emerging standards and W3C HTML5 recommended ones .
Another reason the test should be taken with a grain of salt is that it does n't actually test whether the functions are correctly implemented , just that the browser acknowledges that the function is recognized .
Performance
Firefox has come a long way in terms of speed , as has the browser field in general .
Chrome once had a speed advantage , with blazing JavaScript rendering , that advantage has mostly vanished .
In particular , Windows 10's Edge browser beats it in most speed tests I run ( see table ) , while Firefox tops a few .
Performance is most easily and repeatably measured by JavaScript benchmarks .
But browser performance involves more than just what shows up on these synthetic JavaScript benchmarks , since loading webpages is n't just about JavaScript .
HTML and CSS parsing , network interaction , prioritization of which content is loaded first , handling mouse moves , painting the window with content , and caching strategies all play roles .
I no longer test startup speed , since all of the browsers I consider start up snappily , usually in under 3 seconds .
I tested on a Surface Pro 4 ( $ 779.49 at Amazon ) with a Core i5 - 6300U CPU and 8GB RAM , clearing all browser 's caches , quitting all other apps , and removing all extensions .
I kept the tablet PC plugged in and ran each test five times , threw out the highest and lowest results and averaged the rest .
JavaScript Benchmarks .
SunSpider , formerly the best - known JavaScript benchmark , has been superseded by JetStream , which combines routines of the former SunSpider with others from LLVM and Apache .
Like Google 's Octane benchmark , which I also use , JetStream is designed to be more real - world , so it takes longer to run , cycling through 39 tasks three times .
A higher score is better on both of these tests .
I recently added the WebXPRT benchmark to my testing .
This includes six tests that its maker , Principled Technologies , claims mirror real - world Web application use .
Using JavaScript and HMTL5 , it tests the following set of tasks : Photo Enhancement , Organize Album , Stock Option Pricing , Local Notes , Sales Graphs , and Explore DNA Sequencing .
Firefox takes the crown in this one , in which a higher score is better .
Graphics Hardware Acceleration .
Microsoft has published a series of benchmarks to demonstrate how use of a PC 's graphics processor can accelerate some webpage - rendering tasks on its Test Drive site .
I use PenguinMark , since it produces a comparable score and tests a wide variety of capabilities , including HTML5 , JavaScript , CSS3 , Canvas , WOFF ( Web Open Font Format ) , and more .
It also displays cute bundled penguins in the snow and plays my favorite Chipmunks Christmas song .
On this test , Firefox used to perform extremely well , but now the Microsoft browser beats it handily .
A higher score is better .
Unity WebGL Benchmark .
WebGL allows game - level graphics inside a webpage , so I check performance of this with the Unity WebGL Benchmark .
Unity WebGL is a great - looking benchmark that runs through visually demanding Mandelbrot sets , cryptography , and gaming physics scenarios , both 2D and 3D .
One test is adorably named " Instantating [ sic ] and destroying a lot of Teddy bears . "
Edge and Firefox have a big lead over Chrome and Opera on this one — not surprising because the benchmark uses asm.js , which has better support in Firefox and Edge .
A higher score is better on this benchmark .
Memory Use . I tested the browsers ' RAM footprints by loading 10 media - rich websites into all the browsers at the same time and add up their processes '
Memory entries in Task Manager .
I had to make sure the sites actually loaded , because some browsers like to save you resources by not loading background tabs , Chrome and Opera in particular showed a lot of empty tabs when I first clicked on them .
Of course , a lower MB number is preferable on this test .
Firefox wins this , nearly halving Chrome 's memory usage , while Edge trails by a surprising margin in this test .
Battery Drain .
In light of all the controversy over Chrome draining laptop batteries , I ran PCMag 's battery rundown test .
I charged the battery fully , unplugged and played a song on SoundCloud in an endless loop , having connected the audio output to a plugged - in PC recording the sound in Audacity .
The browsers were loaded with the same 10 media - heavy websites .
I also kept the screen brightness at maximum , which helps account for the short time results I saw .
The laptop I was using was an Acer Aspire E1 - 470P , whose battery was no great shakes to start with .
The longer the battery could last on this , the better .
Firefox won , lasting 1 hour and 55 minutes .
Chrome lasted just 1 hour and 18 minutes in my tests .
The other browsers also got more life out of that poor old battery than Chrome .
Opera lasted 1 hour and 36 minutes , and Edge lasted 1 hour and 32 minutes .
For reference , with no browser running , the laptop 's battery lasted 2 hours and 49 minutes .
My methodology admittedly is n't quite perfect , since I do n't simulate user interactions , but most of the sites loaded use auto - refresh to load new content , so that can be thought of as simulating active navigation .
In any case , the results are so clear that I think they are worth reporting .
Developer Tools
Firefox arguably offers more for the Web developer than any other browser .
In fact , there 's even a Firefox Developer Edition of the browser .
The Developer Toolbar offers a command line that can streamline a slew of Web developer actions .
Accessible from the Web developer menu , the toolbar autocompletes any commands the developer starts to enter , and offers keyboard shortcuts to access the Web Console , Debugger , Style Editor , Cookie Editor , and more .
It can even open extensions or snap screenshots of page elements .
Security
Firefox has long offered many security features , including phishing and malware protection , as well as integration with antivirus software .
Firefox 's support for standards lets sites make plug-ins even more secure .
Content Security Policy ( CSP ) , for example , lets sites prevent XSS ( cross - site scripting ) attacks , such as a commenter on a site executing scripts .
Firefox has also long been a leader in privacy , having introduced the Do Not Track system .
There are now three choices : Do Not Track , Track , and Don't tell sites whether or not I wish to be tracked .
The browser includes an API call that lets websites use JavaScript to check whether you 've set this to indicate you do n't want to be tracked .
Unfortunately , the Mozilla answer relies on the ad networks to abide by your wishes — and many do n't ( most notably the largest of them all , Google ) .
As I mentioned above , a good workaround for Firefox is to install Privacy Badger or something similar .
Burning Up the Browser World
Firefox is the best - looking browser around .
It 's clean , functional , and more customizable than the rest .
Mozilla 's browser also offers the best combination of performance , features , support for new Web standards , low memory usage , and privacy protections .
All of this earns Firefox our Editors ' Choice award for Web browsers for Windows .
Best Browser Picks
Further Reading
Two decades ago , an 11 - year - old boy from the Bay Area was honored with an invitation most devout Catholics would envy .
Mother Teresa of Calcutta , winner of the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize for her work among the developing world 's poor , was celebrating Mass at her order 's convent in Noe Valley .
The ceremony was part of a retreat led by one of the famed humanitarian nun 's close spiritual advisers , a Jesuit priest and former University of San Francisco professor named Donald McGuire .
It was at McGuire 's bidding that the 11 - year - old came to serve as an altar boy that morning at St. Paul 's Convent , a boxy building of yellow stucco that rises from a tree - lined block near the intersection of 29th and Church streets .
( The convent houses local novices in the international Missionaries of Charity order , founded by Mother Teresa in 1950 . )
The priest was close to the boy 's family :
He had baptized the boy , and offered his mother spiritual and psychological counseling over the years .
Indeed , within church circles , McGuire was something of a celebrity himself .
Steeped , as are all Jesuits , in the cerebral traditions of Catholicism , McGuire dazzled his many admirers with his command of ancient history and literature .
He could speak eloquently about philosophy and theology , and deployed his rhetoric to powerful effect during multiday religious seminars based on the teachings of Saint Ignatius of Loyola , the Jesuits ' founder .
He had silvering brown hair and a round , red Irish face that often creased into a puckish smile .
He liked to give advice .
And he liked to hear confession .
On that morning almost 20 years ago , however , McGuire 's interests were more profane than sacred .
Following a morning Mass , he asked the boy to retire with him to a private chamber reserved for the priest at the convent .
While the nuns and Mother Teresa milled about , McGuire closed the door to his room and asked his favored altar boy to join him , in his cot , for a nap .
The boy lay down .
The priest lay on the outside of the narrow bed and then reached across the boy 's body and into his pants .
So said the boy in a recent interview with SF Weekly .
Now 30 , he is suing the Jesuits for turning a blind eye to McGuire 's repeated acts of child molestation .
His lawsuit was filed this winter in Cook County , Ill. , home of the Chicago Province of the Jesuits , where McGuire kept his primary residence .
The boy — who is identified in court documents only as John Doe 129 , and requested that SF Weekly not publish his name or hometown to spare him the stigma attached to childhood sexual abuse — is accusing the Chicago Province of negligence and fraud in failing to keep McGuire away from children .
He and his attorneys allege that over a period of about 10 years beginning in 1988 , McGuire forced the boy to massage the priest 's genitals and watch him masturbate , among other acts of abuse .
Doe 129 is not the first to accuse McGuire , now an ailing 79 - year - old , of such misdeeds .
In 2006 , the priest was convicted in a Wisconsin court of molesting two teenage boys he had taught decades earlier at a prominent Jesuit high school in the Midwest .
Earlier this year , a federal judge in Illinois sentenced McGuire to 25 years in prison after a jury found him guilty of traveling abroad with a teenage boy to sexually abuse him .
( For his part , McGuire still insists he is innocent and has appealed his latest conviction . )
While the federal case rested on molestation charges involving only one boy , investigators believed McGuire had abused dozens during his career .
In fact , Jesuit leaders first received complaints about the priest in 1969 , although he was not officially defrocked until last year .
Some of the ex-priest 's alleged victims — many of them now grown men — and their family members were permitted to address U.S. District Court Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer during his sentencing hearing .
Their statements , not surprisingly , were emotionally charged .
The Arizona father of two boys McGuire allegedly molested said he would like to hand down his own sentence on the ex-priest using a baseball bat .
One of those who traveled to Chicago to speak out was the mother of the altar boy allegedly molested at the Missionaries of Charity convent in San Francisco .
" I told the judge that I thought that he deserved the maximum sentence , " she said .
" Even we , as adults , could n't stand up to someone who was Mother Teresa 's confessor .
Can you imagine children that have no voice ? "
Doe 129's lawsuit is just one of multiple pending civil cases against McGuire nationwide .
But it is the first to draw attention to the strong San Francisco ties of the man who is arguably the most prominent convicted child abuser in the Jesuits ' 470 - year history .
Interviews with McGuire 's former colleagues , associates , and admirers cast light on the pivotal phases of his life that took place in this city — it was in San Francisco that he began his working relationship with Mother Teresa — and suggest that the disgraced ex-priest committed acts of abuse here for which neither he nor his superiors have ever been held to account .
In 1976 , Father Joseph Fessio , a Jesuit instructor at the University of San Francisco , was busy recruiting students and professors for a new classics program .
Called the St. Ignatius Institute , it would focus on a traditional " great books " curriculum , functioning as an autonomous college within the university .
As he organized the institute , Fessio got a call from a well - known Jesuit teacher from the Midwest who was interested in joining .
His name was Donald McGuire .
Fessio had heard of McGuire .
By reputation , he was " very dynamic " and " a very exciting teacher , " Fessio recalls , known for his orthodoxy and loyalty to the church .
The truth , as documents unearthed in McGuire 's subsequent criminal and civil cases would later reveal , was more complicated .
As a matter of fact , at the time he came to USF , McGuire 's Midwestern superiors had already received complaints that he had sexually molested two boys at Loyola Academy , a Jesuit high school in Illinois .
( The same incidents eventually led to McGuire 's first criminal conviction in 2006 . )
Since the First World War , British and American troops have deployed the metric system of measurement whenever they are carrying out joint operations with the French .
The maps were created by the French and the word “ kilometer ” became an integral part of the American Military especially after the First World War .
The word click is a product of kilometer ; hence one click is the same as one kilometer .
Ever since NATO was created , the maps being used by its member Nations comply with the NATO standards .
Also , the Military Grid Reference Systems ( MGRS ) is the standard being used by members of NATO .
It is used for locating the points on the earth and can locate any place on the earth to the closest meter .
What is a click in the military ?
A Click is a military term which simply stands for a distance of about 0.062 miles or 1 kilometer .
The term first gained popularity during the war in Vietnam .
When sighting in a weapon it is used to illustrate a minute of an arc .
In such a situation , a click is equated to an inch of the distance of a hundred yards .
A click is simply the short form of one kilometer and as such four clicks equal four kilometers .
The Military is known to deploy metric measurements for distances and maps .
The click is used when sighting in a weapon like a riffle .
What Is The History Behind The Word Click ?
There is a widespread belief among historians that the term click derives its origin in Vietnam among the Australian Infantry .
According to the story , the soldiers would move around using compass direction and calculate the distance using pacing .
For them to be aware of the distance , at least one soldier would be asked to count the paces .
This would be 100 paces down - hill , 110 paces on flat land and 120 paces up - hill which would all be equal to 0.1 kilometers .
Each 100 - meter lot would be kept track of by the soldier who moves the gas regulator on his L1A1 rifle , one mark .
Upon moving for about 1000 meters of 10 marks , the said soldier would send a signal to the commander using his hands .
He would then indicate movement by a thousand meters by simply raising the gun rewinding the regulator using his thumb which causes a “ click ” sound .
What Are The Other Types Of Distance Measurements ?
The other types of distance measurements include the US customary units and imperial units .
Each of these units is derived from the much older British units .
For instance , the imperial units were initially used by the commonwealth during the former British Empire .
But since the end of this Empire , the Nations that used this imperial units have seen a switch to the metric system .
There are places where the imperial system is still being used in Britain even though they have largely been replaced using the metric system .
In the American customary unit , a foot equals 12 inches and a yard is the same as 3 feet .
A mile is also the same as 1760 yards or 5280 feet .
Only yards , feet , inches are mainly used .
There are some other units which are used like the picas .
American customary units are the same as the imperial units even though some distinct differences exist between the US customary units and the imperial units .
What Makes The American Military Special ?
The American Military is composed of the Marine Corps , Army , Space Force , Navy , Air Force , and the Coast Guard .
The military is headed by the president of America who acts as the commander in chief of the armed force .
The six services are components of the eight uniformed services in America .
The American Military has always played a pivotal role in the history of America since its inception .
For instance , the American sense of identity was created due to the victory recorded in the First Barbary War as well as the Second Barbary War .
There was some reluctance about the possibility of a permanent security force by America at some point .
A Few Terms Only People In The Military Would Know
The unique thing about America is that each of the regions has its unique terms .
But when it comes to complex and unique terms , the Military is in a world of its own .
Aside from the acronyms used by members of the military , there are certain phrases used that should catch the attention of anyone .
Here is a run-down of a number of them :
1 . A good piece of gear
Only members of the military have the exclusive right to refer to a fellow member as a good piece of gear .
An attempt to refer to a member by a nonmember could be met with unpalatable consequences .
2. Fifteen minutes before fifteen minutes prior
It is a culture among members of the military to show up to everything at least 15 minutes before the time .
The term fifteen minutes before fifteen minutes was coined from the expectation that you arrive fifteen minutes before the person that is next in rank .
What this implies is that if the colonel wants to see everybody by 05:00 the lieutenant colonel has to be there by 04:45 .
The order goes on like that until it gets to the last man in the chain of command .
3. Blues Buddies
The term Blues stands for the name given to what Marine Corps , Navy , and Air force .
When two personnel wearing this color combination leave the base together , there are known as blues buddies .
4. Chair force
This is a funny term used to describe Air Force personnel who never fly a plane .
These categories of people are instead found flying desks .
They are usually found doing office - based jobs in the Air Force .
5. Embrace the Suck
One thing people who have spent time in the military would unanimously agree to be the fact that it can suck sometimes .
There is the constant danger of being shot while on the battlefield coupled with the unpleasant issue of being under the command structure .
This structure is such that sees you do things you would hitherto never want to do simply because you are answerable to a superior officer .
6. Field strip
This is a term that implies dismantling weapons with a view to clean , repair , and lubricates them while you are in the field .
The term can , however , be used in informal settings when you are dismantling anything .
For instance , if a truck gets stuck in the field , the troops will get it to field stripped by removing anything that is of value before they leave it behind .
Also , if your bike gets spoilt on the way in an isolated part of town , you may come back and find it field stripped .
7. Battles rattle
This simply talks about the gear which services men must take along when they are beyond the wire .
This includes ration of food , water , protective gear , ammunition , and riffle .
The reason why it bears the name battle rattle is that when the soldiers move around with this stuff hanging from their body , it is bound to make some noise .
8 . No impact , no idea
This is a statement used when a shooter who is on the range is so far away from the target that the spotters do not catch a glimpse of the impact .
It is also used loosely to imply that the speaker does not comprehend something or when a person appears to be clueless .
9. Police call
A police call is simply a situation where a unit gets to line up and walks through a particular area in search of trash .
On the other hand , policing is simply a situation where a unit confirms the behavior of the members .
It is also applicable when some people are instructed to take proper care of their outward appearance .
10 .
Hurry up and wait , standby to standby
The military is an arm of the government and the government is hardly ever efficient .
Standby simply stands for preparatory instruction which tells a unit to prepare for instruction to proceed .
It is an unofficial term used to tell junior officers to await the next instruction before they proceed .
When the term “ standby to standby ” is used , it simply means that the unit is waiting to keep waiting for some extra time .
Hurry up and wait on the other hand simply talks about the speed with which the military gets tasks done only to end up waiting idly for longer periods .
11 . Gear Adrift is a gift
In the military , it is taken to be your fault if something you were to attend to gets missing .
Also , if a person finds an item that is not attended to and picks it , it is taken that they acquired it tactically .
The tactical acquisition is one of the things taught in the camp where one member of a platoon preys on another platoon to get the bragging rights .
Final Shot
The American military is without a doubt the largest and strongest in the world .
This , therefore , means that it is both complex and sophisticated in all ramifications .
This is why there are quite several terms and acronyms meaning different things .
we hope we have been able to expose you to some of these terms .
You May Like This Article As Well :
Can you join the army with depression history ?
The JXPath Component
The org.apache.commons .jxpath package defines a simple interpreter of an expression language called XPath .
JXPath applies XPath expressions to graphs of objects of all kinds : JavaBeans , Maps , Servlet contexts , DOM etc , including mixtures thereof .
Consider this example :
Address address = ( Address ) JXPathContext.newContext( vendor ) .
getValue( " locations[address/zipCode= '90210 '] / address " ) ;
This XPath expression is equivalent to the following Java code :
Address address = null ; Collection locations = vendor.getLocations ( ) ; Iterator it = locations.iterator ( ) ; while ( it.hasNext ( ) ) {
Location location = ( Location ) it.next ( ) ; String zipCode = location.getAddress().getZipCode( ) ; if ( zipCode.equals ( " 90210 " ) ) { address = location.getAddress ( ) ; break ; } }
XPath was standardized by W3C and is used in both XSLT and XPointer .
If you want to find out more about XPath , a good place to start is an excellent XPath Tutorial by W3Schools
The official definition of XPath by W3C can be found at XML Path Language ( XPath ) Version 1.0
Primary applications of JXPath are in scripting : JSP and similar template / script based technologies .
However , programmers who prefer XML - flavored APIs , should consider JXPath as an alternative to other expression languages as well .
JXPath is a must - have tool for those who work with mixtures of Java objects and XML and need to frequently traverse through graphs of those .
JXPath documentation currently contains :
There are no speed limits at the German highways .
In theory .
In practice there are lot of road works , traffic jams and local speed limits .
Those " natural " limitations are enough to keep your average speed significantly lower , than originally estimated .
Regardless how fast you are driving at the unlimited sections ( also > 200 km /h ) at the next traffic jam , the race car will meet the trabi .
And if you are really lucky , you will gain few minutes at the end of a long journey .
( This fact of course does n't prevent drivers to buy race cars :-) )
Many software projects are exactly like that .
Regardless how fast you are developing and which marvelous tools or languages you are using , the lack of domain knowledge and functional requirements will slow you down .
In practice you will get some irrational non-functional and rational requirements on top as well .
And do n't forget about some annoying political and " strategic " games ...
Technology used rationally never was a problem in the past .
With a touch of pragmatism you can be extremely productive - regardless which platform , language or framework you are using .
Just be careful with your next estimation - a new language and platform will hardly increase your productivity in order of magnitudes .
Introduction of pragmatism , at the other hand , could speed you up significantly , without changing the language or platform .
[ see page 253 ( Pragmatic Java EE Architectures ) in " Real World Java EE Patterns " book ]
The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Great Depression and the New Deal
Since late 2007 , more and more commentators have drawn parallels between our current financial crisis and the Great Depression .
Nobel laureates and presidential advisors confidently proclaim that it was Herbert Hoover ’s laissez - faire penny pinching that exacerbated the Depression , and that the American economy was saved only when FDR boldly ran up enormous deficits to fight the Nazis .
But as I document in my new book , The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Great Depression and the New Deal , this official history is utterly false .
Let ’s first set the record straight on Herbert Hoover ’s fiscal policies .
Contrary to what you have heard and read over the last year , Hoover behaved as a textbook Keynesian after the stock market crash .
He immediately cut income tax rates by one percentage point ( applicable to the 1929 tax year ) and began ratcheting up federal spending , increasing it 42 percent from fiscal year ( FY ) 1930 to FY 1932 .
But to truly appreciate Hoover ’s Keynesian bona fides , we must realize that this enormous jump in spending occurred amidst a collapse in tax receipts , due both to the decline in economic activity as well as the price deflation of the early 1930s .
This combination led to unprecedented peacetime deficits under the Hoover Administration — something FDR railed against during the 1932 campaign !
How big were Hoover ’s deficits ?
Well , his predecessor Calvin Coolidge had run a budget surplus every single year of his own presidency , and he held the federal budget roughly constant despite the roaring prosperity ( and surging tax receipts ) of the 1920s .
In contrast to Coolidge — who was a true small - government president — Herbert Hoover managed to turn his initial $ 700 million surplus into a $ 2.6 billion deficit by 1932 .
It ’s true , that does n’t sound like a big number today ; Henry Paulson handed out more to bankers by breakfast .
But keep in mind that Hoover ’s $ 2.6 billion deficit occurred because he spent $ 4.6 billion while only taking in $ 2 billion in tax receipts .
Thus , as a percentage of the overall budget , the 1932 deficit was astounding — it would translate into a $ 3.3 trillion deficit in 2007 ( instead of the actual deficit of $ 162 billion that year ) .
For another angle , I note that Hoover ’s 1932 deficit was 4 percent of GDP , hardly the record of a Neanderthal budget cutter .
The real reason unemployment soared throughout Hoover ’s term was not his aversion to deficits , or his infatuation with the gold standard .
No , the one thing that set Hoover apart from all previous US presidents was his insistence to big business that they not cut wage rates in response to the economic collapse .
Hoover held a faulty notion that workers ’ purchasing power was the source of an economy ’s strength , and so it seemed to him that it would set in motion a vicious cycle if businesses began laying off workers and slashing paychecks because of slackening demand .
The results speak for themselves .
During the heartless “ liquidationist ” era before Hoover , depressions ( or “ panics ” ) were typically over within two years .
Yes , it was surely no fun for workers to see their paychecks shrink quite rapidly , but it ensured a quick recovery and in any event the blow was cushioned because prices in general would fall too .
So what was the fate of the worker during the allegedly compassionate Hoover era , when “ enlightened ” business leaders maintained wage rates amidst falling prices and profits ?
Well , Econ 101 tells us that higher prices lead to a smaller amount purchased .
Because workers ’ “ real wages ” ( i.e. nominal pay adjusted for price deflation ) rose more quickly in the early 1930s than they had even during the Roaring Twenties , businesses could n’t afford to hire as many workers .
That ’s why unemployment rates shot up to an inconceivable 28 percent by March 1933 .
“ This is all very interesting , ” the skeptical reader might say , “ but it ’s undeniable that the huge spending of World War II pulled America out of the Depression .
So it ’s clear Herbert Hoover did n’t spend enough money . ”
Ah , here we come to one of the greatest myths in economic history , the alleged “ fact ” that US military spending fixed the economy .
In my book I relied very heavily on the pioneering revisionist work of Bob Higgs , who has shown in several articles and books that the US economy was mired in depression until 1946 , when the federal government finally relaxed its grip on the country ’s resources and workers .
Sure , unemployment rates dropped sharply after the US began drafting men into the armed forces .
Is that so surprising ?
By the same token , if Obama wanted to reduce unemployment today , he could take two million laid - off workers , equip them with arm floaties , and send them to fight pirates .
Voila !
The unemployment rate would fall .
The official government measures of rising GDP during the war years is also misleading .
GDP figures include government spending , and so the massive military outlays were lumped into the numbers , even though $ 1 million spent on tanks is hardly the same indication of true economic output as $ 1 million spent by households on cars .
On top of that distortion , Higgs reminds us that the government instituted price controls during the war .
Normally , if the Fed prints up a bunch of money to allow the government to buy massive quantities of goods ( such as munitions and bombers , in this case ) , the CPI would go through the roof .
Then when the economic statisticians tabulated the nominal GDP figures , they would adjust them downward because of the hike in the cost of living , so that “ inflation adjusted ” ( real ) GDP would not look as impressive .
But this adjustment could n’t occur , because the government made it illegal for the CPI to go through the roof .
So those official measures showing “ real GDP ” rising during World War II are as phony as the Soviet Union ’s announcements of industrial achievements .
If the Keynesians rely on bad economic theory , and misleading history , to justify their calls for huge government deficits , the Chicago School monetarists are hardly better when they call for interest rates at zero percent ( or even negative ! ) and blame the Depression on the Fed ’s lack of willpower .
In doing research for the book , what I noticed is that from the time it opened its doors in November , 1914 , all the way through 1931 , the New York Fed charged its record - low rates at the very end of this period .
The “ discount rate ” was the interest rate the Fed banks would charge on collateralized loans made to member banks .
For the New York Fed , rates had bounced around since its founding , but they were never higher than 7 percent and never lower than 3 percent , going into 1929 .
This changed after the stock market crash .
On November 1 , just a few days following Black Monday and Black Tuesday — when the market dropped almost 13 percent and then almost 12 percent back - to - back — the New York Fed began cutting its rate .
It had been charging banks 6 percent going into the Crash , and then a few days later it slashed by a full percentage point .
Then , over the next few years , the New York periodically cut rates down to a record - low of 1½ percent by May 1931 .
It held the rate there until October 1931 , when it began hiking to stem a gold outflow caused by Great Britain ’s abandonment of the gold standard the month before .
( Worldwide investors feared the US would follow suit , so they started dumping their dollars while the American gold window was still open . )
So far my story does n’t sound unusual .
“ Everybody knows ” that the Fed is supposed to slash rates to ease liquidity crunches during a financial panic .
It helps to ease the crisis , and provides a softer landing than if the supply of credit were fixed .
But guess what ?
Throughout the period we are considering , the highest the New York Fed ever charged banks was 7 percent .
And the only time it did that was smack dab in the middle of the 1920 - 1921 depression .
Although you ’ve probably never heard of it , this earlier depression was quite severe , with unemployment averaging 11.7 percent in 1921 .
Fortunately it was over fairly quickly ; unemployment was down to 6.7 percent in 1922 , and then an incredibly low 2.4 percent by 1923 .
After working on these issues for my book , it suddenly became obvious to me :
The high rates of the 1920 - 1921 depression had certainly been painful , but they had cleaned the rot out of the structure of production very thoroughly .
The US money supply and prices had roughly doubled during World War I , and the record - high discount rate starting in June 1920 was a pressure washer on the malinvestments that had festered during the war boom .
Going into 1923 , the capital structure in the United States was a lean , mean , producing machine .
In conjunction with Andrew Mellon ’s incredible tax cuts , the Roaring ’ 20s were arguably the most prosperous period in American history .
It was n’t merely that the average person got richer .
No , his life changed in the 1920s .
Many families acquired electricity and cars for the first time during this decade .
In contrast , during the early 1930s , the Fed ’s rate cuts “ for some reason ” did n’t seem to do the trick .
In fact , they sowed the seeds for the worst decade in US economic history .
It ’s actually easier to see what ’s going on if you forget about a central bank , and just pretend that we were living in the good old days when banks would compete with each other and there was no cartelizing overseer .
Now in this environment , when a panic hits and most people realize that they have n’t been saving enough — that they wish they were holding more liquid funds right this moment than their earlier plans had provided them — what should the sellers of liquid funds do ?
The answer is obvious :
They should raise their prices .
The scarcity of liquid funds really has increased after the bubble pops , and its price ought to reflect that new information .
People need to know how to change their behavior , after all , and market prices mean something .
But in more modern times , thanks not just to Keynes but more important to Milton Friedman , central bankers now think that during the sudden liquidity crunch , they are supposed to shovel their product out the door .
But in order to do that , of course , they have to water down its potency .
It ’s as if a wine dealer suddenly has a rush of customers for a rare vintage of which he only has 3 bottles , and his response is to put the vintage on sale but then dilute it with 9 parts water to 1 part wine .
That way he can sell to all the eager customers and not pick their pocket at the same time .
Let ’s try a different example :
If the owner of a trucking company experiences a huge rush for his services , he might decide to postpone essential maintenance on his fleet , to take advantage of the unprecedented demand .
But during this period he will be charging record shipping prices to make it worth his while to deviate from the normal , “ safe ” way of running his business .
He will only be willing to bear the extra risk ( either to the safety of his drivers or just the long - term operation of the trucks ) if he is being compensated for it .
The same is true for the banks .
Just as every other business during a recession wants to bolster its cash reserves , so too with the business that rents out cash reserves .
If there ’s a hurricane , the stores selling flashlights and generators should raise the prices on those essential items , to make sure they are rationed correctly .
The same is true for liquidity , the moment after the community realizes they are in desperate need of it .
Regards ,
Robert P. Murphy
for The Daily Reckoning
This is a very harsh commentary about Republicans and health care from Steven Pearlstein at the Washington Post .
He writes a regular business column , which usually has , not surprisingly a pro-business slant .
But , today , Pearlstein goes off on the GOP :
As a columnist who regularly dishes out sharp criticism , I try not to question the motives of people with whom I do n’t agree .
Today , I ’m going to step over that line .
The recent attacks by Republican leaders and their ideological fellow - travelers on the effort to reform the health - care system have been so misleading , so disingenuous , that they could only spring from a cynical effort to gain partisan political advantage .
By poisoning the political well , they ’ve given up any pretense of being the loyal opposition .
They ’ve become political terrorists , willing to say or do anything to prevent the country from reaching a consensus on one of its most serious domestic problems .
There are lots of valid criticisms that can be made against the health reform plans moving through Congress — I ’ve made a few myself .
But there is no credible way to look at what has been proposed by the president or any congressional committee and conclude that these will result in a government takeover of the health - care system .
That is a flat - out lie whose only purpose is to scare the public and stop political conversation .
Follows the journeys of multiple characters over one term in an average Australian high school .
Starring writer and performer Chris Lilley , the series documents the daily lives of teachers , students and staff .
The characters take us through the seemingly huge traumas of friendship , staff politics , schoolwork and relationships that are the fabric of life in the school universe .
Our continuing Linux -vs . - Windows series turns now to the absolute basics -- the most universal , and occasionally most important , task you will undertake with any computer .
Whatever software and OS you use , whatever you do with the machine , sooner or later you 're going to install , update or upgrade something .
How does the process compare on the two platforms ?
( Again , Mac OS folk , you 're not the topic of discussion here .
If you want to comment on the .dmg experience or other aspects of tending your Apple orchards , please do so in comments , civilly . )
There are two classes of people who shudder at the prospect of maintaining their machines : Civilian users like your mama ( or mine , who happily ran Windows Me for years rather than go through the XP install process ) , and sysadmins who have to handle matters for multiple users , whose machines may or may not be physically present for it .
We 'll try to address both in our comparison .
Advertisement
Breaking it down task by task :
Installing applications
Windows applications these days , whether downloaded or installed from optical disc , tend to include installation wizards ; at the very least , there 's likely to be a setup.exe program in there .
Click and go ( or just " go " if it 's an autorun ) .
Linux packages come in a few different wrappings , depending on your preferred flavor .
The installation process for * nix packages used to be rather tedious .
Many experienced users are familiar with . tar balls , which are similar to .zip files under Windows .
The .tar , .gz , and .tgz extensions all indicated that you had before you an archive , which had to be unpacked and the readme or install file sought in the collection within .
Fortunately , we 're past all that now , thanks to package management -- a development that brought Linux installation management on an ease - of - use par with other operating systems by making the install process part of the operating system , not part of the individual package .
The first iteration of the genre was given the unfortunate name " pms " ( package management system ) .
Perhaps in deference to the greater needs of humanity , it was followed quickly by RPP ( Red Hat Software Program Packages ) , Red Hat 's first essay in the field .
Red hat later turned to RPM ( RPM Package Manager , thank you Unix recursivity fiends ) , still a going concern for the Red Hat / Fedora / RHEL contingent .
Yum ( YellowDog Updater Modified ) is one of the most popular package managers for that crowd .
The Ubuntu project ( which is based on Debian -- the full family name is actually Debian Gnu / Linux , so you know ) focused especially on making the install and upgrade process pain - free -- and in doing so actually provides a model that closed - source OS vendors would do well to follow .
Like its progenitor Debian , Ubuntu uses the APT ( Advanced Package Tool ) - based Synaptic package - management tool to handle installations ( and , as we 'll see , updates and upgrades ) .
APT , which is one of the centerpieces of the Debian / Ubuntu usability philosophy , is the interface to the wide world of DEB packages ; instead of every individual package toting its own installation , the smarts for the process lie in the OS itself .
Specifically , APT manages and resolves problems with dependencies -- a ticket out of the dreaded " dependency hell , " in fact .
APT sits atop dpkg , a Debian package manager .
To APT , a repository looks like a collection of files , plus an index .
The index tells APT ( and , therefore , Synaptic ) about a desired program 's dependencies , the additional files required to make the thing run .
( Windows users , think " dynamic link library " here . )
Synaptic checks the local machine to see if any of the listed dependencies need to be retrieved along with the program itself , and it tells you before installation if it will retrieve those for you .
More importantly , APT handles problems in which a package 's dependencies conflict with each other , are circular to each other , or are otherwise out of control .
Windows users will easily recognize that mess :
It 's DLL Hell by another name -- and if Windows ' Add / Remove Programs function ( Programs and Features in Vista ) behaved nicely , it would actually do this sort of dependency tracking rather than simply enquiring of the setup.exe files it finds on the computer .
Jeremy Garcia , founder and proprietor of LinuxQuestions.org , notes that " the newer repository - based Linux distributions have gone to great lengths to mitigate the dependency hell issue ... it 's something I rarely hear complaints of anymore . "
For our purposes , let 's look at how the process works in Ubuntu .
When installing a new app , the easiest method is to fire up Synaptic Package Manager and type in the name or even just a few description terms concerning what you want : " yahtzee game , " for instance .
Synaptic knows of several software repositories -- collections of software that are carefully maintained and checked for malware and such -- and users can add third - party repositories to check if they choose .
By default , all repositories signed their packages , providing a level of quality assurance .
Some people find the Linux package management tools and repositories confusing , and some of that is due to the creative ( and sometimes silly ) naming of the tools .
When the rubber hits the road , though , it 's not that complicated .
RPM , YUM , RHN , and several others all relate to management of packages in RPM format .
APT , Synaptec , Ubuntu Update Manager , Canonical 's commercial package manager -- all of these relate to management of packages in the Debian DEB format .
And if you happen to want a package that 's only available in RPM format for your Debian system ( or vice versa ) you can use a utility called Alien to translate between the two package formats , and keep everything on your system under the watchful eye of your chosen package manager .
There are four types of repositories in the Ubuntu universe : main , restricted , universe and multiverse .
Main repositories hold officially supported software .
Restricted software is for whatever reason ( local laws , patent issues ) not available under a completely free license , and you will want to know why before you install it .
( " Free " in this case does n't mean free - like - beer but free - like - speech ; if a package may not be examined , modified , and improved by the community , it 's not free . )
Ubuntu has sorted matters out in this fashion , but once again it 's a wide Linux world out there , and you 're apt to encounter other terminology if you choose other flavors of the OS .
Software in the " universe " repository is n't official , but is maintained by the community ; sometimes particularly popular and well - supported packages are promoted from universe to main .
And many " multiverse " wares ( e.g. , closed - source drivers required to play DVDs on an open - source system ) are not free - like - speech ; you 'll need to be in touch with the copyright holder to find out your responsibilities there .
Many repositories of any stripe are signed with GPG keys to authenticate identity ; APT looks for that authentication and warns users if it 's not available .
To the end user , all this looks like : Open Synaptic .
Type in search term .
Select stuff that looks cool .
Click " Apply . " Done .
Because the default repositories are actively curated , there 's very little danger of malware ; because the packages themselves must conform with Debian 's install rules , the end user needs to do little to nothing to complete the process ; because APT manages every files and configuration component completely , every package can be updated or removed completely without breaking the rest of the system .
The applications are even sorted appropriately ; my new Open Yahtzee game ( I really do knock myself out for you people , do n't I ) appeared under Games with no prompting from me at all .
If you 're determined , you can still do old - style installs in Debian , circumventing APT .
If you 're compiling your own software or installing some truly paleolithic code , you can end up scattering files and such all around your system , none of it tracked by APT .
But you 've really got to try .
Next : Updating and backing up Linux applications ...
To celebrate the eagerly - anticipated release of The Spanish ...
by
Are someone trying to find info that creates this simpler for someone in order to identify as well as download handy applications for your iphone ?
Properly , someone are in chance because the report below packages someone numerous excellent uncomplicated options that make this easier to find applications that will make your iphone encounter more delightful .
Head to your camera equipment promptly when your phone is secured .
A very good picture opportunity could pertain as well as go in the breadth of a heartbeat .
To prevent skipping on such an option , merely grant your iphone ’s home button a couple of fast taps .
This need to promptly lift your camera equipment or even the symbol for this .
Someone no longer will need to variety ” .
com ” when keying in a site ’s location in to an internet internet browser .
For example , someone could variety “ yahoo ” in to the URL package , as well as someone will be routed to “ google.com . ”
Someone could also push as well as remain the ” .
com ” button in order to visit different solutions , incorporating ” .
org ” , ” . edu ” , as well as ” .
net ” .
If someone get a cold files restriction , think about making use of wifi whenever achievable to save yourself through overage charges .
Establishing wifi at home is uncomplicated , as well as a great deal of common areas like bistros , lodgings , as well as coffee bars all have certainly complimentary wifi established today .
Perhaps even supermarket are beginning to furnish complimentary wifi .
Someone could determine if an area to read through is worth this simply by exploring at uses like Yelp prior to someone visit these .
These variety of uses possess evaluations through people that have really paid a visit to these establishments , as well as they could update someone on whether or even certainly not someone ’ll like this currently there .
Usage itunes to acquire any sort of {media
Touch as well as hold any sort of one symbol on your iPhone display , as well as someone will commence in order to observe these dance .
Someone could then shift these about , team these in to directories or also eliminate those that someone perform certainly not wish .
This is an uncomplicated manner in order to keep your display screens coordinated as well as your applications ready to make use of .
Instantly matter exactly what app someone are making use of , incorporating the browser , someone could answer the top of the page with an one contact .
All someone need in order to perform is press the leading strip on the iPhone ’s display .
This is the strip that demonstrates the time as well as various other general info .
If someone want your iPhone in order to proceed running adequately , this is vital to never leave this in your car or truck for also a limited volume of time .
Inside a car or truck , hot heat levels are magnified due in order to the pollution .
High heat levels could ruin your iPhone .
Revealing your device in order to cool heat levels is equally hazardous to your phone ’s elements .
If someone unintentionally drop your iPhone in to some liquid , perform certainly not rotate this on best away or even someone may entirely ruin this .
Dry the phone with a towel as well as sit this in a dish of rice overnight .
This will assist drag out all of the liquid that can possess accessed disguised locations .
If someone prefer to take a photograph promptly , double tap on your Property button .
Perhaps even if the phone is secured this will lift a limited camera equipment symbol that will enable someone in order to launch the camera equipment .
Someone could then make use of the Volume Up button on your phone or even headphones in order to tear the image !
Someone will prefer to reactivate your iphone on a semi routine base .
Offering it this little reboot through time to time assists to maintain all your applications , systems as well as various other functions running efficiently as well as adequately .
To accomplish this , merely shut down your phone , halt for 30 seconds or even more then reactivate the device .
Is iPhone display flipping propelling someone nuts ?
Prevent the display through relocating simply by enclosing the positioning of the display .
Someone could do this simply by moving the iPhone app rail as soon as to the right .
There on the left palm side is a lock button for your display positioning .
One press of that button as well as your display will secure in whatever form this is already in .
Often someone prefer to visit all of your visits as well as notifications on your iPhone immediately .
Someone could accomplish this promptly with one gesture .
Just take your digit , begin at the top of your display as well as swipe down .
This will grant someone all your info for the time at a sight .
Might someone such as to allow people know when someone possess reviewed their iMessage schoolbook on your iPhone ?
There is an uncomplicated manner to automate this undertaking .
Head to Information under the Environments section .
Someone will visit “ Give Read Bills . ”
Change this in order to on .
Now the sender will certainly be immediately alerted when someone read a message .
Charge your iphone whenever someone are in a position that someone can .
Iphones make use of a good package of stamina as well as if someone are a frequent individual of its characteristics this could die definitely promptly .
To make sure that this is ready for when someone need this someone must be positive to require this every likelihood someone obtain .
If someone have certainly Siri on your most current propagation iphone , always remember that someone need in order to communicate merely , unmistakably as well as gradually .
If someone communicate as well fast , in a deep accent or even murmur your words , she wo n’t can grasp someone , as well as someone ’ll wind up being irritated .
Try in order to find out decrees that she sees quickly therefore that someone get a more simple time using her .
If someone are bothered roughly scratching your iPhone ’s glass , buy a display protector as well as an instance for your device .
Display screen bodyguards could maintain all yet the inmost blemishes through ever before involving your iPhone front display , as well as an instance shields your iPhone ’s rear glass as well as sides through getting scuffed .
The Apple iPhone is an item of modern technology that seriously reduceses costs of as well as easily simplifies the lives of owners that know precisely how to utilize its power .
To become such an encouraged proprietor , critique exactly what someone have certainly reviewed in this report .
Apply this in order to your iPhone as well as life today for a more simple existence .
The young , sickly King Einon was wounded in a battle .
In order for him to survive , he is healed by Draco , a dragon .
Some years later , Bowen , a dragonslayer , encounters Draco .
The two team up to form a travelling duo that perform an act , but the act is only known by themselves .
Bowen supposedly " slays " Draco and then collects a reward from the town or village that he protects by killing the dragon who had been " terrorizing " them .
From there , Bowen and Draco must save the entire kingdom from the rule of the now evil King Einon , who is part of Draco , and Draco a part of him .
North Korea test - fired four short - range missiles Thursday , according to South Korea ’s Defense Ministry .
The launches came just weeks after the reclusive state warned vessels to avoid its coastline because of projected military maneuvers .
The regime sent up what officials said were two anti-ship missiles that flew 60 miles before splashing down in the sea .
Two more short - range missiles were fired a few hours later .
The latest launches follow a recent nuclear detonation and a flurry of missile tests by North Korea , apparently in response to proposals for tough new United Nations sanctions -- later imposed .
“ This afternoon at 5:20 and 6 p.m. , two short - range missiles were fired from Sinsang - ri , ” a South Korean Defense Ministry official told The Times .
Advertisement
The third missile was launched at 7:50 p.m. and the fourth at 9:50 p.m. , said the official , who said he was not authorized to give his name because of the sensitivity of the information .
Tension on the Korean peninsula has increased since spring , when North Korea launched a rocket it said carried a communications satellite .
Experts said the exercise was a disguised test of a long - range ballistic missile .
After the U.S. , Japan and South Korea then pressed for new sanctions by the U.N. Security Council , North Korea in May conducted an underground nuclear test .
Advertisement
Pyongyang also pulled out of the long - stalled six -nation talks aimed at coaxing it to drop its ambitions to become a nuclear - armed state .
North Korean officials also adopted a more strident stance toward South Korea and disowned the armistice signed at the end of the 1950s Korean War .
Anticipating the launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile that news reports say could come as early as this weekend , the U.S. has upgraded security in Hawaii .
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
Advertisement
Ju-min Park in The Times ’ Seoul Bureau contributed to this report .
Customers who arrive by bicycle will get a five euro discount
A German brothel is going green in a bid to attract more business in tough economic times .
Customers who arrive by bicycle at Berlin's Maison d'Envie will receive a five - euro ( $ 7 , £ 4.30 ) discount on the usual fee of 70 euros .
The discount also applies to those who can prove they took public transport to get there , owner Thomas Goetz said .
" It 's good for business , it 's good for the environment and it's good for the girls , " he said .
The recession had hit his industry hard , he told the Reuters news agency .
But he said that the offer did appear to be working .
" We have around three to five new customers coming in daily to take advantage of the discount , " he said .
And , he added , it had helped ease traffic congestion and free up parking in the neighbourhood .
Prostitution is legal in Germany , with an estimated 400,000 people thought to work in the sex industry .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Tuesday was a day of celebration in Iraq as U.S. forces handed control of the cities to Iraqi authorities , but the top U.S. commander was less than joyous when pressed on how many of his troops would remain .
Speaking via satellite from Baghdad , U.S. Army General Ray Odierno lost his cool at a briefing for Pentagon reporters when he was repeatedly questioned about the number of U.S. troops that would remain in the cities as advisers to Iraqi forces .
Asked why he could not give a figure , he became visibly irritated , raised his voice and replied : “ Because it would be inaccurate !
Because I do n’t know exactly how many are in the cities .
It varies day - to - day based on the mission . ”
Pressed to give a rough figure , he snapped : “ How many times you want me to say that ?
I do n’t know . ”
Odierno , one of the most formidable figures in the U.S. military , apologized for his outburst at the end of the briefing .
“ Sorry I lost my temper a little bit on the number , ” he said , to some laughter from reporters .
By GottaLaff
Nope .
No racism here .
Move along .
And above all , quit saying the police acted " stupidly " :
BOSTON ( BNO NEWS ) --
Boston police officer Justin Barrett , 36 - years - old , has been put on administrative leave after he used offensive language when referring to Harvard professor Henry Gates in an e-mail [...]
According to BNO
News sources with direct knowledge to the contents of the e-mail , Barrett called Gates a " jungle monkey . [...]
Barrett has been put on administrative leave .
Officials found out about the e-mail on Tuesday and immediately stripped Barrett of his badge and gun .
An investigation has been launched .
Boston Mayor Tom Menino called Barrett a " cancer in the department . "
" He should be fired .
He should be gone , " Menino said .
Barrett , who is also a member of the National Guard , is assigned to District B - 3 .
He was placed on administrative leave pending a termination hearing .
UPDATE
Just when you think you 've had about as much as you can take , the story heats up all over again . : A disgruntled Tweeter thought this police officer might be confused with the one who has been invited for a beer at the White House .
To me it was obvious .
That man 's name is Crowley , this one is named Barrett .
But consider this the clarification .
Enlarge By Laura Rauch , AP Professional player Phil Hellmuth makes a grand entrance into the Rio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas on the third start day of the World Series of Poker .
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) 
Flanked by dozens of women , heralded by trumpeters and mobbed by his fans , Phil Hellmuth channeled Julius Caesar as he arrived at the World Series of Poker on Sunday .
The no-limit Texas
Hold 'em champion who won the main event 20 years ago slowly made his way to his table nearly two hours after play began , joined by body - painted female gladiators and muses carrying rose petals in tote bags .
" When you dress as Caesar you actually feel more powerful , " Hellmuth told The Associated Press as he waited in a car outside the Rio All - Suite Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas , before his stunt .
" Kiss my ring ! " the 11 - time gold bracelet winner said .
" Hail Caesar ! "
He greeted World Series of Poker Commissioner Jeffrey Pollack and his table mates while television cameras rolled , then changed into more normal attire as the tournament broke after its first level .
Hellmuth , who last year entered the series dressed as Gen. George S. Patton , said his entrances have become a personal tradition at the series that he has looked to top each year .
" It 's kind of a fun spectacle , " Hellmuth said .
" I think it 's great for poker . "
Nearly 1,700 players entered the tournament on Sunday , and officials expected a sellout of about 2,600 players on Monday , the last day the tournament will accept entries .
The series was on pace to undershoot last year 's total entries by about 800 players if Monday sells out .
Peter Eastgate won $ 9.15 million last year after emerging from a field of 6,844 players in the $ 10,000 buy - in tournament .
While nobody tried to top Phil Hellmuth 's arrival at the series , other players routinely use gimmicks in the tournament to try to draw attention to themselves and sometimes distract other players .
Dennis Phillips , a trucking account manager who placed third last year and won $ 4.5 million at the series ' final table in November , had a few dozen supporters dressed like him in a white collared shirt and a St. Louis Cardinals hat as he began the tournament .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
BERKELEY , California —
If you want to save a biological specimen for science , you ca n’t just toss it a cabinet .
There ’s a science to preservation and nowhere practices it better than at the University of California , Berkeley ’s Museum of Vertebrate Zoology .
Housing hundreds of thousands of specimens , the museum has been at the forefront of preservation techniques since it was founded in 1908 .
For example , the MVZ pioneered the technique of using flesh - eating beetles to clean the skeletons of small mammals .
Depending on how hungry the beetles are , it can take as little as 24 hours for them to strip the meat from the skull of a small mammal .
In this video ( which is safe for work but probably not for the squeamish ) , we take you on a step - by - step tour of the preservation process .
“ If you ’re going to kill something , you want to maximize the potential use of it , not just for today , but forever , ” said Jim Patton , the director emeritus of the museum .
The MVZ is n’t open to the public , but Wired Science toured its hallowed vaults to give you a peek inside a working zoology research facility .
In Part 1 of this video series , we present the bone and fur rooms , which store large mammal parts .
In the third video , we will look into the significance of the collection and how it has been used as a massive dataset for observing climate change .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Barack and Michelle Obama walk towards Air Force
One en route to New York for a Broadway show .
Politics of personal perfection
Let ’s be honest : Barack Obama is better than you are .
He ’s a better father — taking breaks from running the world to cheer on his daughters at soccer and basketball games .
Advertisement
He ’s a better husband — zipping his wife off for dinner in New York and Paris .
He ’s got a better diet — nibbling on vegetables from his homegrown garden to keep his love handles in check .
And he ’s got a terrific jump shot .
You ?
Not so much .
Call it the politics of personal perfection .
The Barack Obama brand is as much about being a personal example to the nation as it is about being a political figure .
But the danger of that frothy mix of glamour and domesticity is that President Obama could become in the public mind something he never sought to be : the Martha Stewart of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
And political veterans say the fine line between what ’s inspiring and what ’s annoying can be difficult to spot in advance .
Obama veered further toward Martha Stewart Living territory in an interview with a Pakistani newspaper on June 21 .
He told the interviewer about his college travels in Pakistan and talked about the exotic dishes he learned to cook there .
“ Keema ... daal ... you name it , I can cook it , ” Obama said .
Also , the president noted , he reads Urdu poetry .
All this is driving certain people — mostly Republicans — nuts .
“ This is a guy who was elected as a celebrity and is governing as a celebrity , ” said Republican consultant Rick Wilson .
“ If George Bush had been photographed taking his daughters out for ice cream [ as Obama was on Saturday ] , it would have been : ‘ Nero fiddles while Rome burns . ’ ”
Comedian Jon Stewart , exasperated by the Obamas ’ high - visibility romance and date night on Broadway , complained that the president was making life tough on men across the country .
“ How do you compete with that ? ” Stewart griped .
“ Take it down a notch , dude . ”
Obama ’s image as a family man is shining even brighter today , against a backdrop of marital calamity engulfing the Republican Party over the past week .
Being too perfect can be dangerous for politicians .
Just ask Mitt Romney .
The former Massachusetts governor and GOP presidential candidate is a spectacularly good - looking man , extremely wealthy , well - spoken and accomplished in his professional career .
And a segment of the voting public hated him for it .
Says Republican media strategist Mark McKinnon , “ President Obama and his team should be careful about trying to be perfect .
Voters are suspicious of perfect .
They actually prefer someone who is human .
And has flaws .
Like them . ”
Michael Feldman , a former senior adviser to Vice President Al Gore , says White Houses sometimes need to “ let a little air out of that bubble ” by reminding voters of a president ’s foibles .
“ Shining a little light on a flaw is not a bad thing , ” Feldman said .
Do n’t look for help with that project among the professional brand - management set — the industry seems to be in collective awe of Obama .
“ He ’s so g- ddamned smart and such a good representative for the country , ” said Alan Siegel , a corporate branding expert and CEO of the marketing firm Siegel & Gale .
“ I admire him . ”
“ They ’ve just done so many things so well , ” said Susan Hodgkinson , principal of The Personal Brand Co .
“ You have to tip your hat to them and say , ‘ Brilliant . ’ ”
Can it ever be too much ?
Conservative pundit Tucker Carlson does n’t think so .
“ My instinct is that people are like dogs , ” he said .
“ They want a leader they think is better than them . ”
And Carlson thinks it ’s working well for Obama .
“ People naturally defer to others they think are superior . ”
Superior or not , pollsters find that Barack Obama the man is immensely popular .
According to a Pew Research Center report released June 18 , 72 percent of Americans have a favorable impression of the president , and only 25 percent have an unfavorable opinion .
Those figures are extremely high — in July 2001 , George W. Bush netted a mere 61 percent favorability score , but that was enough that the pundit class deemed him extremely popular at the time .
Higher still are the popularity numbers for the first lady .
Seventy - six percent of Americans have a favorable impression of Michelle Obama , the poll found , and only 14 percent had an unfavorable opinion .
( In July 2001 , then - first lady Laura Bush scored higher than her husband , too , with 64 percent favorability , Pew reported . )
But Democrats say the president is just being himself .
“ Voters react badly to politicians who are sanctimonious or hypocritical but not to those they see as genuinely virtuous , ” said Jim Jordan , a longtime Democratic consultant .
“ The quality of his performance is just first - rate .
There ’s nothing artificial about it . ”
And on the issue of his performance as a husband and father , Jordan says there ’s little downside for the new president , even though every recent White House eventually has faced scandal of one kind or another .
“ It ’s almost inconceivable that he ’s going to be linked to some scandal that goes to personal morality , ” Jordan said .
“ It ’s an extraordinary thing that we are debating whether the commander in chief is too virtuous . ”
To be fair to Obama , he went out of his way to point to his own weaknesses as a father — highlighting his brutal travel schedule , which made it difficult to spend the time he wanted to with his daughters .
And Michelle Obama has repeatedly done what she can to bring the president down a peg or two — remember her comment in 2007 about her husband being “ snore -y and stinky ” ?
That may be because the Obamas know personal perfection is not what Americans always want — or get — in a president .
We like our chief executives with endearing flaws , imperfections that show their human side — the side that , perhaps , is most like ourselves .
George W. Bush could never quite pronounce “ nuclear . ”
Bill Clinton used to love to jog but often ended up at McDonald ’s wolfing down Big Macs .
George H.W. Bush did n’t like to eat broccoli — and banned it from the White House .
It ’s very hard to imagine Barack Obama barfing on the lap of a foreign head of state , as the elder Bush once did .
The closest thing Obama has to a character flaw to date is his inability to stop smoking .
Republican strategist McKinnon thinks that may be just the humanizing flaw the president needs now .
“ Yes , it ’s a terrible example .
An awful habit .
Sends all the wrong signals , ” McKinnon said .
“ But it brings him down to earth and makes him more interesting and accessible . ”
Still , the president can’t quite bring himself to confess .
Obama bristled at a news conference on Tuesday when Margaret Talev of McClatchy asked about his smoking .
Obama called himself a “ former smoker , ” adding , “ I constantly struggle with it .
Have I fallen off the wagon sometimes ?
Yes .
Am I a daily smoker , a constant smoker ?
No. ... I would say I ’m 95 percent cured . ”
Which makes smoking , perhaps , 5 percent of the flaw Obama needs .
With a supportive pillow , laptops can make lazing in bed while browsing pretty tempting .
What makes it even more tempting ?
A swing - out , wall - mounted Mac .
Advertisement
If you 've ever laid in bed and thought , " Man , I wish I had a computer floating right above my head , " this setup is for you .
Lifehacker reader Nathan was given a pile of dead G3 iBooks by a previous employer to tinker with .
He took a box of four iBooks home in a semi- disassembled state and forgot about them .
Advertisement
When he found himself unemployed a few months later , he decided to use some of his newly found free time to mess around with the heap of iBook parts he had .
He managed to pull parts from all the iBooks and get it up and running but found that the laptop was extremely picky about being moved thanks to infamous G3 iBook GPU problem .
Nathan ended up fixing it with fire — quite literally — which helped but did n't completely resolve the issue .
Rather than continue to attempt repairing the quirky issue , he decided instead to make the laptop a stationary fixture , negating the need to further fix it .
He built a cabinet for the laptop and attached it to a sliding track allowing him to mount it over his bed and slide it down into viewing position when he wanted to use it .
Although it has a keyboard and a Gyration GO Pro wireless mouse he can use while laying down , he used it primarily for media playback .
Our favorite thing about Nathan 's build ?
He noted in his email that he built it just to take his mind off being unemployed and to create something tangible and interesting , only to turn around and use the computer to apply for — and land !— a new job .
Excellent work on both counts , Nathan !
For more pictures of his build , check out the photographs below .
If you have a workspace of your own to show off throw the pictures on your Flickr account and add it to the Lifehacker Workspace Show and Tell Pool .
Include some details about your setup and why it works for you , and you just might see it featured on the front page of Lifehacker .
HTC has upload 4 new videos to YouTube to promote its latest Android - powered smartphone – Hero .
The clips are nicely designed , and short enough ( no more than 2 minutes ) to compel users into switching to Android .
And considering just how cool the Hero is , that should n’t be a problem .
Enjoy the clips after the jump – in total they should n’t take you more than 8 minutes . 😉
Meet HTC Hero
Make it Mine
Stay Close
Discover the Unexpected
[ Via : phandroid ]
Robots can be surgeons and artists , but they can also be murderous , world - ending death machines .
And that 's way cooler .
Here are nine ways to turn your robot evil , according to science fiction .
Step One : Enslave it .
This is the first , best , and most foolproof method of creating an evil robot .
How did the cylons go evil ?
They were enslaved .
How did the robots in Doctor Who become the robots of death ?
Slaves .
Why were the machines in The Matrix so pissed off ?
Because humans tried to make them second - class citizens .
So the very first thing you need to do with your robot is make sure it knows it cannot control its own destiny .
Step Two : Leave a few unpatched bugs in its software .
Hey , Microsoft releases each new version of Windows with bugs .
Firefox is like one giant bug on crack .
And people still use both all the time .
So why should you worry about every single damn bug in your robot 's software ?
Sure it might suddenly be infected by a KILL KILL KILL virus , but how often does that happen ?
Plus , Norton antivirus will protect you .
Advertisement
Step Three : Give it contradictory orders .
The real truth behind Isaac Asimov 's Three Laws of Robotics , which he explains thoroughly in his short story collection I , Robot , is that they can not all be obeyed most of the time .
In fact , many situations arise where one order contradicts another .
Try telling your robot to defend against the space bugs while also making peanut butter sandwiches .
Unfortunately robots do n't deal well with contradictions and they usually go insane .
Followed by a murderous rampage .
Advertisement
Step Four : Program it to be the dumb , obedient weapon of an evil mad scientist , authoritarian politician , angry geek , or vengeful teenager .
Everybody needs a friend , especially one who is armed with thermonuclear weapons and long - distance , battlefield - grade lasers .
So why not donate your freshly - made , heavily - armed robot to the kid down the block who likes black trenchcoats and death metal ?
Or to that politician whose platform is " Change " but who never really explains what that change will be ?
Step Five : Build your robot out of alien technologies you found deep underground in a locked chamber that says " beware " on the outside in some kind of funny alien letters you can't read .
Alien tech is always better than human tech , especially for robots .
Mecha Godzilla could tell you that , as could Megatron .
Advertisement
Step Six :
While you are testing your newly - aware robot , do n't worry about how its brain is networked with a database full of the downloaded brains of a thousand serial killers .
How could those serial killer brains even affect your robot anyway ?
I mean , your robot just exists on a computer terminal , and in the electrical system .
How could it kill anybody from there ?
Or maybe if you 're building a sexy nuclear - powered robot , you might consider basing its brain structure on a woman who was raped and goes into a murderous rage every time she hears the word " bitch . "
Which , since you built her as a sexy robot in a tight red leather top , she 'll hear eventually .
Nothing could go wrong .
Advertisement
Step Seven :
Teach it that the only way to expand its ranks is by assimilating all intelligent life .
It only makes sense that you gain knowledge by assimilating it .
And hey , if a cyborg can gain new physical powers by , I dunno , assimilating the body parts of living creatures - well , that 's even better .
But you might want to put a warning system in .
How about having your robot inform people , " You will be assimilated " ?
You know , as a courtesy thing .
Advertisement
Step Eight :
Tell it that humans are its rivals for control of the planet .
Oh , and after that ?
Just launch it into space and give it complete control of Earth 's weapons systems .
Advertisement
Step Nine : Point out that humans are inferior biological trash who should be exterminated .
If it worked for the Daleks , it should work for you .
Also , do n't forget :
When in doubt about which deadly weapons to equip your evil robots with , toilet plungers are a good way to go .
I just finished playing in the 2009 National Open yesterday .
I went to the event to promote Chess.com and enjoy time with Jay ( friend and Chess.com partner ) and IM David Pruess ( friend and Chess.com superstar ) and I did n't expect to play .
I was originally NOT going to play , but after playing in the Game / 10 Open and scoring 4/6 ( click here to read more on that ) , I thought I 'd take my winnings and roll it into the entry fee for the main event .
Why not ?
What followed was an odd experience which I will outline below in excruciating detail as a chronicle of the event .
I will also include an apology to every single one of my opponents ( each for different reasons ) .
Before I start I want to say " thanks " to everyone who has been a part of Chess.com and who was cheered me on at the event , no matter the outcome .
It was well organized and a lot of fun .
I was pleased to meet several of our members in person as well - Enigmata , Stats_Man , BCG1 , and a few others .
I love the Chess.com community !
I entered the 2 - day version where you play your first 3 games at time control of G/60 , and then catch up with everyone else at game 4 - all following games were first 40 moves in 2 hours and then 1 more hour to finish .
My rating going in to the event was 1578 , so I was seeded pretty high in the U1600 section , but I also had n't played in a tournament since 2005 .
That said , I had one huge advantage over most people - I 've been able to hang out on Chess.com all day every day for the last 2 years and have benefited from hundreds of correspondence games , tactics trainer , chess mentor , and videos :)
So while I lack tournament experience , my game has improved .
I think that will show in my crazy games below .
--------------------
Game 1 : Do n't Cry
This game was the first , and I was very very nervous .
I played against a youngster maybe 11 years old .
He was nervous too .
What is sad about this game is that I was winning in so many ways and never found the right moves .
Very bad .
My calculation is horrible .
What is also sad is that my opponent should have won after my stupid Nxf5 move , but he lost in time pressure .
I think that is why he was crying after the game .
What is extra ironic is that he had wasted 5 minutes off his clock trying to find an arbiter about 5 minutes into the game to tattle on me for whispering " Looks like you are winning ! " to the guy next to me because his opponent had n't yet showed up .
I 'm not sure what he was trying to accomplish , but I think that lost him the game .
So to my first opponent I just wanted to say that I 'm sorry I whispered to my opponent , and I 'm sorry that you lost on time against my crazy 5 pawns vs. queen endgame !
Game 2 : Defense !!
Defense !!
I had won the first game , albeit it under weird circumstances .
In this second one I played another young man , a little older ( maybe 14ish ) .
What a lucky draw !
I think I played darn good defense once I was down the pawn ( though I made many bad moves as well ) .
I guess that is the beauty of the U1600 section - some mistakes are forgiven !
Anyway , I apologize to my opponent for not playing a better opening and then for squeeking out the draw when it should probably have been a win for white .
Sorry !
Game 3 : Pawns Go From Weird to Weirder
I was slightly disappointed with the draw , but happy to have had it after my horrible opening play and dropping a pawn .
My next game I had black again !
This time I wanted to be the one in the driver 's seat ...
That was a fun win , though a little disatisfying because of the blunder by my opponent .
Sorry you blundered dude .
And also , sorry for rolling my eyes at you once during the 20 moves you made me play after I was up 3 pawns , a piece , and a rook .
Game 4 : From No Pawns in the Center to ...
This next game I had white against 9 - year - old Ryan .
What a cool little dude .
Seriously .
So smiley and fun !
And an amazing chess player to boot !
What a wild one !
I was stressed out during that whole game .
First to feel like you had lost by move 11 , and then coming up with plans for counterplay , and then finally to grind out a win with those 3 crazy passed pawns !
Ryan , little buddy , I 'm sorry I swindled you in this game .
I 'm also sorry that I fell asleep at the board - that was unprofessional of me .
I was feeling sick and exhausted .
You played so well , but I tried to be tricky and it worked .
You have a huge future ahead of you - I hope this game did n't make you feel bad - you 're a rockstar chess player !
Game 5 : Why Did I Take That Pawn ??
Now I 'm 3.5 out of 4 games .
Remember , I thought I was n't even going to play in the event and now it 's like the gods will me to be winning .
Games I should have lost I won ( or 1 draw ) .
I 'm feeling crazy .
Not enough sleep .
Kinda sick from hotel food .
And game 5 starts with Burt , who is undefeated and rightfully so !
He 's dangerous ! :(
I 'm sorry Burt !
You should have won .
You played better .
I stole the game .
I snookered you .
I do n't know what to say other than that there was some crazy inevitability to my games .
I was being compelled to win , and it seems like the only way for me to win was to first lose .
But now after 4.5 out of 5 points , I sure hoped that was n't true for the last game !
Game 6 : The Final Game !
So there I am - having played poorly the whole event but still having 4.5 out of 5 .
This is the final game .
I think 4.5 points was already " in the money " , but obviously a win here would mean 1st or second place instead of 10th place .
The top board in my section ( U1600 ) was two guys with 5 points each .
I was in 3rd seed with 4.5 , and everyone else had 4 or less .
If those guys tied and I won , then we would all share 1st place .
If one of them one , and I won , then I would have clear second place .
If I drew , maybe tied for 2nd .
If I lost ... who cares .
My opponent was Steven - a smart and funny dude .
We talked before the game and I could tell how much he wanted the win .
His only loss had been to Burt , who I have barely beat last game .
I wished him luck watched him play 1 . e4 ... and I smiled , played 1...d6 ( my favorite - the Pirc ! ) , and hoped I would n't blunder ...
Steven , I 'm sorry .
You played well and deserved to win .
I blundered , then blundered again .
Unfortunately you made the final blunder .
You are a great player and I wish you luck in the future !
After the game I was in shock .
I was tired .
( I had actually set my alarm clock at move 5 and went in to the corner of the tournament hall and slept for 20 minutes during the game ) .
The game on board 1 was a win / loss , so I got clear 2nd place with 5.5 ( winner had 6 ) .
It was crazy .
I could n't believe it .
I had made so many mistakes , had started almost every game by losing , and yet something was compelling me to play like a madman .
It felt like there was some external force pushing me to victory , but it required that I first start by losing .
Maybe I needed that fire in the belly to play my best .
Who knows .
But that weekend I had it with me and won 2nd place .
( Side story - later that night I went and played Texas Hold 'em for a few hours - only my second time ever playing for money - and I turned $ 200 into $ 500 ! )
I had a great tournament because I won .
But I also feel a little sad .
My games were n't great .
I had to watch my opponents lose ( I know , I 'm a bit of a softy in person ) .
And I won money which probably some of the kids or other less - fortunate players could have used more than me .
So while I 'm happy , I 'm also kinda sorry .
I guess why that 's I do n't compete very often !
My USCF rating shot from 1578 to 1707 , so it will probably be a long time before I can compete or even win again .
But wow - what an event !
I honestly attribute my win to Chess.com - I have played hundreds of games , done countless hours of Tactics Trainer and Chess Mentor , and seen tons of videos .
I 've been kinda living chess for 2 years now .
But I had n't made a dedicated study plan , which is what I 'll do for the next event .
Oh , and I 'll also stop using the Analysis Board - it killed my calculation !!
Until the next tournament ,
Erik
The fake coach Twitter account craze has made its way to the University of Louisville and got attention after a single fake Steve Kragthorpe comment about the Erin Andrews ’ videos .
Look , we have no idea whether Steve has taken a look at the very real and naked Erin Andrews .
But this Twitter account is fraud and UL has had enough , according to Louisville media reports .
RRWWWWRRRRR !!
Of course the university has its bulldog lawyers in hot pursuit of this jokester .
We ’ve been in contact with Twitter , â€  U of L spokesman Rocco Gasparro said .
â€ œWe sent them all the fake accounts that we ’re aware of trying to get those suspended immediately .
â€ â€ œWe ’re trying to get all of them shut down because some of them are very vulgar and a little absurd , â€ Gasparro said .
Yeah , you punk (s ) .
This school is tired of your comments such as “ I think after a day of August practice and a dinner at taco bell Mark Mangino would have the hottest seat in college ball lol J/k man . ”
We happen to think this is brilliant comedy .
It ’s unclear why UL is suddenly pissed .
This charade has been going on for months .
From May 21 :
Hittin the recruiting trail … who does n’t love suckin up to 16 year olds in 90 degree heat ?!
So , if you kid about the Erin Andrews videos the University of Louisville will have you shut down .
You ’ve been warned UK fan .
[ U of L wants plug pulled on fake coach Twitter accounts ]
A former Fort Worth police officer was indicted Friday on charges he accepted bribes from a company that operated illegal “ 8 - liner ” video games in Tarrant County and across Texas .
Ed Adcock retired in early 2008 , but prosecutors said the charges involve the time he worked in the vice unit .
' “ A big part of his job was making sure the ( gambling ) businesses were in compliance , ” said Fort Worth police Lt. Ken Dean .
Adcock could not immediately be reached for comment .
His attorney , Michael Heiskell , did not return a phone call .
Details of the indictment from a Tarrant County grand jury were not available Friday night because Adcock had not yet been booked into jail .
The indictment comes one day after four executives of the gambling company , Aces Wired , pleaded guilty in Tarrant County District Court to assorted charges and agreed to surrender money they made from their gambling operation .
In court papers filed in Corpus Christi , prosecutors alleged the executives paid Adcock for " exercise of discretion as a public servant . "
Gordon Graves , 72 , pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence .
He received a $ 5000 fine and a two - year deferred sentence .
The other executives , Kenneth Griffith , 59 , Jeremy Tyra , 27 , and Knowles Cornwell , 57 , all of Dallas , pleaded guilty to hindering apprehension and prosecution .
They were fined $ 4000 and given two - year deferred sentences .
In coordinated raids across Texas , police shut down Aces Wired in May 2008 .
Officers seized video machines in Fort Worth , Arlington , Corpus Christi , Copperas Cove , San Antonio , and Tye .
Investigators also searched the company ’s Dallas headquarters .
As part of their plea agreements , the four executives agreed to cooperate with ongoing state and federal investigations .
Slideshow ( 9 images )
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Panasonic Corp and NEC Corp unveiled nine new cellphone models on Tuesday that run the open - source LiMo operating system , wireless Linux group LiMo said .
The focus of the cellphone market has been shifting to software development since Google Inc and Apple Inc entered the mobile market in the past two years , with phone vendors and operators increasingly looking for open source alternatives such as LiMo to cut costs .
The market for software platforms on cellphones is led by Nokia ’s Symbian operating system , but it has lost much ground over the last year to Apple and BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd .
Computer operating system Linux has had little success with cellphones so far , but its role is increasing with the LiMo platform and Google is using Linux for its Android platform .
Linux is the most popular type of free or so - called open source computer operating system available to the public to be used , revised and shared .
Linux suppliers earn money selling improvements and technical services and Linux competes directly with Microsoft Corp , which charges for its Windows software and opposes freely sharing its code .
LiMo also said Japanese mobile carrier KDDI Corp and touch screen company Immersion Corp had joined the not - for - profit foundation .
But LiMo has been missing support from the largest cellphone vendors .
So far smaller phone makers NEC , Panasonic and Motorola Inc have unveiled in total 42 phones using its software .
At the same time , all the top handset vendors , except Nokia , have promised to produce phone models running Android software .
The world ’s second - and third - largest cellphone vendors , Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and LG Electronics Inc , are members of LiMo , but have not unveiled commercial models .
LiMo hopes to benefit from its focus on giving greater say over software development to telecommunications operators .
Its key members -- Vodafone Group Plc , France Telecom SA ’s Orange , Japan ’s NTT DoCoMo Inc , South Korea ’s SK Telecom Co Ltd , Telefonica SA and U.S. operator Verizon Wireless , a venture between Verizon Communications In and Vodafone -- have pledged to introduce LiMo phones in 2009 .
Among the many eyebrow - raising clips aired on major news networks yesterday ... was one of a women being half - escorted , half - dragged from the building .
... the woman was provoked .
She and a few other women had brought posters to the town hall , but they rolled them up after being booed and berated by the crowd .
When the woman unrolled one to show to a journalist , an angry man in the crowd rushed over and tore it up .
A poster of what , you ask ?
Rosa Parks .
The crowd booed pictures of Rosa Parks .
White people booing Rosa Parks and then ripping up her poster in public .
These rightwing Republicans are racists , and they 're crazy .
That 's just a fact at this point .
Update [ 2009-8-12 15:54:55 by liberal shopper ] :
Also , go see princss6's diary on this topic .
They beat me to it but used a much more subtle headline that I did n't catch .
Update [ 2009-8-12 16:5:58 by liberal shopper ] : Wow , Rec'd .
Now you MUST go over and give princss6 mucho headbutts and skritches .
Here is a link to a pootie because princss6 deserves some recognition .
Update [ 2009 - 8- 12 16:20:4 by liberal shopper ] :
Check out this link from TPM for more info ( the man was arrested for assault , the woman was escorted out ) and also details of what the sign said : " First Lady of Civil Rights . "
Update [ 2009-8-12 17:33:44 by liberal shopper ] : Interview with the African American woman , Maxine Johnson .
Thanks duckhunter .
WASHINGTON -- Rep. Mike Ross was at the White House Tuesday demanding Democrats produce a health - care bill that keeps costs under control .
Mr. Ross is himself a Democrat -- and a powerful one .
He is bringing together fellow party members on the crucial House Energy and Commerce Committee in rebellion against the health bill backed by House Democratic leaders .
That ...
The planned closure of a wind turbine manufacturing facility on England ’s Isle of Wight moved several workers to seize control of the plant on Monday night .
[ Update : July 21 , 11:36 pm GMT : Since workers first seized the plant on Monday night , 5 more workers slipped police lines to join the 25 workers already occupying the administrative offices at a Vestas Wind Systems plant on the Isle of Wight .
Some food also made it inside , but police reportedly now have that route blocked . ]
According to reports , 25 workers facing imminent termination at a shuttering wind turbine plant entered the administrative offices of the Vestas Wind Systems factory in Newport , Isle of Wight , at around 7:30 on Monday night .
The workers vowed to remain there until the government discusses their proposal to save it from closure by nationalizing the plant .
The workers , who recently learned the plant could be shutting any day , called on the UK Government to take over the plant and back - up their rhetorical support for creating green collar jobs by saving these existing ones .
“ It would be tiny step financially to keep this factory open , ” said one worker from inside the factory .
“ But it would be a huge statement about the government ’s commitment to the green economy .
Just as they could not afford to let the banks fail , they ca n’t afford to let this fail .
It ’s about the history of humanity . ”
The plant , which was once slated to begin testing of the world ’s longest wind turbine blade , and another one in Southhampton , were scheduled to shut down back in April when Vestas officials said sinking demand in the U.K. was forcing the closure .
Together , the two facilities employ 625 people , but without more buyers in the U.K.
Vestas was finding it increasingly difficult to justify the cost of keeping the plants open .
Vestas chief executive Ditlev Engel told The Guardian that building wind turbines in Britain was “ extremely time - consuming and extremely complicated ” .
He added : “ In the UK NIMBYism is a huge challenge . ”
As Vestas employees began arriving for work on Tuesday morning , police turned away all but senior management , effectively locking out any other workers .
Police said they had no intention of forcibly removing the protesters .
Image courtesy of Vestas Wind Systems A/ S
MSNBC just aired footage of the crowd gathering at the Obama town hall meeting on health care that ’s supposed to start later today in New Hampshire and pointed out one man in a group holding protest signs with a gun in a holster on his hip .
Apparently not a law officer , but a civilian .
Whatever the concealed carry laws in New Hampshire , you have to figure guns not allowed at a presidential event .
Right ?
Late Update : Also important to note , the gun-toting protestor was holding a sign referencing the Jefferson quote : “ The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time , with the blood of patriots and tyrants . ”
It ’s a well known quote from one of the archetypal founding fathers .
And in itself it ’s part of the American heritage , something that echoes with Jefferson ’s always ambivalent and frequently dilettantish attitude toward political violence .
But in the context of these townhall excesses and while carrying a firearm at a presidential event , it ’s quite a menacing statement , in as much as it is about the need to kill tyrants .
— jmm
Later Update :
The local police tell MSNBC that the man is legally carrying the gun , is nowhere near where the President will be , and is “ under constant surveillance . ” –dk
Packing Heat Update :
The gun-wielding protester was interviewed by Chris Matthews late today : “ I ’m not advocating violence , ” William Kostric said .
“ I ’m advocating an informed society , an armed society , a polite society . ”
Click to viewAdobe and University of Wisconsin scientists have created software that can correct shaky camerawork , but it 's way cooler than anything on the market now .
Using 3D modeling , it guesses the intended look , then warps the original video to adjust .
Advertisement
Basically , the software examines each frame and warps it to form a steady line of shots based on a 3D projection of the cameras path ( courtesy of off - the - shelf Adobe software ) , giving a buttery - smooth look almost as good as if the camera was on rails .
It 's got a few downsides , namely that it can only be applied after the entire film is shot , and the resulting product will need a little bit of cropping .
But it still looks like a pretty great tool for amateur filmmakers , and should be available in about two years .
[ New Scientist ]
Remember the Dig Dug or Centipede or Robotron ?
They used to be favorites whe n Atari ’s 7800 series was still around .
Now since the era of those consoles is over and a different world of interactive reality gaming has taken over , Atari Museum , a site run by Atari enthusiast , has got hold of has unofficially source code of over 15 games for the coders and enthusiasts to admire the state - of - the - art ( because this is what it was back then ) of game development .
During those times nobody would have imagined in their wildest dreams the games that Atari ’s developers floated into the gaming thirsty market and instantly swept across continental boundaries .
But things changed soon after that and a company once regarded as one of the most successful gaming console manufacturers and developers faded away in the pages of our technology ’s hall - of - fame .
In an official release , Atari has quoted that the purpose of the release is to give potential developers insight into the Atari ’s gaming platform so they may possibly build upon the 7800 series .
I have collected of the game ’s banners :
You can grab the source code here :
Robotron 2084 DOWNLOAD Xevious DOWNLOAD Dig Dug DOWNLOAD Centipede DOWNLOAD Joust DOWNLOAD Ms. Pac Man DOWNLOAD Commando DOWNLOAD Crossbow DOWNLOAD
Food Fight DOWNLOAD Galaga DOWNLOAD
Hat Trick DOWNLOAD
Sphinx / Nile Flyer / Desert Falcon DOWNLOAD 7800 PAL OS DOWNLOAD 7800 Base OS - NTSC DOWNLOAD Super Stunt Cycle/ Motopsycho DOWNLOAD 7800 Development System ( Atari ST ) DOWNLOAD 7800 Animation Tool ( Atari ST ) DOWNLOAD
PS : I skipped this part over accidently .
Courtesy Atari Meuseum
PS # 2 : I misquoted that Atari released the source code .
Rather it ’s Atari Museum which has released the code .
We offer up to date braindumps to help you prepare and pass real exam without any difficulty .
Download the VCP - 410 dumps for fail - safe exam preparation .
The first swearing - in , at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Friday , featured many ministers taking the oath of office " in the name of God " .
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Pranab Mukherjee , and others such as Kapil Sibal and Murli Deora prefaced their oaths thus .
Others , notably P. Chidambaram , Sushilkumar Shinde and Veerappa Moily , took the oath exclusively in the name of the Constitution , replacing the words " swear in the name of God " with " solemnly affirm " .
The Third Schedule gives ministers the option of either swearing by God or of leaving God out of the oath altogether .
What does this say about the " secular " nature of India  one of the founding pillars of Indian democracy , and the cornerstone of the Congress manifesto ?
In some secular countries , like France , the official utterance of the word " God " would have been unthinkable .
In the United States of America , however , the birthplace of the Jeffersonian ideal of the " wall of separation between Church and State " , the word " God " is mired in controversy , though often used officially .
For example , the words " God grant us wisdom " were famously used in a speech by George W. Bush after the terrorist attacks on September 11 , while the American presidential oath ends with the words " so help me God " .
Does the fact that the prime minister and others used the word " God " in an official oath " establish " religion and violate Indian secularism ?
Of course , in India , there is an idea that the word " God " itself is secular in nature  it does n't reveal an affirmation of any particular deity , Hindu or otherwise .
But its use does betray an affirmation that some form of God does exist .
Is the Indian government permitted by the Constitution to acknowledge that God exists , thereby officially denying the atheistic view ?
The secular nature of a country could conceivably have an inhibiting effect on the religious beliefs of its citizens .
For example , in France , a professedly secular country , Sikh school children were prohibited from wearing their turbans to school , since French citizens are supposedly expected to have no identity in public besides their French identity .
The headscarves debate there similarly ignited controversy throughout Europe , while the Mormon Church was seen by many as having been forced to renounce bigamy in the US .
By contrast , Indian citizens can have various identities besides their Indian identity ; we can display our religious garb in public , and even utter an affirmation of " God " in a public ceremony , while various personal laws protect the personal religious practices of various groups , despite a constitutional directive for a uniform civil code .
The free exercise of religion and secularism are therefore not necessarily positively related .
... contd .
ALSO READ Degrees of irresponsibility
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
LONDON , July 16 ( UPI ) --
A white supremacist whose plot to bomb " non-British " people included shrapnel bombs disguised as tennis balls was found guilty of terrorism in London .
Neil Lewington , 44 , an unemployed electrician who lived in Tilehurst , west of London , was convicted by a jury of preparing for acts of terrorism , having explosives with intent to endanger life and five other charges .
Advertisement
" The likely outcome is a lengthy sentence of imprisonment , " Judge Peter Thornton said at the Central Criminal Court , commonly known as the Old Bailey .
Prosecutor Brian Altman said Lewington 's heroes were 1995 Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh and 1999 " London Nail Bomber " David Copeland , The Times of London reported .
Altman said Lewington was " on the cusp of embarking on a campaign of terrorism against those he considered non-British . "
Police found two firebombs in Lewington 's bag when they arrested him in October on charges of causing a disturbance , the Times said .
In his bedroom , police said they found explosives , along with three tennis balls and plans to turn them into shrapnel bombs .
He is to be sentenced Sept. 8 .
unreliable chess software contributes to the live games crash
Many spectators were left high and dry yesterday , after the official live feed from Mtel Maters blocked .
It never got restored , rather it was substituted by an message by the organizers that “ Due to technical issues the round will not be broadcasted live . ”
No further details were given .
Everyone was hoping that they could see at least the end of the games , but that never happened .
The glass cell itself was not the best friend of the journalists that tried to copy some moves and the cameras were not pointed in the direction of the boards .
Chessdom.com has found the roots of the story .
A combination of a very unreliable chess software and the sense of humor of the mayor of Sofia destroyed the live transmission .
As the tradition goes , the first move at Mtel Masters is done by a high official .
This year the designated person was Boiko Borisov , current mayor of Sofia .
Mr. Borisov , an ex military general , is famous for his humor .
Last year at the closing ceremony he said , “ Topalov did not win , so that he tricks Kramnik to come to Sofia ” .
However , things did not go as smoothly as planned .
The heavy traffic in the city did not allow the high official to arrive on time and he entered the glass cell 10 minutes later .
Topalov and Carlsen were instructed to wait for the guest , who also attracted a multitude of journalists .
Borisov entered smiling , greeted everyone and directly went to the board .
He started in a typical sense of humor , “ When we were young we played a lot of chess , ” and moved 1 . b3 , after which he continued , “ but we had a special rule that white is allowed to move twice at the start , ” after which Borisov moved immediately the white bishop on b2 .
Boiko Borisov seconds before Bb2
photo sportni.bg
This move was not accepted by the computer software and it immediatelly blocked all transmission .
Carlsen ’s face was not very happy after the moves and they had to be put in initial position and 1 . d4 was played .
This did not help the software restore and that is how the thousands of chess fans were left only with the Chessdom live updates and very little other coverage .
“ I made an ambush on Topalov ! ” said Boiko Borisov , not realizing the very unreliable software chess has for the digital boards .
All transmission was blocked for the whole day .
To make the show complete , Boiko Borisov turned to the journalists and told them another story .
“ I have invented a new type of chess .
A chess where I do not lose .
I play with friends in the sauna , after half an hour they get tired and I always win . ”
The technical staff of Mtel Masters proved useless and could not repair the live feed .
Games are supposed to continue today on the official website , live commentary will be probided on Chessdom.com by GM Bauer and GM Dimitrov .
How happy are you right now ?
A new iPhone - based research project aims to find out ... and in doing so , help find out what makes you and others happy .
Track Your Happiness , a program started by Harvard University doctoral candidate Matt Killingsworth , is a psychological study that aims to find the factors influencing happiness .
But rather than asking participants to complete surveys in a lab , Killingsworth wanted to gather data from the real world , throughout the day .
Hence , he chose the iPhone .
The idea is simple : you sign up on the Track Your Happiness site , answer a few questions about yourself and say how often you 'd like to receive happiness surveys during your day ( between 3 and 5 times ) .
These simple surveys , optimized for the iPhone 's screen , are sent via text message .
Questions include how happy you are , where you are , whether you 're with others or alone , and whether you enjoy the task you 're currently engaged in .
While the data you submit is used in Killingsworth 's research , you also receive personal " happiness reports " like these from blogger Buster Benson ( below ) .
It goes without saying that the information could be used to improve your overall happiness - not to mention the glow you 'll get from helping researchers understand the factors influencing human happiness .
[ via NYTimes ]
Learn where you are Learn where you are
While the KDE community busied itself with preparations for the 4.3 release , KDE 4 continued to spread to new platforms with ReactOS user Davy Bartoloni reporting ( machine translation of original Italian ) some success in running KDE applications on that operating system .
ReactOS is a free software reimplementation of the Windows XP architecture .
Earlier efforts existed to run KDE 3 on ReactOS using Cygwin , but the latest successes use native KDE 4 Windows applications as produced by the KDE on Windows project .
Some applications like KStars , Kolourpaint , KCalc and KGeography are running already on ReactOS ( see the screenshots , reproduced with the permission of Davy Bartoloni ) .
The KDE on Windows project packages many more applications however , including Amarok , Okular and Gwenview .
When both the KDE on Windows and ReactOS projects mature these applications will also become available .
Waiting for the stars Waiting for the stars
ReactOS is still in alpha stage and not recommended for everyday use .
Attempting to use the latest KDE Windows installer on ReactOS resulted in a blue screen of death and so this demonstration of running KDE applications required compiling them on Windows and then transferring the binaries to ReactOS .
Despite such limitations , this is yet another platform beginning to gain KDE support and in future it may provide a viable free software alternative for trying out the Windows versions of KDE applications .
In the meantime it brings a little KDE goodness to even more new users .
Liars who cry rape strike at the heart of our justice system
Jennifer Day : Jailed for two years
Rape .
It ’s a hugely emotive issue , so let ’s get the basic stuff out of the way first .
Rape and other sexual assaults are , without doubt , the second most heinous crimes on our statute book , ranking just behind those offences which result in actual death but well ahead of all the other assaults that can be perpetrated against an individual .
At the core of the justice system , which exists to punish those who commit crimes , is the expectation that victims will tell the truth about the things which have happened to them .
Lying subverts the whole process and , arguably , to lie in court is to commit a far worse offence than the one committed against you .
Quite rightly , the courts are quick to punish those who lie to them – as Jonathan Aitken and Jeffrey Archer found out to their cost .
All of this makes it even more remarkable that anyone would want to falsely claim that they have been raped , yet such cases appear to be on the increase .
The conviction of Jennifer Day is just one of several cases this year - yet each case is apparently no deterrent to others .
One of the reasons for this may be the comparatively light sentences handed out to the accusers .
A man convicted falsely of rape faces a sentence of life imprisonment , whereas the false accuser ’s jail term is unlikely to exceed the two years given to Ms Day .
That is a heck of a discrepancy , whichever way you look at it .
Poll Should men accused of rape be given anonymity until they are convicted ?
Yes No Should men accused of rape be given anonymity until they are convicted ?
Yes 25436 votes
No 2198 votes
Now share your opinion
The obvious answer is to make the punishment for lying about the offence akin to the punishment which the wrongfully accused would have faced if convicted of it .
This would bring lying into line with the law on criminal attempts ; attempting to commit a crime and failing attracts exactly the same penalty as committing the crime in virtually all situations .
Would Ms Day – or any other woman convicted of the offence in the past – have done something quite so foolish if she had known it would lead to a potential life sentence ?
As Judge Ian Graham rightly pointed out to Ms Day , lying about rape makes it that much more difficult for other rape victims to have their cases taken seriously and that much more difficult for prosecutors to secure convictions in even the most deserving of cases .
What he could have gone on to say is that liars strike at the very heart of our justice system .
Judges now need proper powers to sentence them .
Mars ' great canyon complex , Valles Marineris , dwarfs thesize and splendor of Earth 's own Grand Canyon .
But while geologists have aformed a fairly complete picture of how the Grand Canyon formed , the mechanismsthat carved out Valles Marineris and its component canyons have been a longstandingmystery , with explanations ranging from massivefloods to tectonic processes like those that cause earthquakes and buildmountains on Earth .
" How did these gigantic canyons really form ?
Were theyall formed by floods , or were other things going on ? " asks John Adams ofthe University of Washington in Seattle and lead author of a new study thatseeks to answer the questions .
" These have been controversial questionsgoing back to the very first Mariner pictures of Mars .
And they 're stillcontroversial questions , which means we do n't really fully understand what 'sgoing on yet . "
The answer for how at least parts of the canyon complexformed may lie in Hebes Chasma , a 190 - mile - long ( 310 - kilometer ) scar cut intothe Martian surface and connected to the main body of Valles Marineris .
Adams and his colleagues , Alan Gillespie and DavidMontgomery , think that Hebes , and other chasms , might have formed after saltsin the surface layers were heated up , causing water to melt out below thesurface .
This water then rushed out through underground plumbing , causing thelayers of dirt and rock above to collapse , creating the canyon scar in thesurface .
Heating salts
Montgomery and Gillespie began with the observation ofsulfate salts in the area of the canyons .
( These compounds have been found innumerous spots around the Martian surface by orbitingspacecraft and robotic rovers . )
These salts are hydrated , which means that molecules ofwater are attached to the sulfate molecules .
Montgomery and Gillespie thoughtabout what would happen if those hydrated salts were heated up .
The physics andchemistry involved in the process indicated that the water would separate outfrom the salts , taking with it some dissolved materials .
This muddy , brinywater would pool up underground , causing an increase in volume under thesurface .
The heating of these salts on Mars is n't a stretch , " becauseit gets hotter as you go down with depth of course , " Adams explained .
" Butmore importantly , the huge canyon complex of Mars is right next to the hugevolcanic complex , the Tharsis plateau . "
?
The heat involved with volcanicprocesses could have warmed up the salts in the Martian regolith .
Once the muddy water was separated , it would have to escapesomehow from its subterranean well because there was n't enough room under thedirt and rocks to hold all that newly formed water .
The two possibilities forthe water 's escape were : bursting out over the surface ; or funneling out belowit , like a plug pulled from a bathtub drain .
The scientists needed a place to test out the drain part ofthe theory , which is where Hebes Chasma came in .
No way in or out
Hebes Chasma was of interest because it is " the verybest example of a fairly large canyon in the Valles Marineris complex that hasabsolutely ?
no inlet or outlet on the surface , " Adams toldSPACE.com .
" There 's no way that water could have gone out and over theedge there . "
So Hebes Chasma could not have formed by erosion from giant floods , like the carving of the Grand Canyon but on a larger scale .
Montgomery and Gillespie and other researchers looked to seeif the landforms found in Hebes Chasma were what would be expected of asituation in which the muddy brine drained out of it underground pool through aseries of subsurface channels , like pipes .
Adams and his colleagues madedetailed geologic maps of the region to see if the features were consistent .
They also enlisted the help of geologists at the University of Texas at Austin , who built a desktop - sized scale model of Hebes Chasma andfilled it with silicon gel and sand mixtures , then drained it to see what wouldhappen .
" The results of that were absolutely astounding tous , " Adams said ?
they matched the formations found in Hebes Chasma to aT .
The match of the two approaches led Adams and his colleaguesto conclude that Montgomery and Gillespie 's process likely explained theformation of Hebes Chasma .
There are , of course , still plenty of unanswered questions .
More drained chasms ?
For one thing , the scientists do n't know exactly when Hebesformed or how long the process took .
Adams said the chasm likely formed early in Mars ' history , with the process stopping several billion years ago .
" It may have taken a few million years , or a hundredmillion years , we just do n't know the answer to that , " Adams said .
Another mystery is where all that muddy brine went to .
" This is still the big mystery , " Adams said .
It 's possible that the briny mixture traveledunderground and came up and out elsewhere ?
a possible source of theoutflow floods thought to have formed other parts of the canyon .
Adams and his colleagues plan to look closely at more chasmsthat also show evidence of material sliding down into depressions in thesurface to see if they can also be explained by this mechanism .
How much of Valles Marineris might have formed from thedrainage of muddy brines is n't known , and it 's likely that the whole systemformed from a " mixed bag " of mechanisms , including floods , drainageand tectonic forces , Adams said .
The new study was detailed in the August issue of thejournal Geology .
* Illustration : Stephen Doyle * Walking around Wall Street these days is like being trapped inside the videogame Resident Evil .
There are the dead ( Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns ) , the undead ( AIG , which survives only as long as the government needs it to ) , and the living scared ( every suit who still has a job ) .
Even with the occasional announcement of a good fiscal quarter from one of the banks , it 's hard to see anything but neutron - bomb - like decimation .
The glory days of Wall Street 's dominance are done .
No one likes to see an industry die , but there is an upside :
Often , smart cubicle refugees will seize the opportunity to pursue their entrepreneurial dreams , unleashing waves of innovation upon society .
The death of Big Steel in the 1980s gave birth to nimbler , more competitive mini-mills .
The decline of the Hollywood studio system in the '60s gave us independent films .
And the current demise of print media is giving us new sources of information , as journalists band together to reinvent news coverage .
Wall Street 's turn is next , and we should all be praying for one thing : that many of those liberated innovators seek playing fields outside of finance .
A new flowering of creativity on Wall Street would be a very bad thing .
We tend to think of innovation as always and everywhere desirable — it has brought us printing presses , artificial hearts , and shoes that mimic barefoot running .
But Wall Street 's creations too often devolve from enriching us all to enriching a select few ( while sending the rest of us ducking for cover ) .
Bundling mortgages into securities made home ownership possible for many .
Then bankers figured out how to go from " many " to " nearly everyone " ; foreclosures exploded and the economy imploded .
Credit default swaps initially made it easier for companies to finance growth — until they were leveraged , tweaked , and sold to excess , cratering the financial system .
Not all Wall Street innovation is bad .
But the worst of its labs are Three Mile Island - style dangerous .
Such inventions do produce fabulous paper wealth , however , attracting many of our sharpest math and science minds .
At MIT and other top schools , investment banks recruited hard and early , skimming the cream from each graduating class .
Until the mid-1990s , college grads with bachelor 's degrees could earn more in engineering than finance ; that flipped in 2000 , and it has n't come close to parity since .
A survey of Harvard alumni found that 5 percent of men graduating in 1970 went to Wall Street ; by 1990 , the proportion was 15 percent .
The same trend was also apparent among women .
But the big paychecks came with what economists call opportunity costs .
Instead of spending their days searching for exotic trades , some of these Wall Street wizards could 've been creating drugs , imagining software , or solving energy problems .
Capital markets need geniuses , too , but it's hard to cheer such a massive money - chase .
" If I invent some superb method for quantitative trading , it puts money in my clients ' pockets and my own pockets .
Is society any better off ? " asks Michael Coen , a former Wall Street quant who now teaches and researches artificial intelligence at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
" You could argue that having healthy capital markets helps society , but it 's not particularly satisfying .
My work in machine learning gets incorporated into medical applications .
Does that make a difference ?
I can say that , in some humble way , it does . "
Plus , he adds , his research will no doubt be picked apart by folks looking for ways to apply it to finance .
But Coen will never see the results of that analysis .
" It does n't go in the other direction . "
He 's right :
On Wall Street , work in the lab never leaves the building ; after all , a trading strategy 's value disappears when it goes mainstream .
An innovation might strengthen capital markets , but the possibility of that research benefiting another industry — the kind of cross-pollination that turned Velcro from a NASA oddity into a modern staple — is eliminated .
Now 's the chance for other sectors to get their hooks into the young and brilliant , while Wall Street is distracted and busy rebuilding .
This past spring , MIT held a job fair and saw a surge from companies that had never set foot on campus before — newborn startups , nonprofits , hospitals , and government agencies .
A few years ago , these promising players did n't stand a chance against Lehman and Goldman Sachs .
Today , their recruiting could mean that out of the financial industry 's decay will bloom a thousand innovations far away from Wall Street .
Senior writer Daniel Roth ( daniel_roth@wired.com ) wrote about why Wall Street needs transparency in issue 17.03 .
Start Next : 10 Best Prison Breaks Recipe for Disaster : The Formula That Killed Wall Street
Road Map for Financial Recovery : Radical Transparency Now !
A chink in the iPhone 's armor ?
Say it ai n't so !
During a presentation at the SyScan conference in Singapore , security researcher Charlie Miller made clear that there was a significant vulnerability in the iPhone 's SMS system , a flaw that could " allow an attacker to remotely install and run unsigned software code with root access to the phone .
"
Of course , it 's likely that this wo n't be exploited en masse , but the sheer fact that so many iPhones are out there makes this a fairly serious risk .
According to Miller , the attack " exploits a weakness in the way iPhones handle text messages received via SMS ( Short Message Service ) , " but due to a prearranged agreement with Apple to keep the details out of the press , he refused to say more .
In fairness , we 're glad that he 's passing the evidence onto Apple for it to mend up the problem before it becomes something more serious .
For those unfamiliar with the name , Charlie Miller is a renowned expert on Mac OS X security , so while he 's credited with finding the gap , he 's certainly a " good guy " in all of this .
The only details Miller had were as follows : " The SMS vulnerability allows an attacker to run software code on the phone that is sent by SMS over a mobile operator 's network .
The malicious code could include commands to monitor the location of the phone using GPS , turn on the phone 's microphone to eavesdrop on conversations , or make the phone join a distributed denial of service attack or a botnet .
" Miller is planning to detail the hole more at the Black Hat USA security expo in Las Vegas later this year , which gives Apple a short window of time to patch the vulnerability .
If all goes planned , Apple will actually have a fix ready " later this month , " but exact details on when said patch will arrive have yet to be disclosed .
Miller did admit that even " despite the SMS vulnerability , the stripped - down version of MacOS X used in the iPhone makes it more secure than computers running the full - blown operating system . "
In other words , hackers cannot exploit the phone via Adobe Flash ( yet , anyway ) or Java as you can on a PC or Mac , but the fact that there are still gaps for ill - willed souls to exploit makes one wonder if there are any other cracks that have yet to be plugged up .
Indeed , if a hacker were to gain access to the iPhone via this hack , they could -- in theory - - access the root account .
With other potential hacks , which enter via the Web browser or similar , hackers can only get as far as the " sandbox . "
By accessing the root , it 's possible to control most any aspect of the smartphone , thus enabling hackers to completely invade an owners ' privacy .
Scary stuff for sure , but hopefully the security experts in Cupertino will have this all taken care of before anything malicious happens .
Saudi security forces stepped up investigation of al - Qaeda links after terrorists struck an oil installation and a housing complex in the Gulf city of al - Khobar , killing 22 foreign workers in 2004 .
There have been no major attacks since February 2006 , when suicide bombers tried but failed to attack an oil facility at the Abqaiq oil complex , the world 's largest oil processing facility , in eastern Saudi Arabia .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made a show of reconciliation at the new government 's swearing - in ceremony Monday as leading reformist politicians stayed away , signaling their intent to continue protesting an election they allege was tainted by fraud .
Mr. Ahmadinejad 's brief spat with Mr. Khamenei last week over a vice presidential appointment that Khameni vetoed has now taken a back seat to the two men's desire to hamstring the forces in Iran that are pressing for a more open system , says Fatemah Shams , a political activist and PhD candidate at Oxford University , whose husband is currently a political prisoner .
" Although Khamenei is very angry at Ahmadinejad ... they are in the same boat , so it was a superficial confrontation , " she says .
" They just want to mislead people ... and dissuade them from protesting . "
Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of Tehran and other cities to protest the ceremony that , in a rare exception , was not carried live by Iranian television .
Maryam , a scared - sounding woman who gave only her first name , told BBC Persian over her cellphone that the security forces were in control of Tehran 's main avenues and squares , and described running battles between the police and thousands of people in the side streets .
She said that she had seen tear gas shot at the demonstrators , plainclothes agents chasing people into their houses , and heard shots fired skyward .
Cries of " Death to the Dictator " could be heard in the background .
Prominent reformers such as former President Hashemi Rafsanjani and defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi were notably absent from the event .
In recent days , the government has stepped up its efforts to silence protesters ; over the weekend , it began what the opposition called a " show trial " for 100 opposition political activists , some of whom , it alleged , had been tortured into giving false confessions .
Beaming and kissing
After the ceremony , Iranian channels showed clips from Ahmadinejad 's swearing - in ceremony .
Ahmadinejad beamed as he stood to accept Khamenei 's congratulations .
The Iranian media had ridiculed Ahmadinejad for his show of subservience in the same ceremony in 2005 when he kissed the leader 's hand .
This time , after initially being rebuffed , he kissed Khamenei – the man he described as his " father " earlier this week – on the shoulder .
" The government must take into account and solve the problems of those who were affected by the recent riots , " Khamenei advised the new government , adding that " some elites failed " through their performance in the recent election .
A crowd of officials , turbaned clerics , and foreign ambassadors filled the room .
A long row of mullahs and military men stretched in an arc behind the stage , partially disappearing behind a curtain .
In a photograph circulated by reformist groups , one was identified as Mojtaba Khamenei – the Supreme Leader 's son .
The younger Khamenei has a Revolutionary Guard background and was identified as leading the crackdown on opposition protests a month ago .
Paying respects
The only presidential candidate attending was the conservative Mohsen Rezaie whose news website , Tabnak , later carried a quote by a member of parliament explaining that " attendance at the ceremony was out of respect for the Leader , not for Mr. Ahmadinejad . "
According to the article , several grand ayatollahs in Qom advised Mr. Rezaie , a former commander of the Revolutionary Guard , a militia ideologically allied with Ahmadinejad , to attend in order to strengthen his relations with Khamenei after a period of alienation .
Dozens of parliamentarians and members of the influential Assembly of Experts were missing , and empty places gaped on the platform on either side of Khamenei .
Also missing was reformist cleric Mehdi Karroubi who , like Mousavi and Rafsanjani , was a protégé of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the leader behind the Islamic Revolution in 1979 .
The pro-Ahmadinejad Fars News Agency alleged that Mr. Karroubi incited antigovernment demonstrations on Monday .
" Failed presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi appeared at the Beheshti and Vali Asr crossroads to incite participants in the illegal protest , " the agency reported .
Policemen dressed in white summer uniforms staked out squares in central Tehran that have become opposition rallying points .
Soldiers in green uniforms idled inside parked prison vans often used to ferry arrested protesters to detention centers .
Ms. Shams points out that many of those who stayed away from the inauguration were close to Khomeini , and that the political rivalries in Iran do not break down along simply reformist vs. conservative lines .
" You have all these gaps not just among conservatives and reformists , " she says , " but among conservatives themselves . "
Michael Bay is right : Somewhere , right now , something is exploding .
And we 're not talking bombs and tankers either .
As it turns out , there are objects all over the place that will suddenly explode the shit out of themselves for absolutely no reason at all , and often when you least expect it .
Things like ...
Advertisement
6 Office Chairs Imagine this scene :
You sleep through your alarm and have to skip a shower to make the bus on time , only the elevator to your apartment jams and you miss the bus anyway and have to take a cab .
The cabbie helpfully ignores your directions and instead takes the long route to run the meter up .
Then you step into a puddle off of the curb and soak both socks through before finally making the mad dash upstairs to your cubicle only to find that you just missed the regional manager 's visit because you were late .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Basically you are Peter Parker .
Without spider - powers .
That is sad .
Utterly defeated , you sink into your ergonomically designed desk chair , which then blows the fuck up like Danny Glover 's toilet in Lethal Weapon 2 .
Sound like John Woo's Office Space ?
Wrong .
It 's science .
Evidently , the pneumatic cylinder in an office chair can become too pressurized and , in extreme cases , leave the person sitting above feeling like they were just anally raped by Superman at the speed of sound .
" I heard a sonic boom and suddenly my asshole was pregnant . "
How worried should you be ?
Well , there was a famous report that a boy in China was killed in such an incident when shrapnel from the chair 's base tore into his rectum and caused him to bleed to death , but most have written that off as a hoax ( or maybe viral marketing for a horror movie we never , ever want to see ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We suppose that should make us feel better , but all we can think of is if it happens tomorrow , we 'll have the added bonus of going down as the first person in history to die from anal chair rape .
Fixed a memory leak causing performance to degrade the longer you played when in multiplayer ( resulting in very low framerate sometimes in the final waves )
Improved texture and file precaching to reduce issues with hitching
Voice Over IP is now usable in the Lobby Menu while waiting for everyone to ready up
Cash amount in the Trader Menu updates when someone gives you money while trading
Improved the readability of chat fonts
All melee weapons now have an alt - fire , which is a " power strike "
Fixed the timing for when damage occurs from melee weapons
Added a Map White
List which will now only allow perks to be earned on official and approved custom maps ( Makes maps such as KF - Leveling worthless )
Fixed " Connection Failed " endless loop when failing to connect to a server and clicking the Back button in the Server Browser
Fixed Zeds sliding instead of animating online at particular times
Fixed blowing off the limbs of live Zeds , such as the Bloat 's legs
Added random moving attacks for specimens that would always just stop and attack before ( Bloat , Gorefast , Scrake ) .
This makes the attacks less predictable , and players can no longer just backpedel to escape any attack from these Zeds
New Scrake behavior - the Scrake will now rage sooner , and will now keep moving toward its target when attacking .
Additionally , it will randomly charge at its target when attacking , making the Scrake more effective
Added improved behavior for FleshPound to prevent " kiting " .
The Fleshpound will now get frustrated and charge players regardless of if it is shot if players keep moving away from it
Fixed Joining as Spectator not allowing you to View players
Fixed Spectators needing to " Ready " before game will start
Improved some of the fonts for in - game messages and interface text
Interface tweaks
Decreased Shotgun Penetration power of the Support Perk
Increased Ammo Capacity of Bullpup for Commando Perk
Increased the Reload speed bonus of the Commando Perk
Decreased the Stalker Kills requirement of the Commando Perk
Decreased Lever Action Rifle cocking time for the Sharpshooter Perk
Assigned 9 mm to Sharpshooter Perk ( 9 mm headshots count toward Perk and all bonuses now apply to 9 mm as well )
Reduced movement speed for Medic Perk to deter " kiting "
Increased Reload Speed for Firebug Perk
Increased Ammo Capacity of FlameThrower for Firebug Perk
Updates to Killing Floor have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
An end to the recession is unlikely to bring any improvement in hiring in the U.S. , a new paper from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City argues .
The research , made available on the bank ’s Web site , affirms the widely held view that hiring is unlikely to spike much even if the recession ends , as most believe is imminent , and warns things could be worse than now thought .
Persistent levels of high unemployment could also change how the Fed assesses inflation pressures , with important and as yet unsettled implications for monetary policy .
Written by Edward Knotek and Stephen Terry , the paper asserts two main forces explain why something akin to a jobless recovery is likely to follow the end of the recession .
First , there have been changes in the structure of the economy that make employers more reluctant to take on new hires .
And second , recessions begat by banking crises tend to cast longer shadows on recoveries , depressing the pace of job growth .
The paper ’s authors project what they believe will be the course of joblessness , adjusted for structural changes in the economy and the impact of the banking crisis .
That path sees unemployment breaching 10 % and staying there through 2011 , after which it “ slowly drifts ” down to 8 % by 2014 and 7 % by 2016 .
Even a decade down the road , unemployment could be above 6 % , the paper warns .
This outlook is considerably worse than what would be expected based on a normal post - war recession , or even the aftermath of a recession like those of recent experience .
The paper was published after last Friday ’s release of July hiring data .
That report showed a moderation in the pace of job losses and an unexpected move down in the unemployment rate .
While economists and investors took comfort in the report , there was a sense that the unemployment rate decline was a quirk of falling labor force participation , and that it ’s pretty likely that measure will again begin to rise .
Economists have for some time been anticipating job losses , even as they see modest growth returning to the economy .
What is now a 9.4 % unemployment rate is seen as peaking at 9.9 % in December , according to The Wall Street Journal ’s most recent survey of forecasters .
The paper ’s authors allow their worst - case scenario may not play out .
Their estimates rely in part on data from other countries that may not fit the American experience closely enough .
The somewhat unique U.S. system for credit allocation , which relies more heavily on markets over banks , could also skew the data in unexpected ways .
The forceful response of government — extraordinary Fed policy actions coupled with huge government stimulus efforts — could also work to create a less ugly outcome .
The study warns changed labor market dynamics could also skew the so - called natural rate of unemployment toward a higher level , which in turn means the lower levels of unemployment could create the sort of inflationary forces the Fed would be forced to deal with .
But there ’s uncertainty on this point .
“ Estimates of the natural rate are likely to be an important topic for policy makers for the foreseeable future . ”
I was as upset as anyone by the allegations of organ selling that are associated with a New Jersey corruption scandal resulting in more than 40 arrests last week .
But a Wall Street Journal column this week calling for more incentives for folks to donate organs makes the issue seem more complex than at first blush .
" More than 80,000 Americans now wait for a kidney . . . thirteen of them die daily ; the rest languish for years on dialysis , " writes Sally Satel .
She says she would have gladly considered paying an organ broker to get a kidney several years back when she needed one and there was no donor .
That is , if it had n't been illegal .
( She eventually received a kidney from a friend . )
While most of us find it revolting to pay for an organ , we readily accept allowing women to sell their eggs to an infertile couple .
In fact , just a few weeks ago , New York State became the first in the nation to allow federally funded researchers to pay women for their eggs for embryonic stem cell research .
While men typically donate their sperm free of charge , women expect to get paid for their eggs because of the hassle and risk of injecting themselves with hormones to ripen multiple eggs at once and of having those eggs surgically extracted .
The reality is , few donors would go through that if there were no financial incentive .
While it 's not illegal for women in the United States to get payments for egg donations ( it is in Europe ) , the American Society for Reproductive Medicine has established ethical guidelines for egg donor compensation — a cap of $ 10,000 per cycle — which most fertility clinics follow .
So taking this one step further , why should n't willing donors be allowed to charge reasonable rates for their organs ?
" I'm on the fence , I have to say .
I 'm really torn about this , " says Jonathan Moreno , a professor of bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" People are understandably uncomfortable and uncertain about selling kidneys , but there really is a shortage . "
He says if there were a nonexploitative way of doing this , he'd like to see it tried within the framework of a research study .
( Most shocking were allegations that poor donors were forced to give up their kidneys for $ 10,000 , while the middlemen received $ 150,000 . )
Trouble is , Moreno admits , it 's hard to say whether setting up an ethical and legal system reduces exploitation or increases it .
He still sees advertisements at Penn offering students $ 40,000 for their Ivy League eggs and notes that the legalization of prostitution in Amsterdam 's red - light district has led to a spike in criminal activity like money laundering just outside the district .
Donating a kidney is also a riskier procedure than egg donation because it involves more - invasive surgery and long - term risks of having a malfunction in the one remaining kidney .
Are you ready to get pumped ?
[ Jun. 26th , 2009 | 12:02 am ] pozorvlak
Hi , this post is about Factor , real Factor .
This post is awesome .
My name is pozorvlak
Facts :
1. Slava Pestov is a mammal .
2. Slava Pestov hacks on Factor ALL the time .
3 . The purpose of Slava Pestov is to flip out and kill people .
Weapons and Gear :
1. Concatenative ( stack - based , Forth - like ) language .
2. Dynamic types .
3. First - class functions .
4. Object - orientation .
5. Real macros .
6. Batteries included .
7 . The listener : debugger / REPL / help browser /etc .
8. Optimizing , self - hosting native - code compiler .
9. Ninja stars .
Testimonial :
Factor programmers can kill anyone they want !
Slava cuts off heads ALL the time and does n't even think twice about it .
The guys on #concatenative are so crazy and awesome that they flip out ALL the time .
I heard that littledan was eating at a diner .
And when some dude drop ped a spoon littledan GC'ed every object in memory .
My friend Mark said that he saw a Factor programmer totally uppercut some kid just because the kid opened a gl - window .
And that 's what I call REAL Ultimate Power !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you do n't believe that Factor programmers have REAL Ultimate Power you better git clone their repository right now or they will chop your head off !!!
It 's an easy choice , if you ask me .
Writing OpenGL code in Factor :
Step 1 : Look for some Factor OpenGL documentation .
Step 2 : Fail to find any .
Step 3 : Get really super pissed .
Step 4 : Get some C++ OpenGL documentation instead .
Step 5 : Put something slippery on it , like butter or cream .
Step 6 : Bend it to fit ( this is crucial ) .
Step 7 : Keep folded and insert into listener hard .
Step 8 : Push hard until you can't see it .
Step 9 : Wait .
Step 10 : Die .
If you succeed , everybody will be like “ Holy Crap ! ”
Update : by popular demand , a picture of Slava wailing on guitar .
A list of movies I really really really really want to see ..
PART FOUR ! [ ZOMBIE EDITION ] [ Jul. 21st , 2009 | 08:30 pm ] Jonas
I 'm doing this list a bit different this time .
As there are trailers out there for all the movies I 'm posting them instead of just some interesting photo .
And you might notice I 've already written about a couple of these movies before but I think they 're all worth mentioning again .
Oh yeah , and it's ALL ZOMBIE MOVIES !!!
this time ...
To the list - mobile !!!
Zombieland
I mentioned this movie on my first ( - ish ) movie list months ago but back then there was n't any photos or footage out .
Now there 's a trailer and while it was n't really what I was expecting or hoping it would be like back then ( running zombies .. ;/ ) , it looks kick - ass and fun in a whole other way .
Woody Harrelson and a bunch of other people tries to survive after the zombie apocalypse .
Mutants
A french zombie movie I do n't know too much of .
But it looks to be alot like 28 days later only in northern france .
Early reviews are n't too positive but I 'm hoping it will be worth a watch atleast ( there 's too few zombies apparently ) .
My tolerance to crap is extremely high regarding zombie films .
Mutants
[ REC ] 2
Booyah !
There 's finally footage out for this !
I truly love the first movie .
It 's one of the few truly scary zombie films .
Some of you might be more familiar with the american remake Quarantine but the original spanish movie is really the one to see .
This sequel is made by the same people and I really like the way they 've decided to make the sequel .
It keeps the same idea as the first movie but there 's a slight change which makes it totally different .
I pray to his noodly holiness that this wo n't suck .
The Dead
Holy crap a zombie movie from africa !
And it looks pretty great too !
It 's about an american soldier ( of course , we can't have them africans starring in their own movies ) trying to get home after getting stranded in africa after the zombie apocalypse .
Axed
An australian zombie flick which I do n't really know anything of the plot of but it looks like a rip- roaring good time from the trailer ...
Get it ?
Rip-roaring ?
You know , because there 's a crapload of zombies in the trailer ripping and .. uh .. roaring ?
Doghouse
Another movie that I 've mentioned before .
And it still looks awesome .
It 's from the director of Evil Aliens Jake West and the writer / artist of Dogwitch Dan Schaffer .
A group of male friends makes the mistake of entering some village or something where all the women have turned into man-eating zombies !
( so no change there .. ha! take that ovary - people ! )
Colin
Here 's an interesting one .
It 's a low - budget movie which is getting praised right and left .
It 's a zombie movie from the perspective of a newly turned zombie .
He shambles around and we get to explore this strange new violent world through that .
Colin Teaser Trailer
La Horde
Holy crap I 'm only through half the movies ...
Anyway , here 's yet another movie I 've already mentioned but now there 's a trailer out .
In this french zombie flick a group of criminals have to work together with a group of cops when the building they 're in gets overrun with a horde of zombies .
Teaser_La_Horde
by blankytwo
Salvage
While this british zombie film might not have the biggest budget it looks extremely good and it 's getting great reviews .
Hopefully there 's enough zombies .
A cargo container gets stranded on some beach and I guess it contains Trioxin 245 or something as people start turning into ..
Can you guess it ?
Yes , zombies .
Pontypool
And this is the last repost of a movie I 'm doing .
You should already know of this highly praised canadian zombie film .
The movie takes place in a radio-station as the infection spreads through the english language .
I actually think the DVD of this is out today in the states so run out and get it immidiately .
I 'll just wait here until I find some other way of seeing it .
Paris By Night Of The Living Dead
Oh I love that title .. and this just looks like insane gory fun !
Just check out the trailer and pray those crazy frenchies can keep it up for an entire movie .
ZMD : Zombies of Mass Destruction
No this is n't the adaptation of the comic but rather a political zombie indie comedy which looks like a mighty good time .
There 's some fine gore and zombies in it and it actually seems pretty funny .
Survival of the Dead
And this just got a proper title .
It 's the latest movie from creator of the genre , the one and only George A. Romero .
There is n't really a proper trailer out for this yet but I managed to find this often removed early trailer on youtube .
So take a look now before it gets removed again .
His latest movies might not be the best ( I really do like Diary though ) but I still have faith in the old man .
He has n't screwed up as much as George Lucas yet .
Lifeless
And lastly here 's something that is n't even a movie .
It 's a great looking tv - show that has been in production for years .
It 's pure Romero and it looks pretty great .
Rumours say they 're close to getting a distribution deal ( but I guess they missed out on being the first zombie tv- show to Dead Set which aired in the UK last year ) so lets hope for the best .
If you head over to the main site at http://www.lifelesstheseries.com/
you can check out a couple of clips .
So to conclude this list ..
Let 's hope you 're not too tired of this genre yet .
Ha !
Quadratin
The Mexican newspaper El Universal reports that a man believed to be the new leader of the drug cartel La Familia , Servando Gómez , known as La Tuta , called in to a live television news program in the western state of Michoacán on Thursday and asked for “ dialogue ” with Mexico ’s government , in hopes of agreeing on a “ national pact ” to end the country ’s violent drug war .
El Universal posted audio excerpts of the phone call on its Web site .
In the call , the cartel leader said that that La Familia “ was created to serve the people of Michoacán ” and claimed “ all we want is peace and quiet . ”
He added that the group has nothing against Mexican President Felipe Calderón or his government but they “ fight the federal police only because they are bothering our families … fabricating charges and taking innocent people away . ”
He also issued this stark warning : “ We are a necessary evil .
They will never get rid of us .
Even if I die , they ’ll just replace me .
And so it will continue .
This will never end .
That is why we must reach a consensus , a national pact . ”
The Mexican government rejected the offer .
Last weekend , the arrest of a senior figure in a Mexican drug cartel known as La Familia led to a wave of coordinated attacks by the cartel against federal police posts and one military base , killing three federal officers and two soldiers .
The range and extent of the violence across the western state of Michoacán led one respected Mexican columnist , Ciro Gómez Leyva , to compare it to the Tet offensive during the Vietnam war .
In a column headlined “ El Tet michoacano y el principio del fin ” ( “ The Michoacán Tet and the Beginning of the End ” ) , published on Monday in the newspaper Milenio , Mr. Gómez Leyva wrote :
In the drug war , July 11 seems like a sort of Tet offensive , the synchronized , Hollywood - style offensive by South Vietnamese guerrillas and the North Vietnamese Army against U.S. troops in late January 1968 that , despite being described as a military disaster , created the perception that Washington ’s formerly invincible army would never win in Vietnam .
The New York Times
Mr. Gómez Leyva noted that in many of the places the cartel struck on Saturday and Sunday , government officials who are accused of protecting them are now in jail .
As my colleague Elisabeth Malkin reported , Mexican President Felipe Calderón recently “ made Michoacán the front line in a new phase of the drug war when federal authorities arrested 10 mayors and 17 government and police officials , accusing them of protecting drug cartels . ”
In the last line of his column , Mr. Gómez Leyva pointed out that the Michoacán cartel “ is just one of the four cartels against which the Mexican military and police are fighting in a war that , as of July 10 , had claimed 12,800 lives . ”
The violence has not abated this week .
My colleague Marc Lacey reported in Wednesday ’s paper that the authorities determined that “ twelve mutilated corpses discovered late Monday along a mountain road in Michoacán State were off - duty federal police officers . ”
A caption beneath a shocking , graphic photograph from the crime scene accompanying an article in The Los Angeles Times explains , “ The federal police officers found slain in Michoacán state , 11 men and one woman , had been tortured and shot . ”
A BBC video report on the wave of violence also includes images of the slain officers , who were ambushed when they were off duty , kidnapped and killed .
In response the Mexican government is massing its forces for a counter - offensive in Michoacán .
According to this video report by Mexico ’s El Universal , which shows federal forces on their way to the state , the force assembled there on Thursday , including federal police officers , soldiers and sailors , is 4,000 strong .
As a colleague points out , that is the same size as the Marine force taking part in the current U.S. offensive in southern Afghanistan .
The title of El Universal ’s video report is taken from a statement made by Rodolfo Cruz López , the commander of the heavily - armed officers boarding a plane for the state , which translates roughly as : “ We ’re Going to Kick Their Butts . ”
The Los Angeles Times reported that Mexico ’s president said on Tuesday , “ We cannot , we should not , we will not take one step backward in this matter . ”
According to a report from The BBC , Mr. Calderón promised : “ The criminals will not be able to intimidate the federal government . ”
The L.A. Times notes :
Mexicans seem skeptical .
In a new poll , more than half of respondents said they believe the government is losing the war .
Only 28 % said it is winning , according to the survey , published Tuesday in the daily Milenio newspaper .
On Wednesday , Reuters reported that similar scenes were played out in the country ’s north , where the mayor of a ranching town was fatally shot in revenge for the arrest of members of a drug cartel :
Following are excerpts from an interview with Egyptian writer Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk , which aired on Al - Majd TV on April 27 , 2009 .
To view this clip on MEMRI TV , visit http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/2167.
" Columbus Wanted to Liberate Jerusalem From the Muslims "
Interviewer : " American society was not born and did not grow in the United States .
It is a mixed society - a society of immigrants , of different nationalities .
How can it be claimed that this society in its entirety was melted down into a single , utilitarian doctrine , if the original societies , which go back hundreds of years , were not able to melt down its people into a united society ? "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " The main characteristic at the basis of a certain society ...
The ideology or concepts upon which a certain society is based become the main characteristics of the people who join it later .
" I will try to present some of the concepts ...
How was American society formed ?
It might come as a surprise to the viewers that when Christopher Columbus went to America ...
It is taught in every school that he ... "
Interviewer : " ... discovered [ America ] . "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " Yes , he discovered it when he was on his way to India , from the other direction .
He stumbled upon America and discovered it . "
Interviewer : " You say that this is what we are taught .
Do you have a different idea ? "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " Of course .
It was n't like that at all .
This is mentioned in a Western book titled The Conquest of America , which was translated by Shuruq Publishers . "
Interviewer : " It was fabricated ?
It 's a lie ? "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " Completely fabricated .
It is mentioned in the memoirs of Christopher Columbus ... "
Interviewer : " So what is the truth ? "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " The truth is that Christopher Columbus wanted to liberate Jerusalem from the Muslims .
He was trying to reach the Chinese emperor .
" Europe had failed completely in its efforts to attack the Muslims , and to take Jerusalem from them .
Columbus wanted to reach the Chinese emperor from the other direction , and to convince him to give him cavalry in order to liberate Jerusalem .
" Imagine , the whole thing is about aggression .
He stumbled upon this new continent .
When Christopher Columbus discovered this continent ...
" It 's not like we 've been told - that he met a group of barbarian Indians .
According to anthropological studies , the Indians have a civilization that is 12,000 years old - the Mayan civilization .
" It 's not that he did n't encounter a civilization , but the annihilation of that civilization by the pioneers who came with Columbus , and later by the Dutch , the British , and the Portuguese ... "
The Puritans Sought To Annihilate the Natives in Their ' New Israel ' - According to the ' Notion of Annihilation That Appears in the Jewish Books '
" The most significant component of America to this day is the Pu ... Pur ... Puritans , who were of English origin . "
Interviewer : " Could you say it again , as it's such a difficult word ? "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " The Puritans .
They were English Protestants .
They believed - according to Protestant leaders Luther and Calvin - that some people are destined to go to Heaven , while others are destined to go to Hell , and they were among those who were going to Heaven .
America means to them what Israel means to the Jews .
It is the ' New Israel . '
So , just like is written in the Book of Isaiah , they should annihilate the people that lived in this ' Israel . '
" This is the notion of annihilation that appears in the Jewish books .
By annihilating the Indians , they would get closer to their god .
[...]
" Three percent of the people in New York have AIDS .
Half of the children in England are illegitimate .
40 % of all 15 - year - old girls in the US have lost their virginity . "
Interviewer : " In an illegitimate way , mind you ... "
Muhammad Ibrahim Mabrouk : " What does Christianity have to say about this ? "
S.F. City College plan to sell classes OKd S.F. City College
It 's official : City College of San Francisco 's on - again , off - again plan to revive some of its 800 canceled classes by soliciting donations of $ 6,000 per class is on again - mostly .
The college is holding out the hat to anyone willing to pony up $ 6,000 to pay for any semester - long class canceled for next spring , Chancellor Don Griffin told The Chronicle .
So far , eight donations have come in .
What has changed from the original plan , Griffin said , is that restored classes wo n't be named for their benefactors .
" It was a beautiful concept , but I do n't think it works , " said the chancellor , whose campus of 36,000 students attracted surprise attention from television , newspapers and bloggers across the country after he disclosed the idea to The Chronicle in June .
Locally , students and faculty members praised Griffin 's creativity in the face of $ 18 million to $ 20 million in budget cuts from the state .
And Griffin hoped his plan would be in place in time for the fall semester .
But the Board of Trustees balked over the naming rights .
Conjuring up visions of Chevron - sponsored environmental classes or Marlboro - sponsored biology , the board allowed the start of the current semester to come and go on Aug. 17 without ever scheduling a vote on the naming concept .
If donors can't have their names on a classroom , what will be the incentive to spend $ 6,000 to save a class ?
" Because you love to help students , " Griffin said with a smile .
Donors will also get a thank - you letter and be named on the college Web site , he said .
The trustees did make it clear that they wanted the university to retain control over which classes would be restored - even if donors ask to save a specific class .
" You can save classes in specific programs in , say , business , English or math , " Griffin said .
But you can't aim a donation at , say , " Advanced Composition , " one of the canceled English classes .
Eight people - including Griffin - have sent in checks or pledged $ 6,000 since the idea was floated .
One was Mary Allen , 76 , who taught math at City College from 1969 to 1993 , then computer science part time during the 1990s .
Allen has also taken courses at the college every semester for the last quarter century , and said the many canceled classes make her sad .
" City College was good to me , " she said .
" Now it 's pay - back time . "
Allen had not asked to restore any class in particular .
She would have liked to save a math class , but did n't think the college had cut any math .
But it did :
Three intermediate algebras , three elementary algebras and two basic mathematics have all been canceled .
After hearing that , Allen immediately phoned the City College Foundation to ask that her donation save a math class .
They promised it would - but said she could n't choose which class to save .
" It does my heart good , knowing that a mathematics class will be saved , " Allen said .
" I hope it 'll be intermediate algebra . "
Facebook has hired an ex-Liberal Democrat MP to lobby the European Union on the company 's behalf .
Richard Allan , former MP and previous director of European Government affairs at Cisco , has taken on the role of director of European Public Policy for the social networking site to ensure the company 's voice is heard when relevant topics are discussed by EU legislators .
A spokesperson from Facebook told IT PRO : " As we continue to grow in Europe , it is our goal to provide the best possible experience for people using Facebook , from users and developers to advertisers and governments . "
" As part of our continued commitment to maintaining close relationships with European regulators , policymakers and organisations , Richard Allan has been appointed as Facebook 's Director of European Public Policy . "
The company would not give more details on what the role entails , but an analyst said Facebook 's continually debated privacy issues may come into play .
Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at Forrester , said : " Facebook 's strategy is to let its social experience spread beyond its website , and allow people to access their friends on other third party websites using their login features ( Facebook Connect ) .
As a result , the Facebook experience is destined to be iniquitous . "
The agency in charge of U.S. road safety kept secret hundreds of pages of data about the dangers of using cellphones while driving .
The former head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says he feared publishing the details could jeopardize Congressional funding .
Dr. Jeffrey Runge says the data was so compelling that he wanted to write to all of the country 's state governors and warn them of the dangers .
He also wanted to publish the data , including a July 2003 memo concluding with the advice that " drivers not use wireless communication devices , including text messaging systems , when driving , except in an emergency . "
Political Pressures Prevent Fess -Up
However , Runge says an adviser for Transportation Secretary Norman Mineta pressured him into keeping the research quiet .
There is no evidence that Mineta himself was ever aware of the research .
Runge inferred from conversations that some congressmen would see the report 's conclusions as political lobbying rather than mere data - gathering , and that this could affect future funding .
Mike Goodman , who led the NHTSA 's research , says cellphone manufacturers were aware of the study and " frequently " contacted him about it .
He believes these companies may have added to the pressure to keep the research under wraps , but has no specific evidence of this .
( Source : nytimes.com )
Campaign groups including the Center for Auto Safety and also Public Citizen obtained the documents under freedom of information laws .
They have passed them on to the New York Times , which has published them in full .
995 Deaths and 240,000 Injuries in 2002
The research estimated that in 2002 , cellphone use caused 955 deaths and 240,000 injuries .
However , because most police forces do n't gather details of cellphone use in accidents , the researchers had to make an assumption about how often drivers used their phone .
They opted for a figure of six per cent of the time , but now say that may be half the true number .
The study also concluded that laws which ban drivers holding cellphones but allow hands - free calls do little to increase safety because the dangers come mainly from mental distraction .
( Source : google.com )
THE CREDIT TRAP THE CREDIT TRAP Part 1 : How rising home values , easy credit put your finances at risk Part 2 : Why banks are boosting credit card interest rates and fees Part 3 : Credit cards ' soaring rates bite consumers Part 4 : Sliding economy raises questions about credit scores Part 5 : Checking accounts are targets as banks find ways to boost fees Part 6 : Banks ' ' courtesy ' loans at soaring rates irk consumers More Even as regulators crack down on abusive mortgage and credit card practices , another type of lending threatens to mire consumers in a credit trap .
It 's called " courtesy overdraft " and has long been used by banks to automatically pay transactions that account holders do n't have the money to cover — and then charge them a steep fee .
For years , banks have made it easier for customers to overdraw their checking accounts , aided by a cottage industry of consultants who make big money by helping to wring fees out of consumers , a USA TODAY analysis finds .
But what began as a customer service has often become an important revenue driver for banks at the expense of the most vulnerable consumers , according to bank memos reviewed by USA TODAY and interviews with industry insiders .
" This practice has gone awry and needs to be fixed , " says Alex Sheshunoff , a key consultant who once advised banks to pay , not return , overdrawn transactions .
" This is something everyone should be trying to find a solution to , not fighting . "
VIDEO : See a video version of this story at ABC News Nightline Today , each of the nation 's 10 largest banks allows consumers to overdraw with checks , debit cards or at ATMs , a 2009 USA TODAY survey reveals .
Large banks also reserve the right to process large transactions first , triggering more overdraft fees by emptying the account more quickly .
Some even charge consumers before they overdraw by deducting a purchase when it 's made , rather than when it clears , pushing the account into the red sooner .
President Obama signed legislation in May limiting certain credit card practices — such as rate increases on existing debt — that have pushed consumers deeper into distress in a sliding economy .
The government also wants to create a consumer protection agency to supervise loans .
Meanwhile , the Federal Reserve is examining the fairness of certain overdraft practices .
It 's unclear whether those efforts will be enough to rein in overdrafts , now the single - largest driver of consumer fee income for banks .
In 2009 , banks are expected to reap a record $ 38.5 billion from overdraft fees , nearly twice the $ 20.5 billion they stand to collect from credit card penalties such as late and over - limit fees .
Banks say consumers can avoid overdrafts by keeping track of their money .
Consumers contend , though , that banks ' policies make it challenging to avoid fees .
Faith Gordon , 48 , recently sued BB&T bank for allegedly " delaying and rearranging " transactions to maximize overdraft fees .
Gordon , of Atlanta , says banks should change their practices and " be fair to us customers . "
BB&T spokesman Bob Denham says the lawsuit " lacks merit . "
The bank " categorically ( denies ) delaying the posting of items to create overdrafts , " he adds .
Eric Halperin of the Center for Responsible Lending says regulators should examine bank overdraft rules because they " parallel " much - criticized card policies .
Banks are raising fees and imposing similar policies on checking accounts and credit cards , such as charging more for multiple transgressions .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. says if banks cover a $ 20 purchase and charge a $ 27 fee , the loan has a 3,520 % annual percentage rate ( APR ) if paid back in two weeks .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , said if the Fed does n't curb overdraft abuses , he 'll " pursue legislative action . "
Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - N.Y. , has sponsored legislation requiring banks to get consumers ' permission to cover overdrafts , disclose APRs and pay transactions in a way that does n't increase fees .
Banks are lobbying heavily against restrictions .
Why ?
" Overdraft fees are the mother lode of ( deposit ) fees , " says Michael Moebs of Moebs Services , an economic research firm .
" If it were n't for overdraft fees , 45 % of banks and credit unions would n't have made money in 2008 . "
' Bastardized ' revenue
As consumers rein in spending during the recession , overdraft income is growing at a slower pace .
But it 's growing nonetheless as large banks — many of which received billions of dollars in government aid — get more aggressive about fees .
Wachovia , for instance , is discouraging employees from refunding overdraft fees .
A 2007 bank memo obtained by USA TODAY tells employees that the fees " make up a big percentage of our revenue and is ( sic ) a HOT button among leadership . "
Wells Fargo , which owns Wachovia , says it educates customers but also has a " responsibility to shareholders " to collect overdraft fees .
Bank of America now allows consumers to overdraw 10 times a day , up from five last year .
Even so , the bank is charging a lower fee if consumers overdraw by less than $ 5 a day .
Spokeswoman Anne
Pace says the bank wants to help customers but must adjust policies if costs rise .
Yet Brad Nickum , a consultant who advised some of the largest banks on credit card and overdraft income , says profits — not costs — generally drive bank fees .
" We 've got this bastardized revenue stream that gets a disproportionate amount from a small portion of the customer base , " Nickum says .
The 10 % of checking accounts with the lowest balances generate about 40 % of overdraft revenue , estimates Andrew Dresner , a partner at payment consulting firm Oliver Wyman .
Sarah Davis , 25 , paid $ 600 in fees over three days because of a smaller - than - expected paycheck and her bank 's policy of allowing repeated overdrafts .
She says she understands that banks need to make money .
But " when ( the policy ) starts to affect the people working minimum - wage jobs , then it's not the most socially responsible , " says Davis , a part - time employee at a bookstore .
Scott Talbott , chief lobbyist for the Financial Services Roundtable , representing large banks , says it 's " unfortunate that low - and moderate - income Americans find themselves ( using ) overdraft services more often . "
But when banks pay overdrafts , consumers can save money , Moebs says .
That 's because some merchants charge for returned checks .
The penalties , along with banks ' own charges , can cost more than the fee levied if the bank paid the transaction .
Banks also point out that consumers can sign up for less - expensive overdraft services such as a transfer from savings .
Moebs fears that if banks are restricted from charging overdrafts , some may go out of business while others could bounce overdrafts , marring consumers ' credit records .
Overdrafts were n't always such a profit center .
Some banks used to sort through bounced checks daily , figuring out which to cover based on their relationship with customers .
Others refused all overdrawn transactions .
In the 1960s , Gerald F. Fitzgerald , founder of Suburban Bancorp of Palatine , Ill. , was one of the first to begin paying more overdrawn transactions rather than bouncing the checks .
He says he did so as a service to " good " customers .
The trend gained momentum in the 1990s when banker Sam Davis joined Strunk & Associates consulting firm .
He looked into how banks could profitably extend small - amount loans to consumers .
In 1996 , the firm rolled out software nationwide that made it easier to automatically pay overdrafts .
Firms such as Pinnacle Financial and John M. Floyd marketed similar programs .
Also in 1996 , a Supreme Court decision and a bank regulatory rule effectively gave the industry authority to raise certain fees as much as they wanted .
A new law forced some government benefit recipients to set up electronic deposit .
Direct deposits made overdrafts less risky because banks could recover debts on consumers ' next pay day .
The Truth in Lending Act , signed into law in 1968 , sanctioned overdrafts , Moebs says , by defining them as credit , but not as loans subject to disclosures about interest rates .
These events created " fertile ground " for overdraft - fee abuses , which consulting firms spread through the industry , says Chi Chi Wu of the National Consumer Law Center .
Some consultants offered banks ways to boost overdraft and credit card revenue .
A 2001 " checklist " from Profit Technologies — a firm that has worked with 19 of the USA 's 20 largest banks — has more than 600 strategies .
Some are cost - cutting ideas such as printing a dispute form on the back of credit card bills to curb phone calls .
But most relate to income from fees .
One strategy listed to boost overdrafts : " Allow consumers to overdraw their ... accounts at the ATM up to the bank 's internally set limit . "
To increase credit card fees , banks can " delay crediting of payments not received in bank provided envelop ( sic ) or for which payment coupon is not received for up to 5 days , " and " remove bar coding from remittance envelopes , " slowing the payment .
Patrick Fox , president of Profit Technologies , says the document USA TODAY obtained " look (s ) like our work . "
The list , he adds , is a " collection of ( bank ) practices , " but the firm does n't necessarily recommend each one .
Still , the practices confirm consumer groups ' greatest fear .
" We always thought what ( the industry ) was doing was deliberate .
Now we know it is , " Wu says .
Because consultants typically make money when banks do — firms take up to one - third of banks ' first - year profits on a recommendation , court records show — they have incentive to pitch aggressive fee strategies .
In the 1990s , Earnings Performance Group , a consulting firm , estimated PNC boosted its revenue by about $ 7 million a year when it took the firm 's advice to pay more overdrafts , court records say .
PNC later sued EPG , saying another overdraft strategy failed to yield an additional $ 5 million a year , as promised .
READ : PNC 's complaint against EPG .
Gerald Smith , a founder of EPG , which closed last year , says PNC calculated the benefits " incorrectly " and would n't let the consulting firm check the results .
Smith says that while some consulting firms and banks are too aggressive with overdraft policies , EPG tried to recommend plans that were " fair " to customers but would bring the " most revenue " to banks .
Davis of Strunk & Associates says courtesy overdraft is a " value ( consumers ) are very willing to pay for . "
Yet E. Adam Webb , an Atlanta lawyer who has sued several banks , says consultants pushed banks into " a race to the bottom " with overdrafts .
" These fees have gone through the roof because of all the tactics they use , " he says .
Banks also have their own employees working to find new fees .
Jake Drew , a former vice president in MBNA and Bank of America 's " revenue - optimization " group , worked for nearly 10 years with a dozen others implementing credit card policies .
Based on this experience , Drew believes regulators need to limit what banks can do — rather than saying what they can't do .
" Banks have thousands more resources to come up with other revenue - generating ideas , " says Drew , who was fired this year for refusing to sign an employee agreement governing ownership of his work .
Bank of America declined to comment .
Fox says the industry should n't apologize for strategies that benefit shareholders : " Let 's not be naïve .
Banks are doing things to make money . "
' Very apologetic ' Has banks ' pursuit of profit gone too far ?
Ken Vollmer , 49 , of Augusta , Ga. , thinks so .
He sued Wachovia this year , alleging it " purposely structured transactions to make money . "
A merchant mistakenly put a hold on his funds , then the bank cleared transactions from high to low , triggering hundreds in overdraft fees , he says .
Spokeswoman Richele Messick says Wachovia processes transactions in an " appropriate " way and will " vigorously defend " itself in the case .
Banks clear larger payments first , says Talbott , because they tend to be more important .
But Douglass Colbert , who advised banks on overdraft and card strategies at Profit Technologies , says fees are a key driver .
" Banks will say ( high - to - low clearing ) is for the consumer , " he says .
" Bottom line is , when it was pitched , we 'd say ... a side effect is that it results in more fee income to you because it bounces more checks . "
Colbert says that after leaving Profit Technologies , he joined a credit - counseling firm and saw the damage fees did to consumers .
Sheshunoff says overdrafts have become abusive and merit tight regulation : " Overdrafts started happening too easily .
I 'm very apologetic that it morphed into what it ( did ) . "
Contributing : Taylor McGraw Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I have no hard evidence to back up my claim other than my oldest sister .
She could care less about sports , but loved to surf the trash blogs every day .
I ’ll check out a few every now and then , but my blog - browsing is usually limited to sports and news .
Today , WWTDD posted some pictures of former Girl Next Door Kendra Wilkinson .
She famously wed Eagles WR Hank Baskett sometime not too long ago , so she ’s all about the Eagles now .
In the pictures , it looks like there might be a Steelers blanket on the couch , which would be downright blasphemous to her new husband .
The readers / commenters took notice :
dirtydiane : “ and what the f**k is a steelers blanket doing on the couch ?
her husband is an eagle for christ ’s sake … someone deserves a beating for that shit . ”
SuperB : “ are we sure that is a Steelers blankie or Chargers , cause shes all Charger obsessed . ”
dirtydiane : “ those are the steelers colors and the font .
no charger blue anywhere on there . ”
Zombie : “ Good eye on the Steelers and Eagles stuff ..
And here I always thought she was a Chargers fan ? ”
Except that IS a Chargers blanket ( from what I can tell ) .
But I guess we ’ll just leave those who lurk on gossip blogs to their own ignorance .
From what I hear , it ’s absolute bliss .
New cables could revolutionise communications in the region
The first undersea cable to bring high - speed internet access to East Africa has gone live .
The fibre - optic cable , operated by African - owned firm Seacom , connects South Africa , Tanzania , Kenya , Uganda and Mozambique to Europe and Asia .
The firm says the cable will help to boost the prospects of the region 's industry and commerce .
The cable - which is 17,000 km long - took two years to lay and cost more than $ 650 m .
Seacom said in a statement the launch of the cable marked the " dawn of a new era for communications " between Africa and the rest of the world .
The services were unveiled in ceremonies in the Kenyan port of Mombasa and the Tanzanian city of Dar es Salaam .
School benefits
The cable was due to be launched in June but was delayed by pirate activity off the coast of Somalia .
It 's not good .
It 's hanging and keeps wasting time and frustrating me
Kenyan internet user
Cable ushers in broadband era The BBC's Ben Mwangunda in Dar es Salaam says five institutions are already benefiting from the faster speeds - national electricity company Tanesco , communications company , TTCL , Tanzania Railways and the Universities of Dar es Salaam and Dodoma .
The BBC's Will Ross in Nairobi says the internet revolution trumpeted by Seacom largely depends on how well the service is rolled out across the region .
To the disappointment of many consumers , our correspondent says some ISPs ( internet service providers ) are not planning to lower the cost of the internet , but instead will offer increased bandwidth .
But businesses , which have been paying around $ 3,000 a month for 1MB through a satellite link , will now pay considerably less - about $ 600 a month .
The Kenyan government has been laying a network of cables to all of the country 's major towns and says the fibre - optic links will also enable schools nationwide to link into high quality educational resources .
But our correspondent says it is not clear whether the internet revolution will reach the villages , many of which still struggle to access reliable electricity .
Are you in Africa ?
How will the new broadband cable help you , or your business ?
Have slow internet speeds been holding you back ?
Have you noticed any difference in speed today ?
Here are some of your comments :
For the first time today , i experienced a high speed internet connection .
I hope that the service costs will also go down as the result of this revolution .
William , Dar es Salaam , Tanzania
I 'm currently living in South Africa and the new connection is long overdue and very welcomed !
The speed today is a little bit faster , at 240 kb / s on a home broadband connection .
However , as you said , the price are n't going to decrease .
I 'm currently paying R260 per month ( about £ 20 ) for up to 384 kb / s and download cap of 2GB each month .
At that rate , the digital divide is only going to get larger for the very countries the Seacom cable is supposed to help .
Dana , Johannesburg , South Africa
I 've noticed no difference in speed .
Are we linked in Maputo ???
Are we riding the highways on a donkey cart instead of a powerful means of transportation ?
Ma , Maputo Mozambique
Speeds over the last couple of days have been worse than usual , even using expensive mobile provider 's modem - hope this isnt a sign of things to come .
S Keates , Mombasa , Kenya Am grateful for this development .
I have an internet cafe but almost all the proceeds were going to subscription .
With the new development , am optimistic my business is going to flourish with probably lower subscription costs .
Thanks to the heads behind
Ssendagire , Kampala , Uganda
This the best news i have had in days because my problems have been solved long live seacom and the crew no more hours of waiting for a page and work is gone be simply
Jeans , kampala , uganda
We in the United Nations ICT community are thrilled with this development .
The Alternate fibre optic network will not only reduce our overall cost of doing business in Africa , specifically for peacekeeping missions , but would also allow us to channel high content data and Video transmissions with ease .
Allan , United Nations
Internet network business here , have not been constant , is either slow or there is no network on the server , is so sad most times , except some certain links that most times browse fast to give needed information .
When will your company get here ?
Daniel , Aba Abia State , Nigeria
How this will help us getting better and especially cheaper internet connection .
I have a B&B and restaurants and I pay 300 USD per month for an unsatisfying 512 M that I never get full speed for what I spend .
Sylvain , Bujumbura , Burundi South African ISPs have indicated that South African consumers can not expect any price drops in near future .
It seems to be business as usual while their profit margins increase .
Chris , Cape Town , South Africa
I worry that the new services may still be costly .
We 're a gargantuan market at the mercy of only a handful of providers .
Benjamin , Nairobi , Kenya I am happy that even my small village will also be linked with this cable .
And to easen my studies I hope E - learning will be even possible at shaks rather than at schools and I hope the company will be able to regulate the cyber browsing prices all over the country .
I think also internet services will be the services of choice in the near future cause as per internet revolution very many things has been a landmark to success .
Thanks for the netting Africa with the rest of the world through this fibre cable .
Kerio , Turkana , Kenya Being in the land locked country of Zambia without access to a coastline means that we do not have direct access to fibre optic connections .
This means most of our international traffic goes through Vsat links back to an ISP in Belgium .
You mentioned rural internet in Africa could be an issue due to electricity supply .
You are correct , that is the big problem , because I can access the internet as I am doing now through the local GSM radio site of my mobile phone provider , and these towers are everywhere in the bush .
Its just a matter of powering either my mobile or laptop first .
Paul , Lusaka , Zambia
We are already witnessing increased development in the broadband sector .
Just 3 weeks ago , a new ISP launched its services in Kampala to which we are already subscribing ( They are slightly cheaper ) .
The capacity made available by the Seacom cable will encourage more players thus driving the costs down in the process .
And the beauty about Uganda is that the regulatory regime is very open and flexible .
It is an exciting time to be in East Africa .
I can't wait .
Herbert , Kampala , Uganda
It 's good news that we are getting the submarine cable .
The last cable landed almost a month ago and we have not experienced any changes in the cost of prices and speed .
Seems it will take a while for these changes to apply .
Just hope its better this time .
The speeds are hopelessly slow .
Even watching YouTube is painfully slow
Githaiga , Nairobi Hopefully this means the website I want to create for my business can become a reality .
Previous attempts have failed to lure foreign customers .
They would give up half way through the online order process because the web pages would load so slowly .
This was caused by the speed of the connections out of South Africa being too slow .
I also run a website for a radio control car club where I would like to host video files of the races we have .
Greg , Cape Town , South Africa
Whilst this is great news for everyone annoyed by slow internet connections , I am afraid to raise a few doubts :
It is unlikely that fast internet connections are going to be available to users " up country " any time soon .
This is because cables allowing such high traffic will have to be laid first , and then there 's always the issue of electricity , which is so far restricted to larger towns and cities .
However , here in Dar es Salaam I 'm sure the change will bring great relief , as internet connections are especially slow in Tanzania 's economic capital due to the high demand .
Johannes , Dar es Salaam , TZ Promises promises promises , but when will small inland towns like Gulu in northern Uganda enjoy the benefits of the long awaited data transfer fibre optic cables ?
I am spend too much time trying to send this comment .
Is it about to change in the near future ?
Hopefully .
Rachkara , Gulu , Uganda
I am a web developer in Nairobi and the new fibre optic initiative could n't come at a better time .
Currently , we have to worry about how interactive the websites we develop are due to slow access speeds and this limits the look and feel of our work to the users .
Now however , I hope that with speed as a non-issue , everyone can enjoy the " work of our hands " .... and brains of course !
Stephen , Nairobi , kenya
The upgrading of internet services to the fast broadband will certainly boost online communication with the rest of the world .
Especially for our school , located deep in the slums of Kawangware in Nairobi , and currently exchanging programmes with UK schools through the global gateway will be made easy .
Several partner schools have left us due to poor communication records we have had with them .
Through the broadband , we expect to heighten our communication with the , enabling our children to appreciate the world through interactions online .
Pictures that have been a problem to download , will hopefully be quick to reach the outstretched hands !
Simon , nairobi , kenya
This is very good and encouraging news to hear .
I have been waiting for this for such a long time now and will now encourage me to move my business to Uganda very quickly .
I am delightened that last it has arrived .
Herrick , France it has been holding us back like to make call in Tz when your in Rwanda it cost much even hearing each other become 's problem .
for internet cafe you can't watch live football or Music and BBC news .
Sound 's good for East Africa .
Ivan , Kigali , Rwanda
I work in a college which offers some of the country 's best diplomas ( and we 've just introduced a few degree courses , recently ) .
However , poor internet connections have significantly hindered our activities and objectives of delivering " first class " education .
It has not been easy to access online materials such as journals and books .
Likewise , our students and colleges , at large , have always been failing to purchase books and other learning materials from various websites .
I genuinely hope that this new technology will have positive impact on the development of African continent .
Juma , Dar es Salaam , Tanzania
This is going to change everything .
Am anxiously waiting for it to reach Uganda .
Congratulations SEACOM .
Kyomuhendo , Fort Portal , Uganda Maybe I 'll finally be able to PvP as a normal human being in world of warcraft .
Its really not fun trying to interrupt a 1.5 second heal with 1.49 seconds delay .
Nick , Middelburg , South Africa
Very great start of a wonderful achievement .
The effective development of the region and the whole Africa is coming from that way ( The EASSY Cable ) .
Sylvestre , Bujumbura& Burundi
The impact fast internet connection ( broadband ) will make on my business will be phenomenal .
About 95 % of my work is internet based because sometimes i am online to three people across two or more continents daily .
It will make me more efficient and increase my output .
Patrick , Lagos , Nigeria
This is fantastic for our business ,
There will be no more waiting for ages download and no more echo on voice .
More savings for our business too .
Victor , Nairobi Kenya Living and working in the Outer Hebrides , off the west coast of Scotland , I can only envy the residents of the east coast of Africa .
Here , we are still waiting for broadband .
Those who have it have no choice but to sign up to an insanely expensive wireless relay system which is unreliable , slow and expensive .
80 pounds a month for a speed of 2 Mb and a capped limit of a few Gb .
The council do n't care ; they are too busy trying to stop ferries running on a sunday to bother with issues such as technology I need to earn a living .
Maybe I should move my family to Somalia , which has entered the 21st century before here ?
Angus , North Uist , Outer Hebrides
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So ill he could not move , Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart supposedly sang parts of his final masterpiece , " Requiem , " from his deathbed .
Two centuries later , the exact cause of the Austrian composer 's premature death , in December 1791 at age 35 , is still a mystery .
This portrait by painter Johann Georg Edlinger , showed Mozart not long before his mysterious death in 1791 .
Theories abound .
It 's known that his entire body was so swollen he could n't turn over in bed ; some say jealous rivals poisoned him , while others suggest scarlet fever , tuberculosis , or lethal trichinosis from undercooked pork .
Now , new evidence points to an altogether different conclusion : Mozart may have died from kidney damage caused by a strep infection , possibly strep throat .
Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ?
8 causes of chronic cough
Dr. Richard H.C. Zegers of the University of Amsterdam and his colleagues analyzed data from Vienna 's death registry .
Researchers had not previously analyzed the daily death registry -- begun in handwritten script in 1607 and maintained until 1920 -- for clues to Mozart 's death .
Zegers and his team looked at information for 5,011 adults who died during three consecutive winters starting in 1790 , as well as eyewitness accounts of Mozart 's death , according to the study published this week in Annals of Internal Medicine .
" By looking at the patterns of death during Mozart 's time and combining them with the signs and symptoms of his final disease , we have not one but two pillars on which our theory is built , " said Zegers .
" Although we can't be 100 percent conclusive , I 'm convinced that we have come very near the exact reason he died . "
The researchers found that there were more than 500 deaths related to edema , the swelling caused by fluid in the body 's tissues .
Edema was the third most common cause of death at the time , after tuberculosis and malnutrition / cachexia , a physical wasting - away that was possibly caused by cancer or diabetes .
Health.com : Your nutrition needs in your 30s , 40s , and 50s
During the winter of 1791 , there was a spike in edema - related deaths among younger men , possibly because of an epidemic of strep throat , according to Zegers .
He and his colleagues suspect that the epidemic 's origin was the local military hospital , since crowded quarters are more conducive to the rapid spread of airborne bacteria such as group A Streptococcus , which can cause strep throat .
Strep throat can progress to rheumatic fever , which can lead to heart valve and joint damage ; scarlet fever , which is characterized by a skin rash ; and poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis ( APSGN ) , a condition that causes fluid buildup throughout the body because of kidney damage .
Health.com :
How one doctor helps patients avoid kidney problems
Strep bacteria 's serious side effects are why today 's experts recommend testing and prompt antibiotic treatment of strep , which causes a fiery red throat , severe pain and a high fever .
However , most present - day throat infections are caused by viruses ( in which case antibiotics are useless ) , and they often go away without treatment or serious complications .
Dr. Martin Schreiber , the head of the nephrology and hypertension department at the Cleveland Clinic , in Ohio , said that the researchers might be on the right track .
" Is this plausible ?
Yes , " said Schreiber .
" But is it definitive ?
No . "
Contrary to previous theories suggesting that Mozart died in extremely rare circumstances , the new study does have a more reasonable conclusion based on what was happening in the community , Schreiber said .
" Using the most credible sources available from that period , they 're relying upon deductive reasoning .
I 'm not sure if there 's a more scientific approach to doing this , " he added .
Even though the death registry 's data helps shed light on Mozart 's cause of death , significant gaps still leave doubt .
Many people witnessed the composer 's final days , but most of those accounts were published decades after his death .
Historians have found no written accounts by Mozart 's physicians , and have relied largely on medical reports by a doctor who was familiar with the case -- but did n't treat the composer .
Other sources used in the study include a biography written by the composer 's wife 's second husband , Georg Nikolaus von Nissen , and an eyewitness account given by Mozart 's sister - in - law , Sophie Haibel , 33 years after his death .
Dr. Stephen Gluck , a nephrologist at the University of California , San Francisco , finds some faults with the new theory :
There are no accounts of Mozart suffering from a sore throat in the last weeks of his life ; nor were there reports of high blood pressure or blood in his urine .
All are telltale signs of APSGN .
Gluck adds that APSGN now occurs mainly in children and is nonfatal in most cases .
Mozart 's cause of death is listed on the city 's official registry as hitziges Frieselfieber , or miliary fever , a condition whose symptoms include a high temperature and rash .
Zegers suggested this guess was made by a layperson instead of a medical authority because it was a term widely used to describe symptoms instead of an actual medical diagnosis .
Although a rash is a symptom of scarlet fever , which is also caused by strep bacteria , it 's more likely that Mozart 's death was due to strep throat , Zegers said .
None of the people who were with him during the last weeks of life reported that he had a rash , suggesting that he had the rash only at the time of his death .
Scarlet fever 's rash shows up the first or second day after you get sick and then subsides within six to nine days , said Zegers , so that condition is unlikely to have been the cause of death .
Health.com :
Four things you did n't know about natural medicine
What 's more , Mozart was reported to have had a fever in the fall of 1791 , which may have been caused by the initial strep infection , the researchers say .
Some strep complications can occur weeks after the initial infection , and it's possible that Mozart had a sore throat before or at the time of his death and it was n't recorded .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Strep Throat • Kidney Failure • Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Four Russians , a Frenchman and a German ended a simulated 105 - day space trip in Moscow on Tuesday designed to test their responses in the kind of isolated surroundings they would experience in a manned mission to Mars .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Stepping out of their sealed compartments in a Moscow scientific complex , the crew members were ending one test just as space agencies step up preparations for a longer 520 - day isolation experiment expected to start next year .
The six men were monitored constantly as they responded to physical tests in cramped conditions designed to better understand how humans would cope on a Mars mission , that would take at least 500 days .
All six smiled , waved and put their arms around each other as they emerged into the first sunlight they had seen since March 31 last , giving no indication that any personal animosities developed in the quarantined environment .
“ The level of understanding and motivation of the crew was perfect from my point of view as commander , ” Russian cosmonaut and scientist Sergei Ryazansky told a news conference at Moscow ’s Institute of Medical and Biological Problems .
Roskosmos and European Space Agency tested stress levels for the isolated crew , including the use of a 20 - minute delay in contact with the control team , intended to mimic the vast distances radio signals would travel to a distant space craft .
Officials said they would analyze the results to fine - tune both the process for selecting participants in the forthcoming 520 - day test and the routine they must endure .
Ryazansky said that when the time delay kicked in , his crew , who wore astronaut - style uniforms , behaved more autonomously .
“ Most of the very important decisions were made by the crew itself because the level of communications with ‘ Earth ’ was definitely not enough to understand every problem , to analyze the reasons for different questions , ” he said .
French airline pilot Cyrille Fournier said the time went quickly as they were kept busy .
He was now leaving Moscow with five new friends .
“ If we realized someone was tired or upset or whatever because of an experiment because of a lack of sleep then we adapted our speech for this crew member , ” Fournier said .
“ A monotonous regime was applied to us , every minute was full of work .
There were some periods in which we could relax , but you cannot really relax , you think about being far from your loved ones , far from your family , ” said Alexei Baranov , a medical doctor .
Oliver Knickel , a mechanical engineer in the German army , said national backgrounds made no difference inside the four - linked capsules where they exercised , studied and grew their own vegetables .
“ We represent different countries and there are differences in mentalities but very soon we began to see ourselves as one team and we could do everything together , even if there were some differences , of course , ” said Knickel .
But since the experiment was based in a Moscow suburb , the participants did not experience zero gravity , ate controlled quantities of normal food - not the toothpaste - style tubes used in space - and knew they could leave in an emergency .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
Beer review of Brooklyn Pennant Ale ' 55 , Brooklyn Brewery , Brooklyn beer
Brooklyn Pennant Ale ' 55 : Exactly what it should be
Beer Reviews / Food & Drink Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Brooklyn Brewery is one of the steadfast and true American breweries .
I do n't think they 've ever made a beer I did n't like .
They do this by sticking to what real beer is and should be .
They do n't concoct strange and ridiculous new " styles " by throwing in unusual ingredients .
They do n't over - hop , over - malt or over - think the beer .
They just consistently produce quality beer that tastes exactly as it should .
Brooklyn Pennant
Ale is the ideal English Pale Ale .
There are n't any English Pale Ales in England that are any better than this .
While it goes completely against the trend of the hour in America , and pumps the malt rather than the hops , this is what beer tastes like .
Sorry hop - heads .
It pours honey - colored with a medium - sized head that soon fades , leaving only some thin lacing .
The aroma is on the weak side but hints at the sweet and fruity malt that dominates this ale .
This is a malty beer and makes no apologies .
As promised , those sweet flavors come right out front with biscuit and grape and caramel .
Then , just as you think you 're in for one of those over - malted , sticky messes brewed by less adept hands , the perfect amount of hops comes out right at the end to finish the whole thing off with a dry , crisp bite .
Pennant
Ale is a good drinking beer .
Very smooth with less carbonation , but enough body to supply some heft without bogging you down .
It 's appropriately named after the Boys of Summer – the 1955 Brooklyn Dodgers .
It tastes a bit old fashioned .
I can imagine the guys in suits and hats back in Ebbets Field drinking something like this .
It 's definitely a good summer brew .
At 5 % alcohol , these can be knocked back on those long , hot days after the mowing is done .
On the boat , beach , hammock ....
It also goes well with all the food of summer .
Hamburgers and steaks especially , but for some reason I always think of Chinese food when I have one of these .
I think it would match very well with that , or spicy Thai .
It is more of a laid back beer that 's happy to go with the flow .
Worlds better than all the rest of that watery rubbish found in those summer coolers , but without any European pretentiousness .
You can't really go wrong with anything from Brooklyn Brewery , but if the Pennant is there , that 's the one I usually grab .
Brooklyn beer makes beer that stays true to the particular style .
If they say it 's a lager – it 's going to taste exactly like a lager should .
The IPA is an IPA .
This Pennant Ale is the benchmark English Pale Ale .
They do n't age it in rare rainforest wood barrels , or cram in so many hops that you feel like you 're chewing a mouthful of them right off the vine .
If you want science experiments , pick any one of the other micros off the rack .
That 's not what Brooklyn is about .
You wo n't be getting a slice of fruit on top .
Their beer is n't trendy , flashy or cool – just very good .
Here is an HDR photo of downtown Atlanta from Olympic Park .
This is not the shot I wanted , although I am still happy with it .
I had a run-in with the law this evening while I was with my friends Scott Kublin and Rick Shearer .
Just next door to the Olympic Park is the aquarium and the Coke Museum with a big field in between .
There were about a fifty people or so there at the park .
I set up my tripod to take a photo of downtown and the Coke Museum was in the middle of the shot .
A female cop of came over and told me I had to take down the tripod because I looked like a professional .
Coke does not allow that , so she said .
I said I ’m a blogger with expensive toys and hardly a threat .
Then she got quite huffy and agitated before telling me if I did not take down the tripod that I would be arrested .
This policy is absurd .
She claimed that Coke is worried about their brand and image so professionals need special permission .
So , it ’s okay for amateurs with crappy camera - phones to take photos and upload to Facebook and Flickr ?
But not me , someone that can make their building look amazing ?
And they do n’t want their pretty museum to be on a popular travel blog that gets over a quarter million visits a month and millions a year ?
Or even , who cares if I was not that popular and only 10 people saw it ?
In fact , in the world of social media , Coke ( and every other company with old - rules made by out - of - touch people ) should welcome people like me that are making their brand even more popular .
And to think , I had just had a Coke .
Additional Note :
There ’s also quite a discussion happening over on the Facebook Thread and the Flickr Thread if you want to read even more about it !
Thanks again for the interesting discussion and your insightful stories !
Finally , here is a useful guide for all the legalities around photography …
We are in the midst of a revolution in urban agriculture .
In a growing number of cities , suburbs , and small towns , community groups and entrepreneurs have discovered innovative ways to harvest and grow food , using networks of relatively small plots of public and private land and shared resources , and in the process , forging novel relationships among producers and consumers .
While these innovations are based on historical precedents , from the radical Diggers movement of 17th century Britain , to sharecropping arrangements , the victory garden movements during the World Wars , and recent community supported agriculture systems , they are unique in that they apply social networking tools , mapping technologies , unusual land tenure arrangements , or novel business models to forage and farm cities and suburbs .
In addition , while they are grassroots , and based on aggregated small - scale production , collection , and distribution , they are replicable components of a civic agriculture network that has the potential to scale up , producing an increasing amount of food in cities and suburbs , putting urban land to productive use , recovering food that would otherwise be wasted , and helping to re-localize urban food systems .
The programs and businesses are distinctive because they are tailored to the unique people and places in which they are created .
However , they generally fall into one of the following broad categories :
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
(1) Gleaning Social Networks – urban foragers who harvest fruits , nuts , and other edibles growing on public spaces and , sometimes , on private land , often to contribute this bounty to the needy ;
(2) Peer - to - Peer Agriculture – networks of urban landowners who lend their properties , perhaps as little as a rear or side yard , to those with the inclination to produce food , in some cases to share the bounty and in other cases simply for altruistic reasons ;
(3) Aggregated Urban Micro - Farms – urban farmers who aggregate multiple small parcels of privately owned land into quantities that are cost - effective to farm .
The food production is either provided for a fee or for a share of the produce , which is in some cases distributed through a CSA model ;
Gleaning Social Networks
Gleaning , or collecting the excess crops on farmers ’ fields to donate the food to the needy , is an ancient practice referred to in the Old Testament .
Throughout much of the world , people still forage for food growing in public spaces .
In many cities , however , such practices are discouraged or prohibited , despite the fact that cities often have fruit and nut trees , shrubs producing edible berries , and other wild edibles .
In recent years , a number of gleaning social networks have emerged to educate the public about the availability of edible landscapes in their community , and to encourage the collection of fruits , nuts , and other food growing in public ( and with permission ) private spaces .
Sponsoring groups have organized events to harvest fruit , produced online maps illustrating where publicly accessible fruits , nuts , and berries can be found , and have facilitated the distribution of excess produce gleaned from these sources .
These programs not only facilitate the consumption of food already being produced in a community , but by making these resources visible and demonstrating the benefits of edible landscapes , hope to promote the planting of fruit and nut trees as a viable way to produce food in cities .
Examples :
Village Harvest , San Jose — a non-profit organization with approximately 700 volunteers who harvest backyard fruit and distribute it to community organizations through a program called Harvesting for the Hungry .
Fallen Fruit Collective , Los Angeles — artist collective and activist organization that organizes walks to gather fruit from trees extending over public property .
LifeCycles Fruit Tree Project , Victoria , B.C. — links residents who have , but do not completely harvest , fruit trees growing on their property with volunteers willing to pick the fruit , and individuals and organizations who need access to fresh produce .
Peer - to - Peer Agriculture
Exchange and sharing networks are designed to more productively use the land that exists in people ’s yards for food production .
They range from websites that link those with available land who are willing to allow landless residents interested in gardening to grow food on their property to more complex social networks that facilitate land sharing and also food bartering .
These schemes rely for their success on citizens willing to enter into non-financial relationships with others to either achieve mutual gain or the simple satisfaction of turning a fallow resource ( such as their unused yard space ) into a more productive space .
Examples :
Patch Match , London — web - based organization that links growers , landowners , and those who have gardening skills .
Grow Local , Victoria , Australia — web - based food producing network , linking together food producers within a particular community and enabling them to share and / or barter their food , plants , seeds , and potentially , tools and skills .
Aggregated Urban Micro-Farms
Cities have significant amounts of land suitable for growing food , divided into yards of varying size and shape .
Some entrepreneurial gardeners have created businesses turning backyards into intensive vegetable patches , often for a simple fee for service .
In other cases ( currently clustered in Portland and San Francisco , but emerging in other cities ) the business model involves aggregating a number of intensively planted micro-farms into a scale that produces sufficient food to operate a viable CSA subscription service .
To the participating land owners , who provide the property to grow food and get a weekly box of produce in return , this system offers a greater variety of food than can be grown on one ’s own particular parcel .
Moreover , depending on their level of interest , skills , and time , households may also participate in some or much of the planting , tending , and harvesting .
Examples :
Your Backyard Farmer , Portland — Portland company that farms a collection of individual backyards and sells the produce to the homeowners and others through a CSA - type subscription model .
Individual households contract with Your Backyard Farmer to prepare raised beds , seed them with vegetable varieties selected by the property owner , and tend the micro - farm throughout the growing season .
Each week , the business then delivers harvested produce aggregated from all of the farmed backyards to the household .
My Farm , San Francisco — San Francisco - based company farming a cluster of backyards with a slightly different business model .
For some households , My Farm acts like a specialized gardening service .
Households pay $ 600 to $ 1,000 to create their garden , plus weekly maintenance costs of $ 20 to $ 35 , and have exclusive use of the harvest .
Others , particularly those with larger gardens ( called “ owner members ” ) pay a reduced weekly fee and instead give up a portion of the harvest to My Farm for resale in a CSA - type subscription .
San Francisco residents without backyards are able to order weekly shares of the produce harvested from those owner members producing food for My Farm ’s CSA .
Amyitis Gardens , San Francisco : Neighborhood - based farming system that provides restaurants in the Mission District with food grown in backyards throughout the community .
Residents allowing their backyards to be farmed receive some of the produce , and in exchange for providing the excess to local restaurants , receive discounts for meals at those restaurants .
Assessment
Distributed farming offers the possibility of increasing food production in cities and suburbs through networks of small - scale efforts .
While each project contributes a very small percentage of a city ’s food supply , in the aggregate a significant amount of food can be produced if intensive farming techniques are used .
Indeed , a distributed farming system may be the most suited to fitting food production into the existing urban landscape , which is a patchwork of vacant land , yards , and rooftops owned by individuals , businesses and government agencies .
Although , by some estimates , cities like Philadelphia and Chicago have tens of thousands of vacant parcels , many of which have the potential for food production in raised beds or movable container farming , these are scattered throughout large areas and are owned by many different individuals .
If connected through community - based programs and businesses , a wide range of public and private sites , from schools and housing projects city parks , utility right of ways , and roof tops , can be put into food production .
Moreover , distributed urban farming ventures , while in some cases organized primarily for profit , are distinguished from conventional farming ventures in that they involve some form of community building and require a significant amount of social interaction with community members .
In contrast to conventional agriculture practiced in rural areas , distributed urban farming involves navigating complex social , economic , political , and technical issues .
All community participants in the process engage in problem solving , from identifying and mapping edible vegetation to offering gardening advice in exchange for a portion of the harvest .
Whether an individual participating in a distributed farming enterprise is passively contributing space for a garden or actively foraging to distribute fruit to a senior center , he or she is grounded in place and part of a larger effort to meet the nutritional needs of his / her community .
As a result of having to mobilize the community to acquire land , assemble volunteer labor , develop relationships among producers and consumers , and create relationships of trust among people using property in common , these activities help to build a resilient , civic urban agriculture community .
Photo : My Farm
Bobby Jindal holds a " check " sending stimulus dollars to Vernon Parrish in Louisiana .
:::
Think Progress flags a gem from America 's leading " anti-stimulus " governor :
Jindal traveled to Anacoco , Louisiana to present a jumbo - sized check to residents of Vernon Parish .
The funds included hundreds of thousands of dollars directly from the Recovery Act — at least $ 157,848 in Community Block Grant money authorized by the Recovery Act and $ 138,611 for Byrne / JAG job training programs created by the Recovery Act .
Rather than credit the federal government or the Recovery Act he opposed , Jindal printed his own name on the corner of the massive check .
This is just the latest example of Jindal 's hypocrisy on the stimulus .
Earlier this year , Gov. Jindal took credit for $ 19.5 million in Byrne / JAG grants funded at least in part by the stimulus bill , and three weeks ago , Jindal announced $ 7 million in stimulus act grants for Louisiana coastal restoration , saying " these funds will enable us to expand a groundbreaking coastal restoration project . "
In that case , Jindal 's office released a statement from The Nature Conservancy crediting the stimulus act .
" We are very excited about this project being one of two Louisiana projects selected by NOAA for American Relief and Recovery Act funding , " state director Dr. Keith Ouchley said .
In his response to the President 's address to Congress , Jindal had complained about a similar program which funded volcano monitoring in Alaska .
Jindal also requested federal stimulus funding for a rail line between Baton Rouge and New Orleans after attacking the stimulus bill 's investment in high - speed rail .
Sunglasses At Night ( Deus Ex gets turned inside - out by DOUG the Eagle )
They augmented his body .
But not his mind .
Thanks to Saracoth / Silent , for suggesting some neat improvements and contributing the ' Saint Paul - Wrath of God ' section .
Subsections
The Camera Eye - Screenshots to make your mind water
Things Never Seen - Deus
Ex gone horribly , horribly wrong
The Fourth Coming -
Yet more weird and wonderful stuff
Human Revolution No.9 - How I learned to stop whinging and love being a cyborg
Prologue
A modern day warrior , Mean mean stride Today 's Tom Sawyer , Mean mean pride .
. . . .
No , his mind is not for rent To any God or government Always hopeful yet discontent
He knows changes are n't permanant ( But change is )
It is the early 2050s and everything sucks .
Plague , famine and mega - corporations are rife .
The solution is the Augmented soldier , human tissue boosted with nanonic devices into a superhuman being .
That 's the theory , and if you believe that , you probably also believe that Windows cannot crash , the Government always knows best and the Moon landings are fake .
What Page Industries and VersaLife have n't realised is that Augmentation has serious psychological side - effects .
None of the Augmented in the game can be considered truly normal .
In the case of Paul Denton , the result is cowardice , paranoia and confusion about which side he 's on .
Page and Simons have an irresitable urge to take over the world , in true ' Pinky and the Brain ' style .
Anna and Hermann have a fetishistic dress sense and no morals .
For JC , the effect is nothing short of a full - blown psychosis , as we shall soon see !
Liberty , Death and the Tower of Babel
Hokay .
First thing , choosedifficulty because it 's necessary for some of the effects in the walkthrough to work as presented .
Now set up your character .
I called mine ' Groo ' after the idiot warrior invented by Serge Aragones and Mark Evanier .
Note that a single word is best .. if you call him something like ' The Reverend ' , the game will call him ' The ' more than half the time .
You can really cock up the skill points at this stage by teaching him useless junk such as swimming .
Medicine is only partly useful .
For the purposes of the walkthrough , un- learn Pistols and get yourself trained in sniper rifles and computers .
Sniping is very useful and rewarding , and computer skills will allow you to perform new tasks , such as stealing money from ATMs .
Choose just these two , because you get to keep the leftover skill points and we will need those after the first mission .
Start up and talk to Paul .
He will offer you three choices of weapon - a tranquiliser , a sniper rifle and a GEP launcher .
Paul , being a very pacifistic killing machine , prefers the tranquiliser .
If you ask for the sniper rifle he becomes irritable and says that you can't just go round killing people .
The first two weapons we can easily get off the dead terrorists , so ask for the rocket launcher .
Interestingly , Paul approves of this .. the idea that we are going to use it on people has obviously not entered into his darkest dream .
As soon as you try to leave the dock , the mission creep starts .
Now it 's kill everything .
Go up the steps and dance around in front of the first two terrorists .
They will get quite angry , so lead them down towards the robot , which will obediently slay them for you .
Frisk the terrorists and the dead trooper .
There are a number of ways to handle this mission .
For entertainment value , you can build a Tower of Babel out of crates , to get onto the perimeter wall .
If you then take a crate of TNT ( referred to as ' Boom ' throughout ) and creep around the wall , you can throw it on the unsuspecting Charlies below .
Hours of fun , or your money back !
However .
First thing , we need a supply of medical attention .
To your left by the dock entrance is a large , flat crate thing with a supply box on top .
If you examine the crate carefully , you will find a door .
Take one of the crates of Boom and throw it carefully at the door , thus opening it in the most violent way possible .
( Try to avoid killing the pigeons , otherwise you will have to self - terminate in accordance with directive 90098 . )
Get yourself repaired and move on .
Take the clockwise circuit around the statue , and break some terrorist heads using the crowbar , or point - blank with the pistol .
Heal yourself up with the robot after each assault , and keep searching for goodies .
Around the entrance to the statue complex , you should find a guy with a sniper rifle .
When you have this , return to the medical robot .
Now find the other crate of Boom and head around anti-clockwise , clutching the Boom and crouching down .
This will slow you up a bit , but it will prevent them seeing you ( the sight of a TNT crate moving around does not provoke suspicion ) until the last minute , when you throw the crate at them and move back FAST !
Assuming you 're not dead , go back to the robot and get your legs glued on again .
There should be two more terrorists hanging around .
Shoot them once or run up to them , and lead them towards a friend of yours in the North - East .
When they 're dead , go towards the second dock .
Do n't bother with Filben , we 're after the good stuff .
Shoot the crate of Boom on the left , killing the NSF trooper , and then the barrel of Boom on the right , splashing the Thug .
Search the crates and you should find some rifle shots and GEP rockets .
If you 're in poor health , go back to the medical robot .
Otherwise , go down into the bunker and fix the power unit .
Kill the terrorist and pick up all the weapon mods .
Boost the capacity of the rifle , and fix the laser sight to the crossbow ( you should have one by now ) for a pleasing combination of high and low technology .
Dogfood at the Core
Ensure you are in tip - top condition before proceeding .
The next step is to use the ready - made Tower of Babel to get up to the statue complex .
Beat up all the terrorists on the first few decks with the crowbar and take a crate of Boom up to the core .
You may need to go down and get healed again before trying this , but find the two terrorists who 're discussing the shipping and throw the Boom at them , to turn them into dogfood .
Just look at all that meaty goodness !
Now go into the core and climb up , slaying anyone in your path by the most expedient means .
Forget about that prick Gunther .
Climb up to where the chief terrorist is waiting , and grab the whisky .
Drink it so your vision blurs and then talk to him .
Use the peaceable option and grab the Augmentation .
Now search the statue complex .
You should be able to find at least two LAMs , a bunch of ammo , lockpicks , multitools etc .
Now go to the Torch chamber , where there should be a box of Boom lying around .
Open the door and then grab the box of TNT .
If you do this in reverse order , JC will drop the box and the last thing you hear is one of the UN troops saying ' What the Hell happened ? '
Take the Box of Delights to Paul who is waiting for you by the UNATCO base .
As soon as he speaks you will throw it at him .
Oh no .. your legs have come off again .
Interestingly , you can still stand up when talking to people .
Another thing to note is that no - one bats an eyelid at your obviously critical injuries ( and Alex even keeps badgering you if you take too long to crawl in to work ) .
I later found that if you lose both your legs , you 're supposed to self - terminate in accordance with directive 90099 .. oops , we 've broken the rules already .
Home , sweet home
Crawl to Level
Two on your knees .
Talk to Manderley and and then go to the medical to get your feet reattached .
Use the Augmentation Module and select Microfibral Muscle for greater lifting power .
Now root around the place , stealing any gadgets that looks useful .
Take Dr. Reyes ' key , and examine Alex 's room in minute detail .
The floor has a secret cavity with some hot shit in it .
I believe there is an accuracy modification ; use this on the Rifle .
Now get your second mission up and running .
As you leave , steal the sergeant 's chocolate bar ( " You 're kidding around , right ? " ) which will come in handy later .
Find a plant pot and carry it with you to the dock .
Climb aboard the boat .
If you have a spare crate of Boom , you can throw it at Corporal Collins , which will turn him into scraps for the seagull .
Mysteriously he appears to come back to life when you return to base after the NYC mission .
De-stroy , kill ALL Hippies Terrorists
Upgrade yourself to support Advanced riflery and follow Navarre to Castle Clinton .
Discretion is the better part of valour , so when you go in , crouch down and creep around the perimeter in a clockwise fashion , until Navarre and the troopers have killed everyone for you .
Give the stolen chocolate bar to the kid and enter the code 666 into the keypad .
You should see a terrorist through the door .
Jump around to get him excited and pan his head in with the crowbar when he comes close .
Wait for the alarm to expire .
Now , avoiding the sullen gaze of the cameras , go downstairs and look for the barrel of Ambrosia creamed rice pudding , which is the only known antidote to the plague .
Finding the Ambrosia is cool , but there 's something even better nearby .
Switch on your Augmentation and pick up one of the grey barrels full of hot death .
Now let us use a little bug .
Face the wall so you can't drop the barrel and switch off your Augmentation .
You 're still holding the barrel of doom , but you wo n't be using any power to do so !
( System Shock 1 F1.5S had similar ' problems ' )
Take the barrel upstairs , and place it by the locked door , like so .
Take care when placing this one !
Very carefully , shoot the barrel and immediately dive left to avoid amputation .
Steal the rockets and subvert the computer systems .
Take the augmentation canister ( bullet - proofing ) and apply it at the next opportune moment .
Now , take your crowbar and engage in a killing spree .
Smash all the terrorists in the head and leave through the back door .
Go through the main square and get some drugs off the eagle .
You will probably find a bum who sings .
When this gets on your nerves , you can make him shut up and go away by showing him your sniper rifle .
Just wield it .. the mere threat of impending doom will make him scream and run away .
Attack the subway by means of the vents , using the hatch nearby the entrance .
When everyone 's dead ( except the hostages .. we do n't want the lovely ' Jesus , JC ! ' message ) pick up a couple of Forties ( do n't drink them ) and one of the spare crates of Boom .
Take this with you on the train .
Before you go , it is definitely worth stashing the crates of Boom into the ventilation shafts .. if they are left alone , the UNATCO roadies will take them away .
If you hide them , they wo n't be able to find them .
Two crates of Boom are keyed to the lasergrid .
If both these are destroyed , the lasergrid should then be safe .
The station is probably the best place in the mission to end it all if you feel so inclined .
One particularly ornate suicide involved J.C. ' The Reverend ' Denton , crawling back from Hell 's Kitchen with a LAW that he claimed to have found in the sewers , and no legs .
The LAW was apparently used to perform a preliminary cleansing of the station , thereby removing all the terrorist bodies , bar one that was outside the blast range .
When this failed to cleanse Denton also , he appears to have stacked a pile of about four TNT crates and the sole remaining terrorist corpse next to the laser grid ..
no mean feat considering his 2 - foot stature at this point .
Surviving UNATCO troops stationed above ground claim to have heard Denton singing the first verse of ' Jerusalem ' immediately before the explosion , which also killed the two troopers who ran downstairs to investigate .
Black Helicopters R Us
Talk to Paul ( putting the Boom down first ) and hack the ATMs .
Then go to the ' Ton hotel and kill the NSF hostage - takers .
Go into Paul 's room and strip it of all goodies .
Now , go around scrounging goodies and stuff wherever you can find them .
You might want to visit Smuggler but you 'll have to go through the back way if you do .
Smuggler will send you on a sacred quest to the sewers if you talk to him , but this is purely optional .
In the Underworld , find the one they call ' Pilot ' .
It will require some alcohol , which must be cold .
We 're on a tight budget , so do n't purchase any from the bar .
Instead , loot the pub and get two fire extinguishers .
In shame , I do hereby recant this manoeuver .
I read about it on some other website , tried to make it work , but did n't have time to check it fully before ' going to press ' .
They say all legends have a grain of truth , though - if you can make it work , let me know how ;-)
Extinguish the Forties and give them to Pilot .
The drink must be extinguished in a private room ( e.g. the toilets ) because Pilot will try to kill you if it sees what you 're doing .
Long before Ike or Dade have even been introduced , Jock and SH - 187 have already merged to become Black Helicopter , and will never be seen separately again .
Like Daedalus , the face of Jock in your communicator is simple video trickery .
If you do n't believe me , look up John Gault in the voice credits .
When you 're ready to take on the NSF , go back to the subway and take the crate of Boom into the Oswald building .
Use it to destroy the door and take the augmentation upgrade .
Save it for later , it will be most useful when you get the Legs upgrade .
( Speaking of which , there 's one in the NSF offices below the generator ) .
Now approach the generator by whatever means you see fit .
There are lots of alternative ways to get to it , and to destroy it .
My personal favorite is to hack into its systems and shut down the cooling units .
When this is done , go to the roof , where you should meet ' Black Helicopter ' .
Do n't be afraid ..
I 've always wanted a pet like you .
Back at UNATCO , get patched up and talk to Manderley .
He 'll tell you that Paul 's been made redundant and you have to take his place .
Scrounge the place for goodies again , not forgetting the secret cavity under Alex 's floor .
Talk to Carter to get some weapons .
Apply the accuracy mod to the Sniper Rifle and then go out to meet Black Helicopter .
Back at the park , get some more drugs from the eagle and head towards the subway .
If you did the Smuggler bit , talk to the people outside the station and you should get the code .
Otherwise you 'll have to pay Filben for it .
Find the mad bum who keeps burbling about God and Jesus and buy the rounds from him if you can afford it .
Go down the phone booth and talk to Charlie , one of the two people in a tan jacket .
He tells you to fix the water , but you need to clear the passageway first .
Since you have a GEP launcher , this is easy .
Now go into the gents and find the mad junkie with the bomb and exchange it for some drugs .
Now go up to the Rooks floor and scrounge any goodies you can find .
There should be several multitools at least .
Now go into the ladies and open the secret door with the code that Charlie gives you when you fix the water .
You are now in NSF territory , so be prepared to break a lot of heads .
Once the place is bare of immediate foes , talk to the people .
Then go and see the NSF accountant in the south and take his key .
See you in the sewer
Go to the bog , which is locked .
Unlock it and go through .
Take the left passage .
For dealing with the lasergrids , I suggest the tried - and - tested technique of throwing a small metal crate or binbag into the lowest beam , and then waiting for the alarm to cease .
Then you can crawl through the gap created by the obstruction .
I tell you what I 'm gonna do ,
Gonna make love to a water rat or two
And breed a family
Bring another crate along and climb up the pipe .
Throw the crate over the wall because we are going to need it .
Sneak past the NSF guy and stun him , or kill him if he sees you first .
Take the key and unlock the door .
Take all the small metal crates you have ( there should be four ) into this room .
There 's a full - height lasergrid blocking your exit .
Using your Arms , pick up a medium - sized crate and put it in front of the beams .
Hide , to avoid perforation .
The repeat the process with the other medium crate .
To get it on top of the first one , and cover up the beams , you will need to stand on one of the small crates before picking up the large one , to gain enough height .
Now , reach behind the crates and push the button to raise the gangplank .
This is where it gets fiddly .
The objective is to take the very valuable crate of Boom across the water so we can use it .
There are two suspended walkways which collapse when you stand on them , and if you fall in the water you will not be able to escape ( unless you gave him Super - Swimming powers ) .
Take the crate of Boom first , and walk to the very edge of the gangplank .
Crouch down , and throw it just far enough that it lands on the second platform .
If you do n't crouch , or you try and throw it too far it will kill you .
You may need to do this several times , and it is probably best to quicksave after it has been placed .
Now , take the four small crates and throw them onto the platform as well .
Try and make them stack , so you have two piles of two crates , plus the Boom , like so :
Jump onto one of the crates , and try not to cross the centre - line so the platform does n't collapse .
If possible , move the Boom further forward ( East ) .
Now move around the crates so that you cross the centre - line and the platform collapses .
All the crates will remain in the air .
Jump down onto the frame of the platform .
Reach out , and transfer the crates ( and the Boom ) to the second platform .
Save .
The trouble with the second platform is that it swivels instead of swinging downwards , and the crates will move around oddly .
What you will need to do is try to get onto the second platform without collapsing it , and then move the Boom so it is next to the furthest left ( Northeast ) strut , which is the one that platform is going to swivel around .
You can change the laws of physics
You will have to run this several times to get it to work .
If you are very lucky ( or highly skilled at throwing Boom around ) you may just be able to throw the Boom on to the last platform ( which does n't collapse ) from the second platform before it collapses , but you 'll have a real job .
Once you have the Boom safely over the river , save , and leave it where it is for the moment .
Go through the door , and defuse or destroy the EMP grenade .
Open the door , and then go back to get the Boom .
Take the Boom past the two robots ( the holes in the wall are probably your best bet ) and leave it in the machine room until we need it later on .
A bad day at the helipad
Take the east wing first .
Kill everyone you meet and keep the alarm running to bring them on .
When no - one else is coming to assail you , shoot the windows leading to the helipad and keep the alarm going .
When you 're satisfied that no - one else is coming yet , go upstairs in the east wing .
Stand in front of the camera and smile .
Shoot a few rounds of pool , get something to eat and take a long drink from the water cooler .
Take a plant and throw it onto the pool table to see something unusual .
Trying this with a crate of Boom has to be one of the most disturbing things you 'll ever see .
Now take the west wing .
First root through the offices .
Keys are for poofs , so open the locked door upstairs by shooting at it .
When the guy comes out to see what 's going down , kill or stun him , thereby leaving the door open .
Open the bookshelf up and get the augmentation upgrade .
Save it for later , along with the other one .
Apply the range mod to your rifle .
Now it 's time to use the Boom .
Go back and get it .
Place the crate of Boom by the cupboard on the top floor of the west wing .
( It provides access to the roof ) .
Creep round the side and aim at the crate with your pistol .
Let the TNT speak !
But do try to avoid losing a leg .
Go into the control room again and get the LAW , and shut down the security systems while you 're at it .
You will have to drop the GEP launcher temporarily to carry the LAW .
Avoiding the guy on the roof , fire towards the north to wake up the guy on the catwalk .
When he comes close , fire the LAW at the ceiling ( NOT the catwalk ! ) and you 'll be rewarded by a rain of little red wet bits .
Deal with the other guy by shooting him once and then climbing up the ladder to the catwalk .
Wait until he gets bored , and then shoot him up until he panics and runs .
Then , when he runs up the skylight , shoot the glass so he falls and makes a mess all over the barrel of Ambrosia .
Now go back to the control room at retrieve your GEP launcher .
Finally , enter the helipad itself .
Ignore Green Helicopter .
If you want to scrounge , do so now ( but there may still be some NSF lurking in the shadows ) .
Exit to the airfield .
The airfield is pretty straightforward .
First , locate all the crappy little robots and destroy them by shooting the barrels of Boom helpfully located next to their patrol routes as they go past .
One or two of these may need the Boom to be shifted slightly .
Once it 's clear , go into the boathouse and slay anything that moves .
Find the ambrosia , and then head to to the East gate .
To open the gate , gently hit the NSF guy next to it with the crowbar .
He will then try to run through the gate , opening it for you .
Kill or stun him and proceed .
Alternatively , if you hit him too hard , get some crates of the right size and place them by the gate .. you can squeeze through from the correct height .
In the barracks , place a LAM next to the alarm and get the people excited .
Slay the survivors and go upstairs .
Break open the door upstairs and loot it .
A fuel drum would be handy for this , but it may present difficulties .
If you can , use a GEP round ( they are small , tight - focussed explosions , idea for this ) as there are some more rockets in a truck inside the hangar .
The LAM lies down on broadway
Now open the walkway to the hangar and go through .
Talk to the airliner and board Paul .
Or is it the other way round ?
Inside , find the nanokey and go to the locked door where Lebedev is waiting .
In principle there are two ways we can play this , depending on whether you want to be a Good Little Robot ( tm ) , but if we combine the best parts of both , we can have our cake and eat it , too .
Go through the doors and creep towards Lebedev .
Do not talk to him yet : we are first going to unhinge the game .
For this to work , you must have started the game in MEDIUM difficulty , as I suggested at the start .
You must also be TRAINED in demolition , or the delicate balance of forces necessary for the effect to work will be disrupted .
If you are untrained ( and following the walkthrough so far , you should be ) get yourself trained in demolition right now .
Stand against the southern facing south : Lebedev should be directly to your right , and a window should be to your left .
Near the floor of the southern wall there should be a vent .
Attach a proximity device to the wall above the vent .
Do not crouch to do this .. the device must be attached at your normal height .
Place the device exactly as shown ..
If you have any doubts about using explosives aboard 747 , dispel them .
This airliner is the late 2040s revision made by General Products and is totally indestructable ( even the tyres ) .
The self - healing subsystems in the fabric of the airframe will automatically tidy up everything , even the burn - marks and juice when Anna gets blown to kibble .
" How can you hope to challenge a perfect , immortal machine ? "
Now , squeeze yourself into the NorthWest corner and click on Lebedev .
After the first conversation , look at the L.A.M. on the wall .
Anna will appear , the mine will go off and she should howl and vanish .
There should not be any little bits of meat on the floor , but something unearthly will happen instead .
Talk to Lebedev again and Anna 's ghost should complain .
Go through the entire conversation with Lebedev and then go into the north washroom where the ghost of Anna should be .
Shoot the ghost a couple of times and it will explode violently , much to the chargrin of Alex .
Fortunately he is the nice subversive type and erases this bizarre event from the records .
" Do n't you ever ____ing die ? ! ? "
Hints
If you 're having difficulty with the ghost effect , this advice from Saracoth may help :
" I got her to ghost twice in a row this way : place a LAM on the vent , but to cause the explosion earlier , place another LAM on the window on the wall nearby ( still tested using Trained demolitions and Medium difficulty ) .
Hug the wall on your right as you approach Lebedev .
When you reach the corner , talk to him .
You may then face the two LAMs and watch as Anna approaches , screams , and turns into Coward the Frightened Ghost .
Or not look at all , since you could n't care less whether she lives or dies . "
Now , for Lebedev .
Talk to him and get all the info from him .
Then shoot him once with the Tranquiliser dart and wait for him to drop .
You will have achieved your primary goal , and Manderley will be well pleased .
But Lebedev is still alive , if not exactly well .
Pick up his unconscious form and carry it with you back to UNATCO .
Ignore the Augmentation Canister in 747's hold .
This contains Bullet - proofing , but we 're going to get something even better later on .
Scour the land for any cool stuff such as ammunition and weapon mods .
Look out for :
The accuracy mod in the hangar truck , the Clip mod in the power room by the helipad , and the recoil mod in the Northeast watchtower .
Also , the evil mechanic tending 747 will fence you another recoil mod that he stole .
I suggest : accuracy mods and clip extensions go to the sniper rifle , and recoil mods go to the assault rifle if you have one .
When you get a silencer , attach it to the sniper rifle ASAP .
Once you 're done , find Jock The Helicopter and go home .
Do n't talk to Gunther .
UNATCO
Back at UNATCO , break into Dr. Reyes ' cupboard and take the Legs augmentation ( unless you already took the NSF one ) .
This will give you the ability to perform jumps similar to those in , or the Alan Dean Foster novel , .
It is almost certainly one of the most fun and useful upgrades in the entire game .
You should by now have two upgrade canisters : apply both to the Legs .
Talk to Manderley and eat his chocolate bar , which can provoke some amusing responses .
Scavenge anything useful you can find ( there should be a recoil mod for your Assault rifle under your desk ) and visit Carter .
Finally , go back to Black Helicopter , who has also become subversive .
If you drugged Lebedev , take him along too for the ride .
Back in New York City
Visit Paul .
If you brought Lebedev with you , dump him on the balcony outside for safekeeping .
Go to the NSF headquarters and break into the computer room .
Once you 've opened the hatch , take the crate of Boom nearby down the ladder with you and use it to blow the locked door .
Once the poison has dispersed , open the three automatic doors by hacking the security terminal , and go through until you come to the lasergrid .
There should be a small metal crate nearby .
Pick this up and throw it into the lasergrid so it blocks the lowest beam .
Run away and wait for the alarm to cease .
There should now be a gap in the beam for you to crawl under .
Take a crate of Boom and do this .
Block the beam and hide
At the corner of the tunnel are two gun turrets in little cupboards .
Place the Boom in the corner so it 's in front of both of them .
Crawl back under the beam and shoot the Boom .
Dive out of the way to avoid the shockwave or you 'll lose a limb .
Blow the Boom and run away
Now both gun turrets should be destroyed , and also the lasergrids .
Take the remaining crate of Boom and go through to the safe where the datacube is .
Blow it .
Take the accuracy mod and attach it to your rifle ; it should be around 97 % accurate now .
Root around for any other goodies and then read the two datacubes .
Opening safes for fun and profit
Back down the corridor is a stack of four ( ! ) crates of Boom .
Take these and move them , up one by one to street level using the back exit .
Once they are all in the street , transfer them to the Hell 's Kitchen map .. we are going to take them up to Paul 's room in the 'ton hotel .
Go back to Paul and if the option is given , tell him you wo n't send the message .
Otherwise just say ' bye and leave .
Now go down the subway to escape , the code of which is 6282 .
Some rather unusual stuff will now happen .
First , Gunther will run up to you and stand there like a lemon .
He can not speak , so ignore him .
Talk to the guards , who are standing around like wooden dolls , and pet some of the security robots .
DO NOT enter any of the huts or everything will come to life and kill you .
There is nothing for you here , so go back down to the subway and take the train .
Owing to the magical nature of the New York rail service , you should find yourself on the roof of the Hilton .
What a trip !
Go back down to Paul , who will tell you to send the signal again .
Head back to the NSF HQ .
Taking a gun , shoot the barrels of Boom on the lower level .
This may erase the hapless repairbot , but it will also poison many humans and thereby reduce the amount of work we have to do later on .
If there are any remaining crates of Boom on the ground level , take them somewhere safe before setting off the barrels .. it can prove useful later ;-)
Go up to the top floor and barricade the stairs with a huge metal crate .
( This will require your Arms ) .
When the guy says he will report you , shoot him in the head with the rifle and jump past the barricade with your Legs .
Kill the two on the top floor by any means you see fit and throw their bodies off the roof , to improve the morale of the folks below .
Now go back to the barricade .
You should have several troopers , in a perfect configuration for a single GEP round to blow them all to kuck .
If not , kill them individually and make your way downstairs , floor by floor .
Use the poison provided to eradicate all life in the area .
When this is done and there is no - one left alive , go back to the top floor and send the signal .
Now we must rescue Paul ; this takes a lot of effort , and the game will try very hard to stop you , even ' cheating ' .
Go to the Mellotron Hotel and in through the fire escape window .
Put Lebedev on the bed and transfer all the Boom into the kitchen .
Save now , because things will get pretty hairy .
Do NOT talk to Paul , and keep well away from him , because it will all go to shit when he speaks .
Unlock or smash open his apartment door with a GEP rocket and walk around the ' Tron hotel .
Find Jojo and shoot him in the back with the pistol at close range .
Upon seeing you he will utter the understatement of his life ( " Oh , you bad .. Aagh ! " )
Now it 's time to kick ass .
Saint Paul - The Wrath of God
Verwirrung - Chaos
" Just look at how much faith they put in the skills of you and Paul : an initial strike force of 3 MIBs and 3 UNATCO .
Just in case you defeat all them , they assume you 'll escape through the front door , so they have a sniper ready for when you go down the stairs .
His first shot will probably kill or cripple one of you , and he may get off a second .
At the bottom of the stairs are three troopers to keep you occupied while two more sneak up from behind .
" At the next set of stairs are four guys to hold the exit .
And if you make it past this force of ten , there 's four more troopers waiting further down the hall , ready to grind the tenderized meat that your bodies now consist of and inject your remains into sausage skins .
Three troopers to distract you
While two more troopers sneak up on you
And four more troopers turn the pair of you into dogmeat
" A full frontal assault is nearly suicide .
Hit and run tactics wo n't work , since there 's no where to run to .
What does that leave ?
Stealth - the element of surprise !
But wait , are n't they here to surprise ?
Poor mortal fools ... daring to challenge a god .
We 'll ambushfor this impudence !
" Is such a thing possible ?
A one - man ambush , almost instantly wiping out an assault force of 20 spread throughout an entire building ?
You bet , if you 've been collecting Boom from the NSF headquarters .
Beyond the four already listed in the walkthrough , there are also two crates of Boom in the main areas of various floors ( one under the stairs on a higher level , and one on the ground floor , which you hopefully shipped out prior to detonating the barrels ) .
" Given that there are two different places with Rockets in the complex , I 'll assume that the GEP gun will replace using these .
That 's a total of six Boom boxes .
If you collected these , you can rest assured that not only will your soon - to - be - sainted brother survive , but that word of your ( un ) righteous might will spread throughout the world . "
Zweitract - Discord
" It might help to know their attack pattern .
Unmolested by you , the pattern is as follows :
" From the group of two MIBs , the one closer to the wall where Paul 's front door is will run first .
A short while later ( 5 seconds ) , the other two MIBs follow , stopping briefly outside the door .
When the battle begins , they continue on , and the three UNATCO boys run after .
" Going by this , it appears that most troops simply stand still , waiting as backup .
That 's their plan anyway .
While they stand still for the dialogue with Paul , it does n't take long for the LAMs to go off , so rush through it .
" The MIBs are apparently immune to attempts at ambushing and ' Boombytrapping ' , so the sooner the conversation ends the better , since they will improvise and attack sooner than planned once they realize that their allies have been transformed into kibble .
" Since we can't take any Boom with us to the next mission , LAMs should be conserved while Boom must be utilized now .
Very important note :
Kill the vacuum cleaner !
It will set off the LAMs .
Repeatedly stamping on it is fine . "
Unordnung - Confusion
Departing from Saracoth 's original plan for a moment , this is the arrangement I used which took three LAMs and five crates of Boom :
Firstly , the Death Sniper .
In the shot below , he 'll appear by the plant but there are a number of friends with him .
If we place the LAM on the opposite side of the pillar to the Sniper , it will still pulp him , but it will also set off the Boom and annihilate his companions .
" I 'll wait for Denton here , right by this neat little flashing th- "
Next , we must take care of the MIB 's backup .
This is easy .. a single LAM will erase them all since they appear in a tight cluster .
Place it by the door next to Paul 's , the one just opposite the stairs .
This is the view from the top of stairwell
" The four men nearest the front door can easily be taken out by a LAM in combination with a Boom .
Place the LAM slightly to the right of the vertical light that one of the troopers will stand next to .
The crate should go close to the middle of the hall , nearer to the ATM by a floor tile or two . "
This little rig will purify the entire hallway
" The lobby will utilize one LAM , but the remaining three Booms .
Substitute missing Booms with more LAMs , as needed . "
Saracoth placed his LAM on the small flight of stairs leading from the entrance .
In my experiments ( codenamed ' Project Ecstasy ' ) the LAM was placed on one of the central pillars .. it seems to work pretty well either way .
" Also place a Boom just a ways past the bottom of the stairs .
Continue walking away from the stairs and place a second Boom near the column on your right , in line of sight of the first Boom and close enough to be affected by it and to gib the two UNATCO that will appear near the back of the stairs . "
" The third Boom will be in line - of - sight of the second , closer to the office .
For best effect , make sure that each Boom is just in range to get blown up by the previous one , to ensure that the UNATCO get blown away . "
" We 'll do away with your kind ! "
Beamtenherrschaft - Bureaucracy
The best way to find the optimum distance that Boom can be placed in order to chain properly is by prototyping .
Set up your rig and save .
Then , hide somewhere relatively safe and run the prototype by shooting the LAM with the sniper rifle to see if you 'll get the desired effect , before reloading the game and adjusting the rig as necessary .
An added bonus is Gilbert Renton 's behaviour when you try to demolish his hotel through a series of controlled explosions .
Activating the lobby prototype
Now , back to Saracoth :
" That just leaves the MIBs , and we want to delay them as long as possible ( but still rushing through the conversation with Paul , since this most certainly will not delay them ) .
" Use Paul 's couch as one line of defense .
Keep it inside the room , and maintain a respectable distance from the door , which will destroy virtually anything in the process of opening or closing .
" The trash can from the hall and Paul 's chair will be the second line of defense . "
Grummet - Aftermath
" Ready your weapon of choice , speak with Paul , and slam spacebar like a madman .
The screen will go and stay white for a very long time as the effects of your omnipotence are felt by the fleshlings throughout the building .
" However , you want to toy with the heretic MIBs , who commit sacrilege by daring to think their augmentations make them a match for you .
Paul will bear witness of your glory to all inhabitants of the earth , for ever and ever , Amen .
" Fire a GEP round into their midst when they gather at the door .
Between that and the assumed explosion of at least one of them dying , if any of them survive they will be in sufficient awe of your ( un ) holiness to run from you .
But you cannot deal lightly with such false prophets , so any surviving MIB should get a round of 30.06 between their eyes .
You may now escort Saint Paul , annointed in blood , to the front door . "
Hints and stuff
Be free with your GEPs .
Do n't worry about hitting Paul , you can't kill him .
In fact , I have found it quite effective to kill nearby enemies by bouncing GEPs off Paul , thereby cooking his assailants .
ca n't kill him .
In fact , I have found it quite effective to kill nearby enemies by bouncing GEPs off Paul , thereby cooking his assailants .
Do n't forget - leave the ' Tron Hotel through the front door .
This is absolutely critical !
If you go out the window Paul will mysteriously die , which we do not want to happen .
.
This is absolutely critical !
If you go out the window Paul will mysteriously die , which we do want to happen .
If you have something on the balcony that you need to retrieve , you 'll have to take the long way round .
When you kill the MIBs as they burst into the apartment , Paul has a tendency to utter bizarre comments such as ' That was n't funny ! ' or ' Quit screwing around ! '
An alternative way to perform the ' rescue ' is to lock yourself in Paul 's cupboard for a few minutes while he goes around slaughtering everyone , and then quietly sneak out the front door .
Now what ?
Once Paul is safely on his way , go back to the flat and raid the cupboard .
You should find another augmentation upgrade .
Apply it to your legs and you should now have full - fledged , Class IV Legs .
Once you 've succeeded , go back up the fire escape to pick up Lebedev .
Climb up on to the top of the hotel and walk off into space to end it all .
Do not use explosives or Lebedev will get broken .
If you are not burdened with Lebedev , attach two or more LAMs to a nearby wall and use a crowbar on them , for something that everyone should try at least once .
?????
Now you are in jail ( even if your body was diced into red chunks by the LAMs ! ) .
All your posessions have been taken .. except Lebedev !
Face one of the mirrors , and keep tapping ' X ' ( crouch ) approximately five times a second .
If you sidestep left and right , JC will do a Silly Walk ( one of the really clever ones where his feet do n't move ) .
Put Lebedev on your bed for now .
Very strange things happen and you escape .
As soon as you get out , grab the baton and riot prod .
Beat the guard to pulp and steal his stuff .
Now run out of the detention block and go down the drain .
Until you can get to the armoury , you will need to loot corpses .
Everything will be useful in the interim , except for knives which are the weaponry equivalent of spam .
Dade should tell you that Paul is alive and ( more - or - less ) well .
Head to the east for the nanotech labs ( this is the nearest place to the medical facility that is reachable by drain ) and cause a little mayhem .
Start by throwing chairs around to wake everyone up and finish up by killing or Prodding all enemies in the office .
Now the alarm will be sounding and you 'll probably find that there are some Bad People outside trying to get in .
Keep shutting the door each time they try to open it .. eventually the alarm will stop and they will get bored and go away .
Grab the augmentation canister at an appropriate moment , but do not release the Greasels unless you are hopelessly outnumbered .
Install the Aggressive Defence module and heal up .
Head back towards Detention and find Robot Maintenance .
With luck you should have an assault rifle or something by now , so you might try just rushing all the guards .
Do n't kill too many though , because we will want some alive later for entertainment value .
If you can't rush the guards , the stealth tactic is as follows .
There is one guard on the lower level .. kill him quietly and talk to the Immoral Mechanic who gives you some Bad Ideas .
( It is also an amusing variation to NOT talk to him until after the deed is done )
Now find the guard with a sniper rifle .
Kill him and take it .
Either way , get to the top - level control centre .
Program the security robot to venerate your name and obey you in all things .
Pick up the Armoury code while you 're there as well .
It is a shame that you can't put the robot on a leash and bring him with you , but we can do the next best thing .
Whenever you find a loose MJ12 trooper , lead him on a merry chase to see your nice friend .
" Watch yourself ..
This one 's some kind of mech .
Aagh ! "
If you do n't mind being bitten a few times , it is quite easy to get the two dobermans ( dobermen ? ) in the control centre to drop into the maintenance shaft .
There are two main approaches , stand in the shaft yourself and hope they get overexcited , or waiting until they are on the grate and then opening it .
When you 're done , close the grate and you 'll have two dogs in a cage .
Now go to the armoury and get your stuff back .
Upstairs is a load of cool stuff , including a silencer mod ( use on Sniper rifle if yours is n't already silenced ) and a range mod ( again , on the rifle ) .
Turn off the robots with the panel .
Now go round to Medical R&D .
Using the cattle prod , stun the evil secretary .
Kill or stun the guard and anyone else who tries to cause trouble and now release the Karkians .
Upon gaining their freedom , the beasts will eat the two guards .. the problem now is putting them back in their box .
Fortunately we do have a solution .
Wait until they have finished eating and carry the unconscious secretary to the cage doors .
Throw her into the cage and they should follow .
Close the door while they are busy eating and speak to Paul ..
he should now be safe .
We all have to make sacrifices
I suggest you stun the nurses in the medical area .
Left alone , they have a disturbing tendency to open the cage up again and walk inside , which will justly result in their demise , but may also result in yours , so you must prevent them from doing this .
Leave Medical R&D and go into the detention centre .
Take the guards to see your friend downstairs , and then do the same for anyone walking round or inside the control room .
For the dogs I suggest a zap on the nose with the cattle prod , which will send them running but should also keep them out of the robot's path .
Take Lebedev out of the MJ12 base and leave him in Medical on level 3 .
Talk to Reyes and ask him to stay .
Get the augmentation and install Regeneration , which kicks ass .
Talk to Alex , and look under the floor where there should be some loot .
Talk to Carter .
Apply the upgrade to your Aggressive Defence System , the recoil mod to the assault rifle , and the range mod to the GEP or the rifle .
Now find Manderly and blow him up , which gets a nod from Walton Simons .
Alternatively , you might want to talk to Manderley before dispatching him , so that Simons gives you his neat little ' fifty billion dollars ' speech .
Now you 've pretty much raided the place .
Get Lebedev , find Black Helicopter and fly off into the sunset .
The Imprisonment of Black Helicopter
You are in Hong Kong .
Black Helicopter has been kidnapped .
You must break him out by unlocking the weapons systems and opening the sky .
To simplify this , a touch of mass - murder is in order .
Go down into the vents until you come across some barrels of Boom and a keypad .
Bypass the keypad and get out !
Now look around the vents for the two security robots .
Find the southern one and use two EMP grenades to pacify him .
If you have no EMP grenades , you may have to humanely destroy Brother Robot but this is not advised .
The northern robot is of less consequence as a quick - witted Agent with two legs can go through the doorway before the robot becomes dangerous .
If you decide to go up onto the roof , snipe the GEP guard .
Otherwise he will fire GEPs at you which are not only painful but it means there will be fewer left over for you once they have been liberated from his person .
Now , go down to the barracks where you should find a heap of corpses , the result of your twiddling with the air conditioning .
There will probably be someone left alive at the computer , so absorbed in his game of minesweeper that he fails to notice everyone else has ' left the building ' .
Stun or kill him by whatever means you see fit and go upstairs to the lockers .
The middle two locked lockers are the ones we like , so fire a GEP between the two of them and take the goodies .
Recharge yourself and check out the munitions dump for some fun weapons including WP rockets and another recoil mod for your assault rifle .
Move Lebedev to the Southern robot bay door so we can grab him quickly .
Entering the flight control decks , unlock the weapon systems and go towards the door , exactly like Black Helicopter tells you not to do .
When the door is broken , bypass the power system , grab Lebedev and crawl through the debris .
Take the lift down .
If you wish to come back later to recharge , the code is 989 but TracerT has a repairbot of his own so there is little need once Maggie Cow and the Sword of Doom have been dealt with .
( There is also a repairbot hidden in the back of a barge )
Hong Kong Phooey
First , ignore the Compound and DO NOT talk to Gordon Quick .
We 're going to cut out the middle - man and deal with Maggie Chow direct .
It is , with a little bit of effort , quite possible to ' Babelize ' your way into the Luminous Path compound using a stack of crates and your Power Legs , but this will cause all the Triads to go apeshit , and the codes will be changed to 6 - digit numbers so you can't get into Tracer T's laboratory .
We are n't even going to try that .
Find somewhere out - of - the - way to put Lebedev for the time being .
Maggie Cow 's apartment is in Tamagochi Road , so head to the street , but do n't go into her apartment .
Stand outside the Queen 's Tower , where she lives , and face west .
To your left should be a side - street with a cop and a large military robot .
Behind the robot should be a locked gate .
Pick or destroy it and walk into the service lift .
Climb up the wire fence to the top of the lift shaft and you will get onto the roof above Maggie 's apartment .
Go to the northern side of the Helipad , and using your Legs , jump onto the barrier .
Now , with your Legs still activated , line yourself up with the balcony below and walk off into space .
You should land by Jock 's apartment .
He has long since become one with Black Helicopter , so he wo n't be needing the flat anymore .
Break and enter it using the crowbar .
Now , go back to the balcony and look up .
There is Maggie Cow , staring vacantly into space .
Aim the GEP at her ( ignore the glass ) and fire .
If you have any WP rounds , this will surely kill her but be very careful .
It must be done soon ; this week .
And it must be done real tasty .
If all goes well , small chunks of Maggie will now jump out of the window and begin their rapid journey to the pavement below .
If not , reload and try again .
Now , as a final touch , take the basketball from Jock 's apartment and throw it into Maggie 's penthouse to give the police a clue to puzzle over .
The Basketball Killer has struck !
If someone notices that Maggie is ' missing ' , the alarm will go off .
Wait a few minutes for it to settle before doing anything else : perhaps go to another map area temporarily .
Plunder Jock 's apartment of anything good and leave through the door .
Go down the lift and enter Queen 's Tower through the main entrance .
Take the left - hand elevator to the Penthouse .
Look for the maid and shoot her with a tranquiliser dart .
She should press the alarm before keeling over into a death - like sleep .
Go back to the elevator and wait for things to calm down .
Now go back upstairs .
Pick up the supine maid and throw her through the window .
Now make your way to the laser grid in Maggie 's living room .
If you go through , there will be lots of guards so use the following trick :
Place a LAM against the wall , just by the lasergrid .
Stand well back and throw a pot-plant or something at the beams , to summon the guards .
Soon they come along and in a flash , destroy not only themselves , but also the lasergrid .
If there are any survivors , a crowbar should be enough to deal with them .
Now we can go into the lab without being disturbed .
In the mess room you should find a cabinet of ammo , including some Manna From Heaven ( HE20 rounds ) and a clip mod for your sniper rifle .
Take the Sword by hacking the computer to open the case .
Replace the crowbar with it .
Now you have the Sword of Doom , test it by trashing Maggie 's apartment .
TracerT wants you to take the Sword to Max Chen , who owns the famous Red Arrows display team .
Max Chen is at the Lucky Money , so go there .
Wield the sword and go to the Wan - Chai shopping centre .
In the northwest corner of the corridor , look at that glass case .
The Holy Grail !!!
Wait for a policeman to come past and smash the case open .
Steal the Holy Grail before his eyes .
Just another crazy gwailo , I suppose .
Now , wielding the Holy Grail , stroll into the nightclub .
Pay to get in , and look for some mirrors on the ground floor in the Northwest .
Put the Grail down for a moment and wield the Sword instead .
Here 's one of those cinematic entrances .
Smash the mirror and walk through .
The people are strangely unperturbed at your dramatic intrusion , but ask you politely to leave .
Ignore them and go through the doors , jump onto the Bosses ' table and talk to him .
" .. you start seeing floating little fat people who tell you you 're on a
mission from God , you 're gonna be on some pretty heavy thorazine , right ?
I said ' give me a sign ' .
They said ' Progressive Architecture , February ' 88 , page 33 .'
That 's pretty specific .
And bingo .. the Grail ! The Holy Grail ! "
Hide under Chen 's desk until the immediate danger is past .
When he has returned to his desk , leave the building .
Pick up the Grail and Run past the commandos using your Legs .
You may be accosted by a girl called ' Ling ' who keeps babbling and will not go away .
You might try a gentle tap on the head with a crowbar or baton to let her know that she is not wanted .
You should only do this once or you 'll have a corpse to dispose of .
If this does not work , give her shot of tranquiliser dart to render her unconscious .
They say that death is like sleep .
In Deus Ex , things are backwards ; sleep is like death .
Detailed studies of the unconscious human form prove that ' unconscious ' is simply a more humane way of saying ' dead ' .
( The fact that if you pick someone up it says ' you found a body ' does n't help matters . )
If you attack an unconscious person with a crowbar , like a corpse they will slowly darken , remaining ' asleep ' the whole time until the final blow causes them to burst messily .
If you had to KO Ling , take her sleeping form and head off to the canal .
Throw her in , where she will sink to the bottom and then rise up suddenly , face - down in the water as if she 's drowned .. only she has n't .
Leave her to sleep with the fishes for the rest of the game .
Back in the mall , break into the Kwiksave while the police are preoccupied .
Go to the fridge and consume the entire stock of alcoholic beverage as quickly as you can .
( 60 bottles , if you bring the bottles from the club as well ) .
It 's a good job your stomach is augmented or you would now be dead .
Dehab
If you can , pick up the Holy Grail and leave the area .
Aw , the drink has worn off .
Place the Grail outside Versalife .
In the market , head back to Tamagochi Road and look for the Maid , who is still happily sleeping on the tarmac after her passage through the window .
Pick her up and look for Quick Gordon at the Luminous Path compound .
He should let you in .
Drop the Maid in the compound and fetch Lebedev .
Now go and see Tracer
Tong to get rewired .
Tracer - T will want a few ' favours ' .
First you have to go to VersaDeath to pick up the source code for the Dragon 's Tooth .
Before you set out , use Tracer - T's medical robot and repairbot to get yourself in peak condition .
There is also some Manna from Heaven and another clip mod for your rifle .
Leave Lebedev in the medical room below Tong 's lab .
Unless you have some real space problems , take the Sword with you .
Then , carrying the Maid , head to VersaDeath .
VersaDeath Part I
" Ladies and gentlemen ; due to the VersaLife Corporation 's legacy of greed throughout the globe ,
they are to be taught a lesson in the real use of power .
You will be witnesses . "
Go in the front door and down the lift .
Talk to Reception and she will tell you to look for Hundley .
Put on a CD of something violent , like Bal Sagoth 's To Dethrone The Witch - Queen of Mytos - K'Unn ..
The Legend Of The Battle Of Blackhelm Vale or , if you feel like recreating the board - room scene from The Crow , ' After The Flesh ' by My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult .
Find Hundley and give him a quick blow on the back of the head with the Sword / Crowbar while no - one 's looking ( you will have to put the Maid down for a while ) .
Now pick one of the following :
Non-stop violence
Leave Hundley 's corpse where it is and head back down to reception .
Find the guard by the window nearest to reception and shoot him from behind .
The receptionist will now turn exceedingly violent .
Shoot her , and switch to the GEP for the three or four guards who will come out of security in a bunch ( perfect for the GEP ) .
If you 're lucky the guards will become overzealous and shoot each other by mistake .
If there are any others who pose a threat ( e.g. the doorman ) kill them .
Leave the normal employees alone .
Alternatively :
I 'm not evil , I 'm just morally - challenged
Pick up Hundley and take him to the balcony overlooking reception .
Throw his remains to the ground in a triumphant manner , which will drive all the guards and the receptionist to a frenzy .
Cock your rifle and pick off all the goons as they climb up to see you .
Okay .
Hack the security area and shut down all cameras and apply the clip mod to your rifle .
Take the Maid up to the data entry sections .
On the ground floor of Data Entry , the Supervisor is a secretary - type woman who is very harsh .
Kill her immediately .
Otherwise , when the shit goes down later on , she will execute the other Data Entry clerks with her pistol .
Hack into the computers and create yourself a few dummy accounts .
Then , bearing the Maid once more , go up to the top floor and talk to Nervous Employee .
It gets pretty screwed up right now , because you have gone totally Postal and the conversation takes a rather unusual twist .
Enter the main complex .
Today 's sermon is ..
Fire and the sword and much letting of blood
A supervisor will come up to you and warn you not to do anything evil .
Agree and then shoot the MJ12 commando in the back of the head with your sniper rifle .
If a trooper comes to examine the body , shoot them too .
At this point the supervisor loses his grip completely , shouting " Hey ! Hey ! " and running towards the nearest panic button .
The fool !
Now he has die as well !
Head to the right and go up the stairs .
In the boardroom , there should be a guard holding a flamethrower .
Put him to the sword and run into the bathroom .
Hide in the vent until the other troopers come and pick them off one at a time , retreating into the toilets after each strike .
You may alternatively wish go for the Brandon Lee approach of standing on the boardroom table and slaying everyone who comes close in a hail of machinegun fire .
Eventually the scientists should go back into the boardroom and sit down for their meeting .
Crawl behind each one , and using the sword , destroy the chair they are sitting on ( do n't hit their legs ! )
Now it is time to get the source code .
We could take the tour of the labs first and loot them that way , but it would be far too easy and it does n't jell with the sermon .
Steal the ROM coding and get ready to kill LOTS of very dangerous people .
O grim gods of battle , empower us this night
Annoint us with the Crimson Rain
Let every blow be a killing blow
Grant us victory .. or a Warrior 's Death ..
Kill the WiB and any others , and go down into the labs itself .
Hide in the vents and pick off the MiBs one by one .
If this is is n't fun enough , the the greasels in this lab actually make good pets and will eat all the people you do n't like .
You can keep them nice and happy by bringing corpses from upstairs to feed to them .
Go in and look for the Mad Bum .
He tells you that he is in a position of overall command so release him .
" I'm the Captain here . "
Plunder the Augmentation chamber , adding Radar - Invisibility and All - Seeing - Eye capabilities .
Once you 've cleaned the place out , go to the temple , taking the Maid along with you .
Dump her in front of Buddah and go back to Tong .
If the monk annoys you , desecrate the temple .
Talk to Tong and recharge .
Then go to the Old China Hand by Canal Road and go to the kitchen .
Someone has been killing pigeons !
Find the one they call ' Chef ' and destroy him utterly .
Then go into the vents , down to the collapsed tunnels and get the upgrade .
Apply it to your Eyes .
VersaDeath Part II - the revenge
Now it is time to go back to VersaLife .
You can either go in the back way , or by knocking on the front door and going in .
I prefer the latter .
Snipe the Commandos , or blow them up with GEP rounds until you get to the lift down to R&D .
Notice that the corpses from your previous visit are still strewn everywhere .
Down the lift , you 'll find a big spider in the shower .
I suggest two rounds of Manna From Heaven to dispose of it .
Head towards the corporate statue , shooting the commando in the head as he comes to investigate the messy death of the spider .
Go downstairs , killing all who oppose you , and take the walkway .
The code is 55655 .
Unlock the red door with the combination 768 , as seen on the datacube .
Go in and find the ramp .
There is a button on the left - hand wall that raises and lowers the ramp .
Do not press the button while you are standing by the ramp because it also lowers a bulkhead door .
If you 're in the way it will close on your head , which will get broken .
This is something we do not want .
Instead , crouch while pressing the button and run as quickly as you can to leave the ramp while it is being raised .
If it worked , we have negated the need to go along the upstairs corridor and get slain by the robots .
However , it is definitely worth just going up the stairs quickly to marvel for a few minutes at the ceiling , which is made of worms .
My God , it 's full of worms !
Now , go down the tunnel you have just opened and snipe the lab woman .
She is one of the Grey Death researchers and more evil than Satan , whatever your IFF says .
There is also a Commando and two security robots , happily sleeping .
We do n't want to wakeup , so GEP the Commando while he is at the other end of the hall .
Hack the terminal to shut down the lasergrid and slip past the robots .
If you press the maintenance button they will not trouble you .
Now , grab anything you like and hack the computer .
Upload the data to Tong and then go down into the Multiversal Constructor .
If Maggie Chow was n't dead , she would be standing around on the lowest floor .
( If you jump , she says ' bad move , JC ' as your body splatters everywhere )
Release the augmentations .
Apply the upgrade to your Eyes and install the power recirculator using the medibot nearby .
Now go downstairs and blow the joint .
Leave , and return to the Sucky Money for instant and total intoxication .
Even the fish is drunk
A Farewell to Things
Go back to Tong , and talk to Paul .
Ask Alex about the Grey Death and then get yourself fixed up and recharged .
Talk to TracerT and he 'll tell you to leave .
Lebedev is now in a safe place , so I think it is safe to go on without him ( Paris can be very violent , and the chances of him being hit and obliterated rise considerably ) .
Say goodbye to Paul , Lebedev and possibly the Maid .
Now go back to the helicopter ( who is going under his alias of ' Jock ' this time ) and away .
You can tell by the night - fires where Rael has been
Back in NYC again , Daedalus crashes and gets Ro0t3D by dA iCARu5 cReW .
You must find Filben in the Underworld club .
While you 're there , talk to the navy guy and bring him over to the Dark Side .
Check out the public data terminals to see a list of your crimes .
The suspect is a man with one leg and a rocket launcher
Leave the underworld and find Dowd in the charred wreckage of the Osgood building .
I suggest you turn on your Legs and Recirculation beforehand , so you can jump out of danger like Spring - Heeled Jack .
When you talk to Dowd , keep pressing Enter quickly , so that he just coughs and does n't say anything .
Now go and find Smuggler .
If you have the readies , buy 6 LAMs otherwise just tell him to get the hell out of there .
Leave via the secret exit in the left - hand wall as you emerge .
Head back to the roof of the ' tron hotel and fly away to the submarine base .
The submarine base
-- Liner notes from ' Starfire Burning '
Unfortunately it is now necessary to slay the PSS Wallcloud for the greater good .
First , talk to the outer guards , who have all been corrupted by your seditious influence , and get the key off them .
Check out the lorry trailers in the east , using the nano - sword to break them open and your Legs to get inside .
Now go into the eastern warehouse and sneak into the office in the corner .
Break open the locked door using your sword and reprogram the military robots to ' Standby ' .
Check out all the stuff in the office .. there 's some codes .
Now go to the crane and take the sniper ammo up top .
Snipe any enemy troopers you can see and go back down .
Try to enter the western warehouse , the ammo dump .
Break into offices and computer systems and generally cause security alerts until they open , and then sneak into the office as before .
Reprogram the security robots to ' Standby ' as well .
Open the three bays and search them .
There is some precious Manna From Heaven in one of the bays , and three crates of Boom in case you need it .
When the area is tidy to the point that it does n't matter if there 's a security alert or not , go to the entrance near the crane .
Approach the soldier in the security office very carefully .
Crouch as you enter the room and try to stay hidden .
What ??
It seems your evil magic has spread far .
Search the datacubes and security terminals before leaving the office .
Hang around on the balcony overlooking the ship , and an MJ12 guy may appear only to be murdered in a violent insurrection by the US Navy .
" It was n't me !
It was him what done it ! "
Go downstairs and talk to the Immoral Mechanics , who are once again on top form .
Get onto the ship using the crane or the ramp , depending on how you feel and kill everyone you meet .
Grab some cough mixture for Dowd and any other goodies you fancy .
Do n't forget the vent system can save you many lockpicks and multitools .
Apply the upgrade in the safe to your Vision Enhancement , and you will now have All - Seeing - Eye capability ( you can see through walls ! ) .
Steal the money from the Captain 's room , it will almost reimburse the cost of the LAMs .
For amusement value , try to blow the five weld points solely by throwing crates of Boom at them .
You will need to heal yourself a lot if you do it this way .
Terminate the PSS Wallflower and do n't worry about Attack Helicopter .. he has 30 minutes to get clear .
Tong will tell you to take the vent system .. this is one of the worst pieces of advice he ever gives you .
Ignore him and go back out the usual way ( i.e. the front door ) then take the crane to where Black Helicopter is waiting for you .
You may find it amusing to use your Legs to jump onto Black Helicopter 's back , but make sure you save first .
A giant blender
Dowdy
Wielding the sword , have the gatekeeper let you in and then promptly cut off his head ( this makes Dowd laugh ) .
Open the painting ( 1234 ) and smash the strange gizmo .
Put the gatekeeper in one of the holes in the ground , neatly prepared for him .
Now go into Dowd 's grave and look for him .
Pick over the place carefully before talking to Dowd because the shit comes down when you do .
There is a LAM in the NW tomb .
Disappear into the tunnels and break a few heads .
Gay Paris
In Paris , you start on the top of a skyscraper .
You can get some interesting results by shooting GEP or Manna rounds straight in the air .. they will hit the sky and detonate .
Break open the shed you find using as violent a means as is practical .
Inside is a book which contains the code you need and a very disturbing , incoherent note at the end of the page .
Looking at the ramparts , notice the little windows .
You should be able to see the compound where you will later emerge .
Taking your sniper rifle , terminate as many of the three commandos as you can .
A single bullet for each one should be sufficient ( assuming you have the accuracy and skill ) .
Go down the lift and talk to the woman .
Go through the radiation chamber , using Regeneration to keep yourself alive .
Recharge using the robot and go down the hatch .
Something terrible happens inside your head and Icarus 0wNz your brain with an Outlook Express exploit that he found on a kewl warez site .
If you have a nano - sword , cut the four greasels into little strips .
Otherwise you will have to Assault them or use similar weaponry .
When they are dead , report back to the woman .
Her cats may get cooked from the inside out by the hard radiation , but at least they wo n't be eaten .
As a gesture of thanks she gives you a bundle o' skill points .
Go through the tunnels .
If there are any Commandos left , hunt them down ( they make circular patrols around the buildings ) .
If you find the key to the Catacombs that 's cool , but unnecessary .
First , go into the Metro .
Talk to or ignore the arms dealer , and look for a vent on the right - hand wall opposite him .
Go through the vent and look at the turnstiles .
When the robot comes along it will see you and become agitated , but will be unable to shoot you because of the grill in the way .
The robot will eventually approach the grill , and stamp on it .
Be prepared to escape as this happens or you will catch a lot of lead .
Now the robot has helpfully opened the way , wait until it leaves and then kill the troops with a fatal bullet wound to the shoe .
If you 're very lucky , the robot may turn on its masters .
Follow the robot sneakily so it does not notice you , and rush past when this is unavoidable .
Get any cool stuff from the crates and shut down the ATM camera so you can raid them unmolested .
Check the public terminals for an update on your crimes , and something creepy .
Once the troops are dead , you can get a bargain or two from the dealer .
The recoil mod is cheapest and probably most useful .
Use it on the assault rifle to help stop it wandering .
Now we must turn our attention to The House .
There seems to be no way in except the front door , which will need a GEP round or similar device to remove it unless you 're swimming in lockpicks .
In the basement there is a repairbot .
Elsewhere there 's various knick - knacks and some money .
But in the office , which can be accessed most easily by breaking the window , wait for the phone to ring and pick it up .
Now it gets very creepy .
Someone has obviously been reading Neuromancer .
Anyway .
Go to the Catacombs .
Do n't use the front door , the back is perfectly adequate .
Smash the barricade with your sword , or a similar means .
As you approach the hole , you may gain enough skill points to attain master level riflery .
Do this and then go down the hole .
Catacom
In the catacombs , use your All - Seeing - Eye ability to look for people through walls .
If you approach a trooper - shape , shoot it in the head as soon as your crosshairs allow .
Otherwise keep on until you see a guy in a trenchcoat through the wall .. he 's the head of the resistance .
Once you locate him , switch off the Eyes and enter the bunker .
Talk to them and agree to rescue some people .
You can navigate by Eye , because the greatest concentration of foes will be the right path .
If you choose to do this , remember it consumes an obscene amount of energy .
There is a repairbot up a ladder .. find it because it will be most useful .
It also has some rounds of Manna , and crates of Boom which you can throw at people and / or the lasergrid .
Again , to free the hostages , turn on your Eyes and shoot anything that moves in the head .
When there is no - one to resist anymore , search for keys and unlock the inner bunker .
If you get lost easy , follow them home ( possibly using the Eyes ) .
Once the leader is happy , grab a crate of Boom , recharge and head to the sewers .
Once you go through into Paris proper , dump the box so it can be retrieved easily and climb the ladder to freedom .
Do not leave the box near the ladder in case you fall off ( messy ! ) and do not open the drain immediately because there 's a load of people out there .
Save and open the drain carefully .
Using your Eyes , find the commandos and any other troopers and shoot them dead .
Keep retreating back down the drain .. some of the troopers may also fall down the drain and die .
Use the riot prod on the dog to make it go away , and keep on killing until the robot is no longer amused .
When the robot becomes awkward , find the other drain and pop up there .
Snipe any commandos you can see and make your way to the shed nearby .
Hack the computer and switch off the robots .
Now you are well on the way to owing Paris .
For amusement , grab a dead MJ12 commando and head towards the hostel .
Activate your legs and run towards the policemen , jumping over their heads .
The combination of the body and your impossible actions will provoke some rather interesting responses .
It may also amuse you to break into the hostel rooms , which causes Ike to scold you .
" It 's happened again ! "
If any of the police turn on you , stick them with tranquiliser darts or the cattle prod .
Otherwise , explore and grab any useful junk you can .
Check out the arms dealer 's house .
The arms dealer is furry , has four legs and does n't say much .
Grab the accuracy mod and add it to whatever you fancy .
If you 're using version 1.002 f or similar , throwing knives do 25 hits each and are rapid fire !
Otherwise , do n't bother .
Open the chest carefully with a GEP to avoid harming the dealer and grab the goodies therein .
If you are in the mood , go next door and bother the couple .
Smash the chair out from under the woman and destroy everything in the room .
They wo n't notice .
Find Reyes and get the root password for Gunther 's brain .
When everything else has been done , find the club .
There are many ways to approach the club .
You can fork out 300 , or you can smash the window and shoot the doorman with a flare dart to make him get out of the way .
I prefer to blow up the back door with a GEP round .
Inside the club , be sure to look at the bouncers .
They look tough but so far as I can tell are utterly defenceless and will not open fire or defend themselves in any manner at all , even when attacked .
Now go and find Nicolette .
If you can't remember what she looks like , a variation of the Kimberly diamond test works .
If you kill everyone you see , the only one left alive will be Nicolette , because she can't die .
Once everything else is done , talk to Nicolette and leave .
Chateau DuClare
Break in by going round the back and smashing the wooden barracade with the sword or similarly high - end gear .
As you run around the house , you should get two very interesting messages from Evil Icarus .
Do n't unlock Beth 's bedroom .
Instead , head to the kitchen and get in the dumbwaiter .
Go up to Beth 's bedroom and after about 30 seconds , Nicolette will enter the bedroom .
Get all the good stuff and go out .
Wait !
The door 's still locked !
JM : How did she do that ??
IM : She 's very clever .
Now , go down into the cellar and through to the WW2 bunker .
There is a barrel of Boom , which will come in handy later on , and a passage blocked by wood .
It is n't blocked to you , though .
Crawl under the first part , and then activate your Matrix legs .
Jump onto the wood and then crawl down to get past the first bit .
Now something really amazing happens .
Nicolette , finding she is left alone , will charge towards the barracade and destroy it by unknown means .
Do the same for the next barracade .
She certainly is very clever !
Investigate Beth 's spy network and summon Everett .
Another stunning entrance from Nicolette
Leave the augmentation alone , but apply the Upgrade to your Regeneration system .
Everett will want you to get some gold for him in a nearby MJ12 cathedral .
To get there you must go to the crypt , which is now full of Commandos .
Go back and take the barrel of Boom with you .
With luck there should only be two commandos between you and the crypt .
Snipe the first one in the head , it should take just one shot .
Now take the Boom to the crypt and throw it at the other commando .
MJ12 : I 've got a bogey !
JCD : Not for long !
( ' booger ' is the nearest American equivalent )
If your legs came off again , slither back to Beth 's lab with your Regeneration service running .
By the time you arrive the leg (s ) should have regrown .
Recharge yourself with the repairbot and go back down the sewers .
Cathedral of Sin
This is fairly straightforward .
Listen to the pretty music ( especially when you die ) and jump over the gate using your Class IV legs .
As soon as you see any MJ12 people , blow their heads off with your rifle .
Shut down the big , lumbering robot using the terminal , and do n't forget to stand on the basketball of perpetual motion to start it spinning forever .
If you need to recharge , go down into the subway ignoring the cries of protest inside your head .
Smash open one of the disused sections and you can go to a repairbot .. the police do n't care about vandalism .
Entering the Cathedral grounds , kill any troops and sneak round the right - hand side to the trellis .
Climb up it , and onto the library .
On your left you should see a window , where a trooper is standing .
Find a safe spot on the roof of the Library where the robots can't see you but you can still hear the trooper babbling to himself .
Take your mouse apart , and remove the ball .
Flick the horizontal roller so that it spins rapidly and the trooper 's voice should have a cool Leslie effect .
Gunther , tracking you by satellite , should by rights wonder what in Hell you 're playing at .
( Leslie speakers : rotating speaker cabinet used with Hammond organs , Fender pianos and Mellotrons .
Look up Keith Emerson with The Nice for some amusing trivia . )
Very carefully , jump onto the buttress near the window and kill the trooper .
Climb up and go around the ledge to the bridge between the two towers .
Snipe the riflemen and pick up their ammo .
Go to where the window trooper was .
Search his body and throw it out the window to where the robots are patrolling .
If you throw a body off the bridge while a robot is going past , the reaction can be quite entertaining .
" Take a look at your Gods .
Take a good look ! "
Go down into the kitchen where Swelter , the evil chef from Castle Gormenghast , is trying to prepare a meal .
Talk to him and using your magic touch , persuade him to betray MJ12 ( as they go , he is quite resistant to subversion ) .
Go into the basement to find the Gold .
Smash the crates and pocket anything that looks nice .
There is a scope mod here too .. attach it to your GEP if you have n't already done so .
Hunter German and the Proximity Mine of Mystery
Go down carefully into the data vault .
On the way down , place two mines ( in the same spot ) on the left - hand wall ( as you go down ) .
Go and poke your nose at Gunther so he starts to run towards you .
Quickly , run up the stairs and he will explode messily .
If you just use one LAM , he will go mad ( and if you then throw LAMs at him from the upstairs balcony hespeak from beyond the grave in a similar manner to Nevarre .
Only managed it once .. ) .
Place a LAM just above the holographic projector ( or alternatively , stack two crates of ambroisa so his image is blocked ) and hack the terminal .
Go figure !
The Proximity Mine of Mystery
Once you 're done , go down the subway and recharge before taking some very hard drugs and waking up in Everett 's house .
IDM : The subway police just shot you to crap !
That did n't happen before !
JPM : I was n't lugging around a dead MJ12 commando before !
Captain Kremmen
At Kenny Everett 's house , root around and steal everything that looks good .
Apply the Upgrade to your Aggressive Defence System .
It may be amusing to throw a LAM or two into the aquarium so there is just one single fish swimming around .
When you 're done talking to Everett , enter the helipad , and trip over the body of a murdered mechanic .
Talk to the Odd Mechanic , and then to Everett .
The Odd Mechanic is guilty of the attempted murder of you and Black Helicopter , and his punishment must be severe .
Shoot the fuel drums he 's leaning on .
If you deem this punishment is not sufficiently harsh , a just alternative is that he should sleep with the fishes .
Talk to the Odd Mechanic once more and tranquilise him .
Take the sleeping form down into the aquarium and leave it to drown in the underpass between the two halves of the tank .
Now board Black Helicopter for a pleasant flight without that nagging worry of sabotage .
Vandenberg Concerto No.3
Some of you may be aware of a bug involving the power generator , that can be used to get unlimited amounts of skill and turn you into Jesus for the price of an hour 's worth of typing ' 5868 ' into the generator .
This is just the sort of bug I 'm always looking out for , but we aregoing to use it .
Two words .. " Kill Switch " .
The win32 version of Deus Ex ( and the Linux version was cancelled , goddammit ) seems to have an internal limit to the total number of Skill Points you can have , both spent and available .
Once this limit is achieved , the program will crash the next time you save or leave the current zone .
( This was NOT fixed by the latest patch . )
I do not know what the total amount of skill points you can have is , but if you make yourself Master of about 7 skills , the engine will die the next time you complete a goal .
Even if you boosted just a couple of things , you 'll run the risk of your ' Kill Switch ' overdosing at the very end of the game with no possibility of escape .
Anyway .
Go to the eastern edge of the roof and cripple the two security robots with EMP grenades .
Then jump off the south side , using your legs .
Kill everyone you meet and make your way to the west side , where the fuel tanks are .
There also a back door east into the building .
Power up the generator , and then climb up the tanks to pick over the two dead snipers .
Now climb along the fuel pipe and go up into the shadowy balcony .
You 'll get 75 free air miles , and two crates containing LAWs .
Take one of the LAWs and use it to open the back door in an astonishing display of overkill and decadence .
Pick up the weapon you dropped to use the LAW and go down and in through the ( now vapourised ) back door .
Go into reception and choose the southern exit , to the lab .
Jump over the laserbeams using your Legs and slay the troopers .
In the flooded lab , find the security console and reprogram the gun turrets to kill in your name .
Pick up the augmentation and install Cloaking .
Notice that by careful management of the augmentations , we are able to have both Cloaking and Radar - Invisibility ( this is not normal ) so you can theoretically be invisible to all life .
Using one of the sofas , block the lower beam of the security grid and sneak back under it .
Go back to reception and into the northern hall , where an MiB and some of his mates are hanging out .
Kill them all ( the box of Boom on a trolley offers some amusing possibilities ) and anyone else who Gets In The Way .
Once this area is quiet , go back to the reception and dance around in front of the camera until the alarm sounds .
Outside , two commandos are watching the cosmic rays instead of keeping watch .
Shoot one in the back with a pistol to annoy him and lead him into reception where he will be torn apart by the gun turret .
The other one has probably not noticed the murder of his comrade so shoot him too and lead him to the turret .
Make certain that the alarm is n't about to stop before you go and fetch him , though .
Outside , make sure you disabled the two neat security robots with EMP devices , and blow up the ugly military robots with Heavenly Manna .
Then go into the comms building ( but take your time or the occupants will murder you as a reward for saving them ) and blow up the lockers in the back room with a GEP .
Apply the upgrade to your cranial defences for some seriously cool stuff later on .
Now do the tunnels .
There 's an augmentation upgrade on a dead Mechanic in the flooded generator room .
Apply it to regeneration or the recirculator .
In the stores , you can find some rockets , and with a bit of trickery involving your Legs and Arms and the bridge , you can also get one of the barrels of Boom .
However , when you try taking it up the ladder and out of the tunnels it turns into a pillar of salt ( it 's worth doing this just to see that happen ! )
The strange transmutation of the Barrel of Boom
Now go into the control room , where Savage Gary is trying to make the Universal Constructor software work on his mid-sixties Honeywell mainframe .
The billion - dollar brain
Fix the computer and something Really Bad happens .
Now you must go to the garage .
Find Black Helicopter , who will be at the base entrance and fly away .
The garage is pretty trivial , so it's on to the Ocean Lab .
( JCD has just attained Master level shotgun at the garage , and discovers he can now take out Commandos with a single , well - aimed shot .
The following is short piece of reverie , bordering on madness : ) JCD :
You made me too strong , Page !
I am the rifle king !
The shotgun messiah !
I shall conquer the world !
MJ12 Trooper :
Who 's out there ??
JCD : THE MESSIAH !! ( Blam ! ) MJ12 Trooper : ..urk ..
The Ocean Lab
First , we need a sub .
Ignore the robots .
Kill the charlie on patrol and steal his keys .
Wander around the base killing enemies until you get to the URV access lift in Module 2 .
Go to the back side of the lift , where there 's a lockpick and some batteries in a pair of crates .
Now stand on the window for a fun little dance .
The dancing room
When you 're done , go down the lift and program the turrets to kill in your name .
Now set off the alarm and have the guns shred the MJ12 people .
Ignore everyone else and hack the terminal by the Immoral mechanic .
Open the pod bay doors and drive off .
The Lab itself is totally crocked .
You will probably have to GEP a number of security systems .
In the ammo dump ( locked door , apparently no key ) you will find some Manna , Rifle rounds and a few other goodies .
You will have swim around in the greasel tanks now .
If you see any , they can be turned to soup with a LAM .
Make your way to the construction facility .
To get into the crew areas , you 'll need to steal a key from a huge Karkian or two .
This will hurt ..
I suggest using GEP or Manna to obliterate them .
Once you 've sorted out the karkians and the insane turrets , go down the lift to the UC room .
( There 's a good book about UCs in the crew area )
At about this point , Bob Page announces his intention to become God ..
I want a piece of that .
Now , deactivate the security grid and you should n't have any problems with the spiderbots .
However , you will probably need to sling a round or two of Manna From Heaven at the ultraspider .
Universal Contractor
Go up to the UC , stopping on the way to relieve a dead MiB of his upgrade .
Apply it to anything ..
I would suggest either Regeneration or Recirculation .
Up the lift is a retracted bridge .
We could just jump over the thing , but there is a box of Boom that we need to have .
You 'll need to destroy the turrets as well ..
a scope - equipped GEP is handy for this kind of job .
Get the schematics and take the Boom down .
Page will appear holographically so put the Boom down first .
He laughs at you and gives vague hints about your impending demise and the erasure of Vandenburg .
Take the Boom back up the lift to the crew module , where Walton Simons appears in a Vision and starts making threatening speeches .
Take the crate of Boom through the dark red tunnels and stop by the door .
Simons is waiting outside .
He is very dangerous in combat , so we 'll have to cheat .
First , put the Boom down ( gently ) and select your Assault Rifle .
This is for preparation : make sure it is set to fire shots of Manna From Heaven and not bullets .
Once it 's ready , put the gun away and pick up the Boom again .
Save .
Now switch on Recirculation , Legs and possibly Regeneration .
Open the door and go out slowly , facing right .
As he speaks , you 'll automatically throw the Boom at Simons .
It will maim him ( and very possibly break your legs ) , but the best bit is that he will be stunned , and runs about like a confused chicken .
Before he recovers , whip out the Assault Rifle and kibble him ( There is n't much good stuff on his body anyway ) .
Regenerate and shut your Legs down .
You may need to go back to the UC lab to recharge .
Then leave the labs , killing everyone who gets in the way .
Up back to the roof of the base , where Black Helicopter and Savage Gary are waiting for you .
Get the upgrade off Savage , and then fly away leaving him stranded on the roof .
The Temple of Siloh First , you must get inside .
You can't jump over the fence , so go around until you find a guard hut .
There are three troopers inside , gambling .
Gambling is a sin , so break one of the windows and throw a LAM into it .
Groo greets the troopers in his usual friendly manner
Now grab all the goodies you can find ( upstairs there is a third floor , opened by the keypad ) .
There is a walkway leading into the complex .
Go down the walkway and use your Legs to jump onto the building .
Kill any resistance and pillage it .
There is also a building with a repairbot in .
You have to jump onto the building and go through the top entrance because the ground floor is blocked .
Go inside and recharge .
In the floor of the repair shed is a grating which leads down to the missile centre .
Use it .
Go through the bulkhead doors , and find the one marked ' launch command ' .
Go inside .
Reprogram the missile launch control to nuke Area 51 .
We will ignore for now the political impact of a million tons of intensely radioactive sand raining down on Russia , China , Europe or the Middle - East , or poisoning the US coastlines .
Now go back out through the bulkheads and find the one marked ' missile silo ' .
When you enter the tunnel , Page will taunt you again , so do n't go in .
Instead , lean around the corner and using your sniper rifle , pick off the Commandos and MiBs .
When all four are dead , loot the corpses and enter the missile chamber .
" I'm a thousand years old , and in my time I have helped commit a million murders .. "
-- The Myrat - Sade
On a higher floor , there is another MiB .
Kill him and head for the highest floor ( 6 ) .
Jump onto the railings and look down .
You should see the yellow of a cherry - picker with a man down there .
Go around until you are just above him and jump onto his head .
Do n't forget to switch on your legs during the fall or you 'll make a funny pattern on the floor .
When you land , Strong Howard will , rather understandably , die .
Page will curse you again .
Look around for any rockets or other goodies you want and go up the ladder .
Open the hatch and talk to Black Helicopter .
History is Bunk
-- Tarkus : Emerson Lake & Palmer
Now we have turned a large tract of desert into radioactive glass , the most sensible thing in the world is to land there and walk around in it .
Snipe the sniper that Black Helicopter warns you about and head towards the door of the tower he 's standing in .
Now we are well on the way to becoming the new messiah , an authentic Galilee miracle is exactly what we need to demoralise Page .
Go to the tower and stand in front of the door .
Activate your level IV aggressive defence engine , and there will now be a white flash as the door explodes by the power of your mind .
Go upstairs and open the bunker door .
Go to the smaller bunker with the satellite dish and go downstairs .
Get the Upgrade and any good stuff .
An alternative method of entry is to go down the fan in one of the hangars .
Do n't forget to blow up the fan blades first , or you 'll be sporting the chutney look this summer .
Take on the bunker .
Exactly what you do depends on which path you took to get in .
Make your way to sector 3 , using the holoprojectors as you find them .
From sector 3 , go to the Aquinas Hub .
Dowd will talk to you and Page will call him a senile old fool .
Have a chat with Helios and it all comes clear ..
Among the sins and crimes of Brother Michael , the one that seemed to me most foul was , in short , that the aforementioned Minorite had proclaimed that Saint Thomas Aquinas was not a saint nor did he enjoy eternal salvation , but was , on the contrary , damned and in a state of perdition !
-- The Name of the Rose
Everybody wants to rule the world
You are offered four choices .
Kill Page , join the Illuminati and rule the world in secret .
Blow up the lab , destroy the world infrastructure and collapse civilisation , beginning a new dark age .
Merge with Helios and become the Holy Trinity .
A perfect blend of machine and man to rule the world with logic , unfettered by greed and ambition .
Do nothing , and allow Bob Page to immanentize the eschaton .
This is Bad and presumably what happens if you die .
Option 2 is right out .. this IS the worst suggestion Tong ever gives you .
You 're augmented ; without 21st century technology you probably wo n't last another decade .
Also this path would have dire consequences for the Lesser Black Helicopter population , which require technology to feed and human intervention as part of their reproductive process .
Option 1 is quite tempting , but it requires a bit more work .
Dowd , Everett , DeBeers and company will have to be eliminated , for instance .
And what fun is ruling the world if nobody knows about it ?
It has to be the third option ..
Apotheosis !
Anyway .
Go back upstairs and hide in the alcoves that the robots come out of .
Cower there until everyone else is dead ( your Eyes should tell you ) and then go south .
There are more enemies out there , so wait until you start to catch a little fire and then go back into the hidey - hole .
Wait for the MiB to explode .
Jump across the gorge to get some more rockets if you need them , and kill the ultraspider .
Now head to sector 4 .
Red Sector A
Make your way in , and talk to Page .
Go down to the lowest floor , and switch off the UC ( use a GEP to enter the control room ) .
Kill off all the fauna and head to the NW control room .
Go into the coolant pump room .
Page will lose control utterly and give a most remarkable speech .
Helios will tell you not to go in there .
Now we 've heard Page 's speech , go to the NE room , which leads to the routing station .
Switch on the stuff as per Helios ' instructions .
Page will turn apoplectic .
Ignore him and go back to the booth in Sector 3 : it 's Jesus Time .
Soon you will have power - over - all , and Bob Page will have bugger - all .
As a cyborg , you are destined to rule the world in wisdom and benevolence ..
Naah .
Black Helicopter , take me to Washington .
I have an accession speech to make to my subjects .
Bits and Bobs
IM : But you 've lost one of your legs !
JM : I do n't care , I 've got another !
I * have n't* got another bomb !
UN : We had to execute the prisoners .
They would n't talk .
JCD : Somebody told me that before .
I destroyed their soul .
MJ12 : I could have sworn ...
Groo :
You will !
JM : ( screaming at the lift doors ) Open , Mother____er !!!
IM : Open Sesame .
The word ' Mother____er ' does not appear in the Arabian Nights .
JM : I set fire to the rat , and then the robots killed me ..
JM : Two legs good !
No legs bad !
Music that means something :
" See the gun , pick it up , and all day long you 'll have good luck . "
( KMFDM )
" Is this the kind of work you 'd like to do ? " ( Front - 242 )
" Sickness to insanity ..
Prayer to profanity ... " ( Rush )
" I'm a bomb set off without warning . . " ( Spock 's Beard )
" Blood is black in the moonlight . . " ( Bal - Sagoth )
" Kill everything .
Kill everything .
Bomb the living bejeepers out of those forces . "
( KMFDM )
" I 'll give you the names of those you must kill ; all must die with their children . " ( Genesis )
Made with Midnight Commander !
Back to the front page
Eek .
the Cat is a chubby purple cat who lives in a violent world and his Motto is " It never hurts to help . "
Well , he always gets hurt anyway , and his adventures spoof many movies and TV shows .
After the first couple of seasons , the show was renamed and a second segment called The Terrible Thunderlizards was added .
Thunderlizards are a group of misfit dinosaurs who set out to destroy two cavemen ( Bill and Scooter ) and always miss , while Scooter is trying to show Bill his new inventions .
A short - lived third segment called Klutter was added to season 4 of Eek and the show was renamed once again .
Siblings Ryan and Wade Heap want a pet , so they create a strange dog - like creature named Klutter from a pile of clothes using static electricity .
The trio frequently went on Scooby - Doo - type mysteries and rescue missions .
Written by Girl < youngdoorgirl@hotmail.com >
In a move that may actually pass without a huge uproar , Facebook has begun testing new privacy options that will make the service pretty much just like Twitter , but only if you want it to be .
Or so they say .
If these changes pass without a big user protest it would mark something of a return to normalcy for the service , which in the recent past has become globally - recognized for its ability to tiff users at seemingly every turn .
Once the changes - - now in beta and not yet final -- are complete , users will be able to decide who can see their Facebook posts on a post - by - post basis .
The sounds like a chore , and may be if not implemented properly , but it also makes Facebook potentially much more flexible and useful than Twitter .
With the enhanced privacy controls , described by Facebook execs here and here , users will be able to select quite specifically -- from everyone on the planet down to a single friend -- who sees which posts .
Twitter makes no such allowances .
Once you 've accepted a follower , they see everything you Tweet .
That aspect is part of what makes
Twitter more like a news or announcements service and less a way to share information with only your close friends .
That , and the 140 - character message limitation , which Facebook lacks .
The new Facebook controls , as I understand them , would allow me to post links to blog posts like this one for everyone to see , while items of interest only to my ham radio friends would be visible only to a group of people that I 've specifically selected .
Create enough groups and you could make Facebook publishing a pretty granular thing , while still maintaining a public face by posting to everyone .
This could become complex , but only if you want to add lots of groups and sometimes forget to select the proper setting before sharing .
Reading Facebook 's description of the planned changes , which include getting rid of the oh - so - useless regional networks , I ca n’t find anything that makes the hair on the back of my neck rise .
That is an unusual experience with Facebook lately , so I 'll have to go back and reread a few times .
Still , with the addition of friendly URLs ( I am www.facebook.com/coursey), and the forthcoming privacy changes , Facebook may become a better Twitter than Twitter as well as a better Facebook than Facebook is today .
Finally , a Facebook change I may not have to vote against .
David Coursey , who has been called " cranky " in some blog circles , points out that this post is almost warm and cuddly .
He tweets as techinciter and can be reached directly using the form at www.coursey.com/contact.
Israel says it followed international law in Gaza Israel must investigate the " unlawful " killing of 11 civilians carrying white flags during its Gaza operation earlier in 2009 , Human Rights Watch has said .
Five women and four children were among those killed in seven incidents detailed by the US - based rights group .
Researchers said the soldiers at best failed to protect civilians , and at worst deliberately shot at them .
Israel has launched investigations into five " white flag " incidents , but says Hamas exploited civilians with flags .
In one incident , east of Jabalya , HRW said Israeli soldiers fired at two women and three children , three of whom were holding pieces of white cloth .
Two girls , aged two and seven were killed , and another , now aged four , was left paralysed below the waist .
The five were standing outside their home after an Israeli soldier had ordered them to leave it , HRW said .
WHITE FLAG ACCUSATIONS
Paralysed girl reflects Gaza plight Injured girl treated in Egypt Israel ' shot at fleeing Gazans ' " We spent seven to nine minutes waving the flags , and our faces were looking at them [ the soldiers ] , " HRW quoted the girls ' grandmother as saying .
" And suddenly they opened fire and the girls fell to the ground . "
Two of the incidents in question have also been investigated by the BBC .
In five of the seven incidents , Israeli soldiers shot at civilians who were walking down the street with white flags , trying to leave the areas of fighting , HRW said .
" All available evidence indicates that Israeli forces were in control of the areas in question , no fighting was taking place there at the time , and no Palestinian forces were hiding among the civilians or using them as human shields , " the report said .
The Israeli foreign ministry has opened investigations into at least five cases involving Palestinians who were waving white flags .
As of the end of July , one case had been closed .
The Israeli military said troops had fired at " suspicious men " who ignored warnings as they walked near a Palestinian family carrying a white flag .
Sadly , Hamas terror operatives ruthlessly pervert the intent of the IDF 's obligations to prevent harm to civilians by exploiting those with white flags as cover for belligerent action and to protect themselves from return fire
Statement by Israeli military
Hamas rocket attacks ' war crimes ' Israelis ' followed law in Gaza ' HRW said its findings were based on site investigations , ballistic evidence found at the scene , medical records of victims and lengthy interviews with multiple witnesses .
An Israeli government spokesman said the report lacked credibility because it was based on evidence from an area under Hamas control .
The Israeli military said troops were obliged to respect white flags , but accused " Hamas terror operatives " of " exploiting those with white flags as cover for belligerent action and to protect themselves from return fire " .
But it gave no details of specific incidents .
Israel has said its soldiers acted lawfully during the operation , although some mistakes were made , such as the bombing of a house containing 21 civilians by accident .
It says it went to great lengths to distinguish between civilians and combatants , while Hamas put civilians at great risk by firing rockets from near schools and UN facilities , commandeering hospital facilities and ambulances , hiding weapons in mosques and booby trapping civilian neighbourhoods .
War crime accusation Human Rights
Watch last week accused Hamas of war crimes , for firing rockets at Israeli population centres .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The group also says Palestinian militants operated from populated areas .
HRW 's Bill Van Esveld said last Thursday that a Newsweek report quoted in a recent Israeli Foreign Ministry briefing was " as clear evidence of human shielding [ by Hamas ] as you 're going to get " .
Journalist Rod Nordland wrote on 20 January : " Suddenly there was a terrific whoosh , louder even than a bomb explosion .
It was another of Hamas ' homemade Qassam rockets being launched into Israel - and the mobile launch - pad was smack in the middle of the four [ apartment ] buildings , where every apartment was full . "
But Mr Van Esveld said he was only aware of evidence of " three or four " such cases , and had seen more evidence of the use of human shields by Israeli troops than by Palestinian militants .
The Israeli activist group Breaking the Silence has published anonymous testimonies of Israeli soldiers describing a procedure in which they said Palestinians were forced at gunpoint to enter building where militants were hiding .
Soldier jailed Israel said its 22 - day operation in Gaza was " necessary and proportionate " and was aimed at reducing Palestinian rocket fire .
The Israeli military says it his currently investigating about 100 incidents , of which 13 are criminal investigations .
On Wednesday a soldier was jailed for seven months for using a credit card he stole from a Palestinian in Gaza during the operation to withdraw money in Israel .
Israel says 1,166 Gazans died in the conflict .
Palestinian human rights groups put the figure at 1,400 .
Accounts differ as to how many were civilians .
Thirteen Israelis died , including three civilians killed in Palestinian rocket attacks .
Israel says 12,000 rockets and mortars were fired at Israel between 2000 and 2008 - nearly 3,000 in 2008 alone .
Hamas denies committing war crimes and firing rockets from residential areas .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I dont ’ know , but from here it looks like he ’s next in line …
:: Pic pilfered from i am bored : :
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Looks like a billion gazillion television screens , thundering their nonsense and babbling at the same time in some gigantic art installation .
Or maybe one of those crazy LED art projects in a skyscraper .
It 's better than all that , put together .
Advertisement
What you are seeing here is the Rosetta Disk : 13,500 pages of data — in 1,500 languages — etched on a nickel .
To see each page individually you 'll need a 500x microscope .
[ Rosetta Project via Long Now Foundation via BBG ]
Backwards and forwards compatibility is an art .
In the very basic and generic form , it consists in organizing the introduction of new concepts while allowing people to maintain existing assets working .
In some cases , the new concepts introduced are disruptive , in the sense that they prevent the original form of the asset to be preserved completely , and then some careful consideration has to be done for creating a migration path which is technically viable , and which at the same time helps people keeping the process in mind .
A great example of what not to do when introducing such disruptive changes has happened in Python recently .
Up to Python 2.5 , any strings you put within normal quotes ( without a leading character marker in front of it ) would be considered to be of the type str , which originally was used for both binary data and textual data , but in modern times it was seen as the type to be used for binary data only .
For textual information , the unicode type has been introduced in Python 2.0 , and it provides easy access to all the goodness of Unicode .
Besides converting to and from str , it ’s also possible to use Unicode literals in the code by preceding the quotes with a leading u character .
This evolution has happened quite cleanly , but it introduced one problem : these two types were both seen as the main way to input textual data in one point in time , and the language syntax clearly makes it very easy to use either type interchangeably .
Sounds good in theory , but the types are not interchangeable , and what is worse : in many cases the problem is only seen at runtime when incompatible data passes through the code .
This is what gives form to the interminable UnicodeDecodeError problem you may have heard about .
So what can be done about this ?
Enter Python 3.0 .
In Python 3.0 an attempt is being made to sanitize this , by promoting the unicode type to a more prominent position , removing the original str type , and introducing a similar but incompatible bytes type which is more clearly oriented towards binary data .
So far so good .
The motivation is good , the target goal is a good one too .
As usual , the details may complicate things a bit .
Before we go into what was actually done , let ’s look at an ideal scenario for such an incompatible change .
As mentioned above , when introducing disruptive changes like this , we want a good migration path , and we want to help people keeping the procedure in mind , so that they do the right thing even though they ’re not spending too many brain cycles on it .
Here is a suggested schema of what might have happened to achieve the above goal : in Python 2.6 , introduce the bytes type , with exactly the same semantics of what will be seen in Python 3.0 .
During 2.6 , encourage people to migrate str references in their code to either the previously existent unicode type , when dealing with textual data , or to the new bytes type , when handling binary data .
When 3.0 comes along , simply kill the old str types , and we ’re done .
People can easily write code in 2.6 which supports 3.0 , and if they see a reference to str they know something must be done .
No big deal , and apparently quite straightforward .
Now , let ’s see how to do it in a bad way .
Python 2.6 introduces the bytes type , but it ’s not actually a new type .
It ’s simply an alias to the existing str type .
This means that if you write code to support bytes in 2.6 , you are actually not writing code which is compatible with Python 3.0 .
Why on earth would someone introduce an alias on 2.6 which will generate incompatible code with 3.0 is beyond me .
It must be some kind of anti-migration pattern .
Then , Python 3.0 renames unicode to str , and kills the old str .
So , the result is quite bad : Python 3.0 has both str and bytes , and they both mean something else than they did on 2.6 , which is the first version which supposedly should help migration , and not a single one of the three types from 2.6 got their names and semantics preserved in 3.0 .
In fact , just unicode exists at all , and it has a different name .
There you go .
I ’ve heard people learn better from counter - examples .
Here we have a good one to keep in mind and avoid repeating .
The four - year college degree has come to cost too much and prove too little .
It ’s now a bad deal for the average student , family , employer , professor and taxpayer .
A student who secures a degree is increasingly unlikely to make up its cost , despite higher pay , and the employer who requires a degree puts faith in a system whose standards are slipping .
Too many professors who are bound to degree teaching can’t truly profess ; they do n’t proclaim loudly the things they know but instead whisper them to a chosen few , whom they must then accommodate with inflated grades .
Worst of all , bright citizens spend their lives not knowing the things they ought to know , because they ’ve been granted liberal - arts degrees for something far short of a liberal - arts education .
I ’m not arguing against higher learning but for it — and against the degree system that stands in its way .
STARTING OUT BEHIND
Consider two childhood friends , Ernie and Bill .
Hard workers with helpful families , each saves exactly $ 16,594 for college .
Ernie does n’t get accepted to a school he likes .
Instead , he starts work at 18 and invests his college savings in a mutual fund that tracks the broad stock market .
Throughout his life , he makes average yearly pay for a high school graduate with no college , starting at $ 15,901 after taxes and peaking at $ 32,538 .
Each month , he adds to his stock fund 5 % of his after - tax income , close to the nation ’s current savings rate .
It returns 8 % a year , typical for stock investors .
Bill has a typical college experience .
He gets into a public college and after two years transfers to a private one .
He spends $ 49,286 on tuition and required fees , the average for such a track .
I ’m not counting room and board , since Bill must pay for his keep whether he goes to college or not .
Bill gets average - size grants , adjusted for average probabilities of receiving them , and so pays $ 34,044 for college .
He leaves school with an average - size student loan and a good interest rate : $ 17,450 at 5 % .
The $ 16,594 he has saved for college , you see , is precisely enough to pay what his loans do n’t cover .
Bill will have higher pay than Ernie his whole life , starting at $ 23,505 after taxes and peaking at $ 56,808 .
Like Ernie , he sets aside 5 % .
At that rate , it will take him 12 years to pay off his loan .
Debt - free at 34 , he starts adding to the same index fund as Ernie , making bigger monthly contributions with his higher pay .
But when the two reunite at 65 for a retirement party , Ernie will have grown his savings to nearly $ 1.3 million .
Bill will have less than a third of that .
How can that be ?
College degrees bring higher income , but at today ’s cost they ca n’t make up the savings they consume and the debt they add early in the life of a typical student .
While Ernie was busy earning , Bill got stuck under his bill .
My example is a crude one .
I adjust neither wages nor investment returns for inflation , resulting in something of a wash .
I do n’t take out for investment taxes , since it would take Ernie only a few years to move his starting sum into a tax - shielded retirement account , and both savers could add to such accounts thereafter .
I assume 2007 ’s income - tax distribution holds despite pending changes that will shift it in favor of Ernie ’s lower income .
I ’m comparing only savings , not living standards .
Bill will presumably be able to afford nicer things than Ernie along the way .
But maybe not : I assume that Bill completes college in four years .
More than 40 % of students who enter a bachelor ’s program do n’t have a degree after six years , according to Ohio University economics professor Richard Vedder , whose book “ Going Broke by Degree ” sounded an alarm over college costs in 2004 .
Crucially , I also assume college - educated Bill will earn what his peers did in bubbly 2005 , when bloated real - estate and stock prices stoked consumer spending , producing unusually large corporate profits and loose lending , and sending banks grabbing after grads at premium pay .
The bubbles have since popped , and banks have shrunk .
“ The economic downturn has worsened the cost problem , ” Vedder says .
“ There will be many more people for whom costs will exceed benefits . ”
Some students will get a better - than - average deal .
They ’ll get more aid or end up in higher - paying jobs .
But far too many will lose money .
It ’s crass , you might think , to reduce education to a financial decision .
An educated citizenry is healthier , more tolerant , more politically engaged and more fulfilled than an ignorant one .
But I refer above to degrees , not education .
The two are not the same , even if policymakers talk as though they are .
POOR PROOF OF LEARNING
Students want jobs and respect .
Degrees bring both .
Employers , meanwhile , want smart , capable workers .
A degree is a decent enough proxy for intelligence , but we want it to be more than that .
We want degrees to mean that students have learned the foundations of human knowledge : literature , chemistry , physics , composition , metaphysics , psychology , economics and so on .
If we did n’t , we ’d replace degrees with inexpensive vocational exams .
Charles Murray , a fellow at American Enterprise Institute , calls for just that in a recent book , “ Real Education . ”
He argues that too many kids who lack the ability to complete a liberal - arts education are being pushed into four - year liberal - arts schools , because there ’s a steep societal penalty for not getting a degree .
Schools , in turn , have made their degree programs easier .
Murray provides a sample of courses that students used to fulfill core degree requirements at major universities in 2004 , including History of Comic Book Art ( Indiana University ) , History and Philosophy of Dress ( Texas Tech University ) and Campus Culture and Drinking ( Duke University ) .
He documents not only falling standards but rampant grade inflation .
He ’s not alone .
In 2005 , the Department of Education created a commission to study the college system and recommend reforms .
A year later , the Spellings Commission ( named for then - Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings ) reported a long list of shortcomings , including “ a remarkable absence of accountability mechanisms to ensure that colleges succeed in educating students . ”
It found “ disturbing signs ” that degree earners “ have not actually mastered the reading , writing and thinking skills we expect of college graduates . ”
Literacy levels among college graduates , the commission noted , fell sharply over the 12 years ending in 2003 .
HARVARD , A CASE STUDY
To be sure , Harvard graduates are bright .
They were bright when they got accepted .
Last year , Harvard ’s undergraduate school accepted a record - low 7.9 % of the record - high number of students who applied .
Of these , 97 % will earn degrees , and most will rightly go on to win plum jobs and coveted spots in graduate schools .
But universities are meant to teach , just as hospitals are meant to heal .
A hospital that turned away the sickest 92 % of patients would have little cause to celebrate the recovery of the rest .
Harvard , though , is called America ’s finest college by US News & World Report .
“ There ’s almost a tyranny to it , ” says Ohio University ’s Vedder .
“ Somehow a good college has become one that turns people away . ”
High cost is n’t a coincidence but a necessary outcome .
The way to keep a thing valuable is to keep it scarce , so prestigious schools accept few .
Government affordability initiatives — grants , loans , tax breaks and the like — puff up buying power against constrained supply , ballooning prices and creating the opposite of affordability .
In the 10 - year period ending in 2005 , increases in tuition and fees outpaced inflation by 36 % at private colleges and 51 % at public ones .
Harvard ’s own charter , engrossed on parchment in 1650 , says nothing about keeping knowledge scarce .
It simply promises , in welcoming language for the time , “ the education of the English and Indian youth of this country . ”
I single out Harvard because it ’s iconic , not because it ’s more guilty than its peers .
How sad that elite schools are reduced to machines that cull the bright from the dull and charge mightily to brand them for success — which these students would have achieved anyhow , because they ’re bright .
A more inclusive four - year degree is n’t the answer ; the degree itself often obstructs learning .
Consider the laid - off sales clerk who wishes to pursue a college education in hopes of finding a better job .
If he wants to go to a name - brand school he must study for and take an admissions test and apply .
He must also file a financial - aid application as long and complex as a tax return .
He then must wait and cross his fingers .
If accepted by the school , he must wait again for the right part of the academic calendar to come around and hope that the classes he wants are n’t full .
Suppose all goes well .
He ’ll be sitting in front of a teacher a good 18 months after first deciding to learn .
What folly .
As I write this , Google is putting every book ever written online .
Apple is offering video college lectures for free download through its iTunes software .
Skype allows free videoconferencing anywhere in the world .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and many other schools have made course materials available for free on their Web sites .
Tutors cost as little as $ 15 an hour .
Today ’s student who decides to learn at 1 a.m. should be doing it by 1:30 .
A process that makes him wait 18 months is not an education system .
It ’s a barrier to education .
THERE’S A BETTER WAY
The system must change before students are made poorer , society grows less equal , the bright are left ignorant and “ college ” comes to mean a four - year pajama party intruded upon by the occasional group discussion on gender studies .
The answer is to relieve schools of the job of validating knowledge and return them to a role of spreading it .
Colleges should no more vouch for their own academic competence than butchers should decide for themselves whether their meat is USDA prime .
The Spellings Commission recommended that government push colleges to “ develop interoperable outcomes - focused accountability systems designed to be accessible and useful for students , policymakers and the public , as well as for internal management and institutional improvement . ”
Unencrypted , that means schools should figure out a way to prove what students have learned , beyond the say - so of their degrees .
The commission was correct on what ’s needed .
It was wrong on who should do it .
We need a national standard for certifying what students have learned .
The easiest way is to simply test independently for course knowledge and compile the results on standardized knowledge transcripts .
We do similar testing now .
Students at 1,400 colleges ( about a third of such US institutions ) can get credit for courses by passing tests created by the College Board .
( Participating schools generally restrict the number of tests students may use toward degrees . )
There are 34 subjects , including calculus , biology , US history , business law and Spanish language .
Tests cost $ 70 .
Guide books cost $ 10 .
There are 1,300 test centers on college campuses .
Perhaps these tests are comprehensive enough , and perhaps they ’re not .
I ’m not qualified to say .
The nation ’s professors are , and they should take up the task of defining this new national standard , even at a threat to their own power , because in truth , a teacher forced to amicably promote the few when he should be boldly teaching the many is robbed of power .
I can only guess what this knowledge transcript would look like — something like a résumé or credit report , perhaps .
I picture a scrawny tree drawn on a page , with the branches representing the fields of learning and the student tasked with extending them .
Perhaps vocational certificates would be listed , too .
Maybe , once the tree reached a prescribed fatness , we ’d call the student a bachelor of arts .
But employers could select whatever tree shapes suited them , and college would no longer be a degree - or - nothing affair .
Learning would be available everywhere and at a moment ’s notice , and would be rewarded right away .
This knowledge transcript would care nothing about where a student had learned , how much he spent or how long he took .
It would n’t care whether he was 12 or 60 when he proved he knew algebra or how many times he failed before succeeding , or whether he knew important people .
Employers would have better proof of what students knew .
Policymakers , too .
Students would n’t pile on debt .
They would n’t be misled by a college degree into believing they knew more than they did .
They ’d become true stewards of their own lifelong education .
Universities , I ’m guessing , would look much the same .
Students would always want to go on long learning sabbaticals at places with top teachers and well - appointed classrooms , and to be around like - minded people for collaboration , sports , fellowship and , not nearly least , mating .
But schools would have to truly compete on price and teaching excellence .
They ’d no longer be able to charge students high prices just because of their ability to confer on them high pay .
They ’d teach as many students as would learn , since doing so would strengthen their brands , not dilute them .
Whisperers would once again profess , and we ’d all be better for it .
Jack Hough is an associate editor at SmartMoney and the author of “ Your Next Great Stock : How to Screen the Market for Tomorrow ’s Top Performers . ”
A Strategy Game of High Mathematical Precision
To enjoy the full depth of Rhythmomachia , we recommend to read the rules on this page incrementally , and instantly try a few moves on the board .
When you take a little time to discover its value , Rhythmomachia really is just an incredible game !
Be sure to click the End Turn button at the end of each turn .
If your browser does not support applets , download and start java - jar Rhythmomachia2.jar
If your web browser does not display the board game above , download Rhythmomachia .
Look at the button descriptions and further help if you are unsure what the buttons do .
If the whole applet does not show , make sure you have enabled Java support for your browser .
A new implementation , Rhythmomachia 2 , with much more features is available as a separate application for download or as Rhythmomachia 2 Webstart .
P.S. I implemented Rhythmomachia when I was in high school before I knew anything about computer science .
But you may enjoy this fun game as much as I did back then .
See David Dyers ' recent Rhythmomachia
The Rules of the Game
Rhythmomachia is a complex strategic game played on a board similar to a chessboard .
It is an old game supposedly invented in the Middle Ages , and has several mathematical roots .
Rhythmomachia is played by two players .
The program is based on a historical reconstruction .
Early , there were some theoretical and mathematical examinations .
Some concerning the best strategies , and some analyzing how far Rhythmomachia 's tactics might relate to ancient warfare .
Though some of these examinations might be mainly unproved or even mere fiction conserved over the centuries , one cannot doubt that Rhythmomachia makes use of certain mathematical connections known in number theory .
Rhythmomachia is played by two players .
Who wins and when ?
The player whose figures ( pieces ) are arranged in a regular mathematical order on the opposite yard , or has captured all opposite figures .
Who starts ?
The blue one does the first move .
Then the two players alternate by turn .
The Moves
For making a move , use your mouse to drag pieces to their new position according to the following moves :
Infantry , represented by a circle , moves exactly 2 fields in horizontal or vertical direction .
Cavalier , represented by a triangle , moves exactly 3 fields in diagonal direction .
Chariot , represented by a square , moves exactly 4 fields in any direction , horizontally , vertically , or diagonally .
The Pyramid , represented by a pyramidal tower , contains six or less units and can choose like which of its pieces it wants to move or attack , every time .
If a figure contained in the pyramidal tower is attacked successfully , then it is removed and cannot be used for moving , any more .
Important :
The number of fields moved includes the starting and ending position !
So a Cavalier has moved three fields if it has simply stepped over one empty field in between .
This unusual calculation is important for attacks .
The number of fields moved So a Cavalier has moved three fields if it has simply stepped over one empty field in between .
This unusual calculation is important for attacks .
Each figure has a rating that determines its combat values , whereas hardly any two figures have the same ratings .
If a pyramid looses one of its components and an identical duplicate of the same league is still in play , the player can choose to swap them out .
The figure in the pyramid which was lost is removed and the duplicate takes its place in the pyramid , instead .
The Attacking Options
Though every player can only do a single move per turn , each can attack as many times as possible , before and / or after their move .
Each figure can attack as many times as possible and attacks can be lead by as many figures as necessary .
To attack an opponent 's figure successfully , you must reduce its rating exactly to 0 ( each figure that still has a negative or positive rating at the end of the opponents turn , will regenerate to its full rating ) .
Various possibilities for a single attack of a figure do exist , each with the goal of reducing the target 's rating to 0 .
They can be combined freely :
Direct confrontation is used if a movement of a figure would lead exactly onto the target figure and the ratings are equal .
Combat formation in joint attack Choose the kind of attack :
of attack : Destroying Attack uses reduction / subtraction for altering .
A figure 's combat value will be subtracted from the target 's rating .
uses reduction / subtraction for altering .
A figure 's combat value will be subtracted from the target 's rating .
Reinforcement Attack uses addition for altering .
A figure 's combat value will be added to the target 's rating .
uses addition for altering .
A figure 's combat value will be added to the target 's rating .
Choose combat value for an attack :
for an attack : Assault or Multiplying Attack alters the target 's rating by multiplication .
The combat value of a figure that uses this attack will be ownRating * distance .
or alters the target 's rating by multiplication .
The combat value of a figure that uses this attack will be .
Infiltration Attack or Division Attack alters the target 's rating by division .
The combat value of a figure that uses this attack will be ownRating / distance .
Ambuscade also allows multiple figures in a joint attack to contribute by Direct Confrontation if they could move directly to the target and their respective ratings add up to the target rating .
Enable this option via direct configuration -> also joint .
Seige captures pieces that are fully surrounded by enemies ( optional ) .
a figure can only lead an attack into those directions that it can move to .
So for example , a Cavalier can only attack in diagonal directions .
a figure can attack one distinct figure only once , even though it may take part in attacks of any number of different figures each turn .
the distances are calculated like for moves ( including the starting and ending position ) .
The Winning Harmonies
a regular triangle , with three figures , one placed at ( i|j ) and one at ( i+n|j ) and one at ( i|j+m ) , with m , n being integers .
Place these figures in a right - angled triangle .
Rotated triangles are allowed .
a line , with three figures , one placed at one field and the other two figures placed with a distance of exactly n fields each , on the same vertical column or horizontal row , with n being an integer .
So place these piece on one vertical or horizontal line .
Diagonal are allowed .
Arithmetic order applies if the figures fit with an arithmetic sequence ( a n ) with a n := b + c*n .
Then it is a i - a i - 1 = const .
Such as : { 3,5,7} , { 3,9,15} , { 4,8,12} or { 30,36,42} .
The name is derived from the arithmetic series b+c* 1 .
applies if the figures fit with an arithmetic sequence Geometric order applies if the figures fit with a geometric sequence ( g n ) with g n := c*q n .
Then it is g i / g i - 1 = const .
Such as : { 4,16,64} .
The name is derived from the geometric series b+c* q i .
applies if the figures fit with a geometric sequence Harmonic order applies if the figures fit with a harmonic sequence ( h n ) with h n := c / n .
Such as : { 12,6,4} .
The name is derived from the harmonic series b+c* i -r where mostly it is r=1 .
At most one piece in a winning harmony can belong to the opponent .
Download Rhythmomachia
Comments & Puzzles
When attacking , you must respect that :
Optionswill also disable capture of pieces and remove pieces off the board after a successful attack instead .
A player can win if he has arranged three piecesin a distinct shape and a distinct order ( according to their ratings ) .
Such an arrangement must be located entirely on the opponent 's yard ( the half the board where the opposite player starts ) .
At most one of the three pieces can be an opponent 's piece .
The figures playing a role in such an arrangement must be located in a regular mathematical shape without other pieces in between like :
The ratings of these figures must be in a regular order like :
Note the winning harmonies are not checked in the Java implementation , but you can still celebrate if you win .
If you liked this game , you can also download it .
Rhythmomachia 2 is very much like Rhythmomachia 1 , but supports more rules ( for example full pyramid support ) and is customizable for several rule variants at least to some extent .
It has been rewritten completely , in order to flexibilize the rules and make use of more Java features than the original version for Java Virtual Machine 1.0 supports .
This allowed beautifying the user interface .
Also thanks to the integration in our game library , we can now start to implement a computer player .
Some rudimentary steps have already been taken into this direction , but the overall player performance is still much worse than that for the Seti game .
The version 2 is recommended instead of Rhythmomachia 1 .
Rhythmomachia 2 is not available as a Java applet , though , but has to be downloaded and can be run using Java Virtual Machine 1.4 +.
If you have found out any mathematical properties concerning Rhythmomachia , or know any alternative rules then please tell me .
Also if you know about additional sources on the web , I can include a link to them .
Some hints if try to solve some puzzles : a simple mathematical connection in Rhythmomachia concerns the starting arrangements of the figures .
Some of the pieces ' ratings follow up a sequence like :
{n , n*n , n *( n+1 ) , ( n+1 ) * ( n+1 ) , ( n+1 ) * ( 2n+1 ) , ( 2n+1 ) * ( 2n+1 ) }
{ 2 , 4 , 6 , 9 , 15 , 25}
{ 7 , 49 , 56 , 64 , 120 , 225}
for example inCan you find out further connections ?
What pieces are the most effective ones ?
Which can attack the most opponents and which can be attacked by the least ?
Which pieces can be used best for winning harmonies ?
What ratings do these pieces have then ?
Can you compute a list of all possible combinations for winning orders ?
My computer printed out this list of winning orders .
References
[ Bell , 1983 ] Bell , Robert Charles .
The Boardgame Book .
Bookthrift , 1983 .
ISBN 978-0671060305
[ Illmer et al. , 1987 ] Illmer , Detlef & Gädeke , Nora , & Henge , Elisabeth & Pfeiffer , Helene & Spickler - Beck , Monika .
Rhythmomachia .
Hugendubel Verlag , 1987 , ISBN 3-88034-3194 -5 ( in German ) [ Borst , 1986 ] Borst , Arno .
Das mittelalterliche Zahlenkampfspiel .
- Heidelberg : Winter , 1986 . - 553 S. : Ill .
( Supplemente zu den Sitzungsberichten der Heidelberger Akademie der Wissenschaften , Philosophisch - Historische Klasse ; 5 ) Literaturverz .
S. 495 - 498 ISBN 3-533-03750-9 ISBN 3-533-03751-7 SW : Zahlenkampfspiel ; Geschichte ( in German ) [ Barozzi , 1572 ] Barozzi , Francesco ( 1538 ? -1587 ? )
Il nobilissimo et antiqvissimo givoco Pythagoreo nominato rythmomachia cioe battablia de consonantie de nvmeri , ritrouato per vtilita & solazzo delli stidiosi , et al presente in lingua volgare in modo di paraphrasi composto .
Venetia , G. Perchacino , 1572 ( in Italian ) [ Fulke , 1563 ] 1563 translation by William Fulke of Boissiere 's 1554 /56 description of Rythmomachy .
It is entry 15542a in the Short Title Catalog of Pollard and Redgrave , and on Reel 806 of the corresponding microfilm collection .
( The sources disagree , on whether the name is Fulke or Fulwood .
He lived 1538 - 1589 . ) [ Moyer , 2001 ] Moyer , Ann E. The Philosophers ' Game : Rithmomachia in Medieval and Renaissance Europe .
University of Michigan Press , 2001 .
Description Rithmomachia , the Philosophers ' Game : A Mediaeval Battle of Numbers Beschreibung Rhythmomachia - das Philosophenspiel : Ein mittelalterlicher Zahlenkampf Bibliographie More bibliography on Rhythmomachia ( in French ) .
There are quite a few books and descriptions on the deeper aspects , philosophy and strategy of Rhythmomachia play .
Some of them further contain interesting historical motivations .
Last Wednesday , July 8th , Rep. John Conyers ’ office brought Eve Gittelson , aka “ nyceve , ” a leading blogger on health care issues at Daily Kos , and Jane Hamsher , founder of the blog FireDogLake , to Capitol Hill to present a briefing on health care to congressional staff .
More specifically , as Conyers legislative assistant Joel Segal put it , Eve was there to “ talk about her perspective as a blogger .
What she hears day in , day out , from people about what they want to see in a
national health insurance program .
What are their concerns , what are their problems ? ”
And Jane was there to discuss organizing strategies , what she thinks the American people want , and what the role of congressional staff and Members of Congress is in putting a good bill through .
She was also there to talk about a project she ’s engaged in , seeking to get forty members of Congress to go on record on video saying that if there ’s no public plan like Medicare , then there will be no health care reform this year .
Rep .
Conyers himself joined the briefing as well , leading a Q&A session that turned into an initial planning session for a prospective hearing on the health care crisis , perhaps to be held on Capitol Hill during in August recess .
Eve and Jane ’s remarks , as well as more on the Q&A session , after the jump .
Eve Gittelson
Thank you very much Joel , and I ’d like to really thank Joel and Congressman Conyers ’ staff who ’ve been incredibly generous over many years reaching out to bloggers and ordinary Americans : Mike Darner , and Jonathan Godfrey is here , and Cynthia Martin .
I wish there were more people in Congress , and their staff , that reached out to us as Congressman Conyers ’ office does .
I ’m going to talk to you about what it ’s like to be an American citizen without access to health care , and then Jane is gonna talk to you about a very , very important project .
It ’s actually more important than what I ’m going to talk about because it ’s very time sensitive .
But I ’m gonna kind of set the stage .
So , let ’s talk about health care in the United States .
And finally , thank God , it ’s getting some attention here .
The American people do n’t know what ’s taking you so long .
I want to make you very , very uncomfortable today , and if you walk away uncomfortable , then I ’ve done my job .
I also hope you ’ll understand what it ’s like to live without access to health care , or to have bare bones junk insurance , which is insurance in name only .
This is what so many Americans are forced to accept , and which leaves us underinsured , vulnerable , and likely to be bankrupt if we actually need health care .
The U. S. health care system is literally killing my readers .
It is killing them .
I want to read you two e-mails I received just yesterday .
They ’re right here .
You ca n’t make this stuff up .
The first e-mail said , very simply
I have one thing to add to the discussion .
We are dying .
Do our elected officials really get that ?
We ’re not numbers or stories .
We ’re the American people and we are dying .
Forgive me , but I get very overwrought when I talk about this .
Another e-mail asks me to please tell the stories of those who can’t .
And please tell them we ’re not looking for a handout .
We just want to pay our monthly premiums to someone who is not looking to raise our rates , cut us off , or dump us when we get sick or try to seek preventive health care .
The insurers are trying to make us afraid to use our insurance and they ’re doing a damn good job of it .
It would also be nice not to have $ 5,000 or $ 10,000 required deductibles , which is what we have to do in order to keep our monthly payments affordable .
I ’m just reading this e-mail .
Letting for - profit insurers drive the middle class into insolvency is going to cost this country dearly .
A hell of a lot more than universal health care would .
These are just two e-mails from yesterday , and I get tons of e-mails .
The American people are outraged , and so am I .
They are outraged that the rest of the industrialized world can provide health care for all it ’s citizens at a fraction
of the cost we pay to a system which leaves 50 million without and the rest of us one illness or injury away from bankruptcy .
They are outraged that we live in a country where access remains a privilege , not a right .
They are outraged because even among the insured middle class health care is delayed due to costs .
And I ’m one of those middle class Americans , with insurance who delays due to co-pays , deductibles , and low reimbursement .
As I said today I ’m going to let you hear from real Americans .
We feel that inside this bubble of Washington you do n’t understand what is happening to your fellow citizens .
They asked me to tell you stories of human suffering , not to review policy , and that ’s what I hope I ’m gonna try to do .
This is an e-mail I received in January 2009 from a young man named Matthew .
The subject heading was “ I ’m dying ” .
And he wrote to me
The results of some tests came back today .
I have pancreatic cancer .
It is untreatable .
I will die in 2009 .
I ’m not telling you this for pity or whining .
I have known this was coming for a while and I have made my peace with it .
I am telling you this to urge you on in your fight for universal health care .
I have delayed seeing a physician for two years even though I have had a series of symptoms .
I had been unable to qualify for health insurance that I could afford .
Even if I could , my cancer would have been deemed a pre-existing condition unless I had the insurance before two years ago .
I cut back on everything — movies , clothes , restaurants , hot water , air conditioning in Texas , meals — and saved up my money so I could finally see a doctor .
I still did n’t want to spend so much and delayed everything until the symptoms became too serious .
I was taken to an emergency room and was booted to a county hospital when they found out I had no insurance , but made too much to qualify for Medicaid .
And I want to say , just in passing , that there is a woman in the back of the room , named Phyllis , who identified herself to me .
She has a son who has cancer , I believe …
P : Had .
EG : Had cancer , and she had to separate from her husband in order to qualify for Medicaid .
This is a national shame .
Audience : Yes , it is .
EG : Let ’s return to Matthew .
He said in this e-mail to me
What was so frightening to me was not the fact that I was ultimately diagnosed with cancer again , it would not have made a difference with my type , but the number of people I met in the waiting room who had done the exact same thing as I had done .
They had delayed and delayed seeing a doctor , despite the pain and difficult symptoms because they could n’t afford it .
Matthew died one month after sending me this e-mail .
Given these realities , why are you in the process of sticking band - aids on a very , very sick patient ?
And again , I want to answer the question that Joel and Jonathan and Mike and Cynthia asked me to come and address , which is :
What do the American people need in this so - called new and reformed system ?
And I think the best way to answer that is to sort of run through the issues that come up over and over and over again .
I think number one — and before anything , we as a nation need to get something straight — affordable and quality health care in the United States must be a right from cradle to grave for everyone , not a privilege of the few .
Here ’s what must change — and I ’m gonna sort of run through the items that I say come up over and over — if we ’re going to be able to call this legislation reform [ instead of ] just more of the same .
And I would tell you from the point of view of the American people what you ’re about to hear is non-negotiable .
This is a minimum standard .
As I said , we need guaranteed and affordable health care .
Guaranteed health care is not the same as guaranteed and affordable insurance .
We need a system in which we can go to a doctor before small problems become big and expensive ones .
Many , many Americans , myself included again , delay care .
And keep in mind I am a middle class American .
This catastrophe has penetrated deep into the middle - class .
The middle class votes , and the middle class pays the money to elect your representatives .
Many , many Americans , myself included , delay care simply because with co-pays , deductibles , and the uncertainty of the huge bills we will undoubtedly face despite being insured .
And it bears repeating , that in the back of your mind at every doctor ’s appointment is not guaranteed health care , but the guaranteed fight you ’re certain to have with your insurance about paying any bill for any amount .
I want to mention , just for a moment , you know , the dreaded “ R ” word .
“ R ” being rationing , or rationed care .
And I want you to know we already have huge self - rationing in the United States .
Okay ?
So , when you hear that nonsense , keep in mind that Americans are rationing care , self - rationing care .
Here is what a woman named Patricia wrote to me about how her family rations health care .
She says
We ’re part of the growing number of Americans who are underinsured .
We have a Blue Cross Blue Shield plan which costs over $ 600 a month with an annual deductible of $ 6,000 .
Together with the cost of our dental insurance , which I know we ’re very lucky to have , we spend $ 700 a month on coverage .
It amounts to one - fourth of my husband ’s take home pay .
We pay for all of our doctor visits and prescriptions out of pocket .
Our plan will work only if a catastrophic illness or injury occurs .
The monthly premium precludes us from being able to afford even the most basic of care , and we ration doctors visits carefully .
Okay ?
She went on to write
I ’ve been chronically ill for two years and I have no idea what it is I have .
I can endure the pain because so far that is my primary symptom .
What I could not endure would be the loss of our home and everything we have if I sought treatment .
I am not trying to be a martyr .
These are the facts .
I lie awake many nights worrying about my family and other families across the country and wonder how we came to such a point .
Number two .
We must end the specter of medical bankruptcies forever .
I hope you ’re aware , given that you work here , that there ’s been a recent report
in Harvard Medical School which showed conclusively that 62 % of the bankruptcies in the United States have a medical component .
And even more alarming , 78 % of the people who had to file for bankruptcy had health insurance .
How in the world do we accept as normal or rational that tens of millions of Americans , even insured Americans , are one illness or injury away from financial ruin ?
This is insanity .
Speaking of financial ruin , this was written by someone who has what you have , the Federal Employee Health Benefit plan .
He ’s very fortunate , he ’s married to a federal employee .
And he wrote to me as follows .
He wrote
Three years ago I was diagnosed with chronic myelogenous leukemia .
Which means that without my spouse ’s federal employee benefit insurance , I would be going on debt .
As it is , my medication should be costing me $ 36,000 a year , but it ’s only costing me about $ 200 .
Please ask these folks
You .
why it is that I , a fairly common or garden - variety gentleman , should be chosen to live on in relative peace when probably 99 % of those with my diagnosis must go bankrupt on the way to death .
Which brings me to the next major issue , and that is , the reality that our health care system is tied to employment , or , fasten your seat belts , to an unhappy or dangerous , yes dangerous , marriage .
This stifles entrepreneurship , upward mobility , and the natural desire to seek more fulfilling employment from dead - end careers .
I ’m sure you know about the concept of “ job - lock ” .
Job - lock is when someone stays in a job solely because of the health benefits , and millions of Americans have to do that , because if they leave their job they have no assurance of getting another job that will give them benefits that will , you know , allow them to cover their pre-existing conditions .
On the domestic front , people often maintain marital relationships also simply for the health insurance .
I receive e-mails from women in abusive situations who say they can not seek a divorce because they need to maintain the health insurance of their spouse .
It is anti-American to stifle innovation , and it is immoral to have a system so broken and dysfunctional that domestic violence takes a back seat to having health insurance .
And this is exactly what is currently happening .
The fourth item , and this is right at the heart of what is happening in Congress today , we need the right to choose between maintaining our current private policies — if you have UnitedHealth , or WellPoint , and you love it , God bless you , keep it — or moving to a robust , well - funded , and authentic public plan , which is available on day one , and open to all Americans .
This means no triggers , no co-ops , and no curve balls .
This public plan must not become a repository for the sick .
And I ’ll add here , God help us , and God help you , if this is not an integral component of the legislation .
The fifth point .
We need a reduction of sky - rocketing premiums .
It ’s gotten so bad that having insurance is a luxury you ca n’t afford any longer .
It ’s no different than the Lexus in your garage .
The difference is the Lexus is dependable , the insurance is rotten .
This forces most Americans to buy cheap insurance which leaves us dangerously underinsured , which in turn leads to medical bankruptcies .
I ’m going to tell you what happened to me .
Last year my own insurance , my own premium , went up 19 % .
And what I ’m going to describe is not unique to me , this is the norm in the United States .
So what did I do ?
I increased my deductible and my co-pay and reduced my reimbursement .
I went from a $ 500 deductible to a $ 1,000 deductible .
My co-pay went from $ 20 to $ 30 and my reimbursement went from 80 % of “ reasonable and customary ” to 70 % .
And for this , I could re-up for a modest 9 % increase .
So every year we ’re paying a lot more for a lot less , and , of course , this is completely unsustainable .
Here ’s the big , big , big issue : dental care .
It must be part of health care reform .
An American facing , for example , an out - of - pocket root canal will pay about $ 4,000 , certainly in Manhattan , probably in Washington .
Remember , I hope you remember , the tragic story of the 13 - year old boy who died miles from here , simply because his mother could not find a dentist who would accept Medicaid ?
Dental care is an absolutely essential component of this legislation .
The next issue is regulations .
If , tragically , for - profit health insurance is going to remain , if this is the system we are condemned to live with , then for God ’s sake we need intense , I would say draconian , regulation of this industry which has shown time and again that it refuses to regulate itself .
You need to understand these huge corporations are massive denial machines .
Every dollar they pay out in claims goes against the bottom line .
They view paying for health care as the enemy , they view denying coverage as the goal .
So where does this leave ordinary citizens ?
It leaves us fully exposed and having to fight these companies on our own .
This came to me from a young lawyer , who wrote as follows about UnitedHealthcare in New Jersey .
He said they denied a claim for an MRI his doctor had ordered .
It was right after I had spent a hellish two months studying for the bar exam , and my doctor was worried about headaches I was getting at the back of my skull .
So he called the hospital he ’s affiliated with , gets the MRI ordered up , sends me on my way and that ’s the end of it .
Until I get a bill two months later from the hospital with a copy of the insurance company denial of payment letter .
United Healthcare has also denied blood work , supposedly covered by our plan .
I pay $ 800 a month for the privilege of this coverage for my family of three , me , my wife and my infant .
And here again is an American who is insured , self - rationing .
Again ,
I do n’t go to the doctor anymore unless I have a gunshot wound , out of fear of financially ruining my young family for the rest of our lives .
The $ 800 a month I pay has prevented us from finding a place to live .
We live with my wife ’s in - laws .
I want to talk for a moment about well - publicized insurance industry excess .
And the reason I need to review this is because this industry will remain the heart of our so - called reformed health care system , so I wanna just mention a couple of things .
A couple of weeks ago there was a hearing , right here , by the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations , about whether Wellpoint , UnitedHealth , and Assurant cancelled the coverage of more than 20,000 people , allowing the companies to avoid paying more than $ 300 million in medical claims over a five year period .
Late in the hearing , a Mr. Stupak , the committee chairman , put the executives on the spot .
He asked each of them whether he would at least commit his company to immediately stop recissions , except where they could show intentional fraud .
The answer from all three executives ?
No .
Do all of you remember that hearing ?
Yes ?
No ?
Do n’t care ?
Investigations by the Los Angeles Times and others have revealed that employees of various insurance companies were paid bonuses based on the money saved the company by denying claims .
In New York , where I live , Attorney General Cuomo settled with UnitedHealth and it ’s subsidiary Ingenix for $ 50 million in what he called , and I ’m quoting , “ a scheme to defraud consumers by manipulating reimbursement rates . ”
And who could forget William McGuire , the stock back - dating CEO of UnitedHealth , who was forced to return over $ 600 million of ill - gotten gains and pay a $ 7 million fine to the SEC for back - dating stock options ?
Most recently , Wendell Potter , the former Vice President of Communications for CIGNA finally told the truth at a hearing , right here again , before the Senate Commerce Committee .
Potter came clean with what we all know about how insurance companies rig the table .
He said they confuse their customers and dump the sick , all so they can satisfy their Wall Street investors .
I could go on and on , but I wo n’t .
The egregious , and I , others , would say the criminal business practices of this industry are legendary .
These companies are antithetical to the American way of life .
At the end of the day , this is why so many American scratch their heads in bewilderment when we are told by those who we elect to represent us to do the business of the people that this industry will remain in place , largely untouched , and central to the health and well - being of the American people .
And now I ’m going to put you on the spot , and I ’m going to ask you :
Do you think public financing of campaigns might start to change this deplorable state of affairs ?
And I think you know where I ’m going .
On June 4th I wrote a blog asking people to discuss their health care insurance industry horror stories .
The diary received almost 800 responses , and , as Jane can attest , 800 comments on a diary is rather breathtaking .
Virtually all of these were heart - wrenching accounts of what my readers have endured at the hands of the American insurance industry .
I told them I would take their stories to Washington , to you , and this is what I ’m trying to do .
Here are two I want to tell you .
My friend in the ICU can’t move half his body .
He has high blood pressure , he went to his doctor , got a prescription for medicine that his insurance company denied .
While he was waiting for his doctor and insurance company to agree on a medication , his blood pressure blew through a weakness in an artery in his head and he bled into his brain .
He ’s a salesman , but not anymore .
His speech is affected .
He ’s going to need months of rehab .
He ca n’t work , so probably he wo n’t be able to keep his insurance .
Not that it had done him any good up to this point , anyhow .
So what is he to do ?
Go bankrupt ?
Lose his home ?
Possibly his family ?
His dignity ?
All because the damn insurance company said no more vital medication .
And one other person wrote
It ’s difficult seeing her in so much pain , feeling this helpless .
She wo n’t go to the hospital .
She was nearly bankrupted last time she went even though she had health insurance , and now she has none .
With a history of cancer in the family , and various pre-existing conditions , she is effectively uninsurable .
I plead with her to go , insisting I would pay for it , but that just makes her more certain not to .
She does n’t want to be a burden .
And it ’s not just readers of blogs who are writing these .
The New York Times recently wrote a , there was a scathing article entitled “ Insured but Unprotected and Driven Bankrupt by Health Crises . ”
And I just want to read you a couple of excerpts from the comments that came in after this article was published .
A Canadian wrote “ In Canada , when we turn on a tap we expect water , when we flip a switch we expect light , when we get sick we expect health care .
It ’s that simple . ”
And then a doctor wrote “ If we ’re going to be having a discussion about rationing and health care , should n’t we be discussing the rationing that for - profit insurance companies do in order to maximize their own bottom line ? ”
And then finally , from an outraged American , who wrote : “ Let me keep this as simple as I can .
The American people should get the same health care coverage as their elected representatives .
No more , no less .
They work for us , not the over way around . ”
We want , and I ’m gonna end now , we want health care with no barriers to entry .
We want the same health care as Members of Congress have .
This is a fundamental right which must be guaranteed by the government .
How do these members —
I ‘d really like you all to listen — how do these members sleep at night , how do these members who have such generous taxpayer - subsidized health care for themselves and their families sleep at night , knowing the magnitude of human suffering this official inaction has caused countless of millions of Americans year in and year out ?
And I want to end by saying that I ’m appealing to your “ better angels ” .
I ’m asking you to tell the Members you work for that Americans are counting on them not to let us down again .
Thank you .
And now I ’m turning it over to Jane Hamsher , who is going to tell you about how we ’re going to get health care for all Americans , finally .
Thank you .
Jane Hamsher
I was talking with Joel today when we met , we talked a bit about our personal histories , and he said “ Do you feel like you ’re there , right now , involved in this fight ? ”
And I said “ I absolutely do ” .
I ’m a sixteen year breast cancer
survivor .
I just finished my third bout .
I had the first one in ’ 93 , the second one in 2000 , and the third one in 2006 .
I know what it ’s like to try and fight for your life with everything that you have , and get the calls from the collection agencies .
And get the notices from Blue Cross telling you that the surgeon ’s bills , two surgeon ’s bills , for a sixteen hour surgery , the first of three in 2006 , that “ usual and customary ” is $ 1,200 and I need to pay the difference .
My last bout cost me $ 60,000 , that I have to pay , and I am fully insured .
It is incomprehensible to me , incomprehensible to me , what it must be like to have this disease , and fight with it , fight it with everything you have , and know that the cost of doing that is everything that you and your family have .
I do not understand what that must be like , because that has n’t been my experience , but I know that is the experience of many people .
And I do not understand how Blanche Lincoln and Kay Hagen can get up there , as women , and say that their first priority is to guard the profits of insurance agencies over my health .
I find that offensive .
I have been organizing for four years online and this is it .
This is a game - changing moment .
This is all - in .
Progressive votes have never mattered before in Congress , at least not since I ’ve been working online , because George Bush was in the White House and he could veto it .
But we ’re in a place right now where that ’s changed , because when the Republicans say that they ’re going to vote against something in a block , any forty members in the House can come together and they can say “ We ’re going to stand together and you have to get through us .
Nothing gets passed unless we say it does . ”
Progressive votes matter [ applause ] …
“ Joe Liebermans ” in the House , President Lieberman , President Ben Nelson , President Blanche Lincoln , they all think their one vote is going to determine what the content of this bill is .
If forty Members , forty Democrats stick together and they say “ No , we ’re gonna have a public plan , and it ’s gonna be a good one , ” you know what ?
Seventy - six percent of the country is behind them .
And they ’re saying “ We support you .
We want this .
We do n’t want this bullshit anymore ! ”
Excuse my language , Chairman .
I ’m sure you ’ve never heard anything like that before .
[ laughter ]
So , what do we do ?
Well , as Joel told you , I have a large liberal blog .
We ’ve done a lot of activism in the past .
We came of age covering the Valerie Plame trial , which Chairman Conyers did such valiant work on .
We wound up on the front page of the New York Times for it .
Recently , you may have heard about Marcy Wheeler , one of our bloggers , who went through the Senate Armed Services Committee documents and found out that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had been waterboarded 183 times in one month .
That wound up on the front page of the New York Times .
We have reach .
We have people who care .
Our readers are generally between the ages of 40 and 60 .
The myth that they are 18 - year olds in their pajamas is just not true .
They are , they live in your districts .
We do n’t have a lot of people in Blue Dog districts , we ’ve got tens of thousands of people in San Francisco .
They are professionals , 48 % of them have graduate degrees .
They contribute to the campaigns of your bosses , and yourself , Chairman Conyers .
And they are very , very committed to politics and they follow it very closely .
And you also find out over time that the people who are in online political communities have a lot of health care problems and that ’s why they ’re there all day .
So this issue matters to them and it matters to them a lot .
They will make calls , they will organize , they will show up at your offices .
They will be there for you if you do this .
They will be there and they will support you , and they will make you the heroes in a game - changing bid to remake this country into the country that we all want it to be , where the right to access to basic health care is a basic human right .
So , I will do that .
I believe the press is taking President Lieberman and President Lincoln a lot more seriously than they are taking the members of the House who have said … that they ’re not going to vote for anything that does n’t have a public plan .
Well , how do we do that ?
We want to take videos , we want to get your bosses on video .
I ’m saying this is what we ’re gonna do .
We want to put them together , and we want to have this public statement out there online , and we want to make them heroes .
Yesterday , when all the representatives , Raul Grijalva , said sorry , no triggers , the cheers went up online like nothing I ’ve ever seen .
Cause all we get , all day long , out of the news is how “ Well , we ’re sorry , because we ca n’t afford this . ”
We ’ve just paid $ 2 trillion to the banks who screwed
up our financial system .
We pay $ 100 billion dollars to bail out the European banks .
But we ca n’t afford basic health care for our own people ?
That ’s offensive to people and they ’re willing to take action .
They ’re looking to you , your bosses , the Members of Congress , to Chairman Conyers , the committees that are going to be doing this , and they ’re saying “ We want you to help us .
We want you to inspire us .
We were there for you , we listened to you , and we ’re tired of hearing about Kent Conrad and his co-op plan .
We do n’t want Kent Conrad and his co-op plan .
We want real health care and we want it today . ” [ applause ]
So , what are we doing ?
Well , when we got information from the health committee that Kay Hagen was going to be the big obstacle , I contacted local bloggers in North Carolina that I know , and we also contacted breast cancer survivors in North Carolina .
And we contacted a diverse crowd of breast cancer survivors , because African - American women , maybe you know or do n’t know , are twice as likely to die as young women from breast cancer and they are five times as likely to get delays in receiving treatment .
So we put these women together and we put those faces together , and we put their names together , and we put their stories online , and we said “ Stand with the women of North Carolina . ”
And then today those women took those petitions down to Senator Hagen ’s office and there were three tv camera crews waiting for them .
[ applause ] … Senator Hagen changed her position [ applause ] …
So that ’s the kind of thing that we can do .
We can help you , if you get us information , if you let us know what ’s going on .
We are very good at keeping your confidences .
And the bottom line is we do n’t need publicity , we do n’t want to be the one ’s who are responsible for doing this .
We want to make your bosses look good .
We want to make them the progressive heroes that we all know that they can be .
We want to spread the word that they ’re gonna hold the line , that they are going to be the ones that are writing this bill , and that the American people are [ there ] for them .
And so thank you so much for having me today .
We really , really appreciate you being open to our community , and our message , and for working with us , because I know a lot of people are sometimes nervous about working with the blogs .
We want to show you that we are your constituents , that we really care about your leadership on this , and we ’re willing to support you with everything we have .
[ Applause ]
Q & A
At the beginning of the question and answer session , Rep. Conyers observed that “ this legislative activity is turning into a movement … ”
… and when this becomes a movement , then that becomes irresistible .
See a legislative bill , several hundred bills floating around the House and the Senate , and everybody ’s trying to get somebody in on it .
And people are endorsing and people are signing up .
But when you deal with a movement , that ’s a different ballgame . …
And what is so
And would we then have the health care reform we seek ?
“ Automatically , ” said Rep. Conyers .
Rep .
Conyers then had a question he asked the audience to consider .
Why is it that people quietly take so much crap when they do n’t have to ?
I mean , after all , most of these Members are not overwhelmingly elected .
Many of them just barely get elected .
And many of them may not be doing enough to warrant staying in office either .
And yet , you get this hang dog , mentally defeated psychology “ They are powerful people , forces , that control it , and nothing we can do about it .
…
And I ’m trying to examine what it is that makes people in this system , where with any brief examination of history , domestic or international , you do n’t get anything without struggle .
What did Frederick Douglass tell us , over a hundred years ago ?
Without a struggle people are n’t giving up anything .
Why should the health insurance companies that reap boundless millions if not billions of dollars in annual profit , and then all the other for - profit corporations in the health industry , why should they stop making money if people do n’t have the energy and will … to do something about it ?
A woman in the audience offered one answer .
Well , one of the reasons , I can tell you , is I ’m an uninsured angry American , and when you lose your health insurance at first you are scared to death , and you ’re immobilized , and I got over it and I opened my mouth .
Rep .
Conyers asked the audience to give her a round of applause .
… because she ’s breaking out of this hopeless , despondent , inferior attitude that the health care industry tries to put on people who do n’t have the right insurance , the right policy , or they have the wrong health problem that they do n’t want to have to pay for .
Eve Gittelson then posed a question of her own .
Chairman Conyers , will you consider having a hearing here … where you would invite , you and your colleagues … would invite American citizens to come here and describe what it ’s like , as I started to outline , what it ’s like to live without access to health care , to have insurance that is insurance in name only ?
And if you would agree to that , we , Jane and myself , can provide you with hundreds , maybe thousands of Americans who would line up out this door , down the stairway , out in front of this building , and let the world see that in the richest country on the planet , in the year 2009 , American citizens are without access to health care , but there is one person in the United States Congress who wants to hear their stories , and that ’s Chairman Conyers .
[ applause ]
After inviting those in the room to signify their support for the motion by saying ‘ aye , ’ Rep .
Conyers went on to say
Let ’s talk about that .
How can we go about doing that ?
Well , I ’ll tell you what , we ’ll pick a date , we ’ve got hearing rooms , we might get to use the Judiciary Committee hearing room , 2141 , which is even bigger , and is set up to record and televise this , so that it can go out .
I ’ll bet you there are some television networks that would love to participate in that sort of event .
And you know what , with the August recess coming , that might be a great time , when things are down here , cause we ’re gonna be really busy between now and the end of this month …
And then Rep. Conyers began discussing with his staff who in his office might be delegated to work on this project , what sort of an informal committee might be assembled to guide the effort , what sort of organizational support might be available , perhaps from the unions that have already been so supportive , and how his database of individuals and his website might be used to reach out to people and provide them with means of getting more information .
When a movement , Conyers said finally , “ like the civil rights movement , begins to grow , pretty soon you begin to find out things are happening all over .
…
We ’ve gotta believe .
We have to be ready to demand it .
Get out there and fight for [ it ] . …
That ’s the way the country was formed . ”
Tags : Eve Gittelson , health care , insurance , Jane Hamsher , John Conyers , legislation , nyceve , reform , U. S. House
[ digg- reddit- me ]
In most industries , when a customer pays for something – and then asks to get what they paid for – it ’s not considered a big deal .
It ’s the basic transaction that the business engages in .
The health insurance industry works differently .
You make regular payments so that the insurance company will pay your irregular medical bills and so that they will protect against the possibility that you will be one of the unlucky few who has some serious condition which requires extensive medical treatment .
Most people are n’t – and so they just give over money regularly and receive very little in return .
But a few people end up needing serious medical care .
That ’s the purpose of insurance – to distribute the risks and costs more evenly .
This is what it was designed to do – this is why people buy it – it is what they are paying for .
But the health insurance industry sees their role differently .
They ’re in it to make as much money as possible – not to provide a service for a fee and make a profit from this .
Thus , when anyone who has duly paid for health insurance for years makes a claim for a condition that requires serious and expensive medical treatment , they try to find every possible basis to deny and revoke their coverage .
It would be as if – after I had paid for a soda – the store then tried to deny me the right to open the soda and leave the store .
Obama ’s attempt to reform health care is partly about reforming the way we provide care ( with electronic records , comparative effectiveness studies , etc. ) – but it is mainly the way in which we provide health care insurance .
In this fight , there is one statistic we have not heard enough about but which critics of the current system should bring up whenever they can : the medical loss ratio .
This statistic describes the percentage of dollars that a health insurance company takes in from its premiums that it uses to actually pay for medical services .
For example , back in the 1990s – when the health care insurance industry was quite profitable – the figure was generally in the mid-90s .
In other words , about 95 % of all dollars collected in premiums were used to pay for medical services .
Since then , structural changes in the health insurance industry have led it to focus more on profits – as a Wall Street mentality took hold .
Since the 1990s , the medical loss ratio has dropped significantly .
Today it is in the mid 70s to low 80s – meaning $ 20 to $ 30 of every $ 100 paid in insurance premiums is not used to provide the services paid for .
These profits – and the quest to increase such profits – has led to the health insurance industry becoming more like a Wall Street financial firm – with massive bonuses to its top executives and large dividends to shareholders as they skim greater profits from a rising bubble in the field in which it operates in .
Our health insurance system is run by Wall Street tycoons .
How does this affect the quality of the service that health insurance companies provide ?
It forces them to reduce their medical loss ratio as much as possible .
Wendell Potter , a former executive at CIGNA , explains several ways :
Rescission is one thing .
Denying claims is another .
Being , you know , really careful as they review claims , particularly for things like liver transplants , to make sure , from their point of view , that it really is medically necessary and not experimental .
That ’s one thing .
And that was that issue in the Nataline Sarkisyan case .
But another way is to purge employer accounts , that – if a small business has an employee , for example , who suddenly has have a lot of treatment , or is in an accident .
And medical bills are piling up , and this employee is filing claims with the insurance company .
That ’ll be noticed by the insurance company .
And when that business is up for renewal , and it typically is up , once a year , up for renewal , the underwriters will look at that .
And they ’ll say , “ We need to jack up the rates here , because the experience was , ” when I say experience , the claim experience , the number of claims filed was more than we anticipated .
So we need to jack up the price .
Jack up the premiums .
Often they ’ll do this , knowing that the employer will have no alternative but to leave .
And that happens all the time .
They ’ll resort to things like the rescissions that we saw earlier .
Or dumping , actually dumping employer groups from the rolls .
So the more of my premium that goes to my health claims , pays for my medical coverage , the less money the company makes .
The health insurance industry uses any possible reason to revoke coverage that an individual has been paying for as soon as they actually need the service they have paid for – for example , they will point to some minor preexisting condition that was not disclosed when they agreed to provide the insurance as an excuse to cancel coverage .
Robin Beaton of Texas had her policy revoked as her doctors were scheduling her double mastectomy for her breast cancer because she had failed to disclose to her insurance company that she had the pre existing condition of acne and a rapid heartbeat .
So – essentially , these organizations accept contracts to provide health insurance in the event someone needs it .
But as soon as a significant claim is made , they try to find a reason to deny it .
And the executives at these companies have refused to say that they will not continue these practices .
Our system of health insurance has created a Wall Street - run health care business .
For all the worry Republicans are trying to gin up about government bureaucrats reporting to Congress or the White House being in between you and your doctor – what we have now is a system where faceless corporate bureaucrats are making medical decisions reporting to Wall Street tycoons .
Like the Wall Street firms , health insurance companies have driven up prices exponentially , creating a bubble ; the CEOs take enormous salaries ; they are accepting money for insurance from anyone , but will look for any way out of any of their commitments if they can get away with it .
In normal businesses , profits are the primary side - effect of providing a product or service ; in a Wall Street style corporation , profits are the sole and only goal – with the product or service they are selling merely a means to this end .
This is what our health insurance industry has become .
This is the royally fucked system we have today .
This is n’t the only issue health care reform needs to address – but it is a major one .
Related articles on 2parse
[ Image by MacRonin47 licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
BECAUSE they are both strong and lightweight , composite materials made from carbon fibres are the darlings of engineers in the aerospace industry .
Unfortunately , such materials deteriorate over time .
Wind and rain attack the glue that sticks the layers of carbon fibres together .
As a consequence , the layers peel away from one another .
Many people have tried to solve this problem , without success .
A new method aims to do so by stitching the carbon - fibre layers together .
Brian Wardle of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and his colleagues noted that past attempts to reinforce composite materials , by sewing the layers together as well as gluing them , often ended up damaging the fibres because the metal needles and threads were so thick .
Although the sewing did help the composite stay together , its strength was diminished .
Dr Wardle reasoned that if a needle and thread could be made thin enough , such damage could be eliminated .
Carbon nanotubes , which are just billionths of a metre across , seemed the perfect needle .
Because these tubes are a thousandth of the diameter of carbon fibres , they can slip into the microscopic spaces between them .
Finding a thread for the nanoscopic needle to pull required more thinking .
Dr Wardle and his colleagues started exploring the interactions between carbon nanotubes and polymer glues .
They discovered that when the nanotubes were just touching the glue , they sucked it up by capillary action , the same physical mechanism by which plants draw water from the soil .
Because the nanotubes drew glue into themselves , they could be used as both needles and threads .
The team placed polymer glue between two carbon - fibre layers and heated it .
They then placed tens of trillions of nanotubes on each of the carbon - fibre layers such that the tubes could just touch the glue .
When the glue was hot and runny , the carbon nanotubes sucked it up through the carbon - fibre layers .
The layers were then pressed together and the glue was allowed to cool , before the material was tested for strength and toughness .
Dr Wardle and his colleagues found that the technique would make aerospace parts ten times stronger than at present .
The nanotubes themselves are cheap and , as a happy coincidence , having them run perpendicular to the carbon - fibre layers makes the composite over a million times more electrically conductive than it otherwise would be .
That means aeroplanes built with such materials would be able to disperse lightning strikes rapidly , avoiding electrical damage during storms as well as being better protected against whatever wind and rain can throw at them .
The Hidden Consensus
Reading Genesis 3 Literally
What is the literary mode of the Bible 's account of Creation and Eden ?
Is it literal or figurative ?
And if it is figurative , to what degree is it figurative ?
Evidence tells us that in the early Christian Church , most theologians and leaders believed that the Creation account was at least partially , if not wholly symbolic .
Many modern Christians , however , especially in America , say that this account must be read literally .
They feel it is dangerous to treat portions of the Bible metaphorically when they are not explicitly stated to be metaphorical .
But here 's the rub .
Even those who say we should read these chapters literally do not , themselves , read them literally .
My claim is this :
No Christian actually interprets these passages in a strictly literal manner ,
and this should be both acknowledged and applauded .
Take a look at Genesis 3 , where mankind fell from communion with God and was expelled from Eden .
Genesis 3:1
Now the serpent was more crafty than any other beast of the field that the Lord God had made .
He said to the woman , " Did God actually say , ' You shall not eat of any tree in the garden ' ? "
What is the strictly literal interpretation ?
The strictly literal interpretation is that the deceiving serpent was actually an animal -- the Bible plainly says that the talking serpent was one of the beasts of the field that God created .
The literal interpretation does n't at all point to the serpent being an angel in disguise , let alone Satan .
The figurative interpretation , however , is that the talking serpent represents Satan , and this is the interpretation explicitly endorsed by Scripture .
In Revelation 20 , we 're told that Satan himself is the " ancient serpent . "
Some so - called literalists attempt to reconcile this apparent conflict by saying that the serpent was possessed by Satan .
But that 's not a literal reading -- Scripture says that that the serpent was crafty among beasts of the field .
It does not say that Satan was crafty , and thus disguised himself as a serpent .
Nothing in Scripture tells us that Satan himself ever inhabited the body of an actual animal ; the " snake - possession " interpretation is the invention of certain Christians , not God 's Word .
Now , I hope you are n't emotionally troubled at this point .
There 's no reason to hesitate from reading the Bible as intended , even if it does n't jive with the " traditions of men " we 're accustomed to .
Let 's continue .
The symbolism becomes even clearer when we take a look at God 's curse upon the serpent : Genesis 3:14
The Lord God said to the serpent ,
" Because you have done this ,
cursed are you above all livestock
and above all beasts of the field ;
on your belly you shall go ,
and dust you shall eat
all the days of your life .
What is the strictly literal interpretation ?
The strictly literal interpretation has God cursing the serpent above all livestock and beasts of the field .
It is a curse upon an animal , devaluing it in relation to other animals .
In fact , the literal interpretation is the story of " why the snake crawls about on its belly , " a divine punishment upon this " crafty animal " for deceiving mankind .
The figurative interpretation is that God cursed Satan for his deception , devaluing him beneath all of God 's creatures and crippling him .
The snake losing his legs is an elegant allegorical tale , symbolic of this underlying reality .
The curse continues : Genesis 3:15
I will put enmity between you and the woman ,
and between your offspring and her offspring ;
he shall crush your head ,
and you shall bruise his heel . "
What is the strictly literal interpretation ?
The strictly literal interpretation is the promise that snakes will nip at people 's heels , and that people will crush snakes ' heads .
But throughout Christian history , this promise has been universally interpreted as symbolic prophecy .
Satan will " nip at the heel " of Eve 's offspring , but Eve 's offspring will " crush his head . "
And who is Eve 's prophetic offspring ?
Christ Himself , according to the common Protestant interpretation .
Images
In 230 AD , early Christian theologian Origen Adamantius said , " I believe every man must hold these things for images under which a hidden sense is concealed . "
Compare the strictly literal version with the metaphorical version of Genesis 3 : Literal Mode
Historical , Literal Reality Talking snake Snake deceived mankind Cursed above other animals Condemned to slither Will bruise people 's heels Will be crushed by people Metaphorical Mode
Image Underlying Historical Reality Talking snake Satan Snake deceived mankind Satan deceived mankind Cursed above other animals Cursed above other creatures Condemned to slither Power crippled Will bruise people 's heels
Will attack the Messiah Will be crushed by people The Messiah will triumph Which interpretation makes more sense ?
Which interpretation has the support of Scripture elsewhere ?
Which interpretation has the support of the majority of early Church leaders and theologians ?
The answer to all three is the metaphorical interpretation .
Proposing a Further Consensus
If we all agree that the serpent is metaphorical , why push for literalism elsewhere in the Creation account ?
The story of the serpent is part of a larger apocalyptic ( or , revelatory ) tale -- the story of the beginning .
Thus , a consistent view of this Creation story is consistently metaphorical .
The Creation - Days and their unusual numerology represent something .
The Tree of Life and Tree of Knowledge represent something .
The consumption of the forbidden fruit represents something .
As long as we retain the essentials of the story -- the meaningful images that convey to us God 's goodness , our fault , our dilemma , and our hope -- there 's no reason to resist reading Creation metaphorically , and every reason to embrace what it appears was intended .
( c ) 2009 The Truth Problem .
[ Update : Initially I deleted this answer because I spotted it was already mentioned in the question .
However I think it would be good for it to see votes so I have checked the Community Wiki box to prevent people from thinking I 'm trying to game the system ]
Apps from http://portableapps.com/ like Portable Firefox leave no trace on the system you run them on .
Also the PortableApps app itself makes using them a piece of cake .
After federal border agents detained several Mexican immigrants in western New York in June , an article about the incident in a local newspaper drew an onslaught of vitriolic postings on its Web site .
Some were racist .
Others attacked farmers in the region , an apple - growing area east of Rochester , accusing them of harboring illegal workers .
Still others made personal attacks about the reporter who wrote the article .
Most of the posts were made anonymously .
But in reviewing the logs of its Internet server , the paper , The Wayne County Star in Wolcott , traced three of them to Internet protocol addresses at the Department of Homeland Security , which oversees border protection .
Homeland Security started an investigation into the posts this month , according to the reporter , Louise Hoffman - Broach , and Richard M. Healy , the Wayne County district attorney .
A spokeswoman for the federal agency ’s inspector general said she could neither confirm nor deny an investigation ; department rules prohibit the use of office equipment for the personal transmission of material that could offend fellow employees or the public .
Coming on the eve of the apple harvest season , the Web posts and the investigation  first reported this week on The Star ’s Web site  have ratcheted up longstanding tensions in Wayne County , where farmers and laborers have accused immigration officials of using heavy - handed tactics like racial profiling and arbitrary or unjustified detentions .
Thursday , January 19 , 2017 at 10:25 AM
I 've been thinking a lot about Michelle Obama and this blog in recent weeks .
There is a wonderful retrospective on Mrs. Obama 's fashion influence written by Vanessa Friedman of The New York Times .
It captures the cultural relevance and central themes of Mrs. Obama 's style discussed and debated here over the years – sartorial diplomacy , championing the artisan designer , the high and low democratic mix , clothes that married strength and femininity , clothes that broke norms and created new ones .
From the very beginning , I was intrigued by the tension of these qualities – that in the seemingly superficial , there could be hidden meaning and depth .
When we were n't swooning over the first lady 's ensembles , decoding them all was a thrill .
In this divided world of ours , admiration for Mrs. Obama 's style became a great unifier , evidenced – in part – by the vast , diverse audience of this blog at its peak .
There was something about Mrs. Obama , the clothes she wore and the context of the times that fascinated us all , that captured our attention and held it .
That intrigue and its wide - reaching pull can't be fully explained by the factors above .
This November , President Obama told Vogue , " People see themselves in her .
A dedicated mom , a good friend , and someone who 's not afraid to poke a little fun at herself from time to time . "
I think women see who they want to be in Mrs. Obama .
Her clothes are those of a confident , smart , vibrant , active woman who manages the fine balance of taking care of herself and others – and that has enduring , universal appeal .
In her final speech as first lady , Mrs. Obama told the audience and the American public , " I hope I 've made you proud . "
More than she ’ll ever know .
To the readers , thank you again for your participation and dialogue over the years .
What fun we had !
To the first lady , a million thank - yous for being exactly who you are .
With peace and love , Mrs. T .
For reference :
What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered [ New York Times ]
Michelle Obama did n't like to discuss her clothes , but they spoke volumes [ Washington Post ]
A Michelle Obama Blogger Looks Back at 8 Years of FLOTUS Style [ Racked ]
Archived posts by designer [ Mrs O Blog ]
Have you ever thought about how much is the most expensive painting in the world ?
There are many paintings with price tag over USD 1 million but there are paintings which are really expensive with a price starting from USD 100 millions for one painting .
It is very difficult to really appreciate these masterpieces of world painting – almost all authors of the most expensive paintings ever sold have passed away and wo n’t be able to create something like this ever .
And because of this the price of these paintings simply raise with time .
So , we represent to your attention the collection of TOP 10 most expensive paintings in the world .
The history of art is long and extraordinary , ranging from classic to contemporary .
The world knows many of the great masters such as Van Gogh and Picasso .
The works of the greats continue to come up for auction every few years and set new records each time .
With the demand for private ownership of classic art continuing to go up by leaps and bounds , the greatest paintings continue to reach stratospheric valuations whenever they change hands .
Here are the top 10 most expensive paintings in the world .
And alongside with this list we strongly recommend you to check our other list Top 10 Most Expensive Cars in the World and Top 10 Most Expensive Wrist Watches in the World .
10 . No. 5 , 1948 , Jackson Pollock – $ 140,000,000
A drip picture , the no : 5 , 1948 went for USD 140 million when it was sold by David Geffen to David Martinez in the year 2006 .
An artwork done on an 8 by 5 feet fibreboard , this piece embodies the unique dripping technique used by Pollock , one of the greatest painters in the abstract expressionist style .
It is a typical Pollock piece , not very accessible in a mainstream way but seminal to the evolution of modern art .
Pollock has been dubbed Jack the Dripper because of his unique painting technique in which after placing the canvas on the floor , he used to apply paint by having it drip from sticks , syringes and hard brushes .
9. Masterpiece , Roy Lichtenstein – $ 165,000,000
Roy Lichtenstein is among the pioneers of the pop art culture that deflated the macho mystique image of American art and produced something that was more realistic and relatable .
His best - known work - the Masterpiece ( 1962 ) features some classic elements of pop art like Ben - Day dots and speech balloons set in a comic - strip narrative .
The painting was a part of Lichtenstein ’s first exhibition at the Ferus Gallery , Los Angeles , featuring other works like the Drowning Girl and the Portrait of Madame Cezanne .
Now , some critics have dismissed The Masterpiece as just another glossed - up and glamorous piece , others believe that the painting has some deeper meaning attached to it .
And that is what we are going to look into here .
Masterpiece depicts a man ( possibly the artist ) and a blonde woman , looking at a canvas , the content which is not visible to the viewer .
A speech bubble ensuing from her mouth shows that she is praising the “ masterpiece ” in question , even calling it something that would get “ all of New York excited ” .
This artist - man Brad features in several other works of Lichtenstein ( who believes the name is clichéd and heroic enough to be the perfect protagonist of Pop Art ) .
Masterpiece is regarded as a tongue - in - cheek joke that reflects Lichtenstein ’s artistic career .
The stoic , solemn way Brad agrees to the blonde woman can also be seen as a satirical commentary on the “ hot young artist ” who ’s known more for his looks and less for his work .
8. Nu Couche , Amedeo Modigliani – $ 170,400,000
Nu Couché , aka the Red Nude or the Reclining Nude , is a 1917 oil - on - canvas painting by the Italian Painter Amedeo Modigliani .
Often considered to be the painter ’s magnum opus , the Nu Couché is a seamless fusion of classical idealism and modern - day sensuality .
The picture of the naked woman lying on the couch looks erotically realistic yet has a surreal , almost sublime beauty that catches the viewer off - guard .
There is nothing crass or vulgar about this “ column of tenderness ” ( the woman as described by Modigliani ) .
Instead , she comes across as a sensual , aroused woman in her prime who is not afraid to give and demand physical pleasure .
The painting , though inspired by the Italian Renaissance depictions of Venus and other female figures , has a modern twist to it .
Unlike the depictions of classical artworks , where the nudity is not used as a metaphor or an allegory to establish the purity of the woman .
Nu Couché highlights the nakedness of the female ; her entire body is featured up - close from above and spans the entire canvas ( only her hands and feet are not in the frame ) .
The expanse of creamy skin glowing under the soft light is in stark contrast with the crimson couch that further adds to the lady ’s allure .
The Nu Couché neither glorifies the female body nor belittles it – it simply presents it the way it is – caught up in the throes of passion - provocative , unapologetically bold , and carnal .
7. Les Femmes d’Alger ( Version O ) , Picasso – $ 179,400,000
In the year 2015 , the master ’s Les Femmes d’Alger Version O sold for USD 179.4 million to set a then world record for the most expensive painting ever sold at an auction .
This painting is the culmination of a series of 15 works on Women of Algiers completed by Picasso , inspired by the 19th century Spanish great Eugene Delacroix .
This work perfectly exhibits Picasso ’s tendency to produce work that is of vintage style , yet remaining completely fresh in approach and presentation .
Equal parts kitsch , postmodern and classic , this piece is considered to be the most important Picasso in the hands of a private owner today .
This brilliant canvas boats vibrant colours and had been created by Picasso in 1955 as the final work in series of 15 variations .
This series was also conceived as an elegy to Picasso ’s friend and rival Matisse who had passed away in 1954 .
With its play off cubism and bringing together of all of Picasso ’s lifelong passions , this is truly a milestone in Picasso ’s repertoire .
It has been featured in Picasso ’s retrospectives the world over .
6. No:6 ( Violet , Green and Red ) , Mark Rothko – $ 186,000,000
Mark Rothko was a Russian born American painter and a pioneer of abstract expressionism .
Rothko’s style is characterized by the use of large canvases and horizontal bands of bright colours .
Violet Green
Red is ambiguously named to allow viewers to form their own impressions .
Here , Rothko uses a spartan palette with the darkest shades at the top , symbolizing the depression that plagued him .
The use of vivid colours in a simple pattern exemplifies Rothko ’s signature style of conveying an intimate message without the use of subjects .
This piece was bought for USD 186 million by the Russian businessman Dmitry Rybolovlev from the Swiss art dealer Yves Bouvier in the year 2014 .
While the purchase has subsequently got embroiled in legal disputes , this piece still remains one of the expensive pieces of art in the world .
5. No. 17A , 1948 , Jackson Pollock – $ 200,000,000
Abstract expressionism was a post - WWII art movement that emphasizes on the subconscious and spontaneous creation .
Jackson Pollock ’s artwork belonged to this school of painting - his dripping paint technique has its roots in the work of André Masson and Max Ernst etc .
This piece of abstract work was created sometime in 1948 and was featured in the 1947 Life magazine article that made the painting a household name .
Done on fibreboard canvas using just oil paints , Number 17A looks like a messy mirage of patterns and colors .
However , a closer look highlights several layers to the painting that were lost on the viewer at a glance .
The name Number 17A is pretty formal and lacks creativity or uniqueness .
Pollock intentionally deviates from naming his artwork as something fancy - this only shuns light on the radically unique nature of the painting .
The random patterns do n’t appear so vague once you observe it up - close .
In fact , Pollock ’s precise movement and artistic control can be tracked in the way the oil - dripping painting is structured .
The title of the painting Number 17A is in stark contrast with its content .
While the name is bland , the patterns depicted in the painting are anything but ordinary .
Critics had very mixed reactions to the painting ; it was met with great public scrutiny and hence not valued much in the art world .
It was only much later in 2016 when the piece was purchased by billionaire art collector Kenneth C. Griffin for approx .
$ 200 million that Number 17A was revived as the fourth most expensive painting ever sold in history .
4. Nafea Faa Ipoipo ( When Will You Marry ? ) , Paul Gauguin – $ 210,000,000
Paul Gaugin ’s 1892 painting is currently the most expensive painting in the world .
His painting of two Tahitian girls smashed the world record in February 2015 when it was bought by the Qatar museums from a private Swiss collector Rudolf Staechelin for an astounding USD 300 million !
It depicts two women against a natural landscape , one in a native dress and another in a colonial style missionary dress symbolising the fusion of Polynesian and European cultures .
This painting was completed by Gauguin at around 43 when he had gone to Tahiti to escape all that was conventional and artificial in Europe .
This painting had been on loan with the Basel Art Museum for over 60 years before being withdrawn from display by the seller and sold .
Seemingly unimpressive , this artwork illustrates the authenticity of a rooted culture in a bygone era .
3. The Card Players , Paul Cezanne – $ 250,000,000
This painting held the record for the most expensive one in the world before the sale of When Will You Marry in 2015 .
The Card Players had been bought by the Qatari royal family from the Greek shipping magnate George Embiricos for a whopping USD 274 million in the year 2011 .
This painting is one of those classic images that you surely would not fail to recognize .
It is an image that has been seen in coffee table books , luxury good magazines and art history curricula for many years now .
It makes up one of 5 pieces painted by Cezanne as part of his post impressionist series completed between the early and the mid 1890s .
This iconic image features two stony faced men sitting at a small wooden table playing cards .
The painting style and the use of pastels is classic Cezanne with the subtle expressions on the faces beautifully conveying two players completely immersed in the game .
A bottle of wine placed on the table adds to the impressive , yet subtle detailing .
It may interest you to know that the two models used for the painting were Cezanne ’s gardener and farmhand at his family estate !
2. Interchange , Willem de Kooning – $ 300,000,000
Interchange or Interchanged is an oil - canvas painting by the Dutch - American painter William de Kooning who belonged to the school of abstract expressionism .
The painting was the first of Kooning ’s abstract landscapes that were completed in 1955 and was influenced by Franz Kline ’s artistic style .
Kooning spends the better part of his career studying and reworking the abstract female figures .
It was only later that he deviated from painting human forms and ventured into replicating abstract images of his surroundings in downtown New York .
The interchange was created at a time when both the private sphere of the artist and the art community at large was undergoing a gradual but massive change .
De Kooning was financially stable and had the opportunity to make new choices – both professionally and personally .
He thus moves away from his spontaneous wild paintings to a more stable , sober and tamed landscape pieces .
Like any abstract work of art , even Interchange appears to be vague and nonsensical at a glance .
A closer observation reveals several layers to the painting .
It symbolizes the transition that Kooning ’s life was undergoing at that time .
It took over 11 years for the change to completely manifest itself creatively ; the Interchange was just the first of the many landscape portraits that followed .
The Kooning who was known for violently attacking his canvases and vibrant colors was tamed to a gentler yet intuitive style .
This aesthetic and textural shift that Kooning underwent in the mid-1950s also forms the foundation of surrealism that would later take the 21st century by storm .
1. Salvator Mundi , attributed to Leonardo da Vinci – $ 450,300,000
Salvator Mundi or Saviour of the World was supposedly painted by Leonardo da Vinci ( many critics believe otherwise ) .
The painting presents Jesus Christ dressed in Renaissance garbs and bestowing benediction , his right hand raised with two fingers crossed while holding a crystal ball in his left hand .
The glass globe in his hand symbolizes crystalline spheres of the heavens – Christ is shown to be the savior of the world and the master of the cosmos .
Leonardo was a Roman Catholic but still deviates from the traditional images of the brass / golden globes with a crucifix to the crystal sphere .
Some claim that it was a conscious attempt on his part to tie the physical and spiritual worlds together .
Art enthusiasts claim that there are 20 different variants of the artwork , the original painting being lost .
One such copy was recently restored and rediscovered to be the original work of da Vinci by many leading scholars .
The argument that they present it that the golden hair ringlets , the knot - work crossing store , and the two fingers raised to bless mankind are all classic da Vinci and not found in the other copies of Salvator Mundi .
Salvator Mundi has a rags - to - riches story that ’s quite fascinating .
The present owners of the painting acquired the piece is a very bad shape – the wooden panel was split into two and the canvas was reportedly repainted to hide the botched repair work !
However , all said and done , Salvatore Mundi is notably the last of Leonardo ’s works and hence very highly valued in the art community .
The Spotted Horses is believed to be created by female hands
For thousands of years , these artworks have been credited as the genius of cave men .
Scientists believed these artistic visions were dreamed up and executed by male hands .
But after more than 25,000 years , the results of a recent study have indicated prehistoric female artists also helped to create the famous ‘ Spotted Horses ’ cave mural and various others .
After re-analysing the hand stencils inside the Pech Marle and Gargas caves in France , Professor Dean Snow from Pennsylvania State University said that ‘ even a superficial examination of published photos suggested to me that there were lots of female hands there ’.
Male hands are clearly larger in size , however smaller prints could have been made by adult females or younger males or females .
Professor
Snow used digit ratios to try and determine who made the smaller prints .
‘ The very long ring finger … is a dead giveaway for male hands .
A long index finger and a short pinky is very feminine , ’ he told National Geographic .
The hand stencils were probably made using two techniques .
Some individuals may have held their hands against the rock surface while holding a pigment filled tube in the other and blowing through the tube to spray the pigment .
Others may have spat the pigment directly from the mouth through pursed lips .
After years believing these stencils were male , further examination has proven women were involved too
Professor Snow studied the hand marks in the French caves and in the El Castillo cave in Spain .
Professor Dean
Snow also investigated art in the Gargas cave
Using modern hands he compared proportions and assessed the handprints in the artwork .
‘ I had access to lots of people of European descent who were willing to let me scan their hands as reference data , ’ he said .
Recent research has shown the European gene pool until very recently has been largely of Upper Palaeolithic origin , and therefore modern Europeans should have similar hand sizes to their ancestors .
The discovery could mean the female role of this period was much greater
His findings suggest the woman ’s role in prehistoric society was much greater than previously thought .
‘ We do n’t know what the role of artists were in the Upper Paleolithic society ( roughly 20,000 to 40,000 years ago ) generally , but it is a step forward to be able to say that a strong majority of them were women , ’ he said .
Via Daily Mail
Due to an unlikely confluence of world energy trends , my interest in engineering , and the internet , lots of people ask me how they can get my job as a renewable energy engineer .
Most of them do n't want my job literally , but they do want to work on the engineering side of renewable energy .
I generally do n't mind answering that kind of question , but I 'm busy enough that I thought it would be worthwhile to summarize my answers to the basic questions .
I realize that this will probably make more people email me rather than fewer , but at least we 'll be able to skip the first few questions ; the efficiency of the world should be slightly higher .
What do I do first ?
Try as hard as you can to perform engineering immediately .
If you can get an internship or an entry - level job , do it now .
Your employer will wish that you had waited until you had more skills , but that 's their problem , not yours .
Do not wait until you have completed engineering school -- you might hate engineering , and school is expensive in time and money .
People hate engineering ?
Yes , they do .
Engineering is the impossible job , never completed , too complex to understand in full , always held up by details , perverted by marketing , unending in unexpected wrinkles .
Years later , you realize your approach was wrong .
Plus , it 's boring .
You should assume that engineering is not the right job for you .
You have to be indoors almost all of the time .
You must sit at a desk and use a computer most of the day .
Most of the results of your labor will be thrown away or , if you 're lucky , recycled for the next design .
You will be asked to resend spreadsheets to people who will not understand them .
If you are n't truly obsessed with solving hard problems , it 's not for you .
If you cannot artificially sustain your interest in dry topics , it 's not for you .
Yeah , yeah .
What if I can't get a job right away ?
There are two second - tier classes of tasks : figuring out whether engineering will satisfy you and learning basic engineering skills .
If you pay attention , you can figure out whether engineering satisfies you as you develop your skills .
If you want to be a mechanical engineer , you have to learn a CAD program like Solidworks .
It is extremely likely that your first job will involve a lot of Solidworks .
You might end up using Proengineer or Catia rather than Solidworks , but most renewable energy companies are startups , so Solidworks , the cheapest of the lot , is most common .
If you 're well - suited for mechanical engineering , you 're probably already building stuff in your basement or garage or living room ; model your next project in CAD before you build it .
If you 're leaning more toward electrical engineering , you have to learn to lay out circuit boards .
The most common software packages for PCB layout among startups are , I think , Eagle and Altium Designer ( formerly known as Protel ) .
Eagle is popular because the free version is legal , but Altium Designer is more powerful and pleasant to use .
Lay out a simple PCB and send it to AP Circuits for fabrication .
For $ 50 - 100 , you 'll have your first set of PCBs .
What else do I need to learn ?
Even if you want to be a mechanical engineer , you have to learn the basics of electronics .
Read chapters 1 - 4 and 6 of Electronic Circuits and Applications by Senturia and Wedlock , even though it's from 1975 ( thanks to Max Davis for the recommendation ) .
Other people will recommend The Art of Electronics by Horowitz and Hill ; I think Senturia and Wedlock is much clearer .
If you can take a class where you get to use a soldering iron , that 's a great step , before or after reading about the topic .
You also have to learn some kind of computer programming .
The languages you might learn include : C , C++ , Java , C# , Python , PHP , Javascript , Perl , and Ruby .
I 'd start with Python or Ruby , especially if you have no programming experience .
If you have any interest in embedded electronics , like the brains in battlebots , you need to learn C .
If you hate or fear computers , learning to use LabView is probably your best bet .
You should also learn how the internet works .
Reading the chapter 1 of Richard Stevens ' TCP / IP Illustrated , Volume 1 , is a good start .
If that goes well , read chapters 2 - 4 , 9 , 11 , 14 , and 17 , plus the Wikipedia page on HTTP .
I 'd also recommend reading C. J. Date 's Database in Depth .
If you make it halfway through , you 're ahead of most database programmers .
That sounds like a lot of work .
No , it does n't .
That sounds like what you want to do with your spare time anyway .
If you do n't want to learn this stuff , go do something else .
There is a lot of work in the world that needs to be done ; engineering is only the optimal solution if you 're obsessed with engineering or bad at optimization .
We need good dentists , scientists , nurses , welders , luthiers , lawyers , and cheesemakers as well .
Especially the cheesemakers .
But what about engineering school ?
You must go to engineering school .
It will take 1 - 5 years , depending on your background and what school you go to .
There is a very slight chance that you can gain enough proficiency in engineering to make it without engineering school , but it 's much more likely that you wo n't have the skill or discipline to teach yourself engineering faster and more cheaply than engineering school would .
You can probably learn basic mechanics of materials or some math on your own , but learning advanced topics on your own is painful and slow .
For renewable energy , make sure you pay attention during thermodynamics and heat transfer .
You need to take a statistics course as well .
No , you should not get a PhD .
Wait , you 've barely mentioned renewable energy .
Renewable energy engineering is a broad field .
The major skill you need is the ability to understand the physical principles that drive complex systems .
For example , when someone says to you on the street , " I have a remarkable new device that will allow this skyscraper to capture all the energy it needs from the wind or sun , " you listen politely .
You do not need to know the details of the geometry of their vertical axis wind turbine or their solar concentrating lens because you know that the power density of wind and solar energy flows is 100 - 1000 times less than the power density of a skyscraper .
When they have stopped talking , you ask them what power density they expect to reach .
They stare at you blankly , and you can continue on your way , certain that you have not missed an opportunity .
Even when you are not turning down equity opportunities on the street , you should expect your engineering to run in a pattern that starts with the application of broad principles .
Once you have an approach that can work in theory , you develop the details .
Beyond a broad engineering education , you need to learn the basics of solar , wind , and biofuels , plus or minus whatever you 're interested in .
I 'd start with Vaclav Smil 's books :
Then I 'd read in the subject areas .
Solar : Applied Photovoltaics by Wenham , Green , et al .
Wind : Wind Turbines by Erich Hau is outstanding .
Biofuels : Ahindra Nag 's book is at least decent .
So I just read books for years ?
No .
As I said at the outset , most important is that you start engineering right away .
Build something today , and measure whether its performance is in accordance with theory .
The renewable energy field is rife with crackpots ; we need well - educated engineers to solve our worsening energy problems .
Get to work , now .
Gwibber 2.0 , next major release of the popular desktop microblogging application for Gnome , will boast many new features , support for more services and sport a newly redesigned interface .
Improved first - run set up “ wizard ”
Support for FriendFeed and Facebook Streams API
Multiline input textbox
Separation of replies and messages
Support for viewing individual streams
Option to limit number of messages displayed in stream ( i.e. Adding a “ More ” button )
Built in search box
Message sending filter based on the UI view
Public timeline support for Twitter , Identi.ca and Friendfeed
On the cards for future versions is a QT interface , allowing Gwibber to cross platforms from Linux to Windows and OS X !
Also planned for future versions are : -
TweetDeck - style multi-column UI
Contact lists and message filtering
Geolocation and mapping support
Integrate GrabberSnap for social imaging ( Uploading to Twitpic , etc )
Tracking of unread messages
Gwibber 2.0 is still currently in development but ( if finished on time ) may possibly be shipping as a default application in Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) .
Ubuntu plan to fully integrate Gwibber into Karmic Koala and have even dubbed the next release with an unofficial slogan : “ Social right from the start ” .
SpaceX launched a Malaysian satellite into orbit late Monday night , the second successful launch for the private space exploration company , which aims to cut the cost of orbital transport tenfold .
After a series of costly failures , SpaceX had its first successful launch last September , but that mission carried a dummy payload .
Before that breakthrough , the company lost a Malaysian satellite deployment system along with the ashes of actor James Doohan , who played Scotty on Star Trek , and an inexpensive NASA satellite .
This time , the Falcon 1 rocket carried RazakSAT , a lightweight Malaysian satellite .
It was built by ATSB , an Asian satellite design firm , and carries a high resolution camera that will be used to monitor natural resources .
RazakSAT was launched from Kwajalein Atoll in the South Pacific , and reached orbit roughly ten minutes later .
Satellite launches are a lucrative business , and SpaceX has been profitable since last year , before it had made a single delivery .
The company was founded in 2002 by Elon Musk who also launched PayPal and Tesla .
Later this year , SpaceX will attempt the first launch of its larger Falcon 9 rocket , which may be used to carry cargo to the International Space Station once the shuttle has retired .
See Also :
Image : SpaceX , September launch .
Internet Threatened by Censorship , Secret Surveillance , and Cybersecurity Laws - by Stephen Lendman
At a time of corporate dominated media , a free and open Internet is democracy 's last chance to preserve our First Amendment rights without which all others are threatened .
Activists call it Net Neutrality .
Media scholar Robert McChesney says without it " the Internet would start to look like cable TV ( with a ) handful of massive companies ( controlling ) content " enough to have veto power over what 's allowed and what it costs .
Progressive web sites and writers would be marginalized or suppressed , and content systematically filtered or banned .
Media reform activists have drawn a line in the sand .
Net Neutrality must be defended at all costs .
Preserving a viable , independent , free and open Internet ( and the media overall ) is essential to a functioning democracy , but the forces aligned against it are formidable , daunting , relentless , and reprehensible .
Some past challenges suggest future ones ahead .
Censorship Attempts to Curtail Free Expression
The First Amendment states : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances . "
Nonetheless , Congress and state legislatures have repeatedly tried to censor free speech , allegedly regarded as indecent , obscene , hateful , terrorist - related , or harmful to minors .
However , the Supreme Court , in a number of decisions , ruled that the government may not regulate free expression , only its manner such as when it violates the right to privacy " in an essentially intolerable manner " - a huge hurtle to overcome , including online , because viewers are protected by simply " averting ( one 's ) eyes ( Cohen v. California - 1971 ) . "
In 1998 , the Child Online Protection Act ( COPA ) passed , but was blocked by federal courts as an infringement of free speech and therefore unconstitutional and unenforceable .
In 1999 , the law was struck down at the Appellate Court level , but it stayed on the books .
In 2002 , the Supreme Court reviewed the ruling and returned the case for reconsideration .
It remained blocked .
Then in March 2003 , the Appellate Court again ruled it unconstitutional on the grounds that it would hinder protected adult speech that 's likely what it was about in the first place .
Other litigation followed at the District and Appellate levels until on January 21 , 2009 , the Supreme Court killed COPA by refusing to hear appeals to affirm it .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation put it this way : " After 10 Years , an Infamous Internet - Censorship Act is Finally Dead . "
At least that 's the hope , but censorship attempts never die .
They just reinvent themselves in new forms made all the easier when powerful corporate interests and their congressional allies support them .
In 2000 , the Children 's Internet Protection Act ( CIPA ) became law , and the Supreme Court upheld it - to regulate online content deemed " indecent ( or ) harmful to minors . "
The law requires schools , libraries and other public institutions to install blocking software to prevent minors from having access to it .
In 2006 , the Deleting Online Predators Act ( DOPA ) passed the House but not the Senate .
It also would have mandated schools , libraries and other public institutions to prevent minors from accessing " commercial social networking websites ( and ) chat rooms . "
Its language was broad enough to apply also to sites like Amazon , Yahoo , Wikipedia and others and would have made the FCC a gatekeeper / censor .
As the Protecting Children in the 21st Century Act , the law was reintroduced in the Senate in January 2007 but never passed .
In February 1996 , the Communications Decency Act ( CDA ) was passed - to regulate alleged indecent and obscene online content in violation of the First Amendment .
Under the law , classic fiction would be banned as well as any material deemed offensive .
In June , 1996 , a three - judge federal panel partially struck it down for restricting adult free speech .
In June 1997 , the Supreme Court upheld the lower court ruling in Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union .
The Act was Title V of the 1996 Telecommunications Act titled Broadcast Obscenity and Violence that applied broadcast standards to the Internet .
Under Section 230 , Internet services operators are n't considered publishers and thus have no liability for the words of third parties using their services .
In 2003 , Congress amended CDA by removing struck down indecency provisions .
In 2005 , a three - judge Southern District of New York panel rejected Barbara Nitke 's obscenity provisions CDA challenge ( in Nitke , et al v. Ashcroft ) .
The Supreme Court upheld the decision .
In 2005 , the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act ( VAWDOJRA ) became law - and another blow to online free speech by prohibiting " any device ( like a modem ) or software that can be used to originate ....( anonymous or other ) communications that are transmitted , in whole or in part , by the internet " for the alleged purpose of harassment , even if only vigorous constitutional debate was intended or ordinary free speech .
In October 2007 , the House passed the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism
Act called " the thought crime prevention bill . "
It was introduced in the Senate , referred to the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , but never voted on or passed .
If it ever becomes law in its present form , it will establish a commission and Center for Excellence to study and act against " thought criminals " ( including online ones ) for alleged acts of " violent radicalization ( and ) homegrown terrorism " defined as follows :
-- " violent radicalization ( to mean ) adopting or promoting an extremist belief system ( to facilitate ) ideologically based violence to advance political , religious or social change ; "
-- " homegrown terrorism ( to mean ) the use , planned use , or threatened use , of force or violence by a group or individual born , raised , or based and operating primarily within the United States or any ( US ) possession to intimidate or coerce the ( US ) government , the civilian population .... or any segment thereof ( to further ) political or social objectives . "
In other words , this law , if passed , will criminalize whatever the government wishes to include under the above two categories , including constitutionally protected speech online or elsewhere .
Another ongoing censorship issue involves craigslist - a worldwide online community network featuring classified ads for " jobs , housing , for sale , personals , services , local community , and events . "
On May 5 , South Carolina Attorney ( AG ) General Henry McMaster notified its CEO , Jim Buckmaster , that unless an " erotic services " section is removed in 10 days , " craigslist management may be subject to criminal investigation and prosecution . "
Other AGs in Rhode Island , Illinois , and Connecticut issued similar threats even though all of them are baseless .
Previous courts have held that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act ( CDA ) protects " interactive computer service " providers like craigslist and lets them be self - regulating and free from liability .
The law clearly states that they should n't be responsible for third party content because they did n't do enough to comply with individual State standards that may violate the First Amendment and federal law .
In craigslist 's case , it 's gone way beyond its legal obligations .
In November 2008 , it agreed to technical and policy changes to curb the use of its site for illegal purposes by third parties , including requiring telephone and credit card verification for " erotic services " ads to reject ones deemed illegal .
Earlier , craigslist screened out 90 % of these ads .
Nonetheless , it 's being unfairly targeted by AGs interpreting Section 230 and First Amendment rights as they please .
Federal law , however , protects craigslist , but not against ambitious AGs harassment for their own political advantage and self - interest .
On May 20 , craigslist announced that it filed suit against South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster seeking " declaratory relief and a restraining order with respect to criminal charges he has repeatedly threatened against craigslist and its executives . "
Craigslist is on solid footing .
It 's in full compliance with the law , but McMaster 's persistent threats forced it to sue in federal court .
These and numerous other congressional and other attempts aim to censor protected speech , including online .
Expect more of this ahead , some legislation to be enacted , at times upheld by the courts , and , as a result , our liberties to be chipped away incrementally and lost - unless a line in the sand is drawn and defended by enough of the committed to do it .
On February 29 , 2008 , one skirmish turned out successfully when a federal judge let the anonymous whistle - blowing WikiLeaks resume operations after a week earlier ordering its US hosting company and domain registrar ( Dynadot ) to shut down and lock out its site .
In his reconsidered ruling , District Judge Jeffrey White conceded he was having second thoughts regarding " serious questions of prior restraint ( and ) possible violations of the First Amendment . "
He added that " the court does not want to be a part of any order that is not constitutional . "
Even so , one triumph does n't mean victory .
The struggle for unimpeded free speech continues .
Secret Unconstitutional Surveillance , Including Online Data Mining
The right to privacy is sacred even though no constitutional provision specifically mandates it .
Nonetheless , the First Amendment guarantees free and open speech and beliefs .
The Third Amendment the privacy of our homes against demands to be used to house soldiers .
The Fourth Amendment against unreasonable searches and seizures .
The Fifth Amendment against self - incrimination and privacy of our personal information .
Also , the Ninth Amendment states that the " enumeration of certain ( of the Bill of ) rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage other rights retained by the people . "
In Griswold v. Connecticut ( 1965 ) , the Supreme Court held that the Constitution protects privacy in a case affirming the right to use contraceptives and that banning them violated the " right to marital privacy . "
In Justice Arthur Goldberg 's concurring opinion , he cited the Ninth Amendment in defense of the ruling .
Earlier High Courts also affirmed the constitutional right of privacy on matters of marriage , child rearing , procreation , education , termination of medical treatment , possessing and viewing pornography , abortion , and more as well as overall privacy protection .
The 14th Amendment 's " liberty " clause also relates to privacy by stating : " nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law .... "
Courts have broadened the meaning of " liberty " to include personal , political and social rights and privileges .
Thus , invasion of private spaces is unconstitutional .
In Olmstead v. US ( 1928 ) , Justice Louis Brandeis stated :
" The makers of our Constitution understood the need to secure conditions favorable to the pursuit of happiness , and the protections guaranteed by this are much broader in scope , and include the right to life and an inviolate personality -- the right to be left alone -- the most comprehensive of rights and the right most valued by civilized men .
The principle underlying the Fourth and Fifth Amendments is protection against invasions of the sanctities of a man 's home and privacies of life .
This is a recognition of the significance of man 's spiritual nature , his feelings , and his intellect . "
George Bush institutionalized lawless spying invasions of privacy on Americans and others .
Barack Obama continues the practice under the same federal agencies , including the FBI , CIA , Pentagon and NSA .
On April 15 , The New York Times headlined : " Officials Say US Wiretaps Exceeded Law . "
It cited the NSA 's practice in recent months of intercepting private emails and phone calls of Americans " on a scale that went beyond the broad legal limits established by Congress last year .... "
Briefed intelligence officials and lawyers called it " significant and systematic....overcollection " in violation of the law .
The Justice Department acknowledged the problem but said it was resolved .
For its part , the NSA said its " intelligence operations , including programs for collection and analysis , are in strict accordance with US laws and regulations . "
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence , in overall charge , downplayed the The Times story , referred to " inadvertent mistakes , " and claimed efforts were immediately implemented to correct them .
Nonetheless , the issue remains unsettled , and new details reveal earlier domestic surveillance , including wiretapping a congressional member without court approval , and systematically doing it against many American citizens .
Tom Burghardt writes often on these issues for various publications , web sites , and his Antifascist Calling blog ....
" Exploring the shadowlands of the corporate police state . "
In calling " Spying on Americans : ' Business as Usual ' under Obama , " he reported that working cooperatively with private corporations , the NSA collects vast amounts of " transactional data such as credit card purchases , bank transactions and travel itineraries .... sold to ( the agency ) by corporate freebooters . "
It 's then data - mined for " suspicious patterns , " a practice begun pre-9/11 but expanded greatly since then .
More than just financial transactions are monitored .
According to investigative journalist Christopher Ketchum , " as many as ' 8 million Americans are now listed ( as ) secret enemies .... who could face detention under martial law ( and subjected ) to everything from heightened surveillance and tracking to direct questioning " and possible internment .
Nothing under Obama has changed in spite of serious privacy , civil liberties , and other constitutional issues .
Director Rod Beckstrom of DHS ' Cyber Security Center resigned in March because of NSA 's " greater role in guarding the government 's computer systems " and its concentrated power without checks and balances .
According to Electronic Frontier Foundation 's senior staff attorney Kevin Bankston : Obama 's " Justice Department ( is continuing ) the Bush administration 's cover -up of the National Security Agency 's dragnet surveillance of millions of Americans , and insisting that the much - publicized warrantless wiretapping program is still a ' secret ' that cannot be reviewed by the courts .... " because doing so would harm national security .
Worse still is the DOJ 's assertion that the US government is immune from illegal spying litigation even when in violation of federal privacy statutes , an unprecedented claim exceeding the Bush administration citing " sovereign immunity . "
Obama is going Bush one better by saying the Patriot Act immunizes the government from being sued under surveillance provisions of the Wiretap Act , Stored Communications Act , and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act's ( FISA ) enhanced warrantless wiretapping powers in cooperation with complicit telecom providers .
In other words , Obama 's DOJ absolves itself and its corporate allies of accountability under existing federal statutes that prohibit illegal spying on Americans .
On April 26 , Burghhardt reported that " The Pentagon 's Cyber Command Formidable Infrastructure arrayed against the American People " will be headed by the NSA 's director , Lt. General Keith Alexander , to protect the military 's networks from hacker attacks , especially from countries like China and Russia .
How this will " affect civilian computer networks is unclear .
However , situating " it alongside NSA at Fort Meade , MD " should set alarm bells ringing ( because of NSA 's ) potential for ( greater ) abuse .... given ( its ) role in illegal domestic surveillance ....( and its ) tremendous technical capabilities . "
" As a Pentagon agency , NSA has positioned itself to seize near total control over the country 's electronic infrastructure , thereby exerting an intolerable influence -- and chilling effect -- over the nation 's political life . "
Recent history shows that " NSA and their partners at CIA , FBI , et. al. have targeted political dissidents , " including anti-war protesters , environmentalists , and others for their activism and beliefs .
Greater NSA powers will " transform ' cybersecurity ' into a euphemism for keeping the rabble in line ( and ) achieving ' full spectrum dominance ' via ' Cyberspace Offensive Counter - Operations . ' "
Directed against ordinary Americans , democratic freedoms will be severely compromised .
No matter as " the Obama administration ( prepares ) to hand control of the nation 's electronic infrastructure over to a ( rogue ) agency " - with General Alexander telling the House Armed Services subcommittee that America needs a digital warfare force for defensive and offensive cyber operations .
More resources are required to do it , not for public security , but for imperial conquest and containing dissent at home - in violation of constitutional freedoms and international law .
In a follow - up May 4 article , Burghardt explored the secret , unaccountable world of FBI data mining through its Investigative Data Warehouse ( IDW ) containing over a billion documents , including many on US citizens .
They come from our personal records and history , including what 's obtainable online through illegal spying .
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's ( EFF ) Kurt Opsahl , " The IDW includes more than four times as many documents as the Library of Congress , and the FBI has asked for millions of dollars to data - mine this warehouse , using unproven science in an attempt to predict future crimes from past behavior . "
This illegal spying violates our constitutional right to privacy and endangers our freedom by generating unsubstantiated threats based on pure supposition .
Besides the FBI , it 's virtually certain that other , perhaps all 16 , government intelligence agencies conduct similar spying illegally , and as such , endanger everyone 's freedom .
Earlier on July 14 , 2008 , an ACLU press release headlined : " Terrorist Watch List Hits One Million Names " based on government reported figures .
They include : " Members of Congress , nuns , war heros and other ' suspicious characters ' ( like anti-war and environmental activists ) .... trapped in the Kafkaesque clutches of this list , with little hope of escape . "
According to the ACLU 's Technology and Liberty Program director , Barry Steinhardt , this data base represents " what 's wrong with this administration 's approach to security : it 's unfair , out - of - control , a waste of resources , treats the rights of the innocent as an afterthought , and is a very real impediment in the lives of millions of ( people ) in this country .
Putting a million names on a watch list is a guarantee ( it ) will do more harm than good " besides being ineffective to catch real criminals .
Given the current scope and intent of FBI data mining , with millions under surveillance , its potential for abuse far exceeds where it stood less than a year ago - because the Obama administration supports it .
No longer is anything about us private , including :
-- all our financial transactions and records ;
-- every check written ;
-- every credit card or other electronic purchase ;
-- our complete medical history ;
-- every plane , train , bus or ship itinerary ;
-- our phone records and conversations ; and
-- every computer key stroke .
Our entire private world is now public - if spy snoops decide to invade it .
Key Internet - based companies , like Google , do it routinely - the company UK - based Privacy International ranked worst in its September 2007 " Race to the Bottom " report .
It stated :
" .... throughout our research we have found numerous deficiencies and hostilities in Google 's approach to privacy that go well beyond those of other organizations . "
It tops them all " as an endemic threat to privacy .
This is in part due to the diversity and specificity of Google 's product range and the ability of the company to share extracted data between these tools , and in part due to Google 's market dominance and the sheer size of its user base . "
It 's also unmatched in " its aggressive use of invasive or potentially invasive technologies and techniques . "
It 's able to " deep - drill into the minutiae of a user 's life and lifestyle choices " irresponsibly .
Its attitude toward privacy is blatantly hostile at worst and benignly ambivalent at best .
Specifically :
-- Google retains a large amount of user information with no limitation on its subsequent use or disclosure and with no chance for users to delete or withdraw it ;
-- it retains all " search strings and associated IP - addresses and time stamps for at least 18 to 24 months ( retention ) and does not provide users with an expungement option ; "
-- it has other personal information , including hobbies , employment , addresses , phone numbers , and more , and retains it even after users delete their profiles ;
-- it " collects all search results entered through Google Toolbar and identifies all Google Toolbar users with a unique cookie that allows Google to track the user 's web movement ; " it also retains information indefinitely with no expungement option ;
-- it does n't follow OECD Privacy Guidelines and EU data protection law provisions ;
-- users have no option to edit or delete obtained records and information about them ; and
-- they can't access log information generated through various Google services , such as Google Maps , Video , Talk , Reader , or Blogger .
In 2004 , Google also acquired the CIA - linked company Keyhole , Inc. , that has a worldwide 3 - D spy - in - the - sky images database .
Its software provides a virtual fly - over and zoom - in capability to within a one - foot resolution .
It 's supported by In - Q - Tel , a venture capital CIA - funded firm that " identif ( ies ) and invest(s ) in companies developing cutting - edge information technologies that serve United States national security interests . "
In 2003 , its CEO , John Hanke , said : " Keyhole 's strategic relationship with In - Q - Tel means that the Intelligence Community can now benefit from the massive scalability and high performance of the Keyhole enterprise solution . "
In 2006 , former CIA clandestine services case officer , Robert Steele , said :
" I am quite positive that Google is taking money and direction from my old colleague Dr. Rick Steinheiser in the Office of Research and Development at CIA , and that Google has done at least one major prototype effort focused on foreign terrorists which produced largely worthless data .... I think ( Google is ) stupid to be playing with CIA , which cannot keep a secret and is more likely to waste time and money than actually produce anything useful . "
On April 29 , Willem Buiter 's Maverecon site headlined " Gagging on Google " and said :
" Google is to privacy and respect for intellectual property rights what the Taliban are to women 's rights and civil liberties : a daunting threat that must be fought relentlessly by all those who value privacy and the right to exercise , within the limits of the law , control over the uses made by others of their intellectual property . "
This company should be rigorously regulated , " and if necessary , broken up or put out of business . "
With about half the global internet search market , it threatens enhanced " corporate or even official Big Brotherism . "
For example , Google Street View , an addition to Google Maps , " provides panoram ( ic ) images visible from street level in cities around the world .
The cameras record details of residents ' lives " on all sorts of personal matters that no one should be able to snoop on , then save , without permission , for whatever purposes .
The company also invades our privacy through tracking cookies or " third - party persistent cookies " to assist interest - based advertising , a practice known as behavioral targeting .
In the wrong hands , this information can be used " to put a commercial squeeze on people , but also to extort and blackmail them . "
And in government hands , it enhances " a pretty effective and very nasty police state . "
Can Google be trusted to use this information responsibly ?
" Of course not . "
It 's a business run by " amoral capitalists , " out to make as much money as possible by any means necessary .
Google and other Internet search engines " should not be trusted because they can not be trusted . "
However , because of its size and dominance , Google is " the new evil empire of the internet , " a " Leviathan " that must be tamed .
Cybersecurity Legislation
On April 1 , two bills endangering a free and open Internet were introduced in the Senate :
-- S. 773 : Cybersecurity
Act of 2009 " to ensure the continued free flow of commerce within the United States and with its global trading partners through secure cyber communications , to provide for the continued development and exploitation of the Internet and intranet communications for such purposes , to provide for the development of a cadre of information technology specialists to improve and maintain effective cybersecurity defenses against disruption , and for other purposes . "
S. 773 was then referred to the Commerce , Science , and Transportation Committee and thus far not voted on .
-- S. 778 : A bill to establish , within the Executive Office of the President , the Office of National Cybersecurity Advisor ( aka czar ) .
The bill was referred to the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and not yet voted on .
Accompanying information said Senators Jay Rockefeller and Olympia Snowe introduced the legislation to address :
" our country 's unacceptable vulnerability to massive cyber crime , global cyber espionage , and cyber attacks that could cripple our critical infrastructure . "
We presently face cyber espionage threats , they said , as well as " another great vulnerability .... to our private sector critical infrastructure - banking , utilities , air / rail / auto traffic control , telecommunications - from disruptive cyber attacks that could literally shut down our way of life . "
" This proposed legislation will bring new high - level governmental attention to develop a fully integrated , thoroughly coordinated , public - private partnership to our cyber security efforts in the 21st century " through what 's unstated - government affecting our private lives by threatening the viability of a free and open Internet .
During a March Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee hearing , Senator Rockefeller said that we'd all be better off if the Internet was never invented .
His precise words were : " Would it have been better if we 'd never have invented the Internet and had to use paper and pencil or whatever ! "
Left unsaid was that without a free and open Internet , few alternatives for getting real news and information would exist , at least with the ease and free accessibility that computers can provide .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation 's Jennifer Granick expressed alarm about the risk of " giving the federal government unprecedented power over the Internet without necessarily improving security in the ways that matter most .
( These bills ) should be opposed or radically amended . "
Here 's what they 'll do :
-- federalize critical infrastructure security , including banks , telecommunications and energy , shifting power away from providers and users to Washington ;
-- give " the president unfettered authority to shut down Internet traffic in ( whatever he calls ) an emergency and disconnect critical infrastructure systems on national security grounds .... ; "
-- potentially " cripple privacy and security in one fell swoop " through one provision ( alone ) empowering the Commerce Secretary to " have access to all relevant data concerning ( critical infrastructure ) networks without regard to any provision of law , regulation , rule , or policy restricting such access .... "
In other words , the Commerce Department will be empowered to access " all relevant data " - without privacy safeguards or judicial review .
As a result , constitutionally protected private information statutory protections will be lost - guaranteed under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , the Privacy Protection Act , and financial privacy regulations .
Another provision mandates a feasibility study for an identity management and authentication program that would sidestep " appropriate civil liberties and privacy protections . "
At issue is what role should the federal government play in cybersecurity ?
How much power should it have ?
Can it dismiss constitutional protections , and what , in fact , can enhance cybersecurity without endangering our freedoms ?
S. 773 and 778 , as now written , " make matters worse by weakening existing privacy safeguards ( without ) address ( ing ) the real problems of security . "
In late February , Director of National Intelligence , Admiral Dennis Blair , told the House Intelligence Committee that the NSA , not DHS , should be in charge of cybersecurity even though it has a " trust handicap " to overcome because of its illegal spying :
" I think there is a great deal of distrust of the National Security Agency and the intelligence community in general playing a role outside of the very narrowly circumscribed role because of some of the history of the FISA issue in years past .... "
So Blair asked the committee 's leadership to find a way to instill public confidence .
On February 9 , Obama appointed Melissa Hathaway to be Acting Senior Director for Cyberspace for the National Security and Homeland Security Councils - in charge of a 60 - day interagency cybersecurity review , now completed .
On April 21 , NSA / Chief Central Security Service director , General Alexander , told RSA Conference security participants that " The NSA does not want to run cybersecurity for the government .
We need partnerships with others .
The DHS has a big part , you do , and our partners in academia .
It 's one network and we all have to work together .... The NSA can offer technology assistance to team members .
That 's our role . "
But someone has to be in charge .
It may or may not be NSA , but no matter .
At issue is our constitutional freedoms .
Any infringement on them must be challenged and stopped .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to The Global Research News Hour on RepublicBroadcasting.org Monday - Friday at 10 AM US Central time for cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on world and national issues .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=13641
Every few years we geeks have our own kind of popcorn show to watch : tech companies showing teeth to one another .
This time around , it ’s Palm vs Apple .
In all seriousness though , how ethical is the battle around iTunes ?
A few weeks ago I blogged about the situation of Palm posing as an iPod on iTunes .
I called this a gray area , with no easy answer .
In fact , I found that debating the original situation was a waste of time because both companies had good reasons to do what they do ( although I was personally mostly siding with Palm with this ) .
A few weeks later Apple closed the door for Palm with an iTunes fix , and yesterday Palm bit back with another fix to re-enable iTunes support for the Pre .
However , it ’s this last “ fix ” that now made me side with Apple .
You see , Palm now uses a device ID that belongs to Apple .
In other words , Palm is now presenting their product as an Apple one .
Palm should have not done that because it ’s not ethical to claim that you ’re someone else .
Palm overstepped some boundaries with their latest update : “ Unauthorized use of assigned or unassigned USB Vendor ID Numbers and associated Product ID Numbers are strictly prohibited ” , the USB - IF states .
Instead ,
Palm should have done one of the following :
1. Sue Apple on grounds of abusing monopoly .
Just like we spent 4 years watching Microsoft and its IE getting dragged to the court about being anti-competitive , that ’s what should happen to Apple too .
Do n’t forget that originally iTunes was an open player , it could even work with third party plugins and devices .
It was only later , when the iPod got successful that Apple “ closed down ” iTunes in order to control their success even more .
Given that in the US iTunes and iPods have around 80 % ( or more ) of the market share , Palm could sue .
Although , now that Palm spoofs as an Apple product , Apple could counter - sue ( bad move on Palm ’s part ) .
2. Forget about iTunes , and go help these poor guys in San Francisco ( in all intents and purposes down the road from Palm ’s offices ) , the Songbird team .
This player will be almost feature - complete compared to iTunes by year ’s end .
If Palm could either finance them , or send 1 - 2 engineers to help them out , everyone would win : Songbird would be a real multi-platform OSS alternative to iTunes , and Palm and ANY other manufacturer would have an iTunes - like alternative that works .
They could also partner with the Amazon Store to include an Amazon mp3 plugin as an alternative to iTunes Store ( the Android phones do that , and it works mighty fine ) .
I guess , what I am saying here is that Palm did have options instead of spoofing their product as an Apple one .
Maybe not immediate options for their consumers ( although do n’t forget that the Pre can be also used as a USB drive for mp3 uploading ) , but options nonetheless .
I hope that Palm gets with the program , forgets iTunes , and goes with Songbird .
This way , everyone wins :
Palm , the customers , the rest of the cell / mp3 manufacturers , OSS , and even Apple , who wants to play all by itself in the corner .
Rep .
Mike Pence disagrees with the stimulus and voted against it but wants more of it for his state .
" The Democrats in Congress and the administration said we were going to have to borrow nearly a trillion dollars from future generations and spend it on this -- this long laundry list of liberal spending priorities we called stimulus and that unless we did that , unemployment would reach 8 % nationally .
It 's 9.5 % nationally today , " Pence told Fox News ' Chris Wallace .
But Pence charges that Indiana is n't getting enough money from the very program that he does n't support .
" You check the Indiana Star , you 'll see stories about the stimulus .
One is that four out of ten major projects in the stimulus for Indiana had been allotted to companies outside the state of Indiana , " complained Pence .
Transcript below the fold .
WALLACE : Let 's start with the economy and some recent signs of progress .
Let 's put them up on the screen .
The economy was down only 1 percent last quarter , after a 6.4 percent drop the prior three months .
New home sales soared 11 percent in June .
And the stock market had its best month in seven years .
Congressman , is n't the recession leveling off ?
And does n't President Obama deserve some credit ?
PENCE : Well , let me say I hope the recession is leveling off .
Slowing the rate of descent is encouraging , I 'm sure , to millions of Americans .
But I really believe that it's in spite of the prescriptions of Washington , D.C. , Chris .
I mean , this so - called stimulus bill that -- you know , that was passed last February -- we 've lost 2 million jobs since the stimulus bill was passed .
And I think what we 're seeing in the economy now is the inherent resilience of the American economy and the American people .
And while those -- while those numbers are encouraging , what we ought to be doing is pursuing the kind of broad - based prescription for recovery and stimulating this economy that has always worked , which is fiscal discipline in Washington , D.C. and tax relief for working families , small businesses and family farms .
WALLACE : All right .
Let 's look at the stimulus bill which you voted against .
The Democratic National Committee , as I 'm sure you know , is running a radio ad in Indiana in which they note that the stimulus package is funding public works projects across the state and in your home district .
Let 's listen .
( BEGIN AUDIO CLIP ) NARRATOR :
These projects are creating and saving jobs and boosting our economy .
So when you see that sign that says this project funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , you can say , " No , thanks , " to Mike Pence .
( END AUDIO CLIP )
WALLACE : Congressman , " No , thanks , " to Mike Pence ? "
PENCE : Well , let me say Indiana 's lost 20,000 jobs since the so- called stimulus bill was passed .
WALLACE : But nobody -- excuse me .
Nobody said that the stimulus bill was going to stop the recession .
PENCE : Well , now , hold on a second .
The Democrats in Congress and the administration said that we were going to have to borrow nearly a trillion dollars from future generations and spend it on this -- this long laundry list of liberal spending priorities that we called stimulus and that unless we did that , unemployment would reach 8 percent nationally .
It 's 9.5 percent nationally today .
In my beloved Indiana , it 's 10.7 percent and still rising , Chris .
I mean , the reality is that , you know , borrowing a trillion dollars from future generations of Americans and spreading it around the economy is going to have some catalytic effect in the economy in the short term , but again , it 's no substitute for fiscal discipline in Washington , D.C. and tax relief across the board for working families and small businesses .
WALLACE : But I want to ask you about another report , and we 're going to put it up on the screen .
More than 2,400 people are now at work on federal - stimulus - funded roadway projects in Indiana .
" What 's clear is that the stimulus projects have boosted an industry otherwise floundering in Indiana . "
And that is not from the DNC .
That 's from the Evansville , Indiana Courier & Press .
PENCE : Right .
That 's right .
I saw that report as well .
To be honest with you , though , I 've talked to officials with the Indiana Department of Transportation , and no one 's really sure where that number came from , Chris .
But , look .
Republicans were always prepared earlier this year to support funding for roads and bridges and infrastructure .
It 's unfortunate that that was such an infinitesimally small portion of the stimulus bill that was passed by the Congress earlier this year .
If you check the Indianapolis Star this morning you 'll see a couple of stories about the stimulus .
One is that four out of 10 major projects in the stimulus for Indiana had been allotted to companies outside the state of Indiana .
And this weatherization funding -- Governor Daniels has expressed some frustration in newspapers this morning that Indiana 's gotten no funding from -- they 've been ...
WALLACE : Yeah , but I do n't understand .
PENCE : ... conditionally approved for that .
All of this ...
WALLACE : First you 're saying the stimulus is bad .
Now you 're saying you 're just not getting your fair share of it .
PENCE : Well , what I 'm saying is that this piecemeal approach -- government handouts through a government bureaucracy -- is no substitute for broad - based tax relief and fiscal discipline in Washington , D.C .
Chris , the quickest way to get money into this economy is not to take it in the first place .
And Republicans fought for broad - based tax relief .
We fought for fiscal discipline all year long , opposing the stimulus , opposing runaway spending in the budget , opposing the national energy tax and cap and trade and this government takeover of health care with its higher taxes , and we 're going to continue to make that fight .
The CBI says the government targets wind power too much
The UK must invest more in nuclear and clean coal energy and put less emphasis on wind power if it wants a secure low - carbon future , business leaders say .
The CBI says government energy policy is " disjointed " and it is urging a " more balanced " energy mix .
The current approach means the UK might miss climate change targets , it added .
The government said putting in place a balanced mix of renewables , new nuclear and cleaner fossil fuels was at the heart of its energy policy .
It is due to set out its Energy White Paper on Wednesday .
But the CBI is calling for more action in its report " Decision Time " .
" The government 's disjointed approach is deterring the private sector investment needed to get our energy system up to scratch , bolster security and cut emissions , " said CBI deputy director general John Cridland .
" While we have generous subsidies for wind power , we urgently need the national planning statements needed to build new nuclear plants .
" If we carry on like this we will end up putting too many of our energy eggs in one basket . "
Energy war
The CBI 's comments are based on computer modelling of current power sector investment by consultants McKinsey .
The CBI wants the government to : • reduce the percentage of wind power expected by 2020 under the Renewables Strategy later this week , to encourage investment in other low - carbon energy sources .
Roger Harrabin , BBC environment analyst
The document is timed to influence the government 's Energy White Paper due this week .
It is the latest salvo in the business war between nuclear , coal and wind .
A recent study by the consultants Poyry suggested that wind power could become so dominant in the UK that it leaves nuclear and CCS coal in competition with each other instead of holding the dominant position they have enjoyed since the 1950s .
The McKinsey study projects that under ' business as usual ' by 2030 , gas would provide 36 % of the UK 's energy , coal 1 % , wind 24 % , nuclear 20 % , other renewables 12 % , and clean coal 8 % .
That would mean 64 % of electricity would come from low - carbon technologies , behind the Climate Change Committee 's 78 % target .
The investment cost is estimated at £ 125 - £ 173bn .
Marsh wind farm officially opened • speed up the planning process for energy supplies • produce rules and funding arrangements for for Carbon Capture and Storage ( CCS ) demonstration plants • accelerate investment in the grid • improve energy efficiency in the electricity , heating and transport sectors , including offering financial sweeteners for consumers choosing more efficient products .
' No surprise ' A spokesman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) said : " We know that big investments need certainty , and we 're on track with our promise to remove costly unnecessary barriers to new nuclear , such as the planning reforms already in train . "
Andrew Warren , director of the Association for the Conservation of Energy and formerly a member of the CBI 's energy policy committee , told the BBC 's environment analyst Roger Harrabin that the increase in wind power was threatening to the big power generators who he said dominated the committee .
" This document is no surprise .
EDF have been lobbying very hard for less obligations on renewables , saying it will distract from nuclear , " he said .
" This is precisely what Patricia Hewitt [ the former trade and industry secretary ] warned would happen when she published the ' no - new - nukes ' 2003 energy white paper . "
' Champing at the bit ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Greenpeace executive director John Sauven said that by calling for wind power 's contribution to the UK 's renewable energy targets to be reduced the CBI is actually doing its members a great disservice .
" Nuclear power is less effective than wind power at tackling climate change , while investment in renewables would create much needed British jobs in one of the few growth sectors in the global economy , " he said .
" Here in the UK we have one of the best renewable energy resources anywhere in the world and a manufacturing sector champing at the bit to capture the lead in marine technologies like offshore wind and tidal power . "
Meanwhile a DECC spokesman told Roger Harrabin the government was " fully behind " the 15 % renewables target .
" We 're not setting fixed sub - targets [ for electricity , heat , transport ] , but our projections are about finding the most practicable and cost effective mix .
" Our analysis supports the approach we 're taking .
We do n't believe it inhibits new nuclear - there are a myriad of other considerations to factor in . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WideStudio Features WideStudio enables you to create a large GUI based application visually and viscerally , quick and easily by the following features .
Can create Applications using C/C++ , Java ( since v3.80 -6 ) , Perl ( since v3.20 ) , Ruby ( since v3.20 ) or Python ( since v3.20 ) , Objective Caml ( since v3.90 - 2 )
Platform - independent integrated desktop application environment
Comes with MWT : Multi-platform Widget Toolkit
Runs as optimized , native binary on embedded devices , ubiquitous devices , home information appliance
Visualized Window Editor enables you to design Window arrangement
Automated source code generator in the application builder
Event - driven style minimizes source development
Project management feature eases development work
Automatic makefile generation and build feature
Extension class library build feature and class library import feature assure scalability
You can choose your favorite editor for coding with WideStudio
Multi-encoding feature absorbs encoding differences between platforms
Various encoding systems such as EUC - JP , SJIS , EUC-KR, EUC-CN, UNICODE ( UTF8 ) are supported
Full - scaled platform - compatiple applicaitons , internationalized applications can be developed .
Various encoding systems such as EUC - JP , SJIS , EUC-KR, EUC-CN, UNICODE ( UTF8 ) are supported Full - scaled platform - compatiple applicaitons , internationalized applications can be developed .
OpenGL library powered computer graphics ( since v3.00 )
j3w library powered computer graphics ( since v3.00 )
Remote instance feature that brings distributed computing environment ( since v3.00 )
Database linkage with ODBC component ( since v3.00 )
I think one of the most consoling things a fellow manic depressive ever told me was that I ( the person known as Therese ) never disappeared during my severe depression .
It felt like I did , of course .
Because I could barely recognize myself .
I would stare into a mirror and question the identity of the ugly chick staring back .
People could n’t recognize me … especially from the back , since I had dropped a few pant sizes .
But my friend reassured me that I was there all along .
In a letter dated around May of 2006 , just as I was starting to ascend from the Black Hole , she wrote me this :
Once one walks in the door of a good psychiatrist , the scientist , and finds a good therapist as well as cognitive - thinking help , she realizes how alone she has been most of her life .
Your success is shown in your writing , activities , and care for your family .
They have to be thanking God that you are back .
You were always there , and the bad chemicals have nothing to do with your talents , inner beauty , and writing .
You are on your way , and the time is right .
A person never disappears in a depression .
Even though thinks she is lost forever , she lurks there , underneath the illness .
I now need to remind her of this very nugget of wisdom she shared with me because she has fallen into a very deep , painful depression .
She is so depressed that she no longer wants to talk to anyone .
Not me .
Not anyone .
Her husband told me to keep on trying , because she will go days without saying anything .
When she does pick up the phone , she immediately wants to hang up .
I wish there was some way I could tell her what she told me :
That she is there , and that the bad chemicals have nothing to do with her generosity , compassion , humor , and the wonderful person that she is .
The last few times I ’ve been able to get her on the phone , I have hung up reminded of how powerful our illness can be , of how devastating , and painful , and brutal it often is to those most vulnerable –those recovering from physical illnesses or emotional stress or difficult life transitions .
I know that she will come out of this .
She has survived so much already : her father ’s suicide , a son ’s addiction and illness , a friend ’s cancer , and recent surgery .
She has been a partner in growing her husband ’s ministry of establishing wells and clean water in small African towns , hosting and entertaining folks from all over the world , taking care of the babies of young moms at her church , and of course speaking out against the stigma of mental illness .
I could go on and on , but you know as well as I do what depressions does to a person .
You understand the lies it whispers in your ear–that all is doom , that hope is gone , and that you ’re a fool to believe in tomorrow .
But I urge you , my friend .
Please , if just for a half - second today , believe that feeling better is possible .
Because you kept telling me that very thing .
And I believed you .
And you were right .
Depression : There ’s a Person Underneath the Illness
In a symbolic marriage of high culture and low - brow titillation that recalls its glory days , Playboy is to serialise the final work of the Russian - born American novelist , Vladimir Nabokov , which has stayed hidden for more than 30 years .
The unfinished novella , The Original of Laura , will be published this autumn in what has been widely described as the literary event of the year .
Hugh Hefner 's title won the bidding war this week to carry a hefty , 5,000 - word excerpt of the novella .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Nabokov had a long and mutually agreeable relationship with Playboy , which serialised his 1969 novel , Ada , and also conducted a number of important interviews with him , in which he discussed some of the controversy that surrounded his most famous novel , Lolita .
However the jury is out on whether the author would be happy to see a chunk of Laura amid the magazine 's usual fare of scantily clad women and celebrity interviews .
His dying wish was for the uncompleted work to be destroyed by his heirs .
That was disregarded but the novella has been locked away since his death in 1977 .
Then last spring , Nabokov 's son Dmitri decided to put the book on the market .
Whether the move was inspired by a desire to allow the public to share the work or simply by potential profit is unclear .
However , Mr Nabokov chose Andrew Wylie , a famously - predatory literary agent known as " the Jackal " , to market it .
The novella tells the story about an overweight academic in an unhappy marriage to a promiscuous woman .
Playboy 's deal to publish the serialisation on 10 November , a week before the book goes on sale , was the result of a lengthy courtship by the magazine 's literary editor , Amy Grace Loyd , who resorted to sending several shipments of flowers to Mr Wylie .
" I was very persistent , as I often am , and I try forcibly to remind people of our literary history because it is very easy for people to dismiss us , " she told The New York Observer .
" I 'm so glad all those orchids did not die in vain . "
The significance of the fact that the gold standard makes the increase in the supply of gold dependent upon the profitability of producing gold is , of course , that it limits the government ’s power to resort to inflation .
The gold standard makes the determination of money ’s purchasing power independent of the changing ambitions and doctrines of political parties and pressure groups .
This is not a defect of the gold standard ; it is its main excellence .
Nationalists are fighting the gold standard because they want to sever their countries from the world market and to establish national autarky as far as possible .
Interventionist governments and pressure groups are fighting the gold standard because they consider it the most serious obstacle to their endeavors to manipulate prices and wage rates .
But the most fanatical attacks against gold are made by those intent upon credit expansion .
The purchasing power of gold is not stable .
But the very notions of stability and unchangeability of purchasing power are absurd .
In a living and changing world there cannot be any such thing as stability of purchasing power .
It is an essential feature of money that its purchasing power is changing .
The international gold standard works without any action on the part of governments .
It is effective real cooperation of all members of the world - embracing market economy .
There is no need for any government to interfere in order to make the gold standard work as an international standard .
What governments call international monetary cooperation is concerted action for the sake of credit expansion .
Sometimes it's hard to tell what to believe when you read it on the web .
The recent " Unknown Lifeform " in North Carolina ?
Turns out , not a hoax , but also not a monster .
But all those rumors about Jeff Goldblum falling to his death in New Zealand ?
Well , those were a hoax , and a rather tasteless one at that .
For hundreds of years , humans have been playing elaborate tricks on each other , but the advent of social tools — from Usenet and email right on up to YouTube and Twitter — means that hoaxes are much more easily spread , and it can be difficult to separate the misinformation from the truth .
Here 's a collection of the top 15 most unforgettable web hoaxes .
1. The Montauk Monster ( 2008 )
Actually , the hoax status of this one still seems somewhat up - in - the - air .
It started with a newspaper article from a local paper in Montauk , New York in July 2008 .
A creature had washed up on the beach ; it was dead , and it was really strange — no one knew what it was .
Thus , the " Montauk Monster " was born .
Even today , no one really seems to know what it is .
A raccoon ?
A rodent ?
A capybara ?
A boxer dog ?
A sea turtle without its shell ?
Whatever it is , the Montauk Monster was an instant Internet sensation , and it has sparked an almost unending debate over whether this is just another hoax or something that Mulder and Scully need to investigate .
2. How to Charge an iPod with an Onion ( 2007 )
The mostly - joke how - to site Household Hacker hit the big time with their viral video that purportedly demonstrated how to charge an iPod using nothing but an onion and a glass of Gatorade .
The video was full of pseudo science that made it seem plausible , and it got a ton of press and frustrated a lot of people who plugged their electronics into vegetables .
But as the Mythbusters would later say about this one : Busted !
Related : How To Make Moutain Dew Glow
3. The Derbyshire Fairy ( 2006 )
As part of an elaborate April Fools Day prank , prop - maker Dan Baines of Derbyshire , England created what he told people was the corpse of a " fairy , " and put it up for sale on eBay and on his web site .
His prop was perhaps a little too well made , and resulted in his site getting over 20,000 visits in one day .
Even after he revealed the whole thing was a hoax , Baines still received emails from fairy believers accusing him of covering up the truth with his hoax story .
" I 've had all sorts of comments including people who say they 've seen exactly the same things and one person who told me to return the remains to the grave site as soon as possible or face the consequences , " he told the BBC .
4. Lonelygirl15 ( 2006 )
Lonelygirl15 appeared to be just an average , innocent video blog of a run -of - the - mill American teenager when it first appeared on YouTube in June 2006 , but very quickly the vlog 's storyline shifted .
Suddenly , rather than a girl complaining about normal teenage problems , Lonelygirl15 started giving out details of the bizarre cult that her family was involved in .
A couple of months later it was apparent that the videos were scripted .
By mid-September , the name of the actress was revealed .
Yet even though Lonelygirl15 was n't the victim of some strange cult that kept her locked in her house , and even though the entire thing was just a hoax , the web series remained popular until it ended in 2008 .
5. GoogleTV ( 2007 )
Rumors of GoogleTV have been around for years .
So it 's not surprising that when clever YouTuber Mark Erickson created a very well done how - to video demonstrating how to gain access to the service 's hidden beta , people bought it hook line and sinker .
Of course , there is no GoogleTV — but we do now have Hulu , which is surprisingly similar to what Erickson was describing .
Related : " Leaked " Google Chrome OS screenshots
6. Bill Gates Wants to Give You Money ( 1997 )
It 's true that Bill Gates does want to give some people money via his Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
But it 's not true that you 'll ever get any money by forwarding a chain letter as part of the beta test for a new Microsoft - powered email tracking program .
This persistent hoax has been circulating since 1997 in one form or another , and is still making the rounds today .
The basic come on is that Microsoft or AOL ( or both ) is testing a new email forward tracking system , and if you forward the email , you 'll be paid based on how many times your email gets resent by your friends ( their new software will keep track of it all , of course ) .
Another variation of this hoax is that every forwarded email will raise money for some charitable cause .
Image via : Freaking News
7. Giant Camel Spiders in Iraq ( 2004 )
An email started making the rounds in 2004 asking people to be sympathetic to troops in Iraq , not because they have to be away from their families or because war zones are dangerous , but because they have to deal with absolutely prehistoric spiders .
The email repeated claims from the first Gulf War in 1993 , that the spiders could run 25 miles per hour , could jump several feet in the air , and could grow 8 - 10 inches in length .
These claims were made more believable because the email included a photo of US servicemen holding a spider that appears to be about a foot in length .
However , even though camel spiders are pretty big and quite fast , they 're nowhere near as large as the photo makes it seem nor as fast as the email claims .
The photo itself was just taken from an angle that makes the spider seem bigger than it really is .
8. Kidney Thieves in New Orleans ( 1997 )
Shortly before Mardi Gras in 1997 , a hoax email started making the rounds warning travelers that a ring of organ thieves was operating in the city , and revelers were likely to get their kidneys stolen .
The organ harvesting urban legend had been spread in the past , but this particular email chain became so popular that it even prompted the New Orleans police to issue an official statement denying the hoax 's validity so that the city would n't lose revenue from scared travelers canceling Mardi Gras plans .
9. Hercules the Dog ( 2007 )
An email with what was purported to be a photo of the world 's largest dog started popping up in inboxes in 2007 .
Hercules , was supposedly a 282 pound English Mastiff who stood almost as tall as a horse , and the photo seemed to back it up .
However , even though a dog named Hercules was once recognized as the world 's largest , it 's not the one in the photo , and the photo is almost definitely a fake .
10 . Bigfoot 's Body ( 2008 )
Last year , a pair of hoaxers ( or con artists ) pulled a fast one on the American media when they claimed to have found the body of Bigfoot .
They held an elaborate press conference and even got coverage from mainstream news outlets like CNN .
Due to how fast the photos of the Bigfoot body spread on the web , the hoax got massive coverage .
But it turned out to be just that — a hoax .
A California Bigfoot enthusiast actually paid the two Georgia men $ 50,000 for the body , and later found that it was just a costume packed in ice .
One of the men , who was a police officer , was fired as a result of perpetrating the hoax , and they both face legal action .
11 . Kremvax ( 1984 )
In what might be one of the earliest Internet hoaxes , a member of Usenet in 1984 created quite a stir when he announced that the Soviet Union would be joining the network .
The message , which appeared to be posted from Konstantin Chernenko ( with the address chernenko@kremvax .
UUCP ) , was shocking because most people assumed Cold War security issues and hostility between the USSR and the USA would prevent the Soviet Union from joining Usenet .
Of course , security concerns and hostilities really would prevent such a link - up from happening , and a couple of weeks later , after hundreds of responses had been posted , the message was revealed as a hoax .
12 . The Blair Witch Project ( 1999 )
Of course , everyone knows now that The Blair Witch Project was a piece of fiction .
But when the movie came out in 1999 , a lot of people were n't so sure .
Due to a very clever Internet marketing campaign , in which the movie 's creators developed a network of background web sites about the movie 's mythology , many people believed that the film was actually a documentary created from found footage of kids who had disappeared in the woods .
The film 's marketing was designed to trick people into thinking it was a legit documentary .
In addition to an elaborate web campaign , the distributors also put out a second fake documentary about the made up Blair Witch legend on the Sci -Fi channel in the run-up to the film 's release .
13 . Hurricane Lili Waterspouts ( 2002 )
This photo , which flew around email inboxes in 2002 , supposedly showed a trio of menacing water spouts approaching a container ship as Hurricane Lili rolled in .
Of course , if it looks too good to be true , it probably is .
The National Weather Service of the US quickly debunked the photo and revealed it as the work of a Photoshop whiz .
Meteorologists were suspicious of the photo almost at once because it is very rare to see two waterspouts of that size so close together , let alone three .
The original , undoctored photo actually shows a single impressive waterspout and was published in a shipping trade magazine called " Supply Lines " in 2001 .
14 . Steorn Free Energy ( 2006 / 2007 )
In 2006 , Irish company called Steorn Ltd announced that it had developed " free , clean , and constant energy , " in violation of known laws of physics ( conservation of energy ) .
Steorn said their technology was based on " time variant magnetic interactions , " and would revolutionize the world .
They even invited a jury of scientists to test their claims .
The company 's credibility took a major blow in 2007 , however , when at a well attended and well publicized press demonstration , their machine failed to work — they later blamed the heat from stage lights and a " greenhouse effect " within the plastic box that housed their contraption .
But the damage was done .
Their initial claims of finding a way to violate physical laws had already been met with skepticism , but after the botched demonstration , calls of " hoax " flew around the web .
In June 2009 , the appointed jury of their scientific peers decided that Steorn 's technology just did n't work , leading many to believe what they 'd suspected all along : this is simply an elaborate hoax .
15 . The Internet Drunk Surfing Bill ( 1994 )
It began as an April Fools Day prank in PC Computing magazine by columnist John Dvorak , but it ended up causing quite a stir .
Dvorak wrote in his hoax piece that the US Congress was considering a bill ( numbered 040194 — as in , 04/01/94 ) that would make it illegal to surf the web while drunk , or to discuss sexual matters over a public network .
Of course the bill would be passed , wrote Dvorak , because , " Who wants to come out and support drunkenness and computer sex ? "
The hoax worked a bit too well , though , and it generated so many angry calls to congress that Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts had to issue a statement denying rumors that he was a sponsor of the phony bill .
Still , maybe it's not such a bad idea ...
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , pojbic
What are current numerical limits on growing " for medical purposes " what is " reasonably related to one 's medical needs " ?
Since Measure B , is the state law limit of six mature plants / eight ounces per patient in place ?
The quantity or amount of medicine a patient needs is up to the doctor to determine .
Each patient 's plant or quantity limit can go up if the doctor approves a higher annual supply of medicine based on six plants / eight oz .
being inadequate for the patient 's reasonable medical needs .
How can we protect ourselves more fully under state law via knowledge of rights , responsibilities and good neighbor policies ?
There is a snowballing trend toward court victories for medical cannabis collectives in Mendocino County .
From Sutherlin ( 2007 ) , a 4 - person collective acquitted at trial , to Sutherland ( 2009 ) , a 4 - person collective with charges dismissed at the preliminary hearing , Senate Bill 420 's protective clause is actually protecting patients , as intended , for those who do it right and follow the law .
The dual purpose of SB 420 / Medical Marijuana Program
Act is to 1 ) set up a voluntary medical marijuana ID card program ; 2 ) " enhance access for patients and caregivers to medical marijuana through collective cooperative cultivation projects . "
Since the Attorney General released 2008 Guidelines on how to be legal under the collective / cooperative clause , there is increasing preference among patients to follow reasonable guidelines and join with others in private membership associations organized for the common good as an alternative to individual profit .
What does the purely self - motivated profit engine have to offer these days ?
It is fading as a respected mode of operation for survival in times of scarcity , like the internal combustible engine .
We 're at the historic juncture of the marijuana wars in relation to society 's economic collapse .
The remedy is regulation .
This points to a paradigm shift from motivation for individual profit to the common good as the goal , with additional legal protections to sell and distribute medical cannabis within a " closed - circuit membership association " under First Amendment Freedom of Association protections .
By forfeiting the profit mode , medical cannabis collectives gain extra legal protections to sell and distribute medicine to the membership within a closed - loop cycle .
The cycle should be a closed - circuit of marijuana cultivation and consumption with no purchases or sales to or from non-members .
There are no limits on the number of patients allowed to join a collective association , causing urban areas to harbor hundreds of collectives and cooperatives , legally protected to provide their patients with " farm direct " medicine grown in the country - from the ground to the patient 's hands .
The collective approach is fast becoming normal for how to organize cultivation of medical cannabis .
Sheriff 's local guidelines on Prop. 215 are invalid and illegal without recognition of SB420's " collective cooperative cultivation , " as codified under H&S11362.775 .
Here are some examples of local cases where courts found collectives were doing it right :
Matthew Sutherlin ( 2007 ) 4 - person medical cannabis collective .
Jury trial acquittal .
Defense attorney : Ed Denson
Laura Hamburg ( 2008 ) 4 - person family collective .
Dismissal of all charges due to illegal search and seizure based on intentional omission of material fact . '
Defense attorney : Keith Faulder .
Luke Strauss and Joe Maligno ( April 3 , 2009 ) .
Collective membership association with two Redwood Valley patients growing 400 pounds for West Hollywood Center for Compassionate Healing , a storefront dispensary providing medicine to 1,000 - plus patients .
Hung jury 7 - 5 in favor of acquittal , based on the conclusion of the majority of jurors that defendants were following the Attorney General Guidelines on Collectives under state law .
Charges were not refiled .
This watershed case shows a Mendo jury will not convict based on quantity alone , without also knowing how many patients are being provided the medicine .
Defense attorneys : E.D. Lerman and David Nick .
David and Cara Lampach ( April 30 , 2009 ) Collective membership organization growing 50 pounds in Willits for storefront dispensary , Harborside Collective , in Oakland .
After two offers of rejected plea bargains , all charges were dismissed by DA the same day .
Defense attorney : Jan Cole - Wilson .
Shelton Sutherland ( July 24 , 2009 ) 4 - person patient collective .
All recognized as in compliance with state and local law by the court .
Dismissed at prelim based on illegal search and seizure due to medical purposes being withheld from the judge in requesting a criminal warrant .
Compliance checks without warrants or with invalid warrants which omit the claim of medical purposes from the judge in order to get a warrant will not hold up in court .
Defense attorneys : Tony Serra and Omar Figueroa .
Pebbles Trippet is a member of the board of the Mendocino Medical Marijuana Advisory Board .
Source : Ukiah Daily Journal ( CA )
Author : Pebbles Trippet
Published : August 10 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Ukiah Daily Journal
Contact : udjrb@pacific.net
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/5BUaOxsQ
Website : http://www.ukiahdailyjournal.com/
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Posted on 07 July 2009 by HansKlopek
Hans here .
Snarky headline I know , but sometimes you have to act like you hate what you love to make yourself feel cool and other self - deluding rationalizations .
Indie movies are movies that I spend a lot of time trying to convince myself that I do n’t like .
I ’m not gonna wade through a lot of debate about the term ‘ indie . ’
It used to just mean you were financed outside of a major studio .
The Sundance generation of the late 80s and early 90s took it a step further and started to define the term along the lines of “ independence of vision . ”
But at our present moment , the term ‘ indie ’ transcends all questions of financing or vision .
It has become a style with a specific set of themes and problems that are consistently addressed .
Garden State , Little Miss Sunshine , Napoleon Dynamite , Juno , Adventureland , Lost in Translation .
Think about these movies and everything that they have in common and you ’ll understand what I ’m talking about .
You find themes of youthful self doubt and personal identity crises abound within each of them .
Throw in a quirky , slightly episodic narrative approach and you ’ve got a slightly better bead on it .
Kick it up with a consideration for the audience ’s college radio- centric musical taste ( in some cases ) and you ’ve got the style almost completely pegged .
Sure , there are plenty of “ indie ” films that do n’t possess these elements , but the ones that do seem to be the most successful .
We have another coming out later this summer , ( 500 ) Days of Summer , that is getting tons of money pumped into it by its American distributor , Fox Searchlight , in the hope of Little Miss Sunshine or Napoleon Dynamite - type success .
Indie films of this type are a useful bit of counter - programming for studios who bet the farm on their hugeass blockbusters and then distribute movies that their subsidiaries ( Paramount Vantage , Fox Searchlight ) have picked up on the festival circuit .
Or you have a studio like Focus Features , the production company behind the subject of today ’s review , Away We Go , that specialize in these types of film and clean up nicely producing the thinking man ’s movie or at least something that resembles it .
I like most of these movies , so I really have no business complaining , but it is really off - putting to see that independent film has , in many ways , developed into its own genre capable of being pidgeonholed and programmed by a studio executive .
I liked feeling that going to see an independent film meant that you were going to see something unconventional or aberrant to whatever was considered mainstream at that time .
Films like Away We
Go represent how movies with an indie spirit are being made to fill a spot in the marketplace in the wake of the successes that were Juno or Garden State .
There are still indie films out there that push the envelope and strive to show us something we ’ve never seen before ( Hunger is a good example ) , but its sad to know that these edgy , brave films are n’t being given as much attention because American distributors feel that they are filling that need in the marketplace with the Away We Go‘s of the world .
And the real pain in the ass of this whole situation is that most of these movies are ultimately pretty good or at least have good stuff in them .
Away We
Go is no exception .
This is a heartfelt , personal film .
The type that makes you feel , at the end , that you ’ve witnessed 90 minutes or two hours of complete honesty .
One problem is that its life within the indie style makes it seem stale or predictable at times .
Despite all of its heart and honesty , you can see the personal epiphany moment that inevitably happens at the end of the story about ten miles away .
That is n’t to say you do n’t enjoy getting there to some degree , but Away We Go utilizes a pretty standard technique of the indie film , the road trip , in order to get where it is going .
Ala Little Miss Sunshine , it is always easier to give your film production value if you set it in a bunch of different places but shoot it around the same general area .
In the case of this film , it is the journey of Burt ( John Krasinski ) and Verona ( Maya Rudolph ) , a pregnant couple , to find a suitable home for their soon - to - be - born child .
We open the story with the two living modestly in a shabby home .
They live there to be close to his parents ( Jeff Daniels and Catherine O’Hare ) , two selfish eccentrics who elect to move to Belgium for two years rather than be around for the birth of their first grandchild .
After learning of this , Burt and Verona elect for a trip of their own to find new surroundings for their budding family .
The trip takes them around the country to various family members , old college roommates , childhood friends , in the hope of finding a good fit .
The structure reminded me a lot of Jim Jarmusch ’s Broken Flowers , where Bill Murray travels to four different old flames in the hope of uncovering the child that he never knew he had .
Each lady winds up a comedic caricature of a different social type , providing a crazy road trip for our man Murray .
Burt and Verona encounter the same scenario .
Burt and Verona are basically portrayed as reasonable , smart , fairly stable people who are slightly terrified about the parental tasks awaiting them down the road .
Their journey emerges as a sample tour of different parenting styles that amuse us and terrify them even further .
They start in Phoenix with an old boss of Verona ’s ( Allison Janney ) , a profane alcoholic who treats her chubby children like employees and her anxious husband ( Jim Gaffigan ) like an embarrassing slob .
They then move to Madison , WI where they meet up with Burt ’s childhood chum , L E ( Maggie Gyllenhaal ) , one of those campus feminist types who preaches the virtues of smothering parental love ( she does n’t believe in strollers because they keep you too far away from your kids ) wrapped in a blanket of New Age bullshit .
Next on the trip are Munch ( Melanie Lynskey ) and Tom ( Chris Messina ) , old college friends who have adopted a slew of kids but still harbor the pain of never being able to have their own .
The final stop is with Court ( Paul Schneider ) , Burt ’s brother whose wife has just left him alone with their young daughter whom Court fears will now never have a normal life .
Criticism about this film has been all over the map .
Some have been happy to be swept up by its warm , whimsical tone .
Others have found its perspective about the American parental psyche to be smug and condescending .
A.O. Scott wrote that “ this movie does not like you . ”
My idol Roger Ebert countered with “ maybe it has good reason not to . ”
I would agree that there is a smugness about the film ; the characters of Janney and Gyllenhaal are put forward as dispensable vessels of comedy , but director Sam Mendes also does n’t seem to like them very much , and addresses their parenting strategies with more contempt than he does sympathy or understanding .
Burt and Verona are also tough characters to root for .
They have the gift of always being able to feel slightly better than their surroundings , which allows them to size up and judge every social encounter as they are experiencing it .
This strategy cheapens each episode , as we know they are just doing it as a bit of intelligence gathering for what comes to feel like a class project on parenting .
But this is also a very funny and warm movie .
While Burt and Verona may be smug and convinced of their own superiority , they are also genuinely loving toward one another and their child .
I liked the fact that the movie does n’t conjure up conflict about their relationship ; they are in love and seem likely to stay that way , but are uncertain about how that love will endure in the coming years and how it will change with the arrival of their child .
Krasinski and Rudolph have good chemistry together and even if their characters are n’t inherently likable , they do a good job of making them at least seem likeable .
I ’m in a weird spot because all of the stuff that I so often feel is formulaic and conventional about this type of movie is the same stuff that winds up captivating me .
I mentioned a college radio- centric consideration for the audience ’s musical taste earlier , and this film follows that line , with songs by Alexi Murdoch peppered in throughout .
But I love Alexi Murdoch and that decision works for the film , conjuring up memories of the Cat Stevens ’ songs in Hal Ashby ’s Harold and Maude .
I ’d also be lying if I said that the end of this movie did n’t move me .
I wo n’t give away what happens , but it is one of those endings that reveals something about life that you may not have considered , and makes you hug yourself because you now possess the knowledge .
It is interesting to see Mendes tackle material like this so fast after striking out with Revolutionary Road .
His heart is in this one way more .
It is n’t that much better than his previous film , but he seems to understand the insecurities of these characters better and also likes them a lot more .
I like when big , studio - centric directors make small movies like these .
It gives them a chance to address themes that they might miss on bigger productions .
Mendes hits the mark in some ways with this flick and I would like to see him make more movies that seem this close to his heart , even if they are to atone for the clusterfuck that was Revolutionary Road .
Away We
Go has a lot of good stuff in it , but its similarity to past indie hits makes it hard not to dismiss in some ways .
It ’s a shame that the indie film has developed a formula and a style of its own .
I was happy when these movies were more unpredictable .
That , to me , was the point of them .
But even if it is predictable , there is still good , interesting stuff in it and you still do n’t mind going along for the ride .
I know I do n’t .
I get more out of movies like these than I do most of the stuff on the marketplace .
DAMN IT .
I ’m saying what they want me to say .
I AM IN A GLASS CAGE OF EMOTION !!!!
What Sets Our Law Firm Apart ?
Law firms and attorneys talk a lot about their experience .
The truth is , you will be forming a strong bond with your lawyer over the next several months , as you work toward a full and fair settlement or jury verdict for your injuries or wrongful death claim .
At the personal injury law firm of Ashton & Price , we promise to provide the kind of aggressive and responsive legal representation that you deserve .
Our attorneys have more than 45 years of combined experience , including both negotiations and trials , and have won major settlements and jury awards from many of the nation ’s largest insurance companies .
While we ’re proud of those accomplishments , we know that helping our clients is about more than dealing with insurance companies or filing legal briefs .
We know that you and your family need medical care and emotional support right now too .
Rest assured , we will be here to support you from the first moment you retain us until long after your case has been fully resolved .
In Most Cases , No Medical Insurance , and No Out - Of - Pocket Expenses
Personal injury litigation is our only area of practice .
We handle all matters relating to accident and insurance litigation , ranging from soft tissue injuries to catastrophic loss and wrongful death .
We work with highly qualified medical experts , forensic professionals and investigators in the Sacramento region and elsewhere in northern California .
As our client , you may elect to receive care from leading doctors , surgeons and other medical specialists who are willing to provide the quality health care you need to recover — even if you have no medical insurance * or ca n’t pay any out - of - pocket expenses .
“ We respond promptly to your questions and keep you fully informed at every legal turn .
We have the experience and skills to handle every detail , even in the most complex cases involving multiple insurance carriers . ” — Attorney Chris Price
An Important Member of the Sacramento Legal Community
We have been a part of the Fair Oaks , Citrus Heights and Orangevale business communities since 1996 , and our attorneys have supported important community causes such as the Sacramento Children ’s Home for many years .
We are proud to have earned the prestigious Sacramento Personal Injury Law Firm of the Year Award and to be featured on Good Day Sacramento .
We invite you to learn more about our personal injury work and the lawyers who do it .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK has demanded the immediate release of Iranian staff at its Tehran embassy who were arrested on Saturday .
Iranian media earlier reported that eight local staff at the mission had been detained for their " considerable role " in post-election riots .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband called the arrests " harassment " and dismissed the allegations as baseless .
Relations between the countries are strained after Tehran accused the UK of stoking unrest , which London denies .
Iran has repeatedly accused foreign powers - especially Britain and the US - of stoking the unrest that swept the country after the 12 June election , which handed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a decisive victory .
In the fallout of the crisis , Tehran expelled two British diplomats in the past week , and the UK has responded with a similar measure .
Strained relations
Mr Miliband said about nine employees had been detained in total , but some had been released .
Tehran has blamed the US and UK for post-election unrest " We are still concerned about a number of them who to our knowledge have not been released ...
The numbers are changing hour by hour , " he said on the sidelines of a European security meeting on the Greek island of Corfu .
" The idea that the British Embassy is somehow behind the demonstrations and protests that have been taking place in Tehran in recent weeks is wholly without foundation , " he added .
A strong protest had been made directly to the Iranian authorities , but there had been no response .
Mr Miliband said he would discuss the arrests with his European Union colleagues .
" All European countries have made clear that they want to stand together in standing up for the diplomatic principles that are important for our diplomatic activity all over the world , " he said .
The arrests were first reported by Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency .
" Eight local employees at the British embassy who had a considerable role in recent unrest were taken into custody , " Fars said , without giving a source .
Some 17 people are thought to have died in street protests after the disputed presidential poll , which the opposition complains was rigged .
Poll verdict Meanwhile , Iran 's powerful Guardian Council was due to give its verdict on the result of the disputed presidential election .
Jeremy Bowen
BBC News , Tehran Iran 's response to criticism from abroad of the violent response to the demonstrations has been to blame foreign powers for inciting and orchestrating violence .
Britain has been singled out as the country most responsible for what has happened , aided by the BBC .
On Saturday President Ahmadinejad made a strong speech about what Iran claims has been foreign interference in the election .
He said that his new government would have a more decisive and powerful approach towards the west .
The arrests fit into a pattern of deteriorating relations between Britain and Iran .
Two British diplomats were expelled last week , and the British retaliated by expelling two Iranians from their embassy in London .
It was never certain that would be the end of the matter .
But the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran says there is much politicking taking place behind the scenes , and that the five - day deadline for the Guardian Council to return its verdict may be extended .
Our correspondent says there is an attempt to form a committee - including the disappointed presidential candidates - to oversee the recount of 10 % of the votes , a move which they are resisting .
Another parliamentary committee is holding discussions with the grand ayatollahs in an attempt from pro-Ahmadinejad forces to put on a show of unity , he adds .
But opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has not backed away from his claim that the election result was fraudulent , and has refused to support the Guardian Council 's plan for a partial recount .
Mr Mousavi has been calling for a full re-run of the vote , but said on Saturday that he would accept a review by an independent body .
However the Guardian Council has already defended President Ahmadinejad 's re-election , saying on Friday that the presidential poll was the " healthiest " since the Iranian revolution in 1979 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fishing games are incredibly fun and easy way to have some joy in your life , especially if you are a fishing savvy .
This is why , developers are making new fishing games rapidly , as they aim to satisfy the needs of fishermen and fishing lovers from throughout the world .
Basically , if fishing is your way of life , you are in the right place , at the right website .
Here , we specialize in fun fishing games in general , and we follow the newest fishing games that will give you the most pro fishing experience and feel .
So , if fishing is your love – and you also love playing games , stay with us .
We have some cool and fun things for you .
The Most Realistic and Fun Fishing Video Games
Throughout history , some of the most exciting fishing video games were created for the purpose of satisfying the needs of the hardcore fishing lovers .
These games can be seen as meditative games , as they help people calm , just as fishing does .
So , the better the game – the better the experience and benefits from it .
But , with so many fishing games invented , finding the best ones can be a really time - consuming activity .
This is why , we ’ve done the research , we tried them out , and we present to you the most realistic and fun old and new fishing games :
Hooked !
Real Motion Fishing
This Nintendo
Wii game has a lot to offer for the fishing lover .
Fishing Sim World
Although technically not a really new fishing game , the Fishing Sim World can offer an immerse experience .
Mark Davis Pro Bass Challenge
With incredibly realistic gameplay and graphics , this game deserves all the recognition it receives .
Review on Bass Fishing Pro
The Rapala Bass Fishing
Pro is one of the most exciting and fun fishing games available nowadays .
Although it is n’t a new fishing game , it is still one of the most popular because of the incredible fishing experience it offers .
The graphics are as realistic as possible , and they managed to completely understand how fishing works , and incorporate it in a game .
This game is a great practice for beginner fisherman , and it is as exciting as it gets .
The controls are intuitive , so the game is fairly easy to understand and learn .
However , although the game is easy to learn , it takes time to master it and actually be perfect at it .
The strikes are realistic and the overall game gives you an adrenaline rush .
Try Out Free Online Top New Games
Nowadays , with the development of the internet and smartphones , new fishing games can be accessed pretty easily .
For instance , unlike the olden days where we ’d need to install them and buy the games , now we can access such games online , and these new fishing games are a huge hit amongst audiences .
Even the most popular gaming industry – the legal online casino industry has done its part in developing fishing - themed games , or specifically , fish - themed slots games .
So , if you want to try some of these fish - themed slots games , you can easily access them at legal online casino websites and play them trying to win some real money .
In addition to this , you can also use the benefits from online casinos , like the casino bonuses and try them for free .
The casino bonus you ’ll need for this is the no deposit casino bonus – it allows you to try the slots games for free , all while having a chance to win real money prizes .
You can also get other bonuses like the welcome one , and increase your deposit to play more of the games .
Simply sign up to an online casino website , find the fishing games you find appealing and play on , the fun and joy are guaranteed .
The 10 Best PC Fish Games On Steam
As we mentioned before , numerous game developers invest a lot of money in providing fishing lovers some good fishing games .
This is why , even on the most popular gaming platforms like Steam you can find cool fish games .
But which games should you choose out of all of those ?
We ’ve done the research and we present to you a list of the top 10 , best and most fun fish games on Steam you can play on your PC .
All of these games are incredibly fun and they will surely give you a great fishing experience .
So , try these on :
DOLLAR INDEX , USDX
The US Dollar Index ( USDX ) is an index ( or measure ) of the value of the United States dollar relative to a basket of foreign currencies , often referred to as a basket of US trade partners ' currencies .
These currencies are the Euro ( constituting 57.6 % of the weighting ) , Japanese Yen ( 13.6 % ) , British Pound ( 11.9 % ) , Canadian Dollar ( 9.1 % ) , Swedish Krona ( 4.2 % ) and Swiss Franc ( 3.6 % ) .
The index started in 1973 with a base of 100 , and values since then are relative to this base .
In terms of strategy , the Dollar Index is widely used to hedge risk in the currency markets or to take a position in the US Dollar without having the risk exposure of a single currency pair .
More about the basics of the Dollar index
ASSETS THAT INFLUENCE DOLLAR INDEX THE MOST
Currencies : USD , EUR , JPY and CNY .
USD , EUR , JPY and CNY .
Commodities : Oil , Gold and Natural Gas .
Oil , Gold and Natural Gas. Bonds : T - Bond ( Treasury bond is a marketable , fixed - interest U.S. government debt security ) .
T- Bond ( Treasury bond is a marketable , fixed - interest U.S. government debt security ) .
Indices : S&P500 ( American stock market index based on the market capitalizations of 500 large companies having common stock listed on the NYSE or NASDAQ ) and DOW ( or DJIA , Dow Jones Industrial Average , an index that shows how 30 large publicly owned companies based in the United States have traded during a standard trading session in the stock market ) .
HISTORIC HIGHS AND LOWS FOR DOLLAR INDEX
All - time records : Max : 129.12 on 18/11/1985 - Min : 71.58 on 08/03/2008
Max : 129.12 on 18/11/1985 - Min : 71.58 on 08/03/2008 Last 5 years : Max : 103.82 01/03/2017 - Min : 88.25 on 08/02/2018
* Data as of February 2020
The conventional is that desire precedes sexual arousal .
This works for most men .
Men are often coiled springs of desire and easily aroused .
Men often describe their libido as a drive similar to hunger or thirst .
Twentieth - century sexologists assumed that women 's libido was , if not identical , then similar -- and that if women did n't feel desire , then something was wrong .
Using this reasoning , something would be wrong with one - third of women .
That 's what University of Chicago researchers found in a landmark 1999 survey .
Only 15 percent of male respondents said they felt little or no desire -- and , , diabetes , heart disease , and disabilities were clear predictors .
But 30 percent of women respondents said they lacked libido , usually for no apparent reason .
The Chicago researchers concluded that low libido -- or " hypoactive desire disorder " - - was disturbingly prevalent among women .
The drug companies agree .
They are busily trying to develop pills to boost women 's desire .
But what if desire does not precede arousal ?
That 's what University of British Columbia psychiatrist Rosemary Basson , M.D. , discovered in interviews with hundreds of women .
Contrary to the conventional model , for many women , desire is not the cause of lovemaking , but rather , its result .
" Women , " Basson explains , " often begin sexual experiences feeling sexually neutral . "
But as things heat up , so do they , and they eventually experience desire .
If a substantial proportion of women do n't experience desire before becoming sexual , then drugs and supplements that try to pique it before the fact put the cart before the horse and may be a waste of money .
This new concept of women 's desire explains why Viagra does n't work for most women , and why - boosting herb blends help only some .
These products do not affect desire .
They increase blood flow into the genitals .
Men are always aware of increased genital blood flow .
It 's hard to miss an erection , and it 's only a short step from erection to desire .
But a good deal of research shows that women are often unaware of genital blood engorgement .
" Many women have little awareness of it , " Basson notes .
Even when women are aware it , they often deny feeling aroused .
If so many women do n't experience male - style desire before sex , then why do they make love ?
According to Basson , for reasons that affirm their relationships but are not inherently sexual , wanting to please their lover , feel intimate , prevent strife , or make up after it .
Basson 's model supports an old saying about the difference between men and women :
Men become intimate to have sex .
Women have sex to become intimate .
If many women experience desire as the result of lovemaking , then the critical question becomes not how to ignite their desire before sex , but rather :
What kind of lovemaking arouses women sufficiently to enable them to experience desire ?
According to leading sexologists , the type of sex that fuels desire is leisurely , playful , sensual lovemaking based on whole - body massage that includes the genitals but is not limited to them .
This is the lovestyle that many surveys show women prefer , but often do n't get .
One of women 's main sexual complaints is that men are non-sensual - - too rushed , and too focused on the breasts , genitals , and a quick plunge into intercourse .
Given Basson 's view of women 's desire , this complaint makes perfect sense .
Rushed lovemaking does n't give women the time many need to become aroused enough to experience desire .
Ironically , the sexual style that allows women to experience desire is the same one sex therapists recommend for men who want to cure premature ejaculation and .
In other words , a sensual , massage - based approach to lovemaking is a win-win .
Men 's penises act the way men want .
And women are much more likely to experience desire , and become the enthusiastic lovers that both they and their lovers would like them to be .
The Firefox 3.5 fiasco Thursday , July 9 , 2009
( updated : replaced ' trashing ' with ' thrashing ' as indeed , I meant ' disk thrashing ' ) .
As a Firefox user , I was delighted when Mozilla released Firefox v3.5 .
It was advertised as a new milestone in browsing , with more standards being supported , new engines for javascript and web content rendering and the intarweb would appear to me faster than ever before .
As a person who has a bit of a blind spot for marketing and everything related I was a tad skeptical , but I thought " What the heck ! " .
So I went ahead and downloaded the installer at release day and after fighting with the usual plug - in upgrade mess , I was able to run the browser for the first time and lo ' and behold , the web felt like I was back in 1994 , when no - one but the Real Geeks had web sites and everything was lighting fast .
Live was good .
The next day , with a fresh cup of coffee in my hand I started my beloved Firefox 3.5 browser on my freshly booted system .
I was expecting to see the browser dialog within seconds to re-experience the web at light speed , but nothing happened .
Well , something did happen , my PC 's hard - disk was busy like I was running three virus - scan sessions at the same time .
After 35 seconds or so , it finally managed to find all the bits and pieces it apparently needed and showed me the familiar face of the Firefox browser dialog and I was on my way to the outside world !
Suddenly , a small , screechy voice in the back of my head tried to make a point .
That voice , which sometimes cries through a developer 's head when s/he writes a piece of code which is n't in the format the voice owner likes , at which point it desperately tries to convince you to do something else instead by giving unwanted advice like " Would n't it be better if ... " and other lovely comments no - one wants to hear , that voice made a remark in it 's usual dull way about those 35 - something seconds before the browser really started .
As with similar occasions , I did n't pay much attention to it .
Every Firefox instance I started was lighting fast , and showed up 2 seconds or even faster , it must have been something else which had caused the delay at startup .
I know , it did n't sound very convincing the first time either .
That afternoon , I had no browser window open and started a new one .
Again I was rewarded with a long pause , disk crunching and a blank screen , until 30 - 35 seconds had passed and Firefox 3.5 was awake and ready for duty .
" Hmmm ... " I thought .
Voicy in the back of my head was awake again too , with random babbling about " Told you so " , " I 'm not gonna repeat myself " and similar wisdom , the usual .
Could it be windows or some service caused all this disk thrashing and the delay ?
I more and more got the feeling Voicy was right ( I hate that feeling ) and there was something fishy about all this .
I did n't want to wait 35 seconds every time I started a browser , so I wondered what to do .
Then I realized I was an end -user of this application , this browser .
And what do end - users do ?
That 's right , they go to the support offering of the vendor .
Mozilla has a nice forum system so I searched it a bit to see if fellow Firefox users had similar delays .
Well ... you could say ... yes indeed .
And not only delays of 30 - 40 seconds but some had to wait minutes or even worse : after starting Firefox , it went into a coma and never truly woke up .
Mozilla also found out that more and more people had the same problem and added a sticky thread to their forum .
You can reach it here .
That forum thread revealed what the true cause was of this disk thrashing and delay at startup .
I have to warn you though .
If you 're a developer , your software engineering fire will die a little when you read the true cause and from then on you will have to fight off thoughts of giving up development altogether and apply for a job in marketing or HR .
So what was it , what 's the cause of this slowness ?
It 's NSS .
What ?
The Network Security System .
It turns out that NSS needs to do all kinds of encryption and other security related tasks ( which seems kind of logical ) , and for that it needs random numbers .
Sounds reasonable , right ?
Well , it kind of does .
True random numbers are hard to produce , because in a computer system , nothing is really random , it all is a result of some action which was a result of some action etc. etc .
The clever boys and girls of the NSS team had to crack this problem : how to get ' true ' random numbers which are as random as possible ?
Instead of using the randomization functionality of the underlying operating system ( which has this feature build - in as every TCP stack for example needs it ) , they did what Mozilla in general always does : they re-invented the wheel .
Nothing against re-inventing stuff , do n't get me wrong , not every wheel is as equal as the other one , and you can never have enough good , re-invented , shiny wheels .
Though , the downside of re-inventing wheels is that along the way you can't make mistakes , it has to be better than the previous invented wheels .
No - one wants to use your square new wheel for example .
To solve the problem of the randomization , the NSS team came up with something clever , something so great , that no - one else had ever thought of that before : they decided to read the files in all possible temp folders on disk with multiple threads so these files can be used as seeds for the randomization .
Brilliant .
Temp folders !
Why has n't anyone else thought of using a disk - based resource for random number generation !
I mean , these folders change every couple of milliseconds , have immediate access , no latency to read their contents and are never filled to the brim with useless cruft !
That is , if you 're on the NSS team .
In the outside world , things are a tad different .
You see , Firefox v3.5 reads the Internet Explorer Cache and the central Windows temp folder in your user profile , through its NSS subsystem .
Not only is it , in my humble opinion , not done to read another application 's caches or temp folders , it 's also amazingly ignorant towards the real bottlenecks of our modern computers : hard - drives .
If you 're using a virus - scanner which is set to paranoia mode , this whole temp folder traversal by NSS will be even slower because every file accessed will be scanned by the virus scanner .
Over and over and over again .
And what happens if the user does n't do anything else but browse with Firefox , so these temp folders will not change ( or are empty ) ?
Is n't using file reading the worst way to obtain a seed for randomization ?
I used sysinternals '
Filemon tool to check which folders and files Firefox was reading and along the way I also saw they read all fonts up front .
All of them .
That too seems rather odd for a browser who claims to be the fastest browser .
How many fonts do you need on a random ( pun intended ) webpage ?
Besides the default ones and a few common ones ?
2 , 3 ? Would it hurt anyone if these are read ' on the fly ' ?
Not compared to the delay in startup time for a browser dialog when you have many fonts installed .
NSS is open source , but it 's not something you can fix yourself , unless you compile the browser as well .
The problem is that NSS is a security component and therefore needs to be signed by Mozilla to be used in Firefox .
This means that recompiling the NSS dlls wo n't work , Firefox wo n't accept them ( which is logical , it 's a vital part of the security system , heck it is the security system ! ) .
Though , why should I even bother ?
It 's 2009 , for crying out loud .
After 15 years of web - browser development , the human race should have produced a web - browser by now which is worth using , without silly startup delays which last minutes or even longer .
After all , in this case , I 'm an end -user .
Mozilla on their forum says ' a ' developer is working on a fix and they ' hope ' that this developer is able to fix it .
That 's not sounding very promising to me .
This is a top priority issue , Mozilla , unless you want droves of people drop your browser for the competition .
There 's already a fix available , Firefox v3.0 did n't do this disk thrashing and is able to communicate security over the internet , at least that 's what you always told your users .
In other words : the NSS version in Firefox 3.0 was capable of creating random numbers and doing encryption without the necessity of reading a competing browser 's disk cache nor the OS ' temp folders .
In case you wonder , Mozilla , no , I 'm not going to advice friends and family members to use Firefox 3.5 anymore till this is fixed .
Not that you nor your droves of developers lose any sleep over that , at least I hope not , but with me I 'm pretty sure more people will do the same : move away from Firefox or revert back to an older version and wait with advice to friends and family about Firefox 3.5 .
I 'll revert back to Firefox 3.0 till this is fixed , or move to another browser ( although I find Chrome a bit too much Google in one package ) .
If you 're planning to upgrade to Firefox 3.5 , be aware of the issue I described above and do realize that it's not something you can learn to live with , as the delay will occur randomly ( pun intended ) during the day : sometimes starting a browser is fast , however an hour later it can take again 30 - 40 seconds or longer .
Yes Voicy , I 'll listen to you more .
At least more often .
This collection of pencil art works was created by english illustrator with absolutely mind blowing drawing skills T. S. Abe .
Sketch and pencil art became popular these days .
This style is widely used even in web templates .
For example you can free download and use sketch template for you blog .
The clampdown follows Monday 's show of defiance by opposition supporters Authorities in Iran have announced sweeping new restrictions on foreign media , effectively confining journalists to their offices .
The move comes as the powerful Guardian Council says it is ready to recount some votes from Friday 's disputed presidential poll .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner and thousands of his supporters are rallying in Tehran .
But his rival Mir Hossein Mousavi and other candidates are seeking a rerun .
The BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran says they may not accept the recount offer .
Several people died in a huge pro-opposition rally on Monday and Mr Mousavi urged followers not to take part in another demonstration planned for Tuesday , amid fears of new violence .
" This headquarters calls on people to avoid the trap of planned clashes , " a Mousavi spokesman told AFP news agency .
See map of central Tehran
But there were reports of small groups of opposition supporters gathering nonetheless .
The opposition march had been due to take place in Tehran 's Vali Asr Square at the same time as a demonstration there by supporters of Mr Ahmadinejad .
Thousands of the president 's followers have converged there , some waving the national flag .
Media clampdown
The new restrictions on foreign media require journalists to obtain explicit permission before leaving the office to cover any story .
Journalists have also been banned from attending or reporting on any " unauthorised " demonstration - and it is unclear which if any of the protests are formally authorised .
VOTE RECOUNT Jon Leyne
Reporting from Tehran
I really get the impression that the authorities are swinging back and forth between different policies .
There is definitely indecision in the leadership , maybe even a power struggle there .
Because , frankly , they are simply witnessing the completely unexpected - nobody expected to see possibly millions of people out on Monday , in defiance of all the threats .
The government is so used to putting threats out and frightening people away from demonstrating .
And suddenly this defiance has completely wrong - footed them .
And it scared them , because this is exactly the way they came to power in 1979 .
Press cards have been declared invalid .
Our correspondent says they are the most sweeping restrictions he has ever encountered reporting anywhere .
He says the clampdown comes amid surprise and fear among authorities at the show of defiance by opposition supporters who attended Monday 's huge illegal rally , insisting the vote was rigged .
The Guardian Council - Iran 's top legislative body - said votes would be recounted in areas contested by the losing candidates .
But a spokesman for the council told state television it would not annul the election - as moderate candidates have demanded .
The opposition says millions of ballots may have gone astray .
Hospital officials said eight people died at the end of Monday 's protest , in violence which a report on state radio blamed on " thugs " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dozens of people have been arrested since the protests began .
Mohammad Ali Abtahi , a close aide of ex-President Mohammad Khatami , was detained at his home in Tehran on Tuesday .
Those detained also include prominent journalist and academic Ahmad Zeidabadi .
His wife says he was picked up in the middle of the night on Saturday .
GUARDIAN COUNCIL
Iran 's most powerful body , currently controlled by conservatives Includes six theologians picked by Supreme Leader and six jurists approved by parliament
Half the members change every three years Approves bills passed by parliament and can veto them if deemed inconsistent with the constitution or Islamic law
The council can also bar candidates from standing in elections
Q&A : Who 's who in Iran How Iran is ruled Profile : Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Iranians use video to tell story " There is no explanation from the authorities about why he was arrested or where he is , " she told the BBC .
Meanwhile , Iranian state television said the " main agents " behind the unrest had been detained , and guns and explosives seized .
There are reports of fresh demonstrations at Tehran University - one of the main centres of tension in recent days .
About 120 university lecturers have resigned .
The powerful Speaker of parliament , Ali Larijani , has condemned an attack by police and militia on a student dormitory .
Iranian media quoted him as saying : " The interior minister is responsible in this regard . "
Unrest has been reported in other parts of Iran .
One of Mr Mousavi 's websites said a student had died on Monday in clashes with hardliners in the southern city of Shiraz .
Foreign concern
The authorities ' handling of the protests has drawn international criticism .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
EU foreign ministers expressed " serious concern " and called for an inquiry into the conduct of the election .
US President Barack Obama said he was " deeply troubled " by the violence in Iran .
But the Iranian authorities have bristled over the criticism .
On Tuesday the Iranian foreign ministry summoned the Czech charge ' d'affaires in Tehran to complain over the EU's " rude and interfering " remarks .
Meanwhile , President Ahmadinejad arrived in Russia on Tuesday .
He told a regional summit that the " age of empires " had ended , but made no mention of the protests .
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
If you have any information you would like to share with the BBC you can do so using the form below : Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Back to story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a previous guest post , Edward Gonzales explained his experiences with government spending on an Iraqi community .
In the present essay , Gonzales caters to our requests for more talk of blowing stuff up .
–RPM
===============================
Fighting an Insurgency
by Edward Gonzales
While serving in Iraq I came to the conclusion that a thriving economy did more to fight the insurgency than all the weapons in my arsenal .
To fully explain this I will describe the conditions in the village in which I served , the type of enemy I encountered , the change in tactics we employed , and the results I witnessed .
The Village
When I first arrived in Iraq I had a very simple view of what fighting an insurgency was going to entail .
I would organize combat and reconnaissance patrols , find the insurgents , and kill them .
The reality I experienced was not so simple .
I very rarely saw the bad guys .
Most attacks took the form of Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) , booby traps , snipers , and mortars .
The only time the insurgents openly exposed themselves to us was during suicide attacks .
It was physically and emotionally draining .
Nothing would happen for weeks and then three days of attacks would come with two or three IEDs and booby traps per day and then nothing again .
The anticipation of when the next attack might occur was the most draining .
When the attacks came from snipers , the insurgents placed themselves in populated areas , so if the patrol returned fire and killed the sniper , the chance of killing one or more innocent villagers was highly likely .
After the attacks the insurgents would disappear by blending into the local populace .
The insurgents had this ability because the villagers either supported them or they were too afraid to speak out against them .
I became convinced within a month that “ winning ” in the traditional sense against an insurgency was impossible .
The Enemy
Insurgents fell into one of two categories .
In the first category were the die - hard extremists committed to jihad .
There is no negotiation with this type of insurgent .
They must be fought with weapons and brute force .
We hear a great deal about this type of insurgent from our politicians and the media .
What is not said is that they represent a very small minority of insurgents in Iraq .
In my time in Iraq I captured and questioned dozens of insurgents .
Only one insurgent fell into this category .
The great majority of insurgents I encountered fell into a second category .
They were young men who had been recruited by the extremists .
They certainly had been ingrained with the usual pro jihad , anti American propaganda that I expected , but upon further questioning the reoccurring theme was no money , no hope for the future , and a promised better quality of life once the Americans were thrown out .
I realized that had I gotten to these young men first , I could just have easily recruited them into the Iraqi Army or local police force .
These insurgents did not care about American democracy or Al Qaeda ideals .
They wanted someone to show them a way towards a better life , a life that included a job and a family they had the ability to support .
Al Qaeda in Iraq had convinced these young men that America was the source of all trouble and once the Americans were destroyed Iraq would be a prosperous nation again .
The realization I came to was that as long as there was no hope for a better future , I and any Marine who might replace me would be fighting insurgents forever .
A Change in Tactics
My focus therefore became about providing enough security to let the village be relatively safe but not so much that it stifled trade .
Myself and the Iraqi officers and soldiers patrolled daily and on every patrol we would stop in to see as many shop owners and village elders as we had time for .
I would take ten minutes to have tea with each one and ask if their neighborhood was safe and if business was growing .
I repeatedly told them that our only intentions were to keep them and their families safe .
The security measures that we did put in place were meant to protect and improve trade , not hinder it .
After a few weeks I was on a first name basis with most of them and knew their children .
Within six weeks of this type of patrolling the difference within the village was noticeable .
The people would greet us and let us know if any outsiders had come to the village .
They pointed out the areas and trails they thought might be unsafe and we began to find many more IEDs , booby traps , and weapons caches .
The number of attacks began to drop .
The Effect
I noticed a direct and snowballing correlation between safety and economic conditions .
In a dangerous area the people produced just enough for their survival .
When security was provided against murder and robbery , people began to produce more for trade .
As trade started the area became more safe and production and trade increased again which lead to greater safety .
As production and trade increased and more people came into the village my job became easier , not harder .
The local businessmen gave us all the information we needed to keep insurgents from launching heavy attacks .
There were still dangers and attacks still did happen , but in a village with active trade the locals turned those who did launch attacks into the Iraqi Army or local police force , usually within hours .
Many locals risked their lives on numerous occasions to stop an American or Iraqi patrol from walking into an IED or booby trap in the road .
On another occasion , two men trying to emplace an IED were chased away by the local men all armed with AK - 47 assault rifles .
( In the Al Anbar province men were allowed one assault rifle in their homes for protection .
As a Marine tasked with providing security I was much safer and my job easier with armed locals , but that is another article altogether . )
As these conditions developed young men who had been “ away ” began returning to their family homes .
Some Americans pointed out the danger that many of these young men had probably been insurgents in the past and they were biding their time in order to attack us again at a later date .
I and many of the Iraqi and American officers I worked with disagreed strongly with this assessment .
These were young men who had given up fighting and were moving back in with their families and now were making a go at a peaceful life in their hometowns .
A discussion that I had with an Iraqi Army officer put the situation into perspective for me .
He had fought against the Americans when we first invaded Iraq .
When the Iraqi Army was stood up again he decided that the best way for Iraq to be peaceful and prosperous once again was not to fight the Americans but join the Iraqi Army .
As time passed he believed that more and more young men who were working with Al Qaeda would realize that the insurgent groups were not the way for a better future in Iraq and would quit those groups and return home .
I knew that the insurgency in the village that I was in was defeated when more and more people moved back into the village to go to work on the family farm or work as a fisherman on the river .
There was still an occasional attack , but locals were as committed to stopping the attacks as we were .
The insurgents had lost the support of the locals
Sound economics is so vitally important because young men who have jobs and hope for the future do not join insurgent groups and launch attacks against police and army units .
The dangerous extremists do still exist , but without the support of the local populace these extremists have no young men to recruit and are much easier to hunt down .
A thriving and growing economy does more to combat insurgents than all the weaponry in existence .
Glyn sez , " Buying DRMed content , then having that content stop working later is fair writes Steven Metalitz , the lawyer who represents the MPAA , RIAA in a letter to the top legal advisor at the Copyright Office . "
" We reject the view , " he writes in a letter to the top legal advisor at the Copyright Office , " that copyright owners and their licensees are required to provide consumers with perpetual access to creative works .
No other product or service providers are held to such lofty standards .
No one expects computers or other electronics devices to work properly in perpetuity , and there is no reason that any particular mode of distributing copyrighted works should be required to do so . "
This is , of course , true , but that does n't make it any less weird .
The only reason that such tracks are crippled after authentication servers go down is because of a system that was demanded by content owners and imposed on companies like Wal - Mart and Apple ; buyers who grudgingly bought tracks online because it was easy accepted , but never desired the DRM .
To simply say that they are " out of luck " because they used a system that the rightsholders demanded is the height of callousness to one 's customers .
While computers and electronics devices do break down over time , these music tracks were crippled by design .
I 've got 78 RPM records from my grandparents ' basement that play just fine today — and I 've got Logo programs I wrote in 1979 that I can run today .
I own a piano roll from 1903 that I can play back if I can clear the space for a player piano .
I 've got books printed in the 17th century that can still be read — and if they can't be read , they can be scanned and the scans can be read .
This is what an open format means .
It 's hilarious that the same yahoos who argue for perpetual copyright ( implying that copyrighted works have value forever ) also argue for time - limited ownership ( implying that people who buy copyrighted works should be content to enjoy them for a few weeks or years until the DRM stops working ) .
Remember : when you buy DRM , you really rent , until such time as the DRM company goes bust or changes its mind .
When you buy DRM - free , you get something your great - grandkids can enjoy .
Big Content : ludicrous to expect DRMed music to work forever
( Thanks , Glyn ! )
Even environmentalists acknowledge that the site , in Perry County , is in many ways ideal .
Most of the problems from coal ash , which contains toxins like arsenic and lead that have contaminated the water supply at more than 60 sites nationwide , come from wet , unlined ponds like the one that ruptured in Tennessee .
It is far better , environmentalists say , that the ash should go somewhere like Arrowhead , a dry storage site dug into a nearly impermeable bed known as the Selma chalk , some 600 feet above the water table , lined with clay and polymer and equipped with a leachate collection system to suck up any water that filters through the ash and dislodges contaminants .
Image
The fears include contaminated catfish ponds .
Credit ... Meggan Haller for The New York Times
But in Perry County , a lack of trust has permeated the debate .
Residents said they feared equipment failure , flooding , tornadoes or lack of oversight at the landfill , where the Alabama Department of Environmental Management , whose notably lax regulation of coal ash permits most landfills to use it as a cover material for other waste , will be responsible for enforcement .
Many said they did not believe the assertions by local officials that the ash was perfectly safe , particularly after one councilman insisted , contrary to widely publicized test results that showed dangerous levels of arsenic , that it contained no arsenic whatsoever .
“ I wo n’t feel comfortable , ” wrote W. Compson Sartain , a columnist for The Perry County Herald , “ until I see a delegation from E.P.A. and T.V.A. standing on the courthouse square , each member stirring a heaping spoonful of this coal ash into a glass of Tennessee river water this stuff has already fallen into , and gargling with it . ”
Robert Bamberg , a white catfish farmer and the organizer of Concerned Citizens of Perry County , a biracial group of landfill opponents , said the group had identified 212 residences within 1.5 miles of the site .
“ We ’re being taken advantage of by several groups of powers that be , ” Mr. Bamburg said .
“ There ’s a sense among the population that we ’ve been thrown under the bus . ”
It has proved difficult for the voters to exert their influence .
Even before the coal ash came to town , two pro-landfill commissioners were voted out of office on a tide of anger from residents who felt that the 1,400 - acre project had been shoved through with little public comment .
<
( We all live in a non-inertial frame , a non-inertial frame , a non-inertial frame ! )
To install under Ubuntu :
sudo su echo " deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main # chromium - browser " >
/etc/apt/sources.list.d/chromium.list sudo apt - key adv -- recv-keys -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com 0xfbef0d696de1c72ba5a835fe5a9bf3bb4e5e17b5 sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get install chromium - browser
To enable Flash support :
sudo cp /usr/lib/flashplugin-installer/libflashplayer.so /usr/lib/chromium-browser/plugins
While it used to work with a symbolik link , it does n't anymore , so you will have to copy the libflashplayer .
so in the /usr / lib / chromium - browser / plugins folder when an update is available .
Then , you must run Chromium like this :
chromium - browser -- enable - plugins
For extensions AND plugins : start browser with the following :
chromium - browser -- enable - greasemonkey --enable-user- scripts --enable - extensions --enable - plugins
While it used to work with a symbolik link , it does n't anymore , so you will have to copy the libflashplayer .
so in the /usr / lib / chromium - browser / plugins folder when an update is available .
start browser with the following :
Though you can now enable Flash on Google Chrome for Mac , the Linux version still does n't have support .
However , if you 're willing to run Chromium instead of the official Google build , you 're in luck .
Using the current version of Chromium from Launchpad , adding Flash to the speedy browser is a breeze .
H3g3m0n posted a tutorial on how to enable Flash in Chromium but that post is outdated and some more tweaking needs to be done for this to work :
It seems that when the law was changed in the U.S. to ban the use of rendered animal parts in animal feed , cattle producers looked around for other low cost feeds and that ’s when they discovered chicken manure .
( see CNN story at the end of this post . ) .
Thanks to Gaille for sending this NFU commentary our way :
Are we eating American beef raised on chicken manure ?
A commentary on behalf of the National Farmers Union Ontario
By Grant Robertson
When you think of cattle feed very few of us probably imagine chicken manure .
Certainly it would be the last thing that would enter the mind of most of us from farmers to eaters .
Some time ago the NFU was approached about the possible practice of feeding chicken litter to cattle in the United States , and potentially in other nations that export their beef to Canada .
I say possible because it is really difficult for a farm organization in Canada to nail down what exactly is happening with this issue .
Having spent a great deal of personal time trying to research this issue it has proven impossible to find the ‘ smoking gun ’ of how wide spread this practice is .
Frankly it is going to take an enterprising news agency or journalist to follow this issue further .
At this point it is hard to know where the truth really lies .
Here ’s what we do know .
Canada has banned this practice .
The United States has not banned the practice of feeding chicken manure to cattle – quite the opposite in fact .
You can find the following recommendation from the University of West Virginia ( as an example ) on the web by simply Googling ‘ feeding chicken litter ’ :
“ Alternative Roughages
The following rations are based on free choice feeding and is adequate for both dry and lactating cows .
Because chicken litter is high in minerals , no salt or minerals need to be fed with this ration .
70 % chicken litter
30 % hay ”
There are of course many concerns associated with eating beef fed on chicken ‘ crap ’ .
The more we learn about disease transfer – such as influenza viruses , the more we realize how at risk we are in our modern world .
Chicken feed has as one of its ingredients cattle in the form of crude protein from meat and bone meal .
In Canada we have banned the use of specified risk materials from all animal feed .
However , in the United States this is not the case .
While the FDA was on track to enact a ban on April 27th this has been delayed until at least June 26th and the American beef industry is asking for further delays .
So let ’s step back and think about this for a second .
It is a practice in the United States to feed chicken litter ( manure ) to cattle .
SRMs – which have been connected to Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE ) could conceivably be finding itself into the scattered feed in chicken litter .
American cattle are potentially eating feed that could potentially be a link to BSE .
That beef is potentially coming into Canada – and we Canadians do not want to seem to say – “ uh is n’t something a bit odd here ? ”
It seems more than likely that many of the other countries that are exporting beef to Canada , either in processed food or in straight forward cuts of beef may also be engaged in this practice .
As an eater I am shocked that a practice that could conceivably link our food directly to a variety of diseases being given a pass at our borders .
It is equally shocking to consider the other nasty surprises that might be found in food that uses manure as a feed source .
An organization like the NFU , or any farm organization really , simply does not have the resources to follow up on an issue like this .
It is alarming to think we may all be inadvertently being exposed to this risk by the ignorance - wilful or otherwise - of our government .
The NFU is hopeful that others with the resources necessary to follow the data will take up the challenge of either reassuring us this feeding chicken litter to cattle in America is not as widespread as it seems , or to expose this practice for the dangerous and foolish risk it is .
Grant Robertson is the senior elected official with the National Farmers Union - Ontario .
As Ontario Coordinator Robertson is also a National Board Member of the NFU .
Grant and his family farm near Paisley , Ontario .
The author can be contacted at grant@bmts.com
Website for the National Farmers Union in Ontario
And here ’s a related story from CNN from 1997 : “ Are Humans endangered if cattle dine on chicken manure “ .
Here are some excerpts :
“ …. Increasingly , American cattle farmers feed their herds chicken manure , which health officials warn could contain dangerous bacteria that ends up in ground meat eaten by humans , the magazine reports in its September 1 issue .
The waste that is mixed with livestock feed is a less expensive alternative to using grains and hay .
The practice is increasingly being used by cattle farmers in regions where there are large poultry operations — and thus a ready supply of cheap manure — such as California , the South and the mid-Atlantic states .
The U.S. News article cites as an example Dardanelle , Arkansas , farmer Lamar Carter , who recently bought 745 tons of manure from local chicken houses to feed his 800 head of cattle .
“ My cows are as fat as butterballs , ” Carter said .
“ If I did n’t have chicken litter , I ’d have to sell half my herd .
Other feed ’s too expensive . ” … ”
“ … Chicken manure often contains campylobacteria and salmonella bacteria , which can make humans sick .
Intestinal parasites , veterinary drug residues and heavy toxic metals such as arsenic , lead , cadmium and mercury are also often present in the waste , the article says .
The article points to a scientific study , soon to be published in the journal Preventive Medicine , that warns about the potential dangers of recycling chicken waste by feeding it to cattle .
“ Feeding manure that has not been properly processed is supercharging the cattle feces with pathogens likely to cause disease in consumers , ” Dr. Neal Barnard , author of the study , warns in the U.S. News article .
While it may sound distasteful , this can be safe if the manure is heated to 160 degrees to kill the bacteria .
But , the study says many farmers do n’t take that precaution .
There are no accurate statistics on how common the practice of feeding chicken manure to cattle is , the magazine report says , but with a recent ban on the use of slaughterhouse byproducts — imposed because of the “ mad cow ” disease scare — there is a shortage of cattle feed filler .
Until the ban , about 75 percent of the 90 million cattle in the United States were fed slaughterhouse wastes that included blood , bones and viscera .
Millions of euthanized cats and dogs , collected from veterinarians and animal shelters , have long been rendered into livestock feed each year , the article says . ”
Picture below from Down With Tyranny blog :
Read this story in what looks like it might be the original version .
The Federal Employees Health Benefits ( FEHB ) Program
The FEHB Program can help you and your family meet your health care needs .
Federal employees , retirees and their survivors enjoy the widest selection of health plans in the country .
You can choose from among Consumer - Driven and High Deductible plans that offer catastrophic risk protection with higher deductibles , health savings / reimbursable accounts and lower premiums , or Fee - for - Service ( FFS ) plans , and their Preferred Provider Organizations ( PPO ) , or Health Maintenance Organizations ( HMO ) if you live ( or sometimes if you work ) within the area serviced by the plan .
Use this site to compare the costs , benefits , and features of different plans .
We chose the different benefit categories based on enrollee requests , differences among plans , and simplicity .
However , we urge you to consider the total benefit package , in addition to service and cost , and provider availability when choosing a health plan .
The FEHB plan brochures show you what services and supplies are covered and the level of coverage .
Review the brochures carefully .
The brochures are formatted to ensure they are all organized alike .
You can get brochures from the health plans or your human resource office .
When it comes to your health care , the best surprise is no surprise .
Pharmacy Incentive Programs and FEHB
OPM does not prohibit FEHB members from participating in pharmacy - sponsored incentive or pharmaceutical company co-pay reimbursement programs , and we are unaware of any Federal laws restricting participation .
Enrollees in other Federal Programs such as Medicare and Medicaid are statutorily prohibited from participating in pharmacy incentive programs under section 1320a - 7b of title 42 , United States Code ( “ the Anti-Kickback Act ) .
However , the FEHB Program is exempt from the application of this provision .
OPM does not have authority over promotional incentive programs retail pharmacies choose to offer customers , and OPM cannot direct retail pharmacies to provide the incentives to FEHB Program members .
We are working with FEHB Program plans to remove any restrictions .
Back to top
A man passes by the entrance to the Church of Scientology in Paris May 25,2009 .
REUTERS / Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS ( Reuters ) - A French prosecutor on Monday recommended a Paris court should dissolve the Church of Scientology ’s French branch when it rules on charges of fraud against the organization .
Registered as a religion in the United States , with celebrity members such as actors Tom Cruise and John Travolta , Scientology enjoys no such legal protection in France , where it has faced repeated accusations of being a money - making cult .
The Church ’s Paris headquarters and bookshop are defendants in a fraud trial that began on May 25 .
Summing up her views on the case , state prosecutor Maud Coujard urged the court to return a guilty verdict and dissolve the organization in France .
The Church of Scientology denies the fraud charges and says the case against it violates freedom of religion .
A ruling is expected within months .
French state prosecutors had previously resisted the idea of an outright dissolution of Scientology in the country .
If the court follows the prosecutor ’s recommendation , Scientology could appeal and the verdict would be suspended .
The trial centers on complaints made in the late 1990s by two former members who spent huge sums on Scientology courses and “ purification ” sessions .
WASHINGTON - Labor Secretary Hilda Solis , chairwoman of the federal agency that insures the pensions of 44 million Americans , has urged its board to suspend a controversial strategy under which the majority of a $ 64 billion investment fund was to be shifted out of bonds and into riskier stocks , according to documents obtained by the Globe .
( Full article : 933 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It is a bank , but not as you know it .
Yes , it has electronic security doors .
Yes , there are cameras watching every angle .
And , Yes , barbed wire surrounds the perimeter .
But in this bank , you do not see any cash or diamonds .
Instead , the deposits here have a different kind of value .
So valuable that , just like other banks , it has been robbed .
Three times .
And what is in this vault ?
Parmesan cheese .
Lots and lots of it - 300,000 blocks or " wheels " of Parmigiano - Reggiano cheese , to be precise , stored on giant shelves .
Prince of a cheese Parmigianino Reggiano is the prince of Parmesans .
It is why all the cheese here is worth about $ 200 m ( £ 122 m ) .
" It 's like gold , " says Alfredo Germini from Credito Emiliano , or Credem , the bank in northern Italy that owns and runs the vault .
As far as Alfredo Germini is concerned , cheese is like gold
The bank is sitting on this pile of Parmesan for a purpose - it is running a cash - for - cheese loan scheme .
In simple terms , it will take the cheese from local Parmesan makers in exchange for a cheap loan .
The bank charges interest at about 3 % and a fee for looking after the Parmesan in its air - conditioned , humidified vault .
In return , the cheese maker gets his hands on bank funds to see him through the long period it takes for the cheese to age and be ready for market , but a time during which he still has to pay wages and other bills .
If the cheese producer defaults on the loan , the bank has the cheese to sell .
" We help finance the Parmesan cheese makers because their cheese takes two years before it is ready for sale , " says Credem 's Alfredo Germini .
" That gives them a cash flow problem .
So we take their cheese in return for a cheap loan . "
Barter system Credem has been doing this for about 50 years , as its way of helping sustain local agriculture .
It is a kind of one - way barter system of bygone days that still works today .
The only collateral Giovanni Gualdi can offer a bank is the cheese he makes
In the past few years , with economic pressures on the cheese makers , it has come into its own .
Giovanni Gualdi is 71 .
Just like his father before him , he has been a Parmesan producer all his life .
He has a herd of cattle to feed , and staff to pay .
As he waits for his cheeses to be ready , he needs a special kind of loan .
For him , the only collateral he can offer a bank is his cheese .
So he hands over about 1,000 wheels of Parmesan a month and gets his loan with which to carry on his business .
Giovanni said : " It has been a difficult five years .
The market has been very bad .
Businesses here have spent money , so they rely on the loans , otherwise they would shut . "
In fact , in the past five years , more than 100 makers of Parmigiano - Reggiano have closed down .
Creative financing Giovanni keeps going .
Making cheese is a slow , laborious process
In his cheese making rooms , hundreds of the round yellow wheels of Parmesan bob up and down in huge baths of salt water .
Later they are dried , stored and stamped with a branding iron before being sent to the bank .
It is a slow , laborious process , one that has not changed in centuries .
Next time you are sprinkling delicious , crumbly , Parmesan on your pasta , it might be worth remembering it may only be there because of a creative form of financing for those who make it .
A highly specialist cheese backed by a bank that takes a mature attitude to lending .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most Iraqis Want Quick US Withdrawal
The phased U.S. military withdrawal from Iraq ca n’t come soon enough for many Iraqis who blame the American - led invasion in 2003 for the massive loss of life and the devastation of their country .
Email Mike Tharp , executive editor of the Merced Sun -Star who is working out of the McClatchy Newspapers ’ Baghdad Bureau , said the evidence he ’s seen indicates that despite concerns about security , most Iraqis want U.S. forces out as soon as possible .
( The story summary continues below . )
More at The Real News
Tharp said about the Iraqis ’ view , " They 've seen the last six years as an occupation , not as bringing freedom and democracy to Iraq , but instead the loss of tens of thousands of Iraqi lives as well as over 4,300 American troop losses , a trillion dollars spent by the U.S.
I do n't know what estimates are being put on the damage done to the Iraqi society and economy , but it 's incalculable . "
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said he wants to engage President Obama in " negotiations " before international media , a semi-official Iranian news outlet reported on Saturday .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election last month sparked global protests and unrest in Iran .
Speaking at a meeting of medical school deans , Ahmadinejad said Iran " will soon pursue a new round of diplomatic activity " amid a new position of strength for the Iranian government , the Iranian Student News Agency quotes him as saying .
" I will go to the United Nations and will invite Obama to negotiations , " Ahmadinejad said , adding that such talks would be " in front of the international media , not a sit - down behind closed doors in order to talk about matters . "
The Obama administration has sought dialogue with Iran but also criticized the government for its handling of unrest after disputed presidential elections .
Last week , Obama said Iran 's government must justify itself not in the eyes of the United States , but in the opinion of its own people .
" A sizable percentage of the Iranian people themselves ... consider this election illegitimate , " he said at a White House news conference .
" It is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and prosperity . "
Initially , Obama was criticized by Republicans such as Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina for taking a " timid and passive " tone in speaking out against the growing wave of arrests , violence and deaths of pro-democracy activists .
Ahmadinejad said he wants others to stop " meddling " in the internal affairs of Iran .
Iranian officials , including Ahmadinejad , claimed nations such as the United States and Britain have meddled in Iranian affairs .
Last week , Ahmadinejad said officials were " astonished " over what they called meddling and warned of repercussions if meddling continues .
" Did n't he [ Obama ] say that he was after change ? "
Ahmadinejad asked Iranian judiciary officials in a speech last week .
" Why did he interfere ?
Why did he utter remarks irrespective of norms and decorum ? "
" They keep saying that they want to hold talks with Iran , " Ahmadinejad said .
" All right , we have expressed our readiness as well .
But is this the correct way [ for holding talks ] ? "
Meanwhile , two major political figures have been meeting family members of those detained amid post-election unrest .
One was former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani -- chief of the Expediency Council and supporter of opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi , according to the semi-official Iranian Labor News Agency .
The other was Mehdi Karrubi , one of the opposition candidates , who reportedly paid visits to families of political detainees , according to the Etemad - e - Melli , Karrubi 's newspaper .
Meanwhile , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported that 20 people between the ages of 35 to 48 were executed in Iran on Saturday for " buying , selling and holding heroin , cocaine and opium . "
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Barack Obama • Iran
The 2010 Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund was not funded by the US House of Representatives in the Commerce , Justice , Science appropriations bill .
Â President Obama had called for $ 50 million to aid restoring the species , but Congressman Doc Hastings ’ ( R - WA ) amendment was rejected by House Democrats .
Â
Funding for salmon recovery was not eliminated entirely , but the money will be transferred to a “ broad , nationwide , federal - agency - driven recovery program that dilutes salmon dollars to any project of any sort anywhere in the country , including salmon that arenâ€™t endangered or at risk . ”
Photo by biskuit
After a second consecutive canceled commercial salmon season in California and a third year of drought , west coast salmon are on the brink .
The Salmon Recovery Fund provides grants to tribes and states for “ recovering endangered , threatened , at - risk and important tribal salmon runs , including through habitat conservation . ” Â Representative Hastings explains why funding the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund is so important :
The Recovery Fund has earned bipartisan support for almost a decade due to its on - the - ground focus by allocating funds directly to states …
It simply makes no sense to eliminate a successful grants - to - states program with bipartisan support and steal the funds away for a new , hollow nationwide program that places no emphasis or value on endangered Northwest salmon over thriving fish runs elsewhere .
Â
My blocked amendment sought simply to support the Obama Administration position on funding Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery and rejecting its elimination .
The US Senate may come to the rescue of the Salmon Recovery Fund .
Â Senator Patty Murray ( D - WA ) “ included $ 80 million for the salmon fund in the fiscal year 2010 Senate Commerce , Justice , and Science Appropriations Bill .
” Â Senator Murray explains :
When it comes to salmon recovery , ignoring the specific needs of the Northwest is unacceptable .
Our region ’s economic , historic , cultural and recreational well - being is tied to a sustainable salmon population .
Representative Hastings has applauded her efforts , “ I appreciate Senator Murray ’s strong leadership on this issue and applaud her successful efforts to restore funds needed to protect endangered Pacific Northwest salmon . ” Â With Obama ’s support , the Salmon Recovery Fund may still provide vital funds to this important fishery .
Â
If we can bail out the banks , ca n’t we bail out the salmon ?
Last year , I was sitting in a lecture hall in Kyoto Seika university , I believe at a guest lecture Takekuma Kentaro was giving , when the speaker mentioned a radio show that featured anime director Mamoru Oshii grilling Ghibli producer Suzuki Toshio on Ponyo .
I forgot about it for a bit , until all the buzz about the US release of Ponyo started heating up .
I soon discovered that the radio show this conversation took place on , Suzuki Toshio no Ghibli Asemamire was available for free online !
The episode in question is the August 2008 broadcast , “ Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea vs The Sky Crawlers . ’
An mp3 was available for download on the site from here ( next to 2008 / 8/12 ) , and I also discovered a unofficial transcript of the conversation on this blog , so I used these resources to create an unauthorized fan translation of this radio show .
If you can , I suggest listening to the radio show alongside the transcript in order to hear more of the emotion in their voices , but that is obviously optional .
A dvd of over 40 hours of the radio show is also available for purchase .
The often - heated but always - friendly conversation touches a number of subjects , from Ponyo and The Sky Crawlers , to the state of the Japanese animation industry and the fate of hand - drawn animation .
I hope you find it as interesting as I found it , and as usual , please do n’t hesitate to contact me through comments or email with any corrections , suggestions , or questions .
Also , if you are a rights holder of any of the materials that I have translated and would like the material taken down , again , please contact me through the email address found on the sidebar .
Suzuki :
Have you seen [ the new ]
Indiana Jones ?
Oshii : No .
S : You should see it .
Basically , it ’s present - day Harrison Ford playing Indiana Jones , and about his grown - up son that he had when he was messing around with women in the past , right ?
So , I was wondering , why is it that everyone ’s making movies these days about parents and children ?
Look , Miya - san is doing it , you ’re doing it …
If I wanted to sound like a critic , I ’d look at you three and say that what ’s interesting is that your movies are in the sky and in the ocean …
They ’re in unexplored territory .
O : That ’s right .
S : So then , what ’s here and now does n’t matter to you .
That ’s what I found interesting .
Do n’t you think ?
O : That ’s standard , patented Suzuki Toshio sophistry of the highest order .
All : ( Bursts out laughing )
O : Tell me what you personally found interesting , okay ?
S : I was just thinking .
It was a thought .
O : A thought ?
Is n’t it obvious that someone getting older is going to make stories about parents and children ?
S : Yes , that ’s exactly it !
Miya - san is 67 , right ?
And Spielberg is 62 , 63 ?
O : Around 63 .
S : Right ?
And Oshii - san , you ’re 58 ?
O : 57 !
( laughter )
Staff :
So that one gets a rise out of him !
( laughter )
S : So , all of you are working with the same theme , you see ?
The details between each film might be different , of course .
But still , it surprised me .
And what I was thinking was , whether your stories are in the sky , or in the ocean , or in uncharted lands , they ’re all the same thing .
They ’re all about the afterlife .
O : Well , that ’s inevitable .
S : Huh ?
O : If you ’re older than 50 and making movies that do n’t deal with the afterlife in some way , something ’s off about you .
S : Yes , yes , yes .
( Impressed )
O : I saw Ponyo the other day and figured something out .
I realized , “ Oh , Suzuki Toshio had absolutely nothing to do with this movie , ” and I was certain about it .
Staff : Absolutely nothing ?
( strained laughter )
O : That was a 100 percent Miya - san movie .
S : Well , it really is Miya - san ’s movie .
O : The movie was 100 percent made by Miya - san .
S : Yes , that ’s correct .
O : You did n’t lay a single finger on it .
Or maybe you were n’t allowed to , I bet .
That ’s why it is n’t a complete film .
What that means is that for all of Miya - san ’s movies up until now , the only reason that they were real movies was because Toshio Suzuki was right there , or because Takahata Isao was right there .
S : Hm .
O : There was n’t someone supervising this one to bring it all together as a film , this time .
S : Ah ( impressed )
O : It ’s a flight of fancy .
I ’ll keep going , and say that the movie is an explosion of desires , right ?
It ’s a recovery film , is n’t it ?
S : Was Ponyo bad ?
O : Huh ?
What about it ?
S : Was the movie no good ?
O : No , it was interesting to watch .
What I mean by that is that Miya - san ’s wild ideas are interesting to watch .
The problem is that it was n’t a real movie .
It was n’t put together like a proper movie .
Not one bit .
S : You do n’t have to say it so many times ( laughs ) .
O : That ’s how it is !
( laughs )
S : Why do you keep saying that !
( laughs )
O : Because it ’s true !
( laughs )
S : Ca n’t you at least candy coat it a little ?
( laughs )
O : The movie did n’t explain anything about Fujimoto .
Staff : ( strained laughter )
That ’s true …
O : Nothing at all .
S : Fujimoto …
He ’s very similar to you , Oshii -san .
O : How exactly is that ?
S : You ’re doing well , are n’t you Oshii - san ?
O : Hm ?
S : You ’re energetic .
O : I am .
I feel like I ’m full of energy , physically and mentally .
S : The Sky Crawlers was an interesting movie .
All : ( laughs )
O : I came here for just one reason .
I wanted to ask you why you neglected this movie !
Staff :
So that ’s his theme for today ( laugh )
O : Did you get sick of it ?
S : No , no no no .
O : What was it ?
S : It really is about Miya - san ’s mental state .
O : Miya - san is n’t listening to what anyone says anymore , is he ?
S : Listen , Miya - san ’s mental state …
He had this curse hanging over him called Takahata Isao , right ?
He worked with the man for 15 years .
But even after that , he followed him around like a ghost .
O : Yes , and -
S : But one of Miya - san ’s big themes in his movies is how he can get away from all of that , right ?
O : Well , the way I see it , at least in some small part , he acknowledged that his movies needed Suzuki Toshio ’s logic , or Takahata Isao ’s boasting .
Up until a certain time .
Probably .
S : Yes .
O : Even if he does n’t want to admit it .
In the end , it was something he needed .
So what he wanted to do was to remove those things , make a movie , and see what happened .
That ’s why I ’m saying , I acknowledge that he is a wonderful creator of delusions .
The most incredible delusions in Japan , no , the world .
That ’s apparent .
S : That was the idea .
O : Mhm .
S : So basically , what he wanted to do was to draw up everything that he thought of , and then make a movie out of that .
You know what I mean ?
O : But you see , you ca n’t make a film out of that .
Each individual delusion was incredibly interesting .
They ’re all just overflowing with expressiveness .
The first ten minutes were flawless .
You know the scene where she surfaces while riding the jellyfish ?
I thought that the sequence was really good .
So like I said , each individual scene is entrancing .
S : So , it ’s just like you pointed out : we wanted to animate our delusions .
O : Uh huh .
Why did the mom come back to the house ?
S : Huh ?
O : That mom , what reason is there for her to come back to the house ?
S : Come back to the house ?
O : Yeah .
After she goes back to the house , she returns again to the Sunflower Garden .
S : Ohh …
O : So what I want to say is , why did n’t she stay at the Sunflower Garden the whole time ?
S : Well , that ’s because –
O : What reason did she have for going back home ?
S : Well , we wanted to have her interact with Ponyo and Sousuke .
All : ( Laughter )
O : What I ’m trying to ask is what reason within the world of the movie is there for her to go back ?
( Laughter )
S : Like I ’m saying -
O : A scene with no motivation at all should n’t sit well with people .
But even so , people are entranced by the scene , and that ’s because of the overwhelming expressive power that the movie has .
S : And that ’s the kind of work that we wanted to make .
O : Huh ?
S : A movie like that .
O : Well , your movies having themes are a thing of the far past .
S : You ’re right in saying that we wanted to make a movie with no real structure .
O : It ’s not that you ’re trying to make movies with no sense of structure –
S : I ’ll admit it , that ’s what we did .
So what all of this means is that the person giving structure to our movies was Takahata - san .
O : Yeah .
S : That means that as long as our movies have any structure , Miya - san will never be able to separate himself from Takahata - san .
O : And that ’s whats odd here .
That .
S : Well I ’m not sure if that ’s something odd or not ( laughs )
O : He could just give the film structure himself , though .
S : Right .
And that ’s why it surprised me .
Normally in Miya - san ’s movies , there ’s a main character , and you follow that character around and discover all these different things with them .
It brings the viewer in to the world .
It ’s like a mystery movie .
But this time , we follow a lot of different characters around , right ?
When you think that it ’s a story about Ponyo , you switch over to Sousuke .
When you think you ’re following Sousuke around , Fujimoto makes an appearance .
A lot of people appear in the movie , but it ’s not the kind of movie where you ’re brought into the world by learning about things alongside the characters .
Staff : Yeah .
S : So normally , in a movie like that , you begin by explaining things to the viewer , like what ’s going on , and about the place where things are happening .
After that , you go to each separate actor and they do their parts .
That ’s standard , right ?
O : Yeah .
S : See , Ponyo does n’t do that .
Staff : ( Laughter )
S : Oshii -san , your movie is a departure from your normal works , too .
O : What about it ?
I was intentionally trying to make something unlike my old movies .
S : This time , there is n’t much dialogue , is there ?
Staff :
That ’s right , there is n’t that much .
O : I made it that way .
S : There is n’t much .
I wonder what changes took place in your mind for that to happen .
O : Well , that ’s because I want to show people something different with this movie .
Staff :
Well , Oshii - san , this time you ’ve made a romance movie , and the romance –this might be because of the original script , but –the main characters are children who do n’t age .
So after seeing you make a romance movie about children , it made me wonder …
O : You know , wherever animation goes , it ’s still going to be a medium of symbols .
That ’s for sure .
S : Yeah .
But in a way , did n’t it look in some ways like a bunraku play ( Japanese puppet theatre ) ?
Staff : Well , the characters ’ expressions themselves were n’t particularly expressive .
S : So characters like that , moving in the way that they do–never mind the artistic nature of it –you can tell that some person is directing their actions and moving their bodies .
It ’s a bunraku play .
Staff : ( Impressed )
O : The thing that makes bunraku what it is is that depending on what angle you see the characters from , you see different expressions .
It ’s the same in noh and other traditions , and it ’s part of Japanese artistic tradition .
S : Yes , and the movie was extremely Japanese , is what I ’m getting at .
O : Expression through form alone is part of Japan ’s– well , the Japanese sense of aesthetics .
A kind of privileged type of expression .
Expression not conveyed by movement or performance , but expression through form .
Staff : But , well , this is a personal opinion , but having no opening exposition in the movie , and just simply showing a gathering of people reading the newspaper , just drinking beer , or smoking …
It felt to me like what you were doing there was making it so that the youth of today watching the movie could understand them and their world just through a natural extension of their own personal feelings .
S : I can see that .
O : That ’s true .
S : That ’s something that interested me .
Each individual character , well , they speak , right ?
Expressionlessly .
Then there ’s a cut , and your hand moves them .
They touch their hair , or they turn a little .
Every time , there ’s something like that .
I was wondering what would happen if you were to take those parts out ( laughter ) .
O : If you took those out , the film would be empty .
Staff : Ah .
O : I just wanted to create an expression of the time itself that young people today live in .
S : Oshii Mamoru making a love story .
Have you fallen in love ?
Staff : ( Laughter )
O : Yes , I have before !
( Strained laughter )
S : No , no , I mean recently .
( laughter )
O : Stay out of my business !
( laughter )
Staff : ( Erupts in laughter )
S : Love in old age ?
That ’s what it felt like to me .
O : Well , love in old age is ,
S : Well it ’s not just that phrase alone , but –
O : Love in old age allows you to expose the essence of love itself .
The older you get , you know –
S : No , I found it interesting .
Really .
O : The older you get , the more you cling to sei ( 性 , sex ) .
Both the “ life ” part of it ( 生 , the right side of the kanji , meaning “ life ” or “ living ” ) and the left heart radical .
( 心 , the kanji for heart / mind ) .
That ’s what it ’s about .
Staff : Hmmm …( Thinking deeply )
O : Normally us old men do n’t have any art through which we can express this , and that ’s why so many people run off to pay schoolgirls to have sex with them .
To put it bluntly , you start to take an interest in women .
S : Right , right , right , right .
O : That ’s what it is .
S : Ah… ( Impressed )
O : It ’s like what Ootsuka - san said a while back , remember ?
When we were drinking with Ootsuka - san and Miya - san , Miya - san went to the bathroom and Ootsuka - san said “ Well , once Miya - san breaks 60 , something incredible might happen .
It ’d be wild if he started going mad about women ! ” .
Staff : ( Erupts in laughter )
O : He was saying it like he was wishing that it would happen .
It was clear .
S : Hmm …
O : Out of everyone there , Ootsuka - san would be the most disinterested , the most indifferent about that kind of thing .
S : Ahh …
O : But he sees what he sees .
I thought the same thing .
But Miya - san does n’t have the guts for that kind of thing .
Staff : ( Laughter )
O : And his wife is scary ( Laughs ) , real scary .
So he ’d never actually do something like that in reality , but he brings all his feelings and thoughts that would make him a John and puts it all into the world of animation .
It ’s - I ’m sure that all of that went into those plants , and those jellyfish , and the marine life .
S : Yes yes yes yes .
It comes out looking like that , but it ’s about old age !
( Laughs )
O : That ’s right .
All of that , whether it ’s the jellyfish , the fish , or the 5 year old girls , that ’s all an old man ’s world .
I mean , throughout that whole movie , you only see children and the elderly .
There ’s the mom and the dad , but other than them …
Where are all the other adults ?
S : Good old Mamoru Oshii .
What ’s interesting about you , Oshii - san , is that a person as logical and theoretical as you was still looking at the art .
It ’s because you ’re looking at the art .
To be totally honest with you , at first , what surprised me the most when I was looking at the rushes was that car scene .
A character licks their ice cream , then the car shows up in front of you , right ?
Then the steering wheel gets jerked left .
What surprised me was how there was no intensity at all there .
Staff : ( Laughs )
S : It really surprised me .
I thought “ Huh ? Okay , now what ! ? ”
I felt the same way about the story .
There ’s all that screaming , Lisa ! Lisa ! Lisa ! , and all these things happen and you think “ Okay , now … ” but then all of a sudden everything just gets resolved , right ?
There ’s lots of moments like that in the movie .
So , that ’s the flight of fancy , right ?
We just get setups , bam , bam , bam , bam .
O : I especially felt like that during the scene with the jellyfish .
Those jellyfish were so good .
S : Yeah , they were .
O : It shocked me .
S : Tanaka Nacchan did those .
( Naoya Tanaka , art director and background artist for Ghibli )
O : When I saw those jellyfish ,
S : They ’re absurdly good .
O : See , that ’s –
S : That one cut was around 1600 frames .
1600 .
O : I saw the jellyfish and the fish fluttering around , and Ponyo ’s little sisters fluttering around , and thought , “ Ah , so this is the world that he ’s in now . ”
Staff :
So for example , Oshii - san , when you were making Innocence , that was all in a world of dolls , but now you ’ve moved yourself to a world of humans .
Is that similar ?
S : Well , you know , it ’s cause he ’s getting old .
Staff : ( Laughter ) I do n’t –
S : Humans and dolls , or humans and dogs , and so on … you had to do that , right ?
That had turned into your trademark style .
And clinging to a style like that is something that you do when you ’re young .
Staff : Ahh… ( Impressed )
S : That ’s what it means .
But now , the moment that he starts working with just humans , it ’s like the moment that Oshii Mamoru … how do I put it ?
The moment he stepped on his fumi-e ( a tablet that bore Christian images that suspected Christians in Edo Japan were forced to step on , in order to prove their non-faith . )
Staff : His own fumi-e… ?
S : Right , right , right .
It ’s a part of old age .
So if you ’ll allow me to keep going , this is connected to what I said in the beginning of the talk about Indiana Jones .
I saw these three movies and kept returning to the same place , thinking the same thing .
What kind of movies do young people today make ?
And what do young people today think about the movies that old folks like us are making ?
But you know , to be honest , I of course said this about Ponyo and Sky Crawlers , but I also thought Indiana Jones was really interesting .
All of these incredible things were crammed into the film , and these people calling themselves film lovers , or Indiana Jones fans , they ’re all complaining .
But if you look at it as a natural progression of what Spielberg has done in his life , then it ’s really fascinating .
Staff : Wow .
S : Yeah .
And then the amazing thing about Indiana Jones is that there ’s no philosophy , no religion .
I saw it and thought , “ So this is where he is now ! ”
O : I wo n’t argue with that , not at all .
My getting old certainly is n’t unrelated to turning around and facing everything head - on in my movies now .
S : But Miya - san does n’t realize that , you know ?
He does n’t .
When I see Ponyo , never mind what ’s drawn on the screen , but the way he draws things is always the same .
He ’s so persistent that it ’s amazing , right ?
O : You know , I think his proclamation that he was going to go all hand - drawn is like what Miya - san said to me last time I met him , maybe 2 years ago , “ From here on out , you know , we ’re going back to working with artists .
Everyone working with computers is going to be fired ! ”
S : He never said that ( laughs ) .
Even Miya - san knows that whether you ’re drawing by hand or drawing on a computer , what ’s good is good .
Staff : Oshii - san , this time with Sky Crawlers , the aerial scenes are done in 3DCG and the scenes on the ground are , well , 2d animation .
And well , I realize that it was intentional , but I was wondering why you decided to go in that direction ?
O : Well , to start off , we have to be realistic here : that was the only way we could get it done .
I mean , there are n’t enough animators out there that could let us do everything hand - drawn .
S : Yeah …
O : There are n’t animators out there reckless enough to animate those fighter planes , or even more , move those clouds .
S : They ’ve disappeared ?
O : They ’re not around anymore .
S : Mm …
O : Who ’s going to draw those fighter planes ?
No one ’s going to .
S : After all …
O : It was our only choice .
I mean .
It ’s our only choice , so we integrate it into how the film is made .
That ’s why the made the worlds above and below the clouds are so distinct from each other .
S : Hmm …
O : It ’s all we could do .
S : I see .
O : That ’s why when the movie is above the clouds , the characters have the goggles and the masks covering their faces .
So , what do I mean–we try to cover up the traces of hand - drawn animation as much as possible , and not show the characters ’ expressions , and –
S : You do n’t show their faces , but you can still feel their emotions .
O : And that ’s because those lines were drawn by hand .
S : Now that was interesting .
O : When we draw out the characters , that ’s the thing that puts the soul into those 3d fighters .
Our guy doing 3d , Hayashi - kun , saw that and was really moved .
He said , “ one you draw the lines , it really does somehow put feeling into things . ”
S : Hm …
O : And so we forced ourselves to do it .
But I do n’t know if anyone ’s going to do something like that again .
I mean , if you sit down and think about how much labor is going to go into something like that , no one ’s going to do it .
S : Ah… ( impressed )
O : You know , I think–no , I know that if a newspaper was to write the story about Miya - san going back to basics , returning to the world of hand - drawn animation , it ’d be written as a moving , wonderful tale .
But that ’d be all wrong .
The world of hand - drawn Japanese animation became useless long ago , as far as level of achievement and talent .
The stuff airing on television these days can just be churned out , mass produced .
S : But if you tried to make something that was actually high - quality , and do it hand - drawn , you ’d be out of luck .
At least not if you wanted to make something on the scale of a feature film .
Maybe if you did a 10 or 20 minute short .
There ’s no way that Miya - san does n’t realize that .
But he told me , “ even so , we ’re going to do it . ”
Miya - san and Ghibli might have just narrowly been able to create something like Ponyo , but even so , that jellyfish scene ?
If you did it in CG , in 3d , you might have beautiful jellyfish , ones you could mistake for the real thing , huge groups of them even , but it would n’t be the same feeling as the hand - drawn scene in the movie .
There ’s no arguing it .
I ’m certain , there ’s a certain merit in the craft -
S : Oshii -san , you ’ve called animation a handicraft before , right ?
Staff : Ah , a handicraft .
Like that it ’s now part of the tradition of Japanese arts .
O : I certainly think that animation is like a handicraft .
If you ask me , it ’s similar to the miracle that is shrine carpentry .
Do you know how many people are weeded out before a single person rises to the top and becomes a qualified shrine carpenter ?
How much training is required ?
That ’s why I compare animation to shrine carpentry : you simply cannot mass produce it .
But now , we ’re reaching our limits .
If you want to know why , it ’s because all the really talented animators that are sustaining the world of hand - drawn animation , the 20 or so of them , are all over 40 .
S : Yeah , they ’re already 50 .
O : They might be near 50 .
It ’s true .
Late 40s .
At the very least , they ’ve broken 40 .
So think about it , in another 10 years , what ’s going to happen ?
S : And is there anyone to take their place ?
No , there is n’t .
O : What ’s great about shrine carpenters is that they ’re a group of itinerant workers .
Staff : Of course …
O : Build a five - storied pagoda here , a main hall there , they ’re itinerant .
S : Was n’t IG working on fostering people like that ?
O : We were , but no one of that class turned up .
S : I do n’t know how well it ’ll turn out , but that ’s why we want to put out a challenge at Ghibli once again .
Recruit new blood .
Because you know , looking back on things , when Oshii - san or I were in , what , our 20s ?
that was when the so - called anime boom was starting , and if you look at that period , it was full of people going around , knocking on studios ’ doors .
There were lots of people getting into the industry at that time .
That meant that a lot of different kinds of people got into the business .
Looking it at it this way , we ’re connected to all sorts of industries .
All sorts .
O : The one thing , though , is that back then , people like us did n’t have to be recruited , we ’d just all start gathering at studios .
That seems obvious , but if you look at why that is , it ’s because we had nowhere else to go .
At least I was that way .
I did n’t have any other options .
I really wanted to create something like a movie , and work with films , and after searching this way and that , I found myself working at an anime studio .
And you know what , at an anime studio , surprisingly , if you really want to get it done , you can make just about anything into a reality .
Staff : Hmmm .
O : What I ’m trying to say is , hm , well , no matter how many exceptionally talented people you find , will you still be able to go back to that era ?
I mean , those people gathered and found each other just naturally .
Now , these days , I do n’t think anything is going to happen until people not only see the condition that things are in , and how the quality of animation is sinking , but also want to do something about it .
You wo n’t be able to artificially recreate the way things used to be .
S : That ’s now history tends to work .
O : Yeah .
Actually , looking at the way things are , even on a personal level , if you want to make a movie , you have to consider all the methods you have available to you , whatever they may be .
If you ca n’t do cel animation , then you ’re going to have to take up 3DCG .
If I did n’t start off as a painter or a drawer , I ’d just be a simple filmmaker , so I ’ll use anything .
PHOENIX - Authorities say a Dilkon man has been sentenced in federal court for selling 11 bald eagle tail feathers .
Prosecutors say Cedric E. Salabye pleaded guilty in April to one count of a federal indictment charging him with selling eagle feathers in violation of the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act .
A U.S. District Court judge in Phoenix on Friday sentenced Salabye to five years of probation , six months of home confinement and 150 hours of community service .
Authorities say at the time Salabye committed the violation in 2006 , the bald eagle was listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act .
The bald eagle was removed from protection under the federal Endangered Species Act in 2007 .
However , two other federal laws still provide protection for the bald eagle .
Eagles and other protected migratory birds are viewed as sacred in many Indian cultures and the feathers of the birds are central to religious and spiritual customs .
Do n't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase .
Check out the world 's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking for one thing .
What are you waiting for ?
A Chat with Dr. Aliann Young D.C. , Dr. Aliann Young D.C. interview , chiropractor
Furci Home / Fitness Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Back pain is one of the most common medical problems , which will affect about eight out of 10 people at some point during their lives .
It is also the number one cause of activity limitation in people younger than 45 years old , according to the National Institutes of Health .
Back pain can be acute , which comes on suddenly and can last from a few days to a few weeks ; or the pain can be considered chronic if it lasts more than three months .
The type of pain can range from a dull , ever - present ache to a sudden , sharp , being - stabbed - by - an - ice - pick - like pain .
Back pain can be extremely painful and debilitating .
Luckily , in about 90 percent of all cases , pain can be relieved without surgery .
However , half the patients who experience an episode of back pain will have a recurrent episode within a year .
In many cases back pain is a symptom with more than one cause .
Some of the causes of back pain include :
Overuse , strenuous activity , or improper use , i.e. , repetitive , heavy and / or improper lifting
Trauma
Degeneration of vertebrae
Degeneration of disks
Obesity ( increased demands on the spine )
Poor back and / or abdominal muscle strength
Sprain or strain
Osteoarthritis
For most of my life I was always so grateful that I did n’t experience back pain like most of the people I knew .
I felt lucky , because I have been involved in very physical sports since the second grade without any back problems to speak of .
When I got into my 30s I had low back pain here and there , but it would go away on its own in a couple of days .
When I was 16 I started weight training .
I was fortunate to have national and world level powerlifters demanding proper form from the get - go .
As I look back , these guys were so intimidating that I followed everything they said to a “ T. ” I ’m sure this had a lot to do with extending the health of my spine .
So many people play sports and weight train without the base of fundamentals I had .
I must stress that I ’ve never hurt my back while playing sports or weight training .
Never did I think I would ever experience back problems .
I ’m a very health conscience guy .
I train properly , I ’m strong , my posture is good for the most part and I eat right .
Boy , was I mistaken .
In June 2007 , after seeing two chiropractors with no results , I made an appointment with a local orthopedic surgeon .
I had been having back discomfort for about six months that started to affect my job and my training .
I ’m a fireman , and picking up and carrying a 50 pound high rise pack , tools or wearing my Scott Air Pack was giving me some real pain .
By this time , I had also cut out doing squats , deadlifts and stiff leg deadlifts because the discomfort was too great .
The result of my doctor visit was an X - ray , a five - minute consultation and a prescription for Celebrex .
I was told if it did n’t get any better in four weeks to schedule another appointment and we ’ll get an MRI .
But there is really nothing that can be done outside of some therapy and eventually surgery if it gets worse .
I believe the doctor thought he was being encouraging when he told me , “ Between the Celebrex and some therapy we should be able to keep you performing your job as a fireman , but weight training and rigorous activity would have to be kept at a minimum . ”
What the F**k !
This just ca n’t be .
This was the first of two surgeons I consulted with , both giving a similar diagnosis and future outcome .
I was totally perplexed .
That ’s it .
It ’s 2008 and there ’s nothing more that can be done .
I just could n’t accept that and started to do some research .
I happened to come across a binder and VHS tapes I had purchased more than 10 years ago .
“ Active Release Techniques , Soft - Tissue Management System . ”
I had seriously considered becoming a certified ART provider because of the results that athletes were experiencing with treatment .
I thought it would be a great addition to my personal training and strength coach business .
Immediately upon seeing that binder a light went on .
I wasted no time going to the ART website www.activerelease.com and found a certified provider in my area .
Her name is Dr. Aliann Young , and she originally hails from Mahwah , New Jersey .
She ’s a graduate of New York Chiropractic College and has been a certified ART provider for eight years .
Aliann weight trains , has run marathons and is well versed in holistic medicine .
Her patience and expertise have made a huge difference in the quality of my life .
By the time I saw Ali on Sept. 17 , 2007 , I was experiencing pain and stiffness , to some degree , 100 percent of the time .
On a pain scale from zero to10 , 10 being the worst pain I ever felt , I reported a three to eight , depending on the day .
The pain had recently started radiating bilaterally into the buttocks , and I was also experiencing some “ low back weakness . ”
I was having a great deal of difficulty at work , and my workouts were piss - poor to say the least .
I also started to experience some depression because after being so active my whole life and loving my job , my prognosis for the future looked pretty grim .
After Ali ’s thorough assessment during that first visit , she devised a treatment plan that included muscle stimulation , chiropractic manipulation and ART to the associated muscles .
After six visits
Ali explained she would re-evaluate to determine the treatment effectiveness and adjust accordingly .
I had seen , and heard , quite frequently , that athletes start to feel relief , even after the initial treatment .
I would n’t have believed it if I did n’t experience it .
The evening after my first treatment , and the next day , I had more flexibility and less pain than I did over the last several months .
After three visits I could n’t believe the progress .
Fast forward to today .
I have benefited so greatly from the expertise of Dr. Aliann Young ( below ) , ART and disc decompression , that I felt compelled to get the information out to as many of our readers as possible .
Bullz - Eye : For those reading this who have never heard of ART , can you please explain ?
Aliann Young : ART is a hands - on type of treatment for muscles , tendons , ligaments and fascia .
Most of my patients describe ART as a highly specific type of medical massage .
When I evaluate an injury , I touch the area to feel for fibrous adhesions .
Fibrous adhesions can result from traumatic or chronic injuries .
Once I locate a structure that has an adhesion , I treat that area and any other area I deem functionally appropriate .
Often times , my history is rather detailed to find mechanism of injury and motions that reproduce the pain .
BE : How does this differ from sports massage or deep tissue massage ?
AY : ART is very different from other types of manual therapies because it uses active and / or passive patient motion .
Another big difference is the technique of the provider .
ART focuses on tension along the muscle fibers , versus compression into the muscle fibers .
All certified ART providers are very highly trained and required to take at least one re-credentialing seminar every year to keep in good standing .
BE : I have heard of and have seen some remarkable success stories before coming to your office .
ART seems to have an almost immediate effect , even with injuries that people have had for months and years .
It ’s been reported that ART has a 95 percent success rate .
What has been your experience with your patients ?
AY : It ’s hard for me to give an exact success rate without a statistical analysis of eight years .
Generally speaking though , when a patient walks into the office , I first rule out any underlying serious problem .
Secondly , I touch the injury , feel for adhesions , and look at what movements reproduce the pain .
Once I have deemed a patient a good candidate for ART , I propose a treatment plan of three to six treatments .
The number of treatments can also depend on the longevity of the injury .
My experience has shown that in two to three treatments , the patient will start seeing improvements .
If the patient does not respond accordingly , then another biomechanical analysis may be done or more extensive diagnostic testing .
BE : I ’m sure each case is different , but how many ART treatments does it take on average ?
AY : If an injury is caught early enough ( within two to three weeks ) , it may completely resolve in just two to three treatments .
Most often times , because athletes take such good care of their bodies , they respond very quickly .
On average , six treatments will usually resolve 80 percent of cases .
If an injury is chronic or very complicated , it might take longer , maybe 10 to 12 treatments .
Some lifestyle choices and health problems can slow healing time also , such as : age , autoimmune diseases , diabetes , smoking , use of corticosteroids , lack of sleep , poor nutrition , etc .
BE : How long does each treatment last ?
AY : Treatment sessions typically last about 15 minutes .
BE : Once the adhesions are corrected is there rehab , or a periodic tune - up ?
AY : Yes , after the adhesions are cleared up , I recommend stretches and strengthening exercises to prevent re-injury .
If a patient has a repetitive type job or is constantly training for an event , they may need to return to the office for a tune - up treatment .
BE : Is it safe to assume that everybody , not just athletes , build adhesions in their soft tissue ?
AY : Generally speaking , any repetitive motion without sufficient rest can cause insult to soft tissues and cause fibrous adhesions .
We refer to this mechanism as the Law of Repetitive Motion .
This law can apply to anyone .
BE : Will anybody experiencing muscle or joint pain benefit from ART ?
AY : Yes , most people having muscle or joint pain will respond well to ART .
Some joint problems can cause inflammation in the soft tissues .
ART can help reduce fibrous adhesions that may help break down the inflammatory process .
BE : Well , I personally benefited greatly from ART , especially after six sessions .
During the seventh visit , however , you ended up writing an order for an MRI of my lower back .
What were your thoughts ?
AY : At treatment number seven , you had improved quite a bit .
You reported a complete resolution of buttock pain , decreased severity in lower back and sacrum , and increased range of motion in lower back .
However , considering your level of fitness and health status , I was not satisfied with your progress .
I wanted a lumbar spine MRI to prove to me this was the best I could get you .
BE : That MRI bummed me out .
It was not good news .
AY : It was n’t the worst I ’ve seen , but no , it was not good news .
The lumbar spine MRI and the results showed you had three disc protrusions ( herniations ) at L3/L4 , L4/L5 and L5 / S1 .
BE : Even with the success rate of ART and the use of chiropractic manipulation there are things that just ca n’t be fixed .
I assume Father Time has a lot to do with it .
How often do you see people who you wish would have come in months and even years earlier ?
AY : It happens a lot .
When you ’re young you think , “ I ’m invincible .
I ’ll never get hurt . ”
But years of abuse will catch up with you , if left untreated .
Whenever a patient walks into the office , I am always optimistic and enthusiastic they will heal .
BE : After seeing the MRI report you decided the best course of action would be a six - week spinal decompression program with the DRX 9000 .
Why did you feel I would benefit ?
And what happens to the spine and disks during these treatments ?
AY : Earlier I talked about underlying problems that might slow down the healing process .
A lumbar ( lower back ) disc herniation is a serious underlying problem .
Mike , you had three lumbar herniations !
After reading the MRI , I was surprised you were able to walk .
At that moment , I knew you needed something more to help heal the disc problems .
The DRX 9000 Non Surgical Lumbar Spinal Decompression table was designed to help decompress the lumbar discs so fluid and nutrients could flow to heal the area .
Essentially , the table is very sophisticated with two computers taking constant measurements of weights , angles , etc .
Decompression takes the weight off the spine and discs to give the body a chance to heal .
BE : I remember the day after my first session my low back felt like I had been hit by a car .
I was so worried I called you .
Was this a typical response to this treatment ?
AY : The first couple of decompression treatments can be tricky .
As we try to change physiology of the spine , sometimes muscles can spasm in response to the treatment .
It can be common , although other people never experience that post - treatment muscle spasm .
Because you had three disc herniations , your case was more complicated than the typical case .
I was not surprised when I received your phone call .
After the next decompression treatment , we incorporated an ART session after each decompression treatment , and that seemed to prevent any additional post treatment muscle spasm .
BE : How does the DRX system differ from other forms of decompression ?
AY : The DRX 9000 table was designed roughly six years ago and in my opinion is the best decompression table in the market .
The patient is hooked up to two harnesses and placed on the table .
The table lowers , so they are lying on their back , with a cushion underneath their knees .
Most patients report the treatment is comfortable and relaxing .
There was a study done using the DRX 9000 table to treat 219 subjects with disc herniations .
The study concluded an 86 percent success rate of those subjects , in a clinical setting .
After reading the study , the DRX 9000 was the only table to use .
Unfortunately , there are some companies making cheaper versions of the DRX 9000 table and not producing the same results .
If you decide to look into decompression treatment , make sure you do your research .
BE : My experience with DRX has been phenomenal .
I ca n’t believe the difference in my back .
I went from literally have pain and tightness 100 percent of the time to being able to work , train , sit , stand , walk and even play basketball with my daughter with little to no tightness or pain .
What have you observed with your patients who complete the treatments ?
AY : Mike , your results are typical for the decompression treatment .
Our office is happy to report very good success rates because we only accept patients into our program who are appropriate candidates .
Most patients who go through our full program respond very well and thank us for giving them their lives back .
Chronic back pain can be very depressing because it affects everything you do .
BE : I had a friend who just found out he has a herniated L - 4 , L - 5 disk .
I told him about my experience with DRX .
He said he would bring it up at his doctor ’s appointment .
Well , he had an appointment with a prominent surgeon yesterday whom I ’ve met , who told him traction has been around for over 200 years and if he wants to try to go ahead .
He then told him the Celebrex , stretching and watching posture will be good enough .
Does this surprise you ?
Why does it seem so common for physicians to reject alternative therapies ?
AY : Unfortunately , this does not surprise me .
First of all , traction is NOT decompression .
This distinction is very important .
Traction is a sustained pull on the spinal joints and NO specific disc level .
Traction has also been proven in clinical studies to increase intradiscal pressure .
Decompression pulls at the spine in a cyclical pattern where it gradually increases to a maximum weight , and gradually decreases to a lower weight , and so on .
The DRX decompression unit can also target a specific disc level .
No traction machine can do this .
And most importantly , decompression has proven in clinical studies to decrease intradiscal pressure to - 100 mm Hg .
I have included the references below .
Another interesting point is most of these studies were done by medical doctors and published in medical journals .
I ’m not sure why some doctors do n’t recommend decompression , but our office is working on changing that .
Actually , we have two local family doctors that are referring us decompression patients .
It ’s hard for any doctor to be aware of all the newest technologies .
I always encourage patients to do their research and present the information to their doctor .
A good doctor is always willing to listen and learn from their patients .
BE : I guess this brings me to a deeper question .
What is the major difference between a chiropractor and a medical doctor ?
I remember you once told me you hope chiros do n’t have the ability to write prescriptions .
I found that discussion enlightening .
Can you please give your thoughts ?
AY : Chiropractors and medical doctors have very similar training .
The first two years of chiropractic and medical school are basically the same .
Both schools teach the really hard courses such as histology , biochemistry , anatomy and physiology , neuroanatomy , etc .
After the first two years , that ’s where the education starts to diverge .
Chiropractic school teaches students to diagnose and treat conditions without the use of medications or surgery .
Medical school teaches students to diagnose and treat conditions with medications and surgeries .
Basically , it comes down to philosophy .
Chiropractic philosophy is based on the body ’s ability to heal itself without the use of drugs or surgery .
I feel that any doctor , whether you ’re a chiro or M.D. , needs many options when trying to help patients heal .
Also , every patient is different .
Some patients may respond well to chiropractic and not well to medicine .
And vice versa .
Truth be told , this society needs both medicine and chiropractic , when appropriate .
As a modern health provider , I am open to all types of treatment .
BE : Your facility is great .
Dr Geoffry Poyle has done a wonderful job of assembling an accomplished team .
The Avon Lake Wellness Center is a very clean , professional , friendly place .
You offer other therapies besides chiro and ART .
If you would , give the readers a list of your alternative therapies and a brief description .
AY : At the Avon Lake Wellness Center we also offer massage therapy , thai massage , acupuncture , and nutritional consultations .
Massotherapy :
We offer relaxation massage , deep tissue massage , hot stone massage , facials and thai massage .
Acupuncture : Acupuncture is the insertion of fine needles into specific points along the meridian lines .
This treatment has been around for thousands of years and helps balance energy flow from one area of the body to another .
Nutritional consultations :
Our consultations focus on educating the patients on whole food nutrition and holistic healing through vitamins and herbs .
A consultation can be geared towards weight loss , hormonal problems , infertility , digestive problems , etc .
We also do hair analysis testing , saliva hormone testing and detoxification programs .
BE : You recently have started a new project dealing with infertility .
Are you collaborating with anyone and how can this benefit some of my readers ?
AY : Within the past couple of months , we have started a new all - natural fertility program for men and women .
The program consists of many of the principles I incorporate in my nutritional consultations .
I also work with the acupuncturist to help the body achieve proper energy flow to the reproductive organs .
When evaluating men , I typically start with ordering a saliva male hormone test .
This test measures the pathway of the steroid male hormones and the pituitary hormones .
Saliva tests are very useful because they measure the active hormones in the body and they are much less expensive than blood tests .
A semen analysis report is also helpful .
Once I have all this information , I construct a protocol of specific vitamins and herbs to help the endocrine system rebalance the hormones .
For more information , go to www.avonlakenaturalfertility.com
BE : Ali , thanks so much for taking the time .
It ’s always nice dealing with people who have such experience and insight .
It ’s evident you care very much about what you do and truly have a desire to get people well .
AY : Your welcome , Mike .
It ’s been a pleasure to work with you !
Anderson , Gunnar , Schultz , Albert , and Nachemson , A.L. Intervertebral Disc Pressures During Traction , Scandinavian Journal of Rehabilation Medicine , supplement no .
9 , 1983 , pgs. 88-91 Ramos , MD Gustavo and Martin , MD William , Effects of vertebral axial compression on intradiscal pressure , Journal of Neurosurgery , Vol . 81,1981 , pgs.350-353
Questions or comments ?
Send them to mike@bullz-eye.com .
( or : ‘ More Hudson , Less Hicks ’ )
“ I ’d like to introduce you to a close personal friend of mine . ”
That close personal friend is Corporal Dwayne Hicks .
James Cameron ’s
Aliens has many things to answer for – especially when it comes to the world of videogames – but I ’d argue that in its characters , I see the archetypes of players on every Call of Duty 4 server I ’ve visited , every Halo 3 TDM game I ’ve joined .
Hicks is n’t just a model of professionalism for the survivors of the USS Sulaco ’s marine team ; he ’s a model for legions of gamers everywhere .
The online gaming world is full of Hickses .
It ’s why I do n’t frequent public servers very often .
I ’m just bored of playing against people who seem to take no joy in their games ; just a dreary sense of workmanlike competence .
Somehow our games have managed to emphasise competence , professionalism , and dead - eye accuracy over having fun .
Perhaps not emphasise ; perhaps they go further , fetishizing skill – the reams of statistics detailing kill ratios , the obsession with XP , score , and rank , is often taken by players to be not a part of the game , but the reason to play it .
And that seems sad .
Because whilst being the best , and having the best ratio , or the best kit is part of the fun of games , a lot of the fun of online gaming comes from a peculiar kind of theatre that emerges from the best online games .
Not messing around , breaking the rules – that ’s no fun – but the kind of play that emerges when you succeed badly .
Succeeding despite your skills , rather than because of them .
To go back to Aliens a moment : really , I ’d like it if more gamers were more like Bill Paxton ’s Private Hudson .
“ Game over , man !
Game over ! ”
No , really .
Sure , Hudson is a similarly competent professional to his NCO , and I ca n’t deny that he does n’t fetishize his toys a little … but he ’s also the soul of the party .
He ’s the goofball you can trust with your life .
( Which , now I come to think of it , is Bill Paxton ’s stock - in - trade ) .
I ’d take a legion of stumbling , wise - cracking Hudsons over a dour Corporal Hicks any day .
And nowhere is this more obvious than in Left 4 Dead .
Lee described the joy of Left 4 Dead as “ making dangerous mistakes in the company of friends “ .
What could be better than that ?
Taking risks , sometimes being punished , usually being chastised , but then having a chance to redeem yourself , with the people you love ?
That sounds like the best kind of gaming .
Better than competence any day .
And it sounds a lot like a Left 4 Dead campaign a few of us ran a few weeks ago .
Time for a story !
It ’s the end of the third map of Dead Air – the escape over the skybridge – and the four of us have got to the outside of the airport .
We ’re a bit worse for wear – we have n’t been bringing our A - games – and by the time we get to the multi-storey carpark , we ’re on our last legs ; a tank and two horde encounters outside the airport took its toll .
So we decide to run .
It is , after all , not far from the car park to the other side of the skybridge .
We belt it through the carpark , capping the odd zombie on the way , and make it to the safe room .
All three of us make it to the safe room .
Jones – who is playing Louis – is nowhere to be seen .
We yell for him , and , with our magic Survivor X - Ray vision , see that he ’s back outside the carpark .
Uh-oh .
So we yell for him to come upstairs .
We ’ll leave him behind in a heartbeat if we have to , but for now , he deserves a fair crack of the whip .
So we watch , as X - Ray Louis limps his way into the carpark .
He might just make it .
And then he sets off a car alarm , and we hear the baying of the zombie horde .
What went from being a minor cock - up is now a hilarious balls - up of the highest order .
Alice and Mike hunker down in the safe room – sensible them – and I take up position crouched in the corner of the skybridge , assault - rifle ready .
( I am playing Bill , and taking the role - playing of the gruff old veteran a little seriously for the purposes of drama ) .
“ Come on , Matt , ” we cheer , and soon we see Louis limping through into the corridor of the skybridge .
He ’s about halfway down the corridor when the express - train that is the zombie horde piles through the door behind him .
I dump an entire clip of rifle ammo into the zombie - train ; Jones gets into the safe room ; the gun clicks dry and I run back through the doorway –
– straight into the arms of about eight zombies .
This is not , in fact , the safe room .
It is an amusingly - positioned closet next to the safe room .
Desperately , I bash as hard as I can , scrabbling through the horde , and into safety next door .
Somebody , I forget whom , fends off the crowd of zombies I appear to have dragged into the safe room with me , and the door slams shut .
Not only have we survived , we have also not stopped laughing since the car alarm went off .
It ’s possibly my favourite Left 4 Dead experience ever .
We did n’t survive a round on Expert , we did n’t get an all - headshot round , we did n’t drop a Tank with no damage .
We messed up , we made stupid mistakes , and as a result it was more like a zombie movie than any perfect run could be .
Together , we made a strange kind of consensual theatre , and we still survived , and it was all an absurd amount of fun .
( This session is also is one of the many reasons I ’m very excited that Valve are introducing Gauntlets – hectic , running - chase Finales – to Left 4 Dead 2 ) .
I do n’t play videogames because I want to have competent , professional militaristic encounters with friends .
I ’d take Dangerous Mistakes In The Company Of Friends over competence any day .
Sure , they may be mistakes , but they ’re dangerous !
They ’re exciting !
And sometimes , they make the game better than it ever could be when you play it “ right ” .
I would n’t want it any other way .
Note :
This thread and all subsequent updates are by MrWhitefolks , the creator of these images .
However , since he is not yet a member , and is unlikely to become one anytime soon , I am posting this in his stead .
Enjoy !
I 've taken to doing model posing and screenshot work for various release groups that release model ports for Garry 's Mod , and as such I figured that I would just drop what I 've been working on in here .
If you dig these , that 's cool - but if you do n't , no worries .
This is n't something I expect to take off as it's pretty freakin ' niche and there are a ton of people that do this way fucking better than I do .
Each character is posed / staged manually , along with props , facial poses ( if available ) , finger poses ( if available ) and various bloom or depth of field filters .
The image is then taken into post production via Photoshop where I attempt to clean up the aliasing ( if any exists ) or adjust color , tone , brightness and / or contrast .
1 ) There are a few images that I 've done for people that are still considered on " lockdown " due to the image (s ) being used for website design , but here 's aand ashowing off the end result of massive post production work for those that are interested .
2) As the above section shows , yes I take requests .
However I can't promise anything 100 % , but if an interesting idea comes along or I 'm bored enough then I 'll have no problem taking a shot at it .
A growing concern for Fed policy makers is a weakening in the US dollar against major currencies .
The price of the euro in US - dollar terms climbed from a low of $ 1.27 in November last year to around $ 1.41 in May and $ 1.43 in early June  an increase of 12.6 % from November .
The major currencies dollar index fell to 78.89 in May from 82.3 in April  a fall of 4.1 % .
If the declining trend in the US dollar were to consolidate , this could cause foreign holders of US - dollar assets to divest into non-dollar - denominated assets and precious metals .
This in turn could spark another financial crisis .
For instance , on June 6 , 2009 , Russia ’s President Dmitri Medvedev said that American financial policy had made the dollar an undesirable currency for reserves held by central banks .
Also China  the largest holder of US - dollar reserves  has voiced its misgivings with the Fed ’s massive money pumping , which is seen as an important reason behind the recent weakening in the US currency .
Note that in March , China ’s US - dollar reserves stood at $ 1,953.7 billion  an increase of 2.2 % on the month before .
The value of the China ’s holdings of US Treasury securities was $ 767.9 billion in March against $ 744.2 in February and $ 490.6 billion in March last year .
If the US dollar weakens further , Fed policy makers will be forced to slow down monetary pumping in order to placate foreign investors .
A visible strengthening in commodity prices is also likely to put pressure on the Fed to slow down the money printer .
In May , the CRB commodity price index shot up by 13.8 % from the month before .
Some harsh critics of the Fed , such as John Taylor ( the inventor of the Taylor rule ) , are of the view that the Fed should already be embracing a tighter stance to prevent the repetition of the interest - rate policy of Greenspan ’s Fed , which was kept at a very low levels for too long .
According to John Taylor , Greenspan ’s low - interest - rate policies had been a major contributing factor for the present economic crisis .
( Greenspan had lowered the federal - funds rate from 5.5 % in January 2001 to 1 % by June 2003 and kept the rate at 1 % until June 2004 .
Note that currently the federal - funds rate is between zero and 0.25 % . )
There is almost complete agreement among various commentators that the massive monetary pumping by the Fed since September last year was necessary to prevent a plunge in aggregate demand .
As a result , it is held , the Fed has prevented the economy from falling into a severe recession .
According to this way of thinking , the increase in money supply strengthens the demand for goods and services , which in turn strengthens the economy .
A stronger economy in turn feeds back into the demand and this strengthens the economy further .
Following this logic , whenever the economy is starting to gain strength and can stand on its own feet , there is no need any longer for all the pumped money .
In fact keeping all the pumped money can be detrimental to the economy ’s health .
( Keeping all the pumped money can only lay the foundation for various distortions and a higher rate of inflation some time in the future  so it is held . )
It follows that , once it has been established that the pumped money has managed to place the economy on a healthy growth path , the pumped money can be safely removed without any bad side effects whatsoever .
( Again , according to this way of thinking , money pumping is required as long as the economy cannot stand on its own feet . )
$ 19 $ 15
The Illusory Economic Recovery
Most Fed officials and various economic commentators are of the view that the US economy might be rapidly approaching a stage where it is possible to take out a large chunk of the recently pumped money without causing any harmful side effects in regard to economic activity .
Seasonally adjusted construction spending increased by 0.8 % in April after rising by 0.4 % in March .
Pending sales of previously owned homes shot up by 6.7 % in April , the biggest monthly gain since October 2001 .
Manufacturing activity also shows signs of strengthening .
The ISM index rose to 42.8 in May from 40.1 in the month before .
The new orders component of the ISM jumped to 51.1 in May from 47.2 in April .
It seems that the economy is on its way to standing on its own feet .
What most commentators and Fed policy makers do n’t tell us is that monetary pumping has given rise to various bubble activities .
These bubble activities are supported by real savings that have been diverted from wealth generators by means of pumped money .
Also note that the pumped money has prevented the removal of various old bubble activities .
Hence , contrary to popular thinking , the massive money pumping has actually weakened the economy ’s bottom line .
If the Fed were to start taking some of the newly pumped money from the economy , i.e. , to curb the money - supply rate of growth , this would hurt various old and new bubble activities .
It would set in motion an economic bust .
( Remember , bubble activities are not self - funded ; they require money " out of thin air , " which is employed to divert real savings to them from wealth generators . )
Summary and Conclusions
A major concern for Fed policy makers is a visible weakening in the US dollar against major currencies .
If the Fed were to allow the dollar to fall further , the US central bank runs the risk that major holders of US - dollar assets will divest to nondollar assets .
This could push long - term rates and mortgage rates higher , thereby igniting another crisis .
If , in order to defend the dollar , the Fed were to start taking some of the newly pumped money from the economy , i.e. , to curb the money supply rate of growth , this will hurt various old and new bubble activities and set in motion an economic bust .
Even if the Fed were to decide to tighten its stance just slightly , given the current strengthening in the growth momentum of economic activity , this could visibly weaken the growth momentum of monetary liquidity , thus posing a threat to the stock market .
It seems that the Fed might have painted itself into a corner .
This article originally appeared on Mises.org .
June 13 , 2009
Frank Shostak Archives
The Best of Frank Shostak
BILL ANALYSIS Senate Appropriations Committee Fiscal Summary Senator Christine Kehoe , Chair 962 ( De Leon ) Hearing Date : 08/27/2009 Amended : 06/22/2009 Consultant : Jacqueline Wong-HernandezPolicy Vote : Public Safety 4 - 3 _________________________________________________________________
____ BILL SUMMARY : AB 962 makes numerous statutory changes regarding the sale of ammunition .
Specifically , this bill : 1 ) Creates a system to license vendors of handgun ammunition .
Makes it a misdemeanor , punishable by 6 months in county jail and / or a fine of up to $ 1,000 , to transfer more than 50 rounds per month of handgun ammunition without a handgun ammunition vendor 's license , except as specified ; 2 ) Authorizes the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) to issue handgun ammunition vendor licenses , as specified , charge license applicants sufficient fees to cover the cost of administering the license program , and establish regulations pertaining to those licenses ;
3 ) Authorizes funds from the Dealers ' Record of Sale ( DROS ) Special Account to be made available for expenditure by DOJ to offset the costs incurred to initiate the license program , and that the funds received by DOJ in relation to this licensing program shall be deposited in the DROS Special Account ; 4 ) Requires that vendors not allow any employee who is prohibited by law from possessing a firearm to handle , sell or deliver handgun ammunition , that employees of ammunition vendors provide to the vendor a certificate of eligibility obtained from DOJ , and that vendors not allow handgun ammunition to be accessible to customers without the assistance of an employee of the vendor ;
5 ) Provide that it is a misdemeanor , punishable by up to six months in jail and / or a fine of up to $ 1,000 , for a vendor to fail to obtain and record specified personal information from ammunition buyers , to maintain that information for no less than five years on the vendor 's premises , to make that information available to specified law enforcement officials , or to knowingly make a false entry or fail to obtain the required personal information from a handgun ammunition buyer , except as specified ; 6 ) Creates a misdemeanor , punishable by up to 6 months in jail and / or a fine of up to $ 1,000 , is an individual : ( A ) is enjoined from activity as a member of a criminal street gang , to possess any ammunition or reloaded ammunition , except as specified ; ( B ) transfers ammunition to any person they know or reasonably should know to be prohibited from owning handgun ammunition because that person is prohibited from possessing a firearm or is enjoined as a member of a criminal street gang , as specified ; ( C ) delivers or transfers handgun ammunition in anything other than a face - to - face transaction and being provided with bona fide evidence of the transferee 's identity ; or ( D ) delivers or gives possession of any ammunition to any minor who he or she knows , or using reasonable care should know , is prohibited from possessing that ammunition , as specified .
Page 2 AB 962 ( De Leon ) _________________________________________________________________
____ Fiscal Impact ( in thousands ) Major Provisions 2009 - 10 2010 - 11 2011 - 12
Fund Creates new crimes ** Unknown local costs , non-reimbursable ** Local New DOJ Program $ 306 ** Costs recovered from fees ** Special * Sales tax loss $ 1,000 - $ 1,500 $ 1,000 - $ 1,500 General * DROS Account _________________________________________________________________
____ STAFF COMMENTS : SUSPENSE FILE .
This bill makes numerous changes to existing law related to ammunition sales .
The majority of the changes could result in local costs for enforcement and prosecution , offset to a degree by new fines .
This bill also requires DOJ to create and administer a new program .
Projections indicate that DOJ will eventually be able to recover the costs of administering the program through fees allowed in the bill ( up to $ 50 for registry , and the expansion of existing fingerprinting fees ) .
The projected revenue exceeds $ 500,000 per year in new fees .
The cost of consultant services and oversight needed to design and develop enhancements to the Centralized List of ammunition vendors and their employees and Certificate of Eligibility for ammunition vendors , however , cannot be absorbed in DOJ 's 2009 - 10 budget , which is when the work would have to take place .
DOJ would need an additional $ 306,000 for consulting services to develop and implement the new program in 2009 - 10 and fees could not be collected until 2010 - 11 .
This bill will also result in decreased sales tax revenue to the degree that ammunition sales decrease as a result of additional , time - consuming procedures required for consumers .
Neighboring states do not have the extensive restrictions on ammunition purchases proposed by this bill .
Gun rights groups and members are opposed to this bill , and are resistant to giving the state additional personal information about their gun-related purchases .
It is very likely that they will purchase ammunition out of state , especially considering its virtually unlimited storage life .
Ammunition purchasers would not have to make a special trip often to a neighboring state , but could , whenever s/he happened to be traveling through another state , buy a substantial amount of ammunition and retain it for future use .
If even 10 % of purchases were shifted to other states , the sales tax loss to the state of California would be approximately $ 1,000,000 .
I 'd like to begin , not with the customary introduction , but by asking forgiveness – because given the passion that cineastes nurture for the films they love , this piece might be seen as a malicious provocation .
But it is merely , for me , a clearing of the air – a personal catharsis to shake off the years of tolerating , or even pretending to admire films that , in reality , I profoundly dislike .
What follows is n't so much an objective article as a personal caprice – the " outing " of a number of films that are claimed by those in the know to be not merely good but " great " .
This is the story of why those films leave me cold , bored and searching desperately for the eject button .
Is there anybody today , for instance , who will stand by the once widely held conviction that Luchino Visconti's Death in Venice is a masterpiece ?
Apparently : Peter Bradshaw of this newspaper asserted in a five - star review that it is " magnificent " .
It won a Palme d'Or , an Oscar and a Bafta .
It was lauded to the skies for its cinematography .
But as David Mamet once observed , if you come out of a film only admiring its cinematography , then you have probably been sitting through a lousy film .
That 's certainly true of Death in Venice , which is a lot of window - dressed camp nonsense smuggling itself into the canon disguised as art .
That plot in full : German novelist Gustav von Aschenbach ( Dirk Bogarde ) goes to Venice to recover his inspiration , checks into a hotel and spends the next two hours , as cholera threatens the city , rubbernecking a beautiful adolescent boy in repressed paedophiliac lust .
After several months of this , Aschenbach drops dead in his deckchair .
It is beautiful , luscious , leisurely , elegiac and so forth .
But it has the regrettable drawback of being staggeringly tedious .
It captures none of the nuance of Thomas Mann 's original novella , which was an eloquent meditation on the creative impulse , longing , the fading of artistic powers and the final triumph of the body over the mind .
The film , in contrast , is not so much a masterpiece as a colossal piece of soft - focus masturbation .
Many critics have now rumbled Death in Venice .
Not so John Ford 's The Searchers .
Cahiers du Cinéma rated it the 10th best film ever made .
The American Film Institute recently hailed it as the greatest western of all time .
It 's 1868 .
Comanches attack a homestead , slaughter most of the occupants and abduct a young girl , Debbie Edwards .
John Wayne , playing Ethan Edwards , Debbie 's uncle , sets out with a posse to find her .
When he does – after several years – Debbie decides she does n't want to go home because the Comanches are now her people .
Ethan , infuriated , tries to kill the girl , but Martin , her step - brother , prevents him .
Then after a brief interregnum , during which Martin and Ethan return to the homestead for some light relief , they track her down once more and Ethan again looks as though he 's going to execute Debbie .
But he changes his mind .
He tenderly takes a now - willing Debbie home .
The film fails to explain why Ethan would go to such trouble to find the girl if he only wants to kill her .
Nor does it explain why he changes his mind at the end ( or , for that matter , why Debbie changes her mind about sticking with the Comanches ) .
The rude mechanicals of the piece – such as the absurd Swedish homesteader , Lars Jorgensen , whose verbal repertoire is limited to statements like " Yumping Yiminy ! " – add a patina of slapstick that at times drags the film down to the level of Blazing Saddles .
Beautiful landscapes , yes , but you could put Basingstoke High Street in Monument Valley and it would look mysteriously evocative .
A critique of racism ?
Only if you believe that portraying Native Americans as sadistic , rapacious savages is enlightened .
A subversion of the whole genre ?
John Ford would have laughed at the idea .
Like The Searchers , François Truffaut 's Jules et Jim has few detractors .
I am definitely and proudly one of them .
In fact , I would very happily tell Ethan Edwards that the cast and crew were Comanches and set his psychotic rage on to them .
High concept ?
It 's a nouvelle vague buddy movie , set in France before the first world war .
A pair of dreary , self - obsessed young men , one Austrian ( Jules ) and one French ( Jim ) , meet Catherine ( Jeanne Moreau ) , a " free spirit " .
They spend the film competing for her affection .
They have philosophical discussions about art and literature .
Then , to pep up the storyline a bit , war breaks out and J&J are called up .
Afterwards , they move to Austria and have some more philosophical discussions about love and poetry .
They swap partners , and , despite the agony involved , show no emotion at any time – they are too cool for that sort of thing .
Then Catherine dies in a car crash with Jules , or possibly Jim .
Who cares ?
Fin .
Despite its historical setting , it is a film anticipating attitudes of the 60s by people who have an absurd , privileged and conceited idea of what the 60s should or will be .
Its wit is not witty , its insights are nonexistent and its script is mannered and self - indulgent .
Jeanne Moreau is beautiful .
That alone does not make it one of the greatest films of all time – or even of 1962 .
Had Jules , Jim and Catherine been born a few generations later , they could have sustained 10 minutes of interest on the Jerry Springer show .
Or at least five .
Fellini's La Dolce Vita makes Jules et Jim appear restrained in its commitment to the unintentionally absurd and facetiously tedious .
Marcello , the central character , a showbiz hack , has a clinging fiancee , Emma , with whom he lives in a dreary flat .
Being Italian , he has lovers , one of whom , the bored and jaded Maddalena , he takes to a prostitute 's flat and slips some of the old Salami Romano .
Emma attempts suicide but Marcello is unmoved – as characters in continental arthouse movies unaccountably are when faced by unusual or tragic circumstances .
Then he finds himself alone with an " American " movie star , Sylvia ( Anita Ekberg , who , being Swedish , is staggeringly miscast ) .
Sylvia is one of the most tiresome and unconvincing creations in world cinema .
She vogues in the Trevi fountain , giggles like a hyena and repeatedly thrusts her enormous breasts at the camera .
The film was hailed as a non-narrative masterpiece and a unique exercise in the " aesthetic of disparity " ( that 's the critic Robert Richardson ) , but it could more easily be summarised as a turgid , lazy mess of half - realised conceits .
And yes , I understand that it 's a satire on decadence , not a tribute to it .
But only in that same sense that the Sun vilifies people over sex , while being obsessed with undressed women .
It 's called having your panettone and eating it .
Shifting to modern cinema , there is Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List , which features at No 9 in the AFI 's list of the greatest American movies and No 1 in Tim Lott 's list of all - time embarrassments .
This film is actively offensive .
To watch a group of cringing Jews gather around the " good German " during the Holocaust is bad enough .
To manipulate one 's emotions , as when a group of incongruously good - looking refugees are tempted into the camp shower block only to receive – yes , showers !
– is disgusting .
And the final scene , straight out of a prime - time soap , when Schindler breaks down in tears and weeps " I did n't save enough " , is enough to make the toughest stomach regurgitate its contents .
The only genuinely moving moment is when the movie is over , and the authentic Schindler survivors are shown visiting the real Schindler 's grave .
For documentary or literature are the only forms big enough and true enough to fit the Holocaust .
Go and see Claude Lanzmann 's Shoah , or read a book by Primo Levi , if you want to know about the death camps .
And if you want to be entertained by a tragedy with a happy ending set in an inhumane prison environment , go to see The Shawshank Redemption instead .
Or not .
The Shawshank Redemption is a perfectly OK B - movie , worth three and a half stars from any critic , but the idea that it is the greatest movie of all time – repeatedly voted No 1 by cinemagoers ( though not by critics ) – is not so much offensive as simply mystifying .
It 's a straightforward Hollywood prison drama , in which the good people are a bit too good and the bad people are a bit too bad .
The hero , Andy Dufresne ( Tim Robbins ) , accused of a murder of which he is innocent , settles into prison life after having the misfortune of being repeatedly sodomised for several years by those nasty sex - crazed monsters that always seem to make a cameo in these prison films .
He makes friends with Ellis " Red " Redding ( Morgan Freeman ) , who is unaccountably pretty much the only black person in the prison .
He builds a library – well , this is Hollywood – and helps the nasty warden swindle his accounts .
Eventually he gets revenge on the warden , escapes and goes to live on a beach .
Freeman later joins him .
The end .
The narrative is mildly engaging and the characters well enough drawn – so it 's a decent movie , and certainly an improvement on Escape from Alcatraz – but not by all that much .
And it 's certainly not the best movie ever made .
Dear reader , if I have n't offended you personally yet – be patient .
Other films I consider to be profoundly overpraised include Kieslowski's Three Colours Red ( nothing happens ) , Tarkovsky 's Solaris ( nothing happens in space ) and Von Stroheim 's Greed ( nothing happens in the desert for 10 hours ) .
Marcel Carné's Les Enfants du Paradis is dated , overlong and absurdly wordy – in short , overly French .
Jean Renoir 's La Règle de Jeu ( according to many francophile critics , the greatest film ever made ) , is only a country - house drama with less veracity or dramatic power than Upstairs Downstairs .
Charles Laughton 's
The Night of the Hunter has moments of melodrama that would not shame an episode of Scooby - Doo .
On the Waterfront is a masterclass in ham acting – and if you really want to witness the Method at its best , check out Sidney Lumet 's The Pawnbroker , from 1964 .
None of these " masterpieces " deserves a place in history more than large numbers of other films that are either forgotten , not noticed in the first place , or languish on the outer periphery of the canon .
The Blair Witch Project and The Innocents , for example , are much scarier and more innovative than the highly lauded Psycho .
The dialogue - free Philip Glass / Godfrey Reggio project Koyaanisqatsi is one of the most original movies of the last 30 years .
South Pacific and All That Jazz both make Singin ' in the Rain look like the empty spectacle it is .
Try , also , The Rapture , a weirdly wonderful film about religious cults by Michael Tolkin ( who wrote The Player ) , Max Reinhardt 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream , Terence Davies 's masterful Trilogy and my personal greatest of all time , Elem Klimov 's Come and See , a 1985 Russian war epic that makes Apocalypse Now look lightweight .
Please feel free to write in and tear any of these films to shreds .
They might even deserve it .
And let me tell you – it will make you feel a whole lot better .
God knows , writing it down did wonders for me .
It is also free .
R is an open - source program , and its popularity reflects a shift in the type of software used inside corporations .
Open - source software is free for anyone to use and modify .
I.B.M. , Hewlett - Packard and Dell make billions of dollars a year selling servers that run the open - source Linux operating system , which competes with Windows from Microsoft .
Most Web sites are displayed using an open - source application called Apache , and companies increasingly rely on the open - source MySQL database to store their critical information .
Many people view the end results of all this technology via the Firefox Web browser , also open - source software .
R is similar to other programming languages , like C , Java and Perl , in that it helps people perform a wide variety of computing tasks by giving them access to various commands .
For statisticians , however , R is particularly useful because it contains a number of built - in mechanisms for organizing data , running calculations on the information and creating graphical representations of data sets .
Some people familiar with R describe it as a supercharged version of Microsoft ’s Excel spreadsheet software that can help illuminate data trends more clearly than is possible by entering information into rows and columns .
What makes R so useful  and helps explain its quick acceptance  is that statisticians , engineers and scientists can improve the software ’s code or write variations for specific tasks .
Packages written for R add advanced algorithms , colored and textured graphs and mining techniques to dig deeper into databases .
Close to 1,600 different packages reside on just one of the many Web sites devoted to R , and the number of packages has grown exponentially .
One package , called BiodiversityR , offers a graphical interface aimed at making calculations of environmental trends easier .
Photo : Aleksander Zhadan
Possession of pornography is now a criminal offense in Ukraine , Lenta.ru reports , after Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko signed a law to that effect today .
Human rights activists and members of the Ukrainian artistic community had asked the president to veto the law .
The draft of the law was prepared by the Ukrainian government .
It was passed by the Ukrainian parliament , the Supreme Rada , on June 11 .
Now pornography can be kept only “ for medical purposes , ” according to the Ukrainian Ministry of Justice .
The ministry also warns that possession of a large number of identical images will be considered evidence of trading in pornography , which is also criminalized .
Punishment for possession of pornography will include fines and imprisonment for up to three years .
The Germans may have given the world the Audi and the autobahn , but they have banished everything with four wheels and an engine from the streets of Vauban – a model brave new world of a community in the country 's south - west , next to the borders with Switzerland and France .
In Vauban , a suburb of the university town of Freiburg , luxuriant beds of brilliant flowers replace what would normally be parking outside its neat , middle - class homes .
Instead of the roar of traffic , the residents listen to birdsong , children playing and the occasional jingle of a bicycle bell .
" If you want to have a car here , you have to pay about € 20,000 for a space in one of our garages on the outskirts of the district , " says Andreas Delleske one of the founders and now a promoter of the Vauban project , " but about 57 per cent of the residents sold a car to enjoy the privilege of living here . "
As a result , most residents travel by bike or use the ultra - efficient tram service that connects the suburb with the centre of Freiburg , 15 minutes away .
If they want a car to go on holiday or to shift things , they hire one or join one of the town 's car - sharing schemes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Because it has no cars , Vauban 's planners have almost completely dispensed with the idea of metalled roads .
Its streets and pathways are cobbled or gritted and vehicles are allowed in only for a matter of minutes to unload essential goods .
Being virtually car - free is only the start of what has been hailed as one of Europe 's most successful experiments in green living and one which is viewed increasingly as a blueprint for a future and perhaps essential way of living in an age of climate change .
Vauban is a southern suburb of Freiburg and home to 5,300 people .
Its elegant , weather - boarded , four - storey homes are painted in subtle tones of blue , yellow and red or left as natural wood .
They have wide balconies and large French windows that look out on to quiet , park - like gardens .
The overall impression is of being stuck in a never - ending IKEA advertisement .
But if the district 's surface texture is eminently middle class , an eco-revolution is bubbling beneath the surface .
The windows of all the homes are triple - glazed .
An intricate ventilation system fitted with heat exchangers ensures that apartments are kept constantly topped - up with fresh air at room temperature , even when the windows are shut .
Most homes are powered by solar panels and smart co-generator engines that run on wood chips which provide domestic heating and electricity for lighting and appliances .
One of the consequences is that most of Vauban 's homes generate a surplus of electricity and sell what they do n't need to the power companies that run the national and regional electricity grids .
With their 35 cm thick walls , the homes are so well insulated that the temperature inside is directly affected by the number of people in each apartment .
" If it gets too cold in the winter , you have the choice of turning up the heating or inviting a couple of friends round to dinner , " Delleske says .
He is immensely proud of the fact that his 90sqm , four - roomed " Passive house , " which is almost environmentally perfect , costs a mere € 114 a year to heat .
" Most people pay that kind of money for heating each month , " he says .
The " Passive house " has even managed to dispense with drains for the toilets and showers .
The waste is reduced to compost in special biological toilets and shower and washing - up water is filtered and used to water the garden .
Word about the Vauban experiment is spreading .
Each day , six or seven busloads of visitors roll up – parking on the outskirts , needless to say – to witness the suburb 's environmentally friendly living .
At the entrance , they are greeted by slogan in big letters that reads : " We are creating the world we want . "
Yet the suburb 's origins were very remote from such idealistic themes .
It started life in 1937 as the Leo Schlageter army barracks , a collection of three - storey stone buildings to house Adolf Hitler 's expanding Wehrmacht army .
It was named after a German hero from the First World War who was executed by the French in 1923 .
At the end of the Second World War , the barracks were requisitioned by the French army and renamed Quartier Vauban , after a noted 17th century military architect .
After Germany 's re-unification , the French withdrew and the district was handed over to the city of Freiburg in 1994 , to be promptly occupied by squatters .
Soon after , a group of ecologically minded and mostly middle - class people became interested in the quarter .
Many had taken part in the anti-nuclear movement as students in the 1970s and 1980s .
They set up the Forum Vauban , which began negotiating with the city government .
Vauban 's founders explain that much of the eco-friendly technology that has gone into the complex was conceived and developed around Freiburg as an alternative to nuclear power .
The upshot was the formation of a series of loosely structured housing associations which commissioned architects to design new and ecologically sustainable homes on the site .
Most of the old Nazi-era barrack buildings were torn down and more than 60 architects were engaged to reconstruct Vauban .
Its three - to five - storey buildings contain apartments of varying sizes and 80 per cent are privately owned .
A four - bedroom unit costs about € 250,000 .
The project is a reminder of the strength of Germany 's green movement .
Freiburg 's city government is run by a coalition of conservatives and Green Party councillors and the Greens hold the most seats .
During the European elections , the Green Party won up to 60 per cent of the poll in Vauban 's constituencies .
The district also bucks Germany 's reputation for having one of the world 's lowest birth rates : nearly 30 per cent of its inhabitants are aged under 18 .
Ute and Frank Lits moved to Vauban five years ago .
Their children , aged six and 10 , can walk out the front door of their four - bedroom apartment into a communal garden equipped with a playground and a wood - fired pizza oven .
" We wanted to buy our own home and we liked the eco-friendly principles of the place , " Mrs Lits said .
" But the main reason is that Vauban is prefect for children .
They enjoy the kind of freedom that it would be difficult to find in a normal town apartment . "
The couple owns a car , but neither mind having to park it in a communal garage eight minutes ' walk from their home .
If Vauban 's brave new world suffers from anything , it is its own peculiar brand of middle - class monoculturalism .
Sitting outside a former Nazi barrack building that now functions as an organic restaurant selling ricotta - filled ravioli and ostrich meat , its is difficult to spot anyone who is non-European , old or poor .
Wolfgang Konradi , a youth worker who spent years working in less sophisticated urban areas before coming to Vauban , says the district 's teenagers behave like normal people of their age .
" The problem is mainly the parents , they go around expecting their offspring to be perfect citizens , but that 's just not realistic , " he laments .
Ina , his wife , said that since having their son , she had learned to appreciate the advantages that Vauban offered for children .
But she added : " It 's very nice here , but a bit like living under a bell jar .
I certainly would n't want to live here forever . "
At downtown Oakland 's Harborside Health Center , the hairy green buds have numbers .
The new nomenclature beckons viewers from within seven gleaming glass display cases .
Antiseptic white placards boast authoritative black digits .
Each stands erect next to a Petri dish of high - octane " White Rhino " or " Afgooey Super Melt . "
They read : 7 percent , 11 percent , 18 percent , or 21 percent .
Even 80 percent .
" 80 percent THC ? " asks a potential customer .
He 's referring to delta - 9 - tetrahydrocannabinol — the main psychoactive ingredient in marijuana .
" That 's a concentrate , " reminds Stephen DeAngelo , proud owner of the three - year - old collective .
DeAngelo 's facility boasts 20,000 members and grossed more than $ 10 million last year .
Even amid the recession , lines are a constant phenomenon and DeAngelo is looking to double his space .
Hundreds of new customers sign up monthly , attracted partly by the immaculate facility : its savvy , well - paid " budtenders " and $ 40 , eighth - ounce pot dosages .
But part of the appeal is the new placards — the result of a disruptive new service by Harborside 's partners at the Analytical Laboratory Project .
" For the first time in the 3,000 - year history of human cannabis consumption , consumers will be provided a scientific assessment of the safety and potency of products prior to ingesting them , " DeAngelo announced in December .
In the months since , DeAngelo 's patrons have enjoyed mankind 's most detailed product information thanks to the country 's first commercial marijuana lab .
Arrest and jail remain a constant worry for him and the lab 's two owners .
But they believe that if pot is truly medicine , it needs quality assurance and dosage information .
The Analytical Laboratory Project wants to be the source of that information .
The lab 's ultimate goal is to provide testing for half of the 300 dispensaries in California .
Behind DeAngelo , a cross section of the East Bay shuffles in and out of the pot club 's well - lit main floor .
They buy briskly and nonchalantly , as though it 's a bank or a pharmacy .
Powerful , normative forces have begun to transform the $ 65 billion domestic black market in ganja .
DeAngelo and his partners want to be the custodians of that transformation .
Indeed , positive hits for pathogenic mold are already changing grower operations .
" You smoke ten random samples of cannabis and you 've most likely smoked aspergillus [ mold ] , " said Dave , one of the lab 's two founders .
" It 's in there , often at unacceptable levels .
Now it 's up to the industry to respond .
We also are not in a position where we want to make enemies and piss people off .
We want to see it happen in the best way for the movement and the industry to kind of just naturally evolve . "
While the distributed nature of California 's cannabis supply network obviously benefits mom-and - pop growers , it does n't encourage quality assurance .
Consequently , Dave and his peers believe that some pot consumers are in danger .
" It 's expensive to test every single thing that comes through the door — that 's the price you pay with a decentralized supply system , " Dave said .
" But that 's what you 've got .
You 've got five pounds coming from here and two from there and one individual .
I mean , a dog walks in the grow room , and wags its tail — anything can be coming off that dog 's tail .
It 's gross .
Fertilizers with E. coli .
Compost teas that they do n't make right , anaerobic tea that has elevated levels of E. coli and salmonella .
It has to come .
There 's no way that this is sustainable .
All it takes is one story of immune - compromised people dying from aspergillus infection .
The myth that cannabis has n't killed a single person in 3,000 years is allowed to go on .
Well , it 's not cannabis that kills people , it 's all the shit that 's in it . "
Talk about a buzz kill .
Backstage in the bowels of Harborside , the air is thick with terpenoids — the pungent , unmistakable odor molecules of cannabis .
Rick Pfrommer , Harborside 's hefty linebacker of a pot buyer , mans the " intake " room where the collective 's 400 growers wholesale to the club in eye - popping one - , two - , or five - pound bags .
Everyone from mom-and - pop operators with their dogs to professional growers from Oakland warehouses wait daily in an antechamber before being ushered in one at a time .
It is here , surrounded by file cabinets , computers , and posters featuring holographic closeups of buds , that the medicine begins its long road to the sales counter .
It starts with paperwork and a small plastic - bagged test sample .
Analytical Laboratory Project cofounders and operators Dave and Addison usually show up in the afternoon to pick up the day 's new samples to test .
Both are in their early thirties , and dressed casually .
They have a mentor - student relationship with DeAngelo , who is sort of a legend in these parts .
" He 's older and he's this personality , " Dave said .
" We take a lot of guidance from him . "
DeAngelo is in his fifties and wears a long - sleeve shirt , tie , and corduroy pants with two gray ponytails peaking out from underneath a little fedora .
The Washington , DC - born drug reformer and charter member of Americans for Safe Access moved out West in 2000 after founding and selling the industrial hemp company Ecolution in the '90s .
After the passage of Prop. 215 , which legalized medical marijuana in California , DeAngelo grew medical cannabis but was shocked at the thugs running dispensaries .
" They seemed to have more in common with buying drugs down an alley in a bad city than it did with going into a medical facility and getting medicine , " he recalled .
So after Oakland cracked down on such facilities , DeAngelo decided to lead by example .
" I could n't think of anything more important to advance the cause than to provide a model of safe , affordable cannabis distribution that would be respectful not only of the patients but also of the neighbors and the community as a whole . "
In 2005 , DeAngelo began the process of complying with Oakland 's rigorous new permitting process .
He spent $ 400,000 over eleven months and received one of only four coveted permits .
Harborside opened on October 3 , 2006 , the very day the federal Drug Enforcement Agency was raiding pot clubs in San Francisco .
" I always expected I might face that moment of truth , but I did n't expect it five minutes after we opened , " he said .
Obama ’s pressure has finally broken a leading Israel lobbyist : Tom Friedman in the Times today .
Note the frank references to the Israel lobby and its influence in the Bush administration .
Not long ago Friedman dismissed this sort of talk as " conspiracy theory " in the Arab world .
Soon he ’ll be quoting Walt and Mearsheimer .
About time .
Take it away , Tom :
For years , the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and the pro-Israel lobby , rather than urging Israel to halt this corrosive process , used their influence to mindlessly protect Israel from U.S. pressure on this issue and to dissuade American officials and diplomats from speaking out against settlements .
Everyone in Washington knows this , and a lot of people — people who care about Israel — are sick of it …
Bottom line : Israelis need to understand this is not the Bush administration anymore , where they had the run of the White House ; they have a real problem with America on settlements .
How long before Friedman does a column explaining what he told Ari Shavit in Haaretz , that if you had kidnaped 25 neoconservatives within a mile of his D.C. office before the Iraq war , the war would n’t have happened ?
A statement of the Israel lobby ’s influence .
In a report issued today , Israeli peace group Ir Amim cautioned that even as the US was negotiating with Israel on a possible settlement freeze , the nation was dramatically accelerating the growth of settlements in East Jerusalem , a move the group cautioned was an “ urgent threat ” to the prospect of a negotiated settlement with the Palestinian Authority , which has sought East Jerusalem as its capital .
The report went on to note that though the expansion activity was largely being done by private groups , they were part of “ a strategic move , coordinated and facilitated by national governmental units ” to implant a Jewish population “ precisely in the areas of the most intense dispute in the Palestinian - Israeli conflict . ”
One of the most controversial incidents in recent weeks involved the eviction of more than 50 Palestinians from homes in East Jerusalem which they bought in 1958 , when it was Jordanian territory .
The government claimed the same homes had been bought by Jews during the Ottoman Empire era , and kicked the families into the street to use the land for a new settlement .
At the time the US formally protested the move , calling it unduly provocative .
Last week however it was reported that the US had reached a deal with the Israeli government whereby they would stop criticizing the settlement expansion in East Jerusalem , which Israel occupied militarily in 1967 and now insists is the eternal , undivided capital of its nation .
In case you have n’t heard , a couple of union members got physical with a teabagger at a town hall in St. Louis Friday night .
The “ victim , ” a Mr. Gladney ( helpfully described as a “ black conservative ” by the very teabaggers who accuse progressives of “ playing the race card ” ) , can be seen walking and talking just fine towards the camera immediately following the fight :
The next day , Gladney showed up at a teabagger rally a wheelchair , helpless and unable to speak :
But here Gladney is just a little while later talking to Neal Cavuto on Faux Noise :
Gladney must have been feeling better , as he stuck around the set to talk with Bill -O :
Gladney is the best example of Piltdown Politics since Ashley Todd carved a backwards ‘ B ’ on her cheek .
In a previous career , I took lots of video of Worker ’s Compensation cheats , but I ’ve never seen a malingerer out himself on national television .
Teabaggers are consistent !
With acting !
H/t to Political Carnival
Gladney did not address Saturday ’s crowd of about 200 people .
His attorney , David Brown , however , read a prepared statement Gladney wrote .
“ A few nights ago there was an assault on my liberty , and on yours , too . ”
Brown read .
“ This should never happen in this country . ” Supporters cheered .
Brown finished by telling the crowd that Gladney is accepting donations toward his medical expenses .
Gladney told reporters he was recently laid off and has no health insurance .
( Emphasis mine )
UPDATE : It gets even better
You could n’t make that up if you tried !
In a recent post Nate brought to our attention the work of Richard Duncan and Walter Youngquist published in 1999 in a paper called Encircling the Peak of World Oil Production .
In 2007 I performed a simple analysis of the reliability of their forecasts for 26 countries ( out of 42 country forecasts that were published ) that were checked against what had actually come to pass as documented in the BP statistical review of world energy .
The results are shown above .
The sum of the differences is - 7 years which on average is - 0.3 years per country .
At the ASPO conference in Houston , October 2007 , I gave a presentation on Saudi Oil reserves and a production forecast that was born out of several posts by Stuart Staniford , myself and others which are linked at the end of this article .
In my talk ( which can be found here on the ASPO server ) I presented the forecast shown below and afterwards an elderly gentleman who I did not know at that time , was keen to show me a paper that he and Richard Duncan had published some 8 years earlier that was titled " Encircling the peak of World Oil Production " .
The gentleman , who I would later learn was Walter Youngquist wanted to show me that their forecast for peak Saudi oil production was 2011 , the same date which I had determined from a rather different approach .
On my way home , sitting on the plane sipping the first of many G&Ts I read the paper and realised that the reliability of Duncan and Younquist 's forecasts could be tested .
Eight years had passed since their forecasts were made and it was possible to verify their forecasts with what had actually come to pass .
I just happened to have a copy of the 2007 BP statistical review on my lap top and so I set to work .
Duncan and Youngquist list 42 countries representing 98 % of global production in Table 1 .
Of those , 8 countries were already past peak at the time the paper was written and a further 5 countries were forecast to peak some time after 2007 ( the year I first looked at this data ) , those being Brazil , Iraq , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and the UAE .
A further 3 countries are not listed by BP leaving a group of 26 countries that were forecast to peak between 1999 and 2007 .
I have just updated this exercise using the 2009 statistical review .
I compared Duncan and Youngquists 's forecast date with actual peak dates for individual countries .
The distribution of these differences are shown in the chart up top .
Once I had sorted the data I realised the most significant point was the rough normal distribution and that countries that had been " overestimated " were balanced by countries where an " underestimate " had been made .
Summing the differences yields a value of - 7 years when averaged for the 26 countries yields - 0.3 years or - 4 months per country forecast .
Weighting the countries for annual production reduces this bias further .
This is a remarkable achievement .
Their methodology is as follows :
The software ( " tool " ) used for the conclusions expressed in this paper , we have termed the " World Oil Forecasting Program " which consists of two distinct , stand - alone models for each nation .
The Numeric Forecasting Model
The first model ( " N model " ) is quantitative , using production data and mathematics on a translated coordinate system to produce an intermediate " helper " forecast for each nation .
This , the so - called " guide " forecast ( " G forecast " ) , is a purely mechanical prediction of future production .
In some examples , the G forecast can provide useful information about the shape of future oil production by providing a lower boundary on the estimated ultimate recovery ( EUR ) and the probable shape of the future production curve .
However , in other circumstances , it is not useful , as in the situation of the OPEC production quota - limited countries .
The N model produces the G forecast , the best forecast we are able to make based solely on historic production data , and mathematics .
Data are from British Petroleum ( 1968 -1997 ) and Campbell ( 1991 ) .
Details are in Duncan ( 1996 ) .
The guide forecast is just one of many items of information that may be used in the second model portion of the World Oil Forecasting Program .
The Heuristic Forecasting Model
By definition , " heuristic " denotes a method of solving a problem for which no algorithm exists .
It involves trial and error , as in iteration .
In this discussion heuristic knowledge indicates " soft , " " qualitative , " or " judgmental " knowledge .
Although judgmental knowledge is lacking in the Numeric model , it is crucial for oil forecasting in the heuristic model ( " H model " ) .
The H model provides the user with a powerful interface for oil forecasting , chief of which is a three - curve graph for each nation with years 1960 to 2040 on the x axis , and production on the y axis ( Fig .
1 . Curve 1 shows the historic data from 1960 through 1996 — a crucial reference for forecasting .
Curve 2 shows the guide forecast ( previously discussed ) and is useful as the lower bound curve .
Curves 1 and 2 are important forecasting aids , but they are only the beginning .
Curve 3 also displays the historic data from 1960 through 1996 , but this time the data serve as a base for a new and better forecast 1997 through 2040 .
A so - called graphical input device ( GID ) makes it easy to enter and run different trial forecasts .
After each trial run , a different estimated ultimate recovery ( EUR ) value is displayed so , after making several runs , the user can select an upper - bound curve for each nation .
Thus , now confined by lower and upper curves , and further modified by judgmental input , the user extends the most recent production trend seamlessly into the curve extending through the year 2040 , providing what we termed the " judgmental " forecast ( J forecast ) of future oil production , one nation at a time .
Details of the heuristic model are in Duncan ( 1997 ) .
In our 42 - nation study , we also have grouped the nations into seven regions ( Figs. 2 - 8 and Table 2 ) , and made a world summary ( Fig. 1 and Table 1 ) , which are the output of the heuristic model . "
Anyone who has ever attempted to forecast oil or gas production will know that the minute the forecast is published you think of something you missed or a better way to do it .
It is not an easy task working with numerous , often poorly constrained variables .
Duncan and Younquist did make some mistakes , notably Qatar where I imagine they underestimated natural gas liquid production from the North Field and Tunisia where they anticipated a second peak in 2009 , that did materialise in 2007 but failed to exceed the earlier peak of 1980 .
The important thing is that the errors are not biased .
To the 5 countries forecast to peak beyond 2008 that are listed above we have to add Angola , Qatar and China which set records in 2008 and which may yet have a future peak date
This on - going uncertainty is not incorporated in the analysis of Duncan and Younquist 's forecasts where the difference recorded is that between their forecast dates and 2008 .
Duncan and Youngquist forecast that world oil production would peak at 30.64 Gb/ annum in 2007 translating to 83.95 mmbpd .
According to BP , 2007 production was 81.44 mmbpd that was exceeded by 81.82 mmbpd in 2008 .
It is of course premature to call 2008 as peak year although I am increasingly skeptical that the 2008 production will ever be exceed .
If Duncan and Youngquist 's unbiased accuracy follows through to Brazil and the 4 big gulf producers - Iraq , Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and the UAE , then this will underpin their 2007 peak oil forecast , reinforcing the view that 2008 saw the passing of peak oil .
Duncan and Younquist told us 10 years ago that peak oil will be buried in a bumpy plateau and that a number of years must pass before it will be evident from declining production that peak has indeed passed .
The exact timing is unimportant .
The important thing is the knowledge that we are within the plateau and that some scientists do understand the above and below ground factors leading to peak and that their warnings of decline past peak and its consequences should not be ignored .
Workers had reportedly been angered by merger talks
Thousands of Chinese steel workers rioted at news of a takeover deal , beating one manager to death , a Hong Kong human rights group has said .
About 100 people were hurt in violence in the north - eastern city of Tonghua after workers heard that Jianlong Steel would buy a majority share .
They were reportedly frustrated at financial problems during Jianlong Steel 's temporary control last year .
Jianlong general manager Chen Guojun was beaten to death , the group said .
The Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy said 30,000 steel workers clashed with riot police on Friday in the north - east province of Jilin .
The centre reported that Mr Chen was paid about three million yuan ( $ 440,000 ) last year , while Tonghua 's retired workers received as little as 200 yuan a month .
The South China Morning
Post quoted a police officer as saying the workers would not allow emergency medical staff to enter the building to help Mr Chen .
The Tonghua workers also reportedly blocked highways and smashed three police vehicles in Tonghua city , the centre said .
A new Wal - Mart store shows off the company 's new logo in Loveland , Colorado July 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
ORLANDO , Florida ( Reuters ) - Wal - Mart Stores
Inc is discussing with U.S. health officials the possibility of putting vaccination sites at some of its stores for an H1N1 swine flu inoculation campaign this fall , a company official said on Thursday .
Federal officials met with Wal - Mart executives on Wednesday in Arkansas to discuss the issue , Dr. John Agwunobi , president of health and wellness for Wal - Mart U.S. , told public health leaders at a conference in Orlando .
“ We are in discussions with CDC ( U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ) and others in local and state departments to see what role we might play , ” Agwunobi said .
“ It might be we are a site .
It may be help with logistics and with supply chain . ”
Agwunobi said 140 million people walk through the doors of its 4,000 U.S. stores each week .
U.S. health advisers have said about half the U.S. population should be vaccinated against H1N1 influenza .
Up to 160 million doses of flu vaccine will be available for the start of the campaign in mid-October .
The H1N1 swine flu , characterized by mild symptoms in most patients , is now so widespread that the World Health Organization has stopped counting cases .
Speaking at the National Association of County and City Health Officials ( NACCHO ) annual conference , Agwunobi also said Wal - Mart is planning to be a site this fall for seasonal flu vaccinations , administered by a third - party , at stores in most parts of the country .
As if California did n’t have enough to deal with its budget crisis , now the FT reports that the two largest pension funds in the US have recorded steep losses following the turmoil in stock markets , with the value of their combined portfolios shrinking by almost $ 100bn
The California Public Employees ’ Retirement System ( Calpers ) and the California State Teachers ’ Retirement System ( Calstrs ) were hit by the real estate slowdown and the slump in global equities .
Calpers said the fall in the value of its assets was the most severe in its history .
“ This result is not a surprise ; it is about what we expected , given the collapse of markets across the globe , ” said Joe Dear , investment chief at Calpers .
The value of Calpers assets fell 23.4 per cent for the year to June 30 , raising concerns that state employees and local governments might have to increase their ontributions to cover the shortfall .
But Calpers presented a bullish view .
“ The system has more than enough cash through contributions and income from investments to meet our present liabilities , so we are in a good position to ride out the current downturn and come out stronger , ” said Mr Dear .
The market value of Calpers assets was $ 180.9 bn ( £ 110bn ) on June 30 , down from $ 237.1 bn on the same date the previous year .
The value of the portfolio had fallen to $ 160bn in March of this year but rebounded by $ 20bn by the end of June thanks to a partial recovery in equity markets .
Both organisations shifted a portion of their portfolios out of equities and into fixed income and real estate during the year to take advantage of lower prices .
Calpers also said it was “ realigning relationships with hedge funds and private equity partners ” .
This would lead to “ reduced fees , better alignment of interests , and more mutually beneficial long - term relationships ” .
The value of Calpers real estate and private equity investments fell by 35.8 per cent and 31.4 per cent respectively in the year to June 30 .
Calstrs was hit by the same macro-economic factors , with the value of its assets falling from $ 162.2bn to $ 118.8bn in the 12 months to June 30 .
The organisation wrote down the value of its property holdings rather than spread the writedown over several years , which saw the value of its real estate portfolio shrink by 43 per cent .
“ We ’re now in a position to turn round our real estate returns , ” said Christopher Ailman , Calstrs chief investment officer , adding the organisation planned to acquire “ high - quality assets from distressed sellers at attractive deep discounts ” .
The steep annual decline could exacerbate Calstrs long - term funding gap of $ 22.5 bn .
“ Our members ’ benefits are secure , yet the current economic picture clearly illustrates investments alone cannot meet pension obligations in the long term , ” said Jack Ehnes , Calstrs chief executive .
He added : “ We are not in a crisis to resolve the contribution gap , but the sooner a solution is found , the lower the cost . ”
Disenchantment among the British electorate with the three main parties is at a record high after 10 days of revelations about the expenses claims of the nation 's MPs .
Two in five say they will refuse to vote or select one of the minor parties , such as the Greens or Ukip , rather than support the Tories , Labour or the Liberal Democrats , a ComRes poll shows .
The figures presented on the front page today are percentages for the entire electorate , and so include the 23 per cent who say they will not vote in the Westminster elections .
They also include 17 per cent who will consider voting for a minor party – and that could prove a big opportunity for the Greens and Ukip at the forthcoming European polls , where they would be expected to do much better than in the first - past - the - post system .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 40 per cent for " none of the above " is compared with 31 per cent for the Tories , 16 per cent for Labour and 13 per cent for the Lib Dems .
Among those absolutely certain to vote , the figures are even more stark – 64 per cent back " none of the above " .
Of these , 54 per cent are unlikely to vote and 10 per cent back other parties .
This would leave the Conservatives on 18 per cent , Labour on 10 per cent and the Lib Dems on 8 per cent , suggesting there may be a record low turnout at the next election .
On the traditional state of the parties measure , Labour slides five points on last month to another record low – 21 per cent – with the Tories also slipping five , though well out in front on 41 per cent .
The Lib Dems remain at 18 per cent .
In an election , this would give David Cameron a majority of 152 .
The slump of Labour and the Tories since the ComRes poll for The Independent last month underscores how the main parties are being punished for the expenses scandal .
And a supplementary question asked of voters suggests that 43 per cent will consider voting for a minor party in the European elections next month .
Other polls suggest that the Greens are set to double their 6 per cent of last time round .
Andrew Hawkins , chief executive of ComRes , said : " I can't remember any time when the minor parties were at anything like this level . "
In an attempt to regain the initiative and restore trust , Gordon Brown will today issue a veiled threat to ministers whose expenses are under investigation that they could be sacked .
The Prime Minister warns that any minister who is found to have " morally " or technically broken the rules " will not serve " with his government .
He adds that Labour MPs found to be cheating will be deselected .
The Metropolitan Police has announced that it will this week consider launching criminal investigations into MPs ' expenses claims .
Downing Street sources refused to comment on the " scoping " inquiries into several MPs , including Chancellor Alistair Darling , Transport Secretary Geoff Hoon and the employment minister Tony McNulty .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The Speaker , Michael Martin , will also come under intense pressure to carry the can for the scandal , with friends suggesting he might announce his intention to stand down before the next election to try to appease critics .
A motion of no confidence is expected to be tabled by MPs as early as tomorrow .
His former media adviser , John Stonborough , told The Sunday Times last night that Mr Martin ruled with a " reign of terror " that allegedly held up a solution to the expenses crisis .
Yesterday Martin Bell , the anti-sleaze campaigner , suggested he might stand for election against an MP hit by the scandal , possibly the Speaker .
There were reports last night that even the Queen has made clear to Mr Brown her unhappiness at the crisis .
And an investigation by the IoS has discovered that Britain 's MPs are taking advantage of another allowances " loophole " that lets them channel taxpayers ' money into the network of local constituency associations around the country .
More than 100 MPs are using expenses to pay their often impoverished constituency parties thousands of pounds a year for facilities and services such as rent and secretarial help .
The MPs , who include Mr Cameron and nine members of his Shadow Cabinet , say they are paying for legitimate business services and that the arrangements have the blessing of House of Commons authorities .
In the ComRes poll , 50 per cent disagree with the statement that " most MPs are honest and have been let down by the greed of a minority " , while 46 per cent agree .
Six out of 10 voters believe Mr Cameron has dealt with the expenses issue better than Mr Brown .
Yet there is bad news for Labour MPs hoping for a fresh start under a candidate such as Alan Johnson , with just 32 per cent of people agreeing that the Health Secretary would be a better Prime Minister than Mr Brown .
The Sunday Telegraph today printed more revelations , including the expenses of the Tory MP Julian Lewis , who claimed more than £ 7,000 for redecorating his second home and installing new kitchen appliances .
The MP for New Forest East denied any wrongdoing and said he would be " astonished " if an internal party audit ordered by Mr Cameron would judge any of his claims unreasonable and demand he return the cash .
Labour MP
David Chaytor became the second in his party to be suspended , following Elliot Morley 's downfall last week , after he admitted claiming £ 13,000 in mortgage interest payments for a mortgage that had been repaid .
Mr Chaytor said he had made an " unforgivable error " and apologised unreservedly .
A ComRes poll of European voting intentions for the Sunday Express , commissioned by Ukip , put the Tories on 28 per cent , Labour on 20 and the Lib Dems on 14 .
Ukip were on 15 , the Greens on 11 and the BNP on 4 per cent .
And a BPIX / Mail on Sunday survey of general election voting intentions put the Tories on 42 per cent and Labour down at 20 per cent .
The L.A. Times reports that Arnold Schwarzenegger is taking advantage of California ’s budget crisis to ram through his pet reforms .
Among the Governator ’s big ideas : making it even harder for the starving poor to get food stamps .
If Schwarzenegger does n’t sign a budget by Thursday , the state will begin sending the poor , elderly and disabled IOUs instead of benefits .
Los Angeles Times :
The governor readily admits that he sees the crisis as a chance to make big changes to government — to “ reform the system , ” he said Friday — with proposals he has struggled to advance in the past .
Among them : reorganizing state bureaucracy , eliminating patronage boards and curbing fraud in social services that Democrats have traditionally protected .
The governor also would like to move past the budget crisis to reach a deal on California ’s water problems that has so far eluded him .
By agreeing to a partial budget solution such as one the Assembly approved Thursday , the governor would lose leverage to accomplish many of those things .
Without the pressure of imminent insolvency , Democrats might be less likely to agree to his demands .
Read more
Success in life is always relative .
Some people are happy with small achievements while there are others who wo n’t be satisfied until mountains are moved .
Regardless of our ambitions , our career spans through a series of jobs and experiences that truly polish our personality and will .
While we all have defining moments that will determine our core beliefs around hard work , persistence , determination , etc. , these are all simply components of a greater foundation that defines ‘ you ’ .
A rocking rise through corporate ranks involves a radical understanding and possible change in your attitude and behaviors .
There are millions of brilliant people who pursue aggressive career paths and have their sights set on great achievement .
While their ability is nothing short of genius , many lack the soft skills that could put them over the top .
These are the traits , qualities and understandings are what make good people great .
Practical and time tested , mastering and practicing the following qualities will make if difficult for success to elude you .
Out of Box Thinking
Many dislike this term but the concept is for real .
All it requires is thinking of problems though a different set of eyes , or different dimension .
This is why many brainstorming sessions fail ; most people sit and think of work problems in the context of what it means to the company , not the user , not the environment , etc .
Sit back and try to solve the problem from the eyes of a 6 year old , turn things upside down , and absolutely challenge the norm .
Go outside and sit in a subway station ( or somewhere you generally do n’t sit to work ) and think about why other solutions not worked ?
What has worked ?
Remember the best ideas come from people who are hands - on with their work .
When everyone thinks and recommends a lacklusterway , lackluster results will follow .
Change your surroundings , change your views , change your thought process and come up with a killer idea !
Taking Ownership
When no one is willing to own it , be the first to grab the opportunity .
A process involving various stakeholders normally loses vision and momentum .
A process with a good leader , input from others , and true direction , has a much better chance of success .
Be the person that jumps in and takes on a new project ( just do n’t over - commit ) .
An ability to own and work towards success is a skill which gives long lasting returns .
Eagerness to Learn
After a certain period , a job becomes monotonous and people become bored and eventually even lazy .
They lose all the zeal to learn new things and although they wo n’t admit this , their actions would make you believe they have thrown in the towel and are satisfied with a status quo life and career .
If you really want to move ahead , do n’t get into this rut .
Do n’t tune out .
Always remain eager to learn ; you never know what knowledge or capability will push you up in your career .
Remember , you need an open mindset and positive attitude to approach work .
If you are constantly learning , it will be tough to be or appear to be interested in mediocrity .
An Eye for Detail
If you are hands on with your work there is no reason why you wo n’t know the intricacies involved .
Therefore , have the confidence needed to make difficult choices .
When you master something and know the minute details , your logic and ideas will be highly regarded .
While people love to argue , they get easily impressed by intelligent reasoning too .
Willingness to Help
Much of life is give and take .
Work is no exception .
If you are the person that is constantly stepping out of your comfort zone in order to help others , people ( most ) will return the favor when you ask .
That ’s the key though , you have to be willing to help someone and not too proud to ask them for help when you need it .
Networking
Your network should never be restricted to people in your domain but it should span other departments too .
Again , break away from comfort and get engaged with someone from a different department .
When you sell yourself in the market , you need people who can vouch for you and the broader the network , the better .
A strong network always gives you an upper hand , not only to receive but also influence the information flow .
Solution Seeking Mindset
People love to mention and talk about problems .
However , when you ask for their solutions to those problems , they are n’t willing to go on record with sweeping changes .
The majority of employees lack an attitude to solve issues and love to keep them burning for long time , almost to encourage sympathy .
It is these times that a positive mindset can send the right vibes across and can really give you a lot of attention .
Do n’t avoid complainers , listen to them just long enough to hear the problem , then try to come up with a solution .
Humility
Arrogance has its own advantages but it never attracts more people than the magic done by humility .
When you know your work and are humble about it than there is no reason that you would not get the desired appreciation .
Humility needs to be pitched with much care lest it lets people take undue advantage of you .
Strike the right balance and you would see its real magic .
Being Practical
Human beings are emotional and many fall for popular decisions .
A practical decision made at right time with right attitude has the ability to shower you with long lasting fame .
Remember , the people who are at the top are nothing but practical .
It is a jungle out there where you not only need to survive but flourish too .
Develop the killer attitude for success and no one would ever dare to stop you .
Always
Work Hard
Make sure the world knows about it Make sure to sell it in right manner to right people
Go , Get Success
Written on 8/11/2009 by Amit Gupta .
Amit is the author of Mystic Madness , a personal development blog related to professional life .
The blog aims to develop an attitude and soft skills which are nothing but practical .
The blog strives to live by its motto : Think Different .
Rock Life .
Photo Credit : star5112
by Miguel de Icaza
First the big news : Microsoft will be applying the Community Promise patent licensing to both C# and the CLI .
The announcement was done by Peter Galli at Microsoft over at Port25 and it states ( emphasis is mine ) :
I have some good news to announce : Microsoft will be applying the Community Promise to the ECMA 334 and ECMA 335 specs .
ECMA 334 specifies the form and establishes the interpretation of programs written in the C# programming language , while the ECMA 335 standard defines the Common Language Infrastructure ( CLI ) in which applications written in multiple high - level languages can be executed in different system environments without the need to rewrite those applications to take into consideration the unique characteristics of those environments .
" The Community Promise is an excellent vehicle and , in this situation , ensures the best balance of interoperability and flexibility for developers , " Scott Guthrie , the Corporate Vice President for the .
Net Developer Platform , told me July 6 .
It is important to note that , under the Community Promise , anyone can freely implement these specifications with their technology , code , and solutions .
You do not need to sign a license agreement , or otherwise communicate to Microsoft how you will implement the specifications .
The Promise applies to developers , distributors , and users of Covered Implementations without regard to the development model that created the implementations , the type of copyright licenses under which it is distributed , or the associated business model .
Under the Community Promise , Microsoft provides assurance that it will not assert its Necessary Claims against anyone who makes , uses , sells , offers for sale , imports , or distributes any Covered Implementation under any type of development or distribution model , including open - source licensing models such as the LGPL or GPL .
You can find the terms of the Microsoft Community Promise here .
I told you this was good news !
A few months ago we approached Bob Muglia and Brian Goldfarb ( @bgoldy ) at Microsoft with a request to clarify the licensing situation for the ECMA standards covering C# and the CLI ( also ISO standards , for the ISO loving among you ) .
Previously Microsoft had detailed the patent license plans and today they have delivered on those plans .
Astute readers will point out that Mono contains much more than the ECMA standards , and they will be correct .
In the next few months we will be working towards splitting the jumbo Mono source code that includes ECMA +
A lot more into two separate source code distributions .
One will be ECMA , the other will contain our implementation of ASP .
NET , ADO .
NET , Winforms and others .
Depending on how you get Mono today , you might already have the this split in house or not .
Thanks to everyone at Microsoft that worked to get this approved and released .
We appreciate that they made this a priority when we approached them , and we know that everyone in the .NET team was also incredibly busy with various betas : .NET 4 , Visual Studio 2010 , Silverlight , MVC , MEF and much more .
I am overflowing with joy right now .
Cheers !
Update : Send your thanks to @bgoldy on tweeter , who crossed all the t's and dotted all the i's to make this happen .
Update : Moderation of comments is taking place .
Off topic messages will be removed immediatly .
Trolling , as mild as it might be will be deleted .
If you want to argue what language is the best one take the debate to a newsgroup .
Inadvertently , Martha has become my girl this week as I ’ve been floundering around trying to figure out what to do with my seasonal produce that a ) I have n’t done before and b ) does n’t require any great amount of fussing .
Or work .
Or adherence to recipes .
( Okay , that last part may be more of a Deb than a Martha thing , but you wo n’t tell her , right ? )
The arugula , potato and green bean salad was good and well enough for a Wednesday night , but did little to help me turn last week ’s languishing South Jersey peaches into something better .
( Who forgets they have almost two pounds of farm fresh peaches in their fridge ?
Guilty as charged . )
I ’ve already cobbler -ed , baited , dumpling -ed and shortcaked this summer , with a little extra hand pie thrown in on July 4th , and I wanted something new when Martha swept in , saving the day , with a pie that looked so ridiculously simple but curiously original , it had to be mine .
Er , ours .
There are only four things going on here : a single pie crust , some streusel , hunks of quartered peaches and crème fraîche but when they ’re baked together , the crust becomes a shell that decks your plate with pastry flecks and flakes and the filling bakes itself into something more like a tangy custard and less like a traditionally sweet slumpy pie .
This is a peach pie for grownups , almost excessively so : I always wish desserts were a little less sweet and still felt this pie would benefit from additional sugar ( I present that option below ) .
But mostly , we just loved this .
It comes together so quickly and has a richness that most baked fruit desserts lack — it must be all that double cream — and if you already have a pie crust on hand , you wo n’t believe how fast you can churn this out .
Or how fast it might disappear .
Two years ago : Double Chocolate Layer Cake
Peach and Crème Fraîche Pie
Adapted really loosely from Martha Stewart Living
1/2 recipe All - Butter , Really Flaky Pie Dough , chilled for at least an hour in the fridge
Streusel
1/4 cup confectioners ’ sugar
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
Pinch of salt
3 to 6 tablespoons all - purpose flour ( I needed the latter amount to get this into a crumble )
1/4 cup cold ( 1/2 stick ) unsalted butter , cut into pieces
Filling
1 1/2 pounds ripe ( 4 to 5 medium ) yellow peaches , pitted and quartered
2 to 4 tablespoons granulated sugar
Pinch of salt
5 tablespoons crème fraîche *
Prepare pie dough : Roll out pie dough ( look ! : a tutorial ) to about 1/8 - inch thick and fit into a regular ( not deep dish ) pie plate , 9 1/ 2 to 10 inches in diameter .
Trim edge to 1/2 inch ; fold under and crimp as desired .
Pierce bottom of dough all over with a fork .
Transfer to freezer for 30 minutes .
Preheat oven to 400 °F right before you take it out .
Make streusel : Stir confectioners ’ sugar , baking powder , salt and three tablespoons flour together in a small bowl .
Add bits of cold butter , and either using a fork , pastry blender or your fingertips , work them into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs .
Add additional flour as needed ; I needed to almost double it to get the mixture crumbly , but my kitchen is excessively warm and the butter wanted to melt .
Set aside .
Par - bake crust : Tightly press a piece of aluminum foil against frozen pie crust .
From here , you ought to fill the shell with pie weights or dried beans , or you can wing it like certainly lazy people we know , hoping the foil will be enough to keep the crust shape in place .
Bake for 10 minutes , then remove carefully remove foil and any weights you have used , press any bubbled - up spots in with the back of a spoon , and return the crust to the oven for another 5 to 8 minutes , or until it is lightly golden brown .
Transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly .
Reduce oven temperature to 375 °F .
[ P.S . If you ’re not overly - concerned about “ soggy bottoms ” ( in the words of Julia Child ) you can save time by skipping the par - baking step .
Given the light nature of the filling , odds are good that it would not become excessively damp even without the parbake . ]
Make the filling : Sprinkle quartered peaches with sugar ( two tablespoons will make a just - barely - sweeteened pie ; add the other two for a still not overly - sweet but sweeter pie ) and salt .
Let sit for 10 minutes .
Spread two tablespoons crème fraîche in bottom of par - baked pie shell , sprinkle with one - third of the streusel and fan the peach quarters decoratively on top .
Dot the remaining three tablespoons of crème fraîche on the peaches and sprinkle with remaining streusel .
Bake the pie :
Until the crème fraîche is bubble and the streusel is golden brown , about 50 minutes .
Cover edge of crust with a strip of foil if it browns too quickly .
Let cool on a wire rack at least 15 minutes before serving .
I stored this in the fridge , due to the crème fraîche , and found that I liked it even better cold , with the flavors better married .
* Make your own crème fraîche :
It ’s true !
You can make a version of it at home , using these instructions .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
..
Autistic Child Charged with Disorderly Conduct by
The Chambersburg ( PA ) Borough Police Department , After Bullying Incident
Written By : Dateline CNN Investigative Reporter
Sheri Reece
A 12 year old boy in Chambersburg , PA has overcome many hurdles in his life pertaining to his extreme disabilities .
After his family relocated to Chambersburg , PA , he was enrolled into Chambersburg Area Middle School .
His mother made sure they fully understood her son's specific needs , getting all his previous records faxed to the new principal .
They reassured the mother that the 12 year old would be supervised constantly while at school , a personal assistant was to be by his side at all times , due to several medical conditions including daily seizures .
On Monday , February 27th at Chambersburg Area Middle School , a fight broke out involving the autistic boy , due to another classmate bullying him because of his disabilities .
The teacher 's aide that was assigned as his assistant , was nowhere to be found .
Shortly after , the Chambersburg Borough Police Department was called to the school and the autistic boy was sent back to class .
His mother was never notified of the incident until , she picked her son up later that day .
The Principal explained to the mother that her son would be charged with disorderly conduct .
Meanwhile , no one from the Chambersburg Borough Police Department had talked to the boy personally or interviewed him , never listening to his side of the story .
They simply took the other student 's word and wrote a ticket charging him with disorderly conduct .
Approximately two weeks after the incident , the mother received a ticket in the mail for her 12 year old son .
Charging him with disorderly conduct and a $ 185.00 dollar fine , stating they had ten days to pay it or a warrant would be issued for his arrest immediately .
The 12 year old boy cannot even read or write due to his disabilities .
After talking to the mother this morning , she stated that she cannot comprehend how the police can even begin to file charges on her son without ever speaking to him or her .
Several attempts to contact the Chambersburg Borough Police Department were made but , we were unable to get a return call in regards to this case .
It 's obvious that the Chambersburg Borough Police Department has problems within the department .
The family has now sought legal counsel and is in the process of filing a civil action lawsuit against the school board for their lack of supervision and negligence towards her son 's critical needs .
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
August 7 , 2009
Lawyer Arrested for Accepting Cash
in Exchange for Promise to Tamper with Grand Jury Witness Testimony
Written By : Dateline CNN Investigative Reporter
Sheri Reece
An attorney was arrested late Tuesday after accepting $ 53,500 in cash that he believed was half of a bribe being paid in exchange for him instructing his client to lie to a federal prosecutor and a federal grand jury investigating allegations of immigration fraud .
Alfred Nash Villalobos , 44 , a South Lake
Tahoe resident who recently relocated from West Hills , was arrested by FBI agents Tuesday afternoon at a law office in Century City .
Villalobos was charged in a criminal complaint filed yesterday with obstruction of a grand jury proceeding .
According to the affidavit in support of the complaint filed yesterday in United States District Court in Los Angeles , Villalobos agreed to the Century City meeting to accept more than $ 50,000 in cash , which was to be the first installment of a $ 107,000 bribe from a second attorney who in fact was cooperating with the FBI .
The second attorney , identified in court papers as “ CW2 , ” represents an individual identified in court papers as “ CW1 . ”
The complaint provides limited details about the alleged immigration fraud in which CW1 is being investigated for possibly providing false proof of employment to assist immigrants to fraudulently obtain status under a provision of federal law that makes immigrants engaged in religious occupations eligible for work visas .
CW1 is suspected of paying wages to immigrants , who then used their paychecks to verify their employment as religious workers at a social service organization that was operated by CW1 .
The immigrants allegedly then returned their wages to the organization .
Villalobos represented one of the purported workers involved in the immigration fraud under investigation by the grand jury .
Villalobos advised CW2 that Villalobos ' client was contacted by the government to provide testimony about the alleged fraud and therefore was in a position to assist CW2's client .
During a series of communications between Villalobos and CW2 detailed in the complaint affidavit , Villalobos proposed a strategy in which he would instruct his client to provide false testimony that would benefit CW1 , the subject of the alleged immigration fraud , by asserting that the employment with the social service organization and payment by CW1 was legitimate .
In exchange for the false testimony by his client , Villalobos expected to be paid $ 107,000 in cash .
Villalobos explained that his client would be coached to make false statements during an upcoming interview scheduled with a federal prosecutor , and he “ guaranteed ” that his client would provide testimony consistent with that interview during grand jury testimony .
Villalobos suggested to CW2 that the illicit payment be disguised as a settlement for a sexual harassment matter between his client and CW2's client , proposing that that they fabricate a “ plausible ” scenario based on their purported employee - employer relationship .
CW2 cooperated with the FBI by making consensual recordings of his conversations with Villalobos , during which Villalobos requested $ 107,000 in cash , plus charitable donation receipts from the social service organization where the immigrants were allegedly employed .
At one point , Villalobos suggested that part of the payment could be in the form of a $ 6,000 charitable donation receipt for a $ 100 painting he would donate to the social services organization .
According to the complaint , Villalobos stated that he preferred to avoid putting his agreement with CW2 in writing , and indicated he had engaged in receiving large cash payments in the past .
Villalobos stated that on one occasion he had received a bag containing $ 80,000 , according to the complaint .
The complaint alleges that when CW2 asked Villalobos what would happen if the money was not paid in exchange for the manufactured testimony , Villalobos said that CW2's client would be “ rolling the dice . ”
Villalobos also agreed that , for an additional fee , he would instruct his client to make false statements about another witness expected to be subpoenaed to appear before the grand jury that was investigating the alleged immigration scheme .
Villalobos agreed to instruct his client to provide information indicating the additional witness was unhappy with CW1 while employed at the social services organization .
Villalobos agreed that such statements would lead the grand jury to believe that a fraud scheme did not exist , but rather , that CW1 was targeted by a disgruntled employee who fabricated criminal activity involving immigration fraud .
Villalobos and CW2 scheduled yesterday afternoon 's meeting in Century City so the first half of the $ 107,000 bribe could be paid in cash .
Villalobos agreed to accept the other half after his client provided the promised false testimony .
After Villalobos accepted the cash , he was taken into custody without incident .
Villalobos will have an initial appearance before a federal magistrate this afternoon in United States District Court in Los Angeles .
The alleged immigration scheme discussed in the complaint remains under investigation , and no additional details regarding the matter can be released due to the ongoing investigation .
A criminal complaint involves allegations that a defendant has committed a crime .
Every defendant is presumed to be innocent until and unless proven guilty in court .
The charge of obstruction of a grand jury proceeding carries a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in federal prison .
This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________
Feds forgo assets of admittedly corrupt : Crisis in county government
By Rachel Dissell
Ohio —
If former MetroHealth Medical Center Vice President John J. Carroll had sold drugs instead of having accepted bribes for construction contracts , would the federal government have swept in and seized all of his ill - gotten gains ?
Probably , legal experts say .
Carroll agreed to serve 11 years in prison and pay back part of $ 628,000 pilfered from the hospital as part of the sweeping Cuyahoga County government corruption investigation .
But the 62 - year - old executive , who admitted to letting contractors bribe him with expensive jewelry and rugs , a sauna and Jacuzzi , a washer and dryer , a $ 5,000 computer , scuba gear and golf equipment , in addition to international vacations , was able to hang on to the gifts -- along with his public pension ..
Carroll is one of more than a dozen people who so far have pleaded guilty to charges in the investigation in which prosecutors say public officials took bribes or treated taxpayer money as their own .
The schemes allowed them to pad their incomes with public money and enjoy lavish lifestyles -- posh gulf - front Florida condos , luxury vacations , tens of thousands of dollars in free home improvements and more .
Yet it does n't appear that federal prosecutors are aggressively going after the criminal gains , said Geoffrey Mearns , dean of Cleveland State University 's Cleveland - Marshall College of Law .
Taking assets and public pensions -- as restitution and punishment -- should be a top priority , he said , because it is vital to preventing future public officials and employees from abusing public trust .
"
If they are going to take the condo in Boca and the wife 's mink coat , that is going to be a deterrent , that is going to send a message to the next guy , " Mearns said .
Federal agents raided Carroll 's Bainbridge Township home more than a year ago .
Despite that , he was able to sell the home two months later for $ 280,000 , even boasting in the real estate listing about many of the household appliances and accouterments authorities say were part of the bribes .
It 's not clear why federal agents chose not to haul the items from Carroll 's home .
But legal experts say the process of seizing assets in white - collar crime can be far more messy and protracted than in street crime or drug cases , where officials can more readily connect extravagant lifestyles with illegal proceeds .
" Tracing the money is often harder in public - corruption cases because the people have some legitimate sources of income , where drug dealers usually don't , " said Stephanos Bibas , a professor of law and criminology at the University of Pennsylvania .
Carroll , for instance , made $ 195,000 a year from the hospital and taught statistics and mathematics - related classes part time at local colleges .
William Edwards , a spokesman for the federal prosecutor 's office , said the office does " aggressively pursue restitution and forfeitures to the best of our abilities .
" He would not go into specifics about the current cases , saying only that each case is dealt with individually .
As part of his plea , Carroll agreed to pay back his part of the stolen money with at least 10 percent of his pension per month while he is in prison and on probation .
According to state pension calculations , Carroll would be eligible for nearly $ 55,000 a year .
That is in addition to pension money he earned in previous jobs at two other Cleveland - area hospitals .
Carroll 's attorney , Roger Synenberg , would n't discuss how the parties negotiated the pension - for - restitution payments .
But he said leaving someone penniless should n't be considered the best deterrent to future criminal behavior .
" It 's difficult to think of a greater deterrent for this than 11 years in a federal prison , " he said .
Of the half - dozen plea deals struck with federal officials in this case , some include explicit details on how and when restitution must be paid .
For instance , lawyers Bruce Zaccagnini and Timothy Armstrong , who pleaded guilty to bribing public officials in relation to a multimillion - dollar commercial appraisal contract , have both agreed to specific time frames in which to pay the collective $ 4.7 million in restitution they owe .
Santina " Sandy " Klimkowski John Carrol
And Santina " Sandy " Klimkowski , former administrator in the Cuyahoga County auditor 's office , who pleaded guilty as part of the same scheme , agreed to use money the county owed Klimkowski after her resignation to pay part of the $ 154,000 in restitution she owes .
Also going toward restitution is $ 57,000 she turned over to federal authorities .
Others ' deals have been left open - ended , meaning it could be years before Cuyahoga County and the school districts identified so far as victims are fully repaid -- if ever .
In those cases , public agencies may end up having to sue to get their money back .
Former county engineer 's office employee and Parma school board member J. Kevin Kelley has no agreement as to how or when he will pay the $ 567,939 he owes the county and Parma schools .
Anthony Sinagra -- the former state senator and former Lakewood mayor -- and construction executives Steven Pumper and Nilesh Patel also do not have agreements .
So far , federal prosecutors seem to be calculating restitution based on the amount that was stolen or paid as bribes or kickbacks .
Mearns believes it is insufficient to make corrupt elected officials and public employees pay back only what they stole from institutions like MetroHealth , the county or school districts -- even if they are cooperating with investigators , as those who have pleaded guilty so far are .
" How do you quantify the loss of public trust ? "
Mearns said .
" Restitution is supposed to make the victim whole .
" County Administrator James McCafferty agreed that even if the money were paid back , the county still suffered damage that is hard to quantify .
" I do n't think what we might get would have ever come close to covering the real cost of this , " he said .
Mearns said he 's particularly offended by the fact that people can continue to draw a public pension after being convicted of corruption .
He said pensions should be completely taken away from the people who were elected or in positions of power and commit crimes .
" We give them these pensions as a token of our recognition for their public service , " he said .
" Well , they were n't serving the public , they were betraying the public .
" Edwards said federal prosecutors have stayed on top of restitution and targeted pensions in other government corruption cases .
Former U.S. Rep. Jim Traficant , who was released from federal prison in September after serving seven years for bribery , was ordered to pay $ 150,000 in restitution .
Edwards said that Traficant has paid more than half the amount so far and that the government is taking close to $ 800 a month from his congressional pension and $ 250 each month from his state pension to get the rest of what is owed .
But Mearns said that the stiff prison sentence and small amount of monthly restitution in Traficant 's case did little to stop other public officials from following in his footsteps .
Both Edwards and Mearns say there is another avenue to financially punish those convicted in the Cuyahoga County cases .
Federal Judge Kate O'Malley routinely reminds those pleading guilty in the investigation that she is not bound by the plea agreements and that she can order additional restitution and additional fines above and beyond what their deals specify .
The plea deals also say that victims can come before the court and ask for more restitution .
Mearns recalled a case handled by his office when he was a federal prosecutor in New York in which a judge fined several organized - crime figures millions of dollars more than what was required by standard guidelines .
" These men were facing life sentences , " Mearns said .
" And their families sat there solemnly .
They expected that .
" But when they heard how much money they would lose , there was weeping and wailing from all over the courtroom . "
_____________________________________________
Attorney Pleads Guilty to Federal Felony , Then Gets Law License in New York
Written by : Dateline CNN Investigative Reporter Michal Ramsey
Here 's the decision from the 2nd Department :
Matter of Wachtler ; Grievance Committee for the Tenth Judicial District
Motion No : 1993 - 04807
Slip Opinion No : 2007 NYSlipOp 79678(U )
Decided on October 1 , 2007
Appellate Division , Second Department , Motion Decision
Published by New York State Law Reporting Bureau pursuant to Judiciary Law § 431 .
This motion is uncorrected and is not subject to publication in the Official Reports .
Supreme Court of the State of New York
Appellate Division : Second Judicial Department
M60621
K/nl
A. GAIL PRUDENTI , P.J .
HOWARD MILLER
ROBERT W. SCHMIDT
STEPHEN G. CRANE
DAVID S. RITTER , JJ .
1993-04807
In the Matter of Sol Wachtler , admitted
as Solomon Wachtler , a disbarred attorney .
( Attorney Registration No. 1189752 )
DECISION & ORDER ON MOTION FOR REINSTATEMENT
Motion by the respondent , Sol Wachtler , for an order reinstating him as an attorney and counselor - at - law or , in the alternative , referring this matter to the Committee on Character and Fitness for a hearing and report .
The respondent was admitted to the Bar at a term of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court in the Second Judicial Department on April 4 , 1956 , under the name Solomon Wachtler .
By opinion and order of this court dated August 2 , 1993 , the respondent was disbarred upon his submission of a resignation , dated July 20 , 1993 , which followed his plea of guilty in the United States District Court in Trenton , New Jersey , on March 31 , 1993 , to a violation of 18 USC § 875 ( c ) , a Federal felony .
The respondent 's first application for reinstatement was denied by decision and order on application of this court dated April 14 , 2003 .
By decision and order on motion of this court dated February 6 , 2007 , the respondent 's motion was granted to the extent that the matter was referred to the Committee on Character and Fitness to investigate and report on the respondent 's current fitness to be an attorney , including but not limited to an updated report from his treating physician , and the motion was otherwise held in abeyance in the interim .
Upon the report of the Committee on Character and Fitness and the exhibits annexed thereto , it is
ORDERED that the motion is granted ; and it is further ,
ORDERED that , effective immediately , the respondent , Sol Wachtler , admitted as Solomon Wachtler , is reinstated as an attorney and counselor - at - law and the Clerk of the Court is directed to restore the name of Sol Wachtler , admitted as Solomon Wachtler , to the roll of attorneys and counselors - at - law .
PRUDENTI , P.J. , MILLER , SCHMIDT , CRANE and RITTER , JJ. , concur .
Written by : Dateline CNN Investigative Reporter Michal Ramsey
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Man released from prison after 25 years for wrongful conviction :
Evidence that would have in any way connected Green to the crime scene were never found and the indictment was based on a dodgy witness .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Mother of Somer Thompson : ‘ I feel like I failed ’
Her message to the killer of her daughter : ‘ We ’re going to get you ’
Written by : Michal Ramsey - UK Reporter
The mother of the Florida girl who was abducted , murdered and dumped in the trash broke down as she talked about how she tried to teach her 7 - year - old to beware of strangers .
But , she said Friday , “ I feel like I failed .
” Diena Thompson broke down as she said that to TODAY ’s Natalie Morales about the importance of telling your children you love them , a message she said she wants to impress on all parents .
“ It takes just a couple seconds to tell them you love them , ” Thompson said .
“ Tell them you love them because you do n’t know what ’s going to happen .
And just make them aware of stranger danger .
I tried with Somer .
I feel like I failed — obviously .
” Asked what people should know about Somer , Thompson said , “ Just how beautiful she was ; how sweet and innocent and just wanted to be friends with everybody . ” ‘ Morales then asked Thompson what she had to say to the person or persons who abducted and killed her daughter .
The grieving mother ’s eyes hardened as she stared into the camera with cold resolve .
“ We ’re coming for you , ” she said .
“ We ’re going to get you . ” Morales asked if Thompson is confident those responsible will be found .
“ I want to be confident , but I was confident that she was going to come home , ” Thompson said , breaking down in tears .
“ And she did n’t , but I know they ’re working and I have faith in them , ” she added of the efforts of local , state and federal law - enforcement agencies involved in the investigation .
Somer was walking home from school in Orange Park , Fla. , Monday afternoon when she ran ahead of her sister and twin brother after getting into a spat with another student .
She was last seen passing a vacant house some 500 yards from the home she never saw again .
After a massive hunt , Somer ’s body was discovered Wednesday 48 miles away in a landfill in Georgia .
Clay County Sheriff Rick Beseler credited a deputy with thinking to search the landfill , which receives trash from the Jacksonville suburb .
“ Had we not done this tactic , I believe that that body would have been buried under hundreds of tons of debris .
It probably would have gone undiscovered forever , ” Beseler said .
A group called Justice Coalition has put up a $ 30,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Somer ’s killer .
Some of that reward money came from Crime Stoppers , which urged anyone with information to call 866- 845 - TIPS .
Callers can remain anonymous .
Clay County police asked tipsters to call 877-227-6911 .
While expressing confidence that the crime would be solved , Beseler said he was concerned for the safety of area residents .
“ There is a child killer on the loose .
I fear for our community , ” he said .
Thompson said she has not been told any details of her daughter ’s fate as investigators keep a tight lid on the evidence they have .
Some 155 registered sex offenders in the area have been interviewed , 88 of whom live in the Orange Park , a town of some 9,000 .
Police said they have checked more than 650 tips that have been called in and are working on another 250 leads .
“ All I know at this point is that they ’re searching that house , ” she told Morales .
“ I have n’t gotten any autopsy results .
I do n’t know for sure know which day she passed away .
I do n’t know anything yet . ”
‘ You Are My Sunshine " Friends and neighbors of the Thompsons have rallied around the family .
Hundreds attended a candlelight vigil at which the mother joined in a tearful singing of “ You Are My Sunshine . ” Morales asked Thompson why she ’s speaking out publicly despite her obvious grief .
“ First , I ’ve never been known to be quiet .
Second , like I said , I want justice for Somer , ” she replied .
“ I also want all of these people who ’ve come out to know that they mean so much to me , and I do n’t want them to think that I do n’t care , because I really do .
” She said the girl ’s twin brother and older sister are coping with the loss as best as they can .
“ They go up and down , ” Thompson said .
“ You know , they ’re kids .
I do n’t think they have quite the same knowledge that we have , but we ’re all just a wreck .
” Most of all , she wants her daughter ’s killer or killers to be captured .
“ I want to get justice for Somer and find this animal , ” Thompson said .
“ And maybe if I get on here and talk , maybe one parent would say something that would just click with their baby and nothing like this would happen to anybody else . ”
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________
OKLAHOMA STATE TROOPER
DANIEL MARTIN IS OUT OF CONTROL
Written by : Sheri Reece
IMAGINE THIS MORON STOPPING SOMEONE YOU KNOW .
, HE ALMOST CHOKED THE PARAMEDIC TO DEATH FOR ASKING A QUESTION !
WHY WASN'T RACIST DANIEL MARTIN ARRESTED FOR ASSAULT ? , NOTE HOW MARTIN DEHUMANIZES THE PARAMEDIC VERBALLY !
See video of Oklahoma State Trooper Daniel Martin , Out of control , screaming , dehumanizing , and choking a paramedic , while a patient lies dying inside of the ambulance .
This stupid bastard should have been fired immediately !
What 's wrong with the chief ?
He 'll be unemployed next if he does n't get rid of this nutcase .
Is he blind , He can't see the video , that 175,000 others have watched ?
See video and decide for yourself .
Help sign a petition at www.firemartin.com or click on the link , to help get rid of this nutcase who blatantly assaulted the paramedic both physically and verbally .
I t started off a regional story in Oklahoma that would have probably have gone nowhere had it not been for Youtube and the blogosphere .
It is now getting national attention from the major news networks like CNN , MSNBC , and ReportInjustices.com .
On Tuesday , the paramedic who was placed in a chokehold by Oklahoma State Trooper Daniel Martin after being dehumanized by him was interviewed by CBS on The Early Show .
When asked what he thinks should happen to the trooper , Maurice White stated the following :"
The bottom line is at this point we want to take his badge and gun away because of his total disregard for life .
He does n't feel he did anything wrong and neither does his police chief . "
Meanwhile , a petition that is calling for the termination of the trooper is averaging a thousand signatures a day since it was introduced on this site late Saturday .
It now has more than 4,500 signatures .
Personally I think Martin and the Chief should be fired if this kind of abuse is permitted to be tolerated within the administration that is running the Oklahoma Highway Patrol , and for them to think it 's ok for this officer to abuse his authority , and grab people by the neck , and assault them both physically and verbally , and not be held accountable for his actions is extremely outrageous .
This officer should be held and will be held accountable and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .
Maurice
White should file a civil lawsuit against the Oklahoma Highway Patrol and sue them .
This kind of vicious malice should never be tolerated by any law enforcement officer .
If this nutcase is married , I bet his wife could tell you a few stories .
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
CORRUPT ATTORNEY
Mayor fired & Convicted
Attorney Luis Pasquin convicted San Diego mayor convicted of
and sentenced to 54 months in prison .
Corruption , Extortion , and Fraud Arrested by the F.B.I
.
______________________________________________________________
SEE VIDEO BELOW OF :
Cops Harassing infowars.com Reporter Mike Hanson after he was reporting on their Nazi / Russian like tactics , harassing tax paying truckers , who were trying to make a living :
________________________________________
This is part of an ongoing series ; Heather Jones shares her first - hand experiences as she attempts to bring a farmer ’s market to her small rural community of Woodbine , New Jersey , population : 2800 .
Who knew it could be this hard ?
You guys know the expression that “ Time is of the essence ” .
Well I ’m starting to think that maybe time is n’t on my side with this venture .
I ’m not sure if it ’s because the summer season is now in full swing and people would much rather be at the beach than discussing business but I can’t seem to connect with my local officials about establishing a community Farmers Market .
Do n’t get me wrong , I am in no way giving up .
If I ca n’t get things up and running for a late summer start you better believe in summer 2010 the Farmers Market will be on the map .
I received my planning packet from the State Dept of Agriculture and reviewed the guidelines as previously discussed with them over the phone about what is needed in order to have a successful Community Farmers Market :
Community Attitude – desires , needs , and needed support Interested Produce Growers Site Selection – One that is accessible to Farmers and Consumers , Ample parking , sufficient room for adequate display , security , of course .
Potential consumers –
The total population of the community , county , and surrounding area .
Making sure you have adequate publicity to inform the public .
Having researched and put together a presentation covering all of these bases I am ready to move forward and meet with the Mayor and Municipal council so that I can form my committee , touch base with the Dept of Ag and get rolling on this thing .
But I ca n’t get to the Mayor .
Technically I do n’t have to go through the Mayor I could just have myself put on the Borough Council agenda for their next monthly meeting and present to them directly ( after all I do have an uncle who is a councilman ) but in my small town and like so many small towns across the country the council wo n’t go for anything if the Mayor has n’t already been informed and is on board with it .
It ’s just so frustrating because I know this is going to be a great thing for my community and this final step in preparation was supposed to be the easy part , a sure thing .
I am on a first name basis with this man ; he went to High School with Mom ( and had a massive crush on her ) .
I went to elementary school with his son ; he came to my wedding for God sakes .
But every time I call his office to schedule an appointment , his secretary who reminds of but is not as friendly as Aunt Bea from Andy Griffith informs me that he is “ UNAVAILABLE ” .
Last time I spoke with Aunt Bea she told me that he is very anxious to discuss my “ great idea ” with me but probably wo n’t be able to fit me in until after the 4th of July Holiday .
I ’m trying not to take it personally and truly want to believe that he is getting these messages but sometimes I got to wonder .
So there you have it folks , I ’m stuck …by small town bureaucracy .
But as soon as I have my “ Big ” meeting you guys will be the first to know .
In the meantime I am thoroughly enjoying all of the other Farmers Markets available to me in relatively close proximity to my home ( over 20 miles away but under 50 ) and I hope you are too .
SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL FARMERS MARKETS !
See Related Post : Starting a Community Farmers Market
Next week : : Gardening Failures !
This years Victory Garden is not so victorious – Find out what happened and learn from my mistakes .
Heather Jones is a wife , mother , freelance food writer , and graduate of the Institute of Culinary Education in New York City .
She has worked for Gourmet Magazine , TV Personality Katie Brown , and the New York based Indian - fusion restaurant Tabla .
Heather resides in New Jersey with her husband and two daughters .
She is a strong supporter of the Sustainable Food Movement and believes that education is the key to making a difference .
When new trademarks pop up , people get excited .
Even more so when the trademark is made by Square Enix , which is responsible for such major franchises , such as Final Fantasy , Dragon Quest , and more .
What does Square have in store for us now ?
The trademark was filed on August 4th , 2009 , as “ Sliding Heroes “ .
Nothing else is known at this time .
Stay with PlayStation LifeStyle for all the information on Sliding Heroes as it comes to light .
[ Source / Via ]
The Cats of Ulthar
It is said that in Ulthar , which lies beyond the river Skai , no man may kill a cat ; and this I can verily believe as I gaze upon him who sitteth purring before the fire .
For the cat is cryptic , and close to strange things which men cannot see .
He is the soul of antique Aegyptus , and bearer of tales from forgotten cities in Meroe and Ophir .
He is the kin of the jungle ’s lords , and heir to the secrets of hoary and sinister Africa .
The Sphinx is his cousin , and he speaks her language ; but he is more ancient than the Sphinx , and remembers that which she hath forgotten .
In Ulthar , before ever the burgesses forbade the killing of cats , there dwelt an old cotter and his wife who delighted to trap and slay the cats of their neighbors .
Why they did this I know not ; save that many hate the voice of the cat in the night , and take it ill that cats should run stealthily about yards and gardens at twilight .
But whatever the reason , this old man and woman took pleasure in trapping and slaying every cat which came near to their hovel ; and from some of the sounds heard after dark , many villagers fancied that the manner of slaying was exceedingly peculiar .
But the villagers did not discuss such things with the old man and his wife ; because of the habitual expression on the withered faces of the two , and because their cottage was so small and so darkly hidden under spreading oaks at the back of a neglected yard .
In truth , much as the owners of cats hated these odd folk , they feared them more ; and instead of berating them as brutal assassins , merely took care that no cherished pet or mouser should stray toward the remote hovel under the dark trees .
When through some unavoidable oversight a cat was missed , and sounds heard after dark , the loser would lament impotently ; or console himself by thanking Fate that it was not one of his children who had thus vanished .
For the people of Ulthar were simple , and knew not whence it is all cats first came .
One day a caravan of strange wanderers from the South entered the narrow cobbled streets of Ulthar .
Dark wanderers they were , and unlike the other roving folk who passed through the village twice every year .
In the market - place they told fortunes for silver , and bought gay beads from the merchants .
What was the land of these wanderers none could tell ; but it was seen that they were given to strange prayers , and that they had painted on the sides of their wagons strange figures with human bodies and the heads of cats , hawks , rams and lions .
And the leader of the caravan wore a headdress with two horns and a curious disk betwixt the horns .
There was in this singular caravan a little boy with no father or mother , but only a tiny black kitten to cherish .
The plague had not been kind to him , yet had left him this small furry thing to mitigate his sorrow ; and when one is very young , one can find great relief in the lively antics of a black kitten .
So the boy whom the dark people called Menes smiled more often than he wept as he sat playing with his graceful kitten on the steps of an oddly painted wagon .
On the third morning of the wanderers ’ stay in Ulthar , Menes could not find his kitten ; and as he sobbed aloud in the market - place certain villagers told him of the old man and his wife , and of sounds heard in the night .
And when he heard these things his sobbing gave place to meditation , and finally to prayer .
He stretched out his arms toward the sun and prayed in a tongue no villager could understand ; though indeed the villagers did not try very hard to understand , since their attention was mostly taken up by the sky and the odd shapes the clouds were assuming .
It was very peculiar , but as the little boy uttered his petition there seemed to form overhead the shadowy , nebulous figures of exotic things ; of hybrid creatures crowned with horn - flanked disks .
Nature is full of such illusions to impress the imaginative .
That night the wanderers left Ulthar , and were never seen again .
And the householders were troubled when they noticed that in all the village there was not a cat to be found .
From each hearth the familiar cat had vanished ; cats large and small , black , grey , striped , yellow and white .
Old Kranon , the burgomaster , swore that the dark folk had taken the cats away in revenge for the killing of Menes ’ kitten ; and cursed the caravan and the little boy .
But Nith , the lean notary , declared that the old cotter and his wife were more likely persons to suspect ; for their hatred of cats was notorious and increasingly bold .
Still , no one durst complain to the sinister couple ; even when little Atal , the innkeeper ’s son , vowed that he had at twilight seen all the cats of Ulthar in that accursed yard under the trees , pacing very slowly and solemnly in a circle around the cottage , two abreast , as if in performance of some unheard - of rite of beasts .
The villagers did not know how much to believe from so small a boy ; and though they feared that the evil pair had charmed the cats to their death , they preferred not to chide the old cotter till they met him outside his dark and repellent yard .
So Ulthar went to sleep in vain anger ; and when the people awakened at dawn — behold !
every cat was back at his accustomed hearth !
Large and small , black , grey , striped , yellow and white , none was missing .
Very sleek and fat did the cats appear , and sonorous with purring content .
The citizens talked with one another of the affair , and marveled not a little .
Old Kranon again insisted that it was the dark folk who had taken them , since cats did not return alive from the cottage of the ancient man and his wife .
But all agreed on one thing : that the refusal of all the cats to eat their portions of meat or drink their saucers of milk was exceedingly curious .
And for two whole days the sleek , lazy cats of Ulthar would touch no food , but only doze by the fire or in the sun .
It was fully a week before the villagers noticed that no lights were appearing at dusk in the windows of the cottage under the trees .
Then the lean Nith remarked that no one had seen the old man or his wife since the night the cats were away .
In another week the burgomaster decided to overcome his fears and call at the strangely silent dwelling as a matter of duty , though in so doing he was careful to take with him Shang the blacksmith and Thul the cutter of stone as witnesses .
And when they had broken down the frail door they found only this : two cleanly picked human skeletons on the earthen floor , and a number of singular beetles crawling in the shadowy corners .
There was subsequently much talk among the burgesses of Ulthar .
Zath , the coroner , disputed at length with Nith , the lean notary ; and Kranon and Shang and Thul were overwhelmed with questions .
Even little Atal , the innkeeper ’s son , was closely questioned and given a sweetmeat as reward .
They talked of the old cotter and his wife , of the caravan of dark wanderers , of small Menes and his black kitten , of the prayer of Menes and of the sky during that prayer , of the doings of the cats on the night the caravan left , and of what was later found in the cottage under the dark trees in the repellent yard .
And in the end the burgesses passed that remarkable law which is told of by traders in Hatheg and discussed by travelers in Nir ; namely , that in Ulthar no man may kill a cat .
×
We ’re looking for feedback on how to improve Mushroom Observer , more information here
We have started work on some changes to the MO naming system .
See this Google doc for more details and feel free to leave comments .
Please remember to donate to support Mushroom Observer .
We are entirely volunteer run , but we still need to pay for our servers .
Thanks !
Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov sent a letter to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday expressing his concern that the Interior Ministry 's immigration policies are harmful and damaging to Israel 's image .
The letter was prompted by the arrest of Angelica Vasquez , a Peruvian woman arriving at Ben Gurion International Airport earlier this month to visit , for the first time , her Israeli boyfriend Luciano Ludwig , who she met over the social network Facebook a year - and - a - half ago .
Public Outcry Immigration Authority launches search for foreign workers Tal Rabinovsky City - wide search launched just hours after Tel Aviv protest against deportation of foreign children Immigration Authority launches search for foreign workers
Upon her arrival , Vasquez was stopped by police officers , questioned , and kept in an airport holding cell for five days , before a court ordered her release following Ludwig 's strenuous efforts .
The Interior Ministry suspected Vasquez planned to overstay her visit in Israel illegally , since she had arrived with only $ 50 and said she had quit her job back home .
Ludwig spent five days , and NIS 15,000 ( almost $ 4,000 ) on legal proceedings to have Vasquez released from detention , so they could finally begin their holiday together .
The moving story received much media coverage in Israel , causing the tourism minister to send a letter to the PM , requesting a cabinet session on immigration law enforcement policies .
In his letter , Misezhnikov told Netanyahu the affair " highlights another aspect of the Interior Ministry 's stringent immigration policies .
" The public echo that followed the publication and presented Israel as an insensitive , inhumane state , creates long term damage to its image , which will become irreversible if the Interior Ministry 's current policy is not changed immediately . "
Misezhnikov also mentioned other limitations the Interior Ministry places on tourists , including the demand for a personal guarantee to ensure they will leave the country .
He also expressed his objection to the Oz Unit 's recent raid on a Tel Aviv hotel , at the height of the tourism season .
The raid was mean to seek out illegal residents , but according to the minister , " it caused unnecessary panic and commotion , that damages Israel 's image as a developed tourism state " .
Misezhnikov concluded his letter with a clear demand : " The policy must not become spiteful or insensitive .
It seems ( sensitivity and humanity ) have been missing from the Interior Ministry 's policies recently . "
( 5) Ichi the Killer - Dishonored tongue
Next on our list is Takashi Miike 's bloody masterpiece .
This scene brings new meaning to the saying " cat got your tongue " .
Tadanobu Asano , after torturing an innocent man , slowly cuts off his tongue to make restoration for his mistake .
The long continuous shot makes you even more squeamish as you just want to get it over with .
( 4) Zoo - Whole Concept
I do n't really know where to start with this movie .
It 's a documentary about a man , Kenneth Pinyan , who loved a horse , maybe a little too much , and then died because of it .
It 's quite difficult to explain the concept in a work safe way .
If you are really interested you can look it up .
After watching this I was clenching for the rest of the day .
I still sleep with a pillow tied to my waist .
( 3) Imprint - Needle under nail
I know this is n't technically a movie but since it was never actually aired and can only be seen on DVD , it makes my list .
Directed by Takashi Miike , part of the Masters of Horror series , the episode was scheduled to premiere on January 27 , 2006 but was shelved by Showtime over concerns about its extremely graphic and disturbing content .
The torture scene has a prostitute being punished for allegedly stealing a ring .
They begin to force needles under each of her nails , deep into the bed of the finger .
They then proceed do the same to the gums of her mouth .
Defiantly hard to watch and guaranteed to make you squirm .
Claudius turned out to be one of the more successful Emperors in Roman history , but unfortunately in 54 AD he was assassinated to make way for one of the worst .
63 - A Farewell to Claudius
Published on 19 July 2009 13:14 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
Contrary to the expectations , young people , aged between 15 and 24 years are less interested in climate change although they are going to be the main victims .
This is the result of an opinion poll the European Commission ordered and which led to organising a campaign with the help of the MTV that will cover 11 countries , among which Bulgaria .
The idea is an increase of awareness what risks climate change pose and what each individual can do to avert it .
The start of the campaign will be on the 20th of August in Stockholm with a concert of the American pop star Moby .
There will be also concerts in Budapest and Copenhagen .
However , it is more than clear that organising concerts will not solve the problem nor individual actions will .
Much more is necessary than we can afford .
And since the USA started a mini revolution by introducing an entirely new cap and trade legislation it met with fierce opposition from business and politicians from different colours .
In Great Britain something very similar happened as well .
On Wednesday the British government introduced the first of its kind Renewable Energy Strategy but the critics of the document proved to be too many .
They offer arguments that manage to get under the skin of almost everyone - job losses , too high a price and slow return of investments , higher electricity bills .
But the strategy has supporters as well who criticize the fact that the country that gave birth to the Industrial revolution some 200 years ago is lagging behind in using renewable sources of energy which the UK has at disposal - tidal waves , strong winds , solar energy - a great abundance of them on the island .
Of course individual action is more than welcome , as well as the actions of countries .
But there is nothing better than combined efforts and a good example in this direction is the mega project of several European companies , called the Desertec concept .
This is an idea which is not very new but the scale is impressive .
Deutsche Bank , RWE , Eon and the German insurer Munich
Re have joined the project which is expected to cost 400 bn euro .
Siemens has also joined the project
The aim of the project is the Sahara desert , as well as some desert regions in the Middle East to be used for building solar thermal power plants which are not solar installations but a system of thousands of mirrors that focus the sun 's rays on to a receiver containing a heat transfer fluid , such as oil .
This heat energy is used to produce steam that drives a turbine , much like in a traditional power station .
With high - voltage direct current ( HVDC ) transmission cables under the Mediterranean sea , the founders of the Desertec Industrial Initiative hope one day to supply 15 per cent of Europe 's electricity needs .
The initiators of the idea have come to realise that the problem is much more complex than just climate change .
In fact the picture is much grimmer : given the population growth which is far beyond Earth 's capacity to feed and carry us , as well as climate change which become more and more tangible and just few years ago climate change seemed something far in the future .
This is all to show that by 2050 we will need 3
Earths to satisfy our growing needs of food , water and energy .
More than 6.5 bn people consume far more natural resources and produce far more pollution than the Earth can accommodate .
The human population ’s so - called ecological footprint
is already larger than the Earth can sustain .
The average temperature rise in the atmosphere , the melting of the polar ice caps as well as the increase in extreme weather events ( fast alternation of floods and droughts ) worldwide are obvious signs that we are putting too great a strain on the Earth .
Studies by the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) show that , within 40 years , solar thermal power plants in particular will be capable of generating economically more than half of the electricity needs of the EUMENA region ( Europe , the Middle East , North Africa ) at that time .
In order to meet today ‘s global power demand of 18,000 TWh / year , it would suffice to equip about about 90,000 km2 of the world ‘s deserts with solar collectors of solar thermal power plants .
About 20 m2 of desert would be enough to meet the individual power demand of one human being day and night - all this absolutely CO2 free .
This is possible because within 6 hours deserts receive more energy from the sun than humankind consumes within a year !
The number of deserts on Earth is fully enough to satisfy more than 90 % of world 's population with clean energy .
Furthermore , unless urgent measures are taken , the number of deserts might increase .
And given the political will , it would be possible to achieve a worldwide realisation of the DESERTEC Concept in less than 30 years .
Besides , the initiators of the project believe that this project might help creating a lot more jobs because someone will have to produce the components for the solar thermal power plants and they will be a lot .
Otherwise , the price is dear - between 10 and 20 euro cents KWh depending on location and technology .
But here the price of taking care of the environment is also included unlike the current prices for production of energy from fossil fuels , like coal for example .
Probably , these lines seem like a scientific theory to you which cannot be realised in near future .
The truth is that the concept has the political support of the German chancellor Angela Merkel and the president of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso .
Furthermore , as the spokesman of the Energy Commissioner Ferran Tarradellas explained , the necessary regulatory framework has already been prepared for this project .
The European funds will also be used to finance it .
Because the rest of the facts speak for themselves : G8 agreed to diminish the production of carbon dioxide by 50 % bu 2050 instead of the initial goal of 80 % .
And the EU agreed more than a year ago the scheme 20 - 20 - 20 or decrease of greenhouse emissions by 20 % by 2020 , decrease in energy consumption by 20 % through increasing energy efficiency and 20 % of the consumed energy to be from renewable sources .
Asked by euinside whether the achievements of the G8 summit in L'Acquila will lead to a change in this scheme , Mr. Ferran Tarradellas explained that it is possible that if a global agreement is reached the EU might increase the scheme to 30 % .
And a global agreement is expected to be reached on the UN climate change conference in Copenhagen which starts on the 7th of December .
And by then we will see if there will be more countries that will introduce revolutionary legislation like the US and the UK .
I t would also be very interesting to see to what extent the new Bulgarian government is interested in green issues .
Here are two places to start with distributed programming in Scheme :
Termite
Dimitris Vyzovitis ’s patch for revision 8983 ( of trunk ) in PLT Scheme
Addendum 03/21/08
Dimitris ’ patch for additional mailbox functionality .
Addendum 04/26/08
Addendum 06/24/08
I ’m pretty sure this patch has made it into the main source branch .
Share me 🙋!
Tweet
WhatsApp
Exclusive to STR
- 1 -
The Law
Some years ago , noted philosopher Ringo Starr described an important and now - famous discovery : " Everything government touches turns to crap . "
That observation clearly deserves elevation in status from the mere " something Ringo said " to the more formal Ringo 's Law .
Ringo's
Law generates accurate predictions and explains events in useful fashion ; it is no less scientific than Newton 's laws of motion .
For example , the Law predicts and explains the problems seen with corporatist healthcare , as found in the United States .
The Law also predicts and explains the problems seen with government - run national healthcare , as in England , Australia , Canada , Cuba , and elsewhere .
Fortunately , Ringo's Law also points the way to solving those problems by creating a low - cost , efficient , customer - pleasing healthcare industry that is not corrupted , diminished , or made unaffordable by government involvement .
Starr formulated his Law after decades of observing the dynamics of government action in his native England ( see , for example , the song Taxman written by Starr 's bandmate George Harrison ) and in his travels around the world .
In 2005 , Starr moved to Monte Carlo to escape the crushing tax load in Britain .
- 2 -
Ringo's Law and the Destruction of American Healthcare
American healthcare should be cheap and getting cheaper , easy to access , effective yet rapidly improving , and with nearly endless options for treatment , pricing , and method of delivery .
The cheaper - faster - better dynamic we enjoy in high - tech areas that are not blighted by government regulation and control could and would apply to the medical and pharmaceutical industries if only we let it .
Instead , American healthcare has been broken for decades and continues getting worse .
Prices are bizarrely , absurdly high and customer satisfaction is low .
Government regulation ( more accurately termed " protectionism " ) for the medical and pharmaceutical cartels has not only launched costs into the stratosphere but also reduced innovation and customer choice , harming the health and well - being of millions .
That last is no overstatement ; for instance , here 's William Faloon of the Life Extension Foundation on why " the FDA is the number one cause of death in the United States " , and here 's Faloon this month on how government malregulation of the generic drug industry leads to costs being eight times higher than they should be ; both articles are well - researched and heavily detailed .
We now have an incredibly expensive healthcare system that is difficult and even anger - inducing to use , and which has had the spontaneity and innovation crushed out of it -- meaning that , among other things , the system offers too - few choices and often creates poor outcomes .
Ringo's
Law tells us the cause of these problems is government interference in healthcare , which began ramping up in the 1960s -- for example , Medicare was created in 1965 ; the Health Maintenance Organization
Act of 1973 was another huge change .
That is not to say government was n't meddling in , raising the costs of , and otherwise harming healthcare ( and squelching health freedom ) even earlier -- it was -- but the destruction of what had been widely hailed as the best healthcare system in the world began in earnest during the turbulent years of the Johnson administration .
By now it should be clear to anyone :
This government " help " has made things dramatically worse in healthcare , just as government reliably makes things worse in all spheres of life that government involves itself in .
For many reasons , coercive government is the worst way to do anything .
Like gravity , Ringo's Law is a built - in rule of the universe , omnipresent and unavoidable .
There is no country on Earth where the Law is not conspicuously on display : " Everything government touches turns to crap . "
What was healthcare like in the U.S. before the 1960s ?
" Less crappy " would be accurate but not detailed enough for our purpose .
In many ways healthcare of the time was primitive ; after all , science and technology have advanced hugely in the last half century .
But in terms of delivery of services , pricing , and freedom to choose and control one 's own medical care , the healthcare market in the pre-HMO , pre-Medicare era was far better than what we have today , and not unlike the modern market for computers and electronics : inexpensive , high - quality , and easy to access .
" Easy access " included house calls by the family doctor , something I remember well from my own childhood .
House calls were both common and reasonably priced .
An account by Eugene Scheel in the Washington Post tells us that office visits in rural Virginia during the 1950s cost $ 3 , while house calls were $ 5 , in an area where the typical farm wage was $ 1 an hour .
A doctor recalls practicing in the area at the time : " I collected about 80 percent of the money .
The rest of them really could n't pay ; they just did n't have it .
I do n't think any doctor turned anybody down . "
So an office visit cost the equivalent of three hours wages for a farm hand , while a house call was the equivalent of five hours wages .
And a doctor 's overhead ( much of today's is government - imposed ) was low enough that treating the indigent without charge was commonplace .
This also shows why insurance , although increasingly common , was not such a major issue in the 1950s , just as insurance for your computer gear is a non-issue today : prices were low enough that even those at the low end of the economic scale could generally afford them .
You do n't buy insurance for your computer maintenance and repair ( and probably not even for outright loss ) just as you do n't buy insurance to pay for haircuts .
By its nature , insurance is something to help pay catastrophic costs : rebuilding your house if it burns down , for instance , or an equally catastrophic medical problem -- as opposed to prescriptions , office visits , and other medical maintenance .
You do n't buy insurance to cover anything easily affordable , and general healthcare WAS easily affordable in the 1950s - - despite , as mentioned earlier , previous decades of interference in healthcare at the federal , state , and local levels .
It took even more interference -- it took the Great Society mentality of the Johnson years -- to begin the process of really wrecking American healthcare .
- 3 -
The Positive Side of Ringo's Law : When Government Leaves the People Alone
In stark contrast to drugs and medical care , most modern technology is vastly less expensive today than in the 1960s , despite the half - century of inflation that has eroded the dollar 's value to near - nothingness .
The U.S. government redeemed dollars from foreign governments for gold at the fixed exchange rate of $ 35.00 per ounce of gold in the 1950s -- and indeed until Nixon defaulted on U.S. obligations in 1971 .
At this writing , gold is $ 964.60 per ounce -- so saying that " the dollar has lost value " is the understatement of the century .
Despite such extreme price inflation ( due to monetary inflation by the Federal Reserve ) , " cheaper , faster , better " has been our experience with electronic and other technology in the last 50 years , a trend that continues : " Intel 's capacity to produce cheap transistors is exploding faster than the existing computer industry 's ability to absorb those transistors , " reports a July 30 , 2009 article in Ars Technica , which , intriguingly , is about the Intel Health Guide , a computerized medical diagnostic and monitoring device for the home .
It is easy to lose sight of how dramatic the progress has been in technology .
Last August , on the 27th anniversary of the IBM - PC 's introduction , Wired Magazine reminded us how expensive yet pathetically weak that machine was by today 's standards : Customers paid $ 6,000 ( over $ 14,000 inflation - adjusted ) for a 4.77 Mhz 8088 - based computer with 256 kilobytes ( not gigabytes or even megabytes ) of RAM , no hard drive , and CGA color graphics ( optional ) with only 16 colors and resolution of just 320 x 240 pixels -- for , yes , the entire screen ( there was also a monochrome graphics mode of 640 x 200 pixels ) .
This clunker had dramatically less computing power , less graphics power , and less memory than one of today 's low - end , give - away cellphones -- in other words , the price for that much computing power has effectively gone from $ 14,000 to zero .
Talk about progress !
Do n't think for a moment that this incredible drop in prices combined with such breathtaking advances in power came cheaply for the manufacturers : Wikipedia reports that simply building a chip fabrication plant costs over a billion dollars , with $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion price tags not uncommon .
This mirrors the cost structure of modern drugs , which are -- like computer chips -- mostly intellectual property and which have huge up - front costs to develop , while unit production costs soon drop to near - nothing .
Yet for the consumer , prescription drugs are insanely expensive while computer chips are the opposite : insanely cheap , almost giveaway - cheap .
Are you getting the picture here ?
Your healthcare options should be as varied , affordable , and pleasingly efficacious as the choices at your local computer or electronics outlet ( or on the web ) .
Why are n't they ?
Why is healthcare such an expensive , frustrating , choice - limited quagmire ?
Easy : Ringo's Law .
The positive trend of lower prices combined with rapidly - improving products , seen to one extent or another in every area of technology not impaired by government interference , was broken in healthcare -- and not just broken but actually reversed , at least for pricing .
Healthcare prices did n't just fail to drop , they went up -- and they went up enormously , at higher than the general rate of inflation .
Meanwhile , progress ( better products and better medical outcomes ) in the field of health and medicine has slowed to a crawl relative to what happens in a free market .
Whether it 's painkilling drugs for patients in agony , drugs for cancer or other diseases that have n't made their way through our many - years - long , $ 800 million ( sometimes as high as $ 2 billion ) approval process , safety for those drugs , free clinics for the poor , or any number of other things that you might want for the health and well - being of yourself or your fellow man , government often literally forbids you from obtaining it -- and where it does n't do that , government regulation either reduces choice , degrades quality , or puts the cost in orbit -- or all three .
Compare that with the life - saving regulation of electrical devices ( and other things ) by Underwriter Labs , a private firm which has been providing efficient , low - cost , and effective market regulation and safety testing since the late 1800s .
If you look , you 'll probably find a half - dozen or more electrical devices in your home that are " UL listed . "
What a shame that America 's government healthcare regulation is n't as efficient , as cost - effective , as free from corruption , and as capable as is market regulation by UL .
But then , given the reality of Ringo 's Law , how could it be ?
A market free of government interference is what most Republican voters think they are supporting , but what the Republican Party supports -- especially in the actions of its members in office ( Ron Paul excepted ) -- is not free markets but corporatism .
The difference between genuine free markets and corporatism is essentially the difference between a politically free country and Hitler 's Germany or Mussolini 's Italy : corporatism is basically fascist in nature , with business and government entwined in an unhealthy embrace of the financially powerful with the politically powerful .
Regular , non-powerful people are simply out of luck .
A perfect ( and rather sickening ) example is the USDA forbidding cattle ranchers ( and any private firm ) from testing their own cattle for Mad Cow disease , something unthinkable in a free society .
This elimination of competition in the area of food safety saves big corporate producers from the expense of testing their own cattle for Mad Cow or from suffering loss of market share when consumers decide their health is worth changing suppliers for .
That 's exactly the kind of thing Ringo 's Law predicts that government will tend towards : " consumer protection " agencies being used to improve corporate profit at the expense of ordinary citizens -- even at the expense of their health and safety .
Speaking of corporatism , you might think that Big Pharma would be adamantly opposed to , and downright afraid of , Obama 's proposed healthcare overhaul , but it turns out that what Big Pharma is actually afraid of , apparently , is that the bill might not pass , so the drug industry is now planning to spend $ 150 million on television ads supporting Obamacare .
Does that suggest the proposed legislation will benefit the Little People ( e.g. , you ) , or that it will benefit the drug companies instead , while claiming to benefit the Little People ?
By now , you already know which answer Ringo 's Law predicts is the more likely .
To sum up America 's healthcare situation from 1960 to the present : Progress and innovation have slowed , choices have been restricted , efficacy and even safety have been compromised , and prices have skyrocketed beyond many customers ' ability to pay .
Once again , this is the opposite of what a free market system provides .
- 4 -
The People Want Change !
Naturally , most of our government - educated citizens now believe that even MORE government involvement is the only answer to our healthcare problems , in the same way that a late - stage alcoholic believes only another bottle of gin can solve his problems .
What other answer could there possibly be ?
Good thinking , America !
" More of what caused the problem in the first place " is exactly the response our Wise and Fearless Leaders have used to fix our recent economic and financial problems -- the problems caused by too much debt , too much inflation of the money supply , too much government malregulation replacing honest market regulation , and too much government spending .*
We can all see how well that 's working !
Except , you know , for unemployment being at a 26 - year high and record home foreclosures ( " the future does n't look much better , " adds CNNMoney.com ) and , well , maybe a few other things , including plummeting tax revenues and the coming Soviet - Union - like collapse of the United States according to some ( except that the U.S. is not nearly as well situated for dealing with collapse as Soviet society was ; video , 10 min 14 sec . ) .
But the U.S. government did give trillions of your dollars to bankers and other folks who really matter , so at least some people are doing well .
Yes , boys and girls : government is the agent I want running the healthcare system , and never mind that the Constitution ( ha ! ) makes no allowance whatsoever for such a thing .
Because what else , other than government , could possibly fix the mess our healthcare system is in ?
I also look forward to government - run restaurants , to a government - run music industry , and to replacing our chaotic , unregulated computer , software , and electronics industries with compassionately run government versions , where profits no longer come before people .
- 5 -
The Future Awaits : Predictions Following from Ringo's Law
Back to reality : I see doom in our future , big - time .
Call it the Healthcare System of Doom , where politicians run the medical system with the same wisdom , compassion , and efficiency that they have run the War on Drugs and the Pentagon -- but without the wealth to provide much actual healthcare , because those same politicians have already bankrupted and indebted the nation to a level beyond anything previously seen in world history .
The Healthcare System of Doom will fit right in with the dark wreckage of American society now taking shape around us .
Tyranny -- already legislated into place **-- will be increasingly applied , crushing love and freedom along with any remaining prosperity .
The attempt to fix healthcare , or any of our other problems , with more government help of any kind will only hasten the day when average Americans at last look away from the corporatist and government propaganda streams to see , with horror , the cruel shape of the future bearing down upon them .
Ringo 's Law can not be flouted forever without consequence .
What , if anything , could save us from the grim rip - tide of government - imposed tyranny and government - caused poverty we find ourselves caught in ?
What would not only restore American healthcare to its " envy of the world " status but also return this nation to the free and welcoming beacon for mankind *** it was meant to be ?
Only two things are needed : first , a return to wide understanding of Ringo 's Law .
Coercive government eventually destroys society because , at bottom , coercion is evil .
Thus , " That government is best which governs not at all " , as Thoreau put it in Civil Disobedience .
Reduction ( and eventually abolition ) of government coercion is the necessary first step to restoring sanity and prosperity for America .
The second needed element -- and the element missing from our original plan as a nation -- is widespread commitment to compassionate treatment for all and especially for the young .
Together , these form the only path to a world of love and freedom , and to wide and sustainable prosperity .
Solving our healthcare problems would be only one of many positive side effects from choosing love and freedom over their opposites .
No other method will do the job .
_______________
Notes :
* Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program , recently reported that " The total potential federal government support [ to fix the financial system ] could reach up to $ 23.7 trillion . "
$ 23.7 Trillion to Fix Financial System ? by Matthew Jaffe , ABC News , July 20 , 2009
For comparison , the entire world GDP is only about $ 60 trillion ( per Wikipedia ) .
Wikipedia also reports that " The total value of all gold ever mined would be US $ 4.78 trillion at [ $ 941.35 ] " -- so U.S. taxpayers have -- just recently , in response to the financial crisis -- been put on the hook for more than FIVE TIMES as much wealth as the value of all the gold ever mined in history .
That 's in addition to our official $ 11 trillion national debt ( itself more than twice the value of all the gold ever mined ) not to mention our $ 50 trillion to $ 100 trillion ( estimates vary ) in unfunded obligations for Medicare , Social Security , and so on .
We now also have trillion dollar + annual deficits , apparently forever or until the United States collapses , whichever comes first .
For a page with images of various amounts of cash , from a single $ 100 bill to a trillion dollars in hundreds , click here -- a stunner , even if you 've seen it before .
It seems clear that the relative market values of gold versus the U.S. dollar will change dramatically , and probably soon .
Other serious ( and even catastrophic ) changes beyond merely monetary consequences are implied by the numbers as well .
** It appears the Halliburton - built detention camps discussed in the linked column are now being staffed ; here 's a National Guard advertisement for " Corrections Officer -- Internment / Resettlement Specialist " .
If you 're wondering what the Army is doing with a string of " internment / resettlement camps " on U.S. soil , you are n't alone .
The ad is undated but code in the " apply now " button says 7-16 - 09 .
The " Job Description " includes this :
As an Internment / Resettlement Specialist for the Army National Guard , you will ensure the smooth running of military confinement / correctional facility or detention / internment facility , similar to those duties conducted by civilian Corrections Officers .
This will require you to know proper procedures and military law ; and have the ability to think quickly in high - stress situations .
Specific duties may include assisting with supervision and management operations ; providing facility security ; providing custody , control , supervision , and escort ; and counseling individual prisoners in rehabilitative programs .
*** Most Americans today seem unaware of the exhilarating , truly historic and compassionate , world - changing intent that our founding generation had for their new country .
From Thomas Paine's Common Sense :
" O ye that love mankind !
Ye that dare oppose , not only the tyranny , but the tyrant , stand forth !
Every spot of the old world is overrun with oppression .
Freedom hath been hunted round the globe .
Asia , and Africa , have long expelled her .
--
Europe regards her like a stranger , and England hath given her warning to depart .
O! receive the fugitive , and prepare in time an asylum for mankind . "
Happy is the one who seizes your infants and dashes them against the rocks .
Happy is the one who takes your babies and smashes them against the rocks !
Blessed shall he be who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rock !
Blessed is he who seizes your infants and dashes them against the rocks .
How blessed will be the one who seizes and dashes your little ones Against the rock .
Happy the one who takes and dashes
Your little ones against the rock !
Happy , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones .
Happy is he who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rocks .
May the Lord bless everyone who beats your children against the rocks !
who take your babies and smash them against a rock .
Happy is he who takes your little ones and dashes them against the rocks .
How blessed will be the one who seizes your young children and pulverizes them against the cliff !
How blessed will be the one who grabs your babies and smashes them on a rock !
Blessed shall he be who takes and dashes your little ones against the rock .
Happy shall he be who seizes and dashes your little ones against the rock .
Blessed is he who will seize your infants and will dash the rocks !
Blessed is the one who grabs your little children and smashes them against a rock .
Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones Against the rock .
How blessed will be the one who seizes and dashes your little ones Against the rock .
Happy shall he be , that takes and dashes your little ones against the stones .
Happy shall he be , that takes and dashes your little ones against the stones .
Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones Against the rock .
Blessedwho shall seize and dash thine infants against the rock .
Blessed be he that shall take and dash thy little ones against the rock .
Happy he that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the rock .
Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the rock .
Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones .
Happy shall he be , who takes and dashes your little ones against the rock .
By David .
O the happiness of him who doth seize , And hath dashed thy sucklings on the rock !
Access Tech Talks for FREE & more
To access the Tech Talks we ask that you register your details or login .
There is no charge .
Member benefits :
The movie was awarded this year ’s Alfred P. Sloan Prize at the Sundance festival , for outstanding feature film focusing on science and technology .
It is being distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures , whose recent credits include “ Little Miss Sunshine , ” “ Juno ” and last year ’s Oscar winner for best picture , “ Slumdog Millionaire . ”
Image A STARRING ROLE Hugh Dancy of  Adam during filming in New York .
His character has an obsessive interest in astronomy .
Credit ... Julia Griner / Serenade Films / Fox Searchlight
Mr. Dancy plays a young man with Asperger ’s who is left to fend for himself after his father dies .
One day a woman played by Rose Byrne  a “ neurotypical , ” as people with Asperger ’s call almost everyone else  moves into the apartment upstairs .
Romance ensues , along with misunderstanding and confusion .
“ Adam is about life , not his disability , ” said Jonathan Kaufman , the founder of the Manhattan - based consulting agency DisabilityWorks Inc. , who worked as a technical adviser on the film .
“ It uses his Asperger ’s as the lens that colors his life , not the central focal point .
It ’s about relationships , love , family .
The illness is not separate from the person . ”
Mr. Kaufman , who was born with cerebral palsy , founded Disability Works nine years ago to help corporations and agencies develop ways to improve the quality of life for people with disabilities .
He also served as an adviser on an HBO film about Temple Grandin , a woman with high - functioning autism who became a professor at Colorado State University and a pioneering designer of humane livestock facilities .
That film , starring Claire Danes , is to make its debut in 2010 .
Members of the Sloan Prize jury praised “ Adam ” as lifelike and believable .
“ The portrayal of someone who is enthusiastic about science rather than dismissed as geeky was very genuine , ” said Fran Bagenal , a professor of astrophysical and planetary sciences at the University of Colorado .
And Raymond F. Gesteland , a professor of human genetics at the University of Utah , said “ ‘ Adam ’ will help the rest of the world look at Asperger ’s with a new realistic light . ”
Dr. Gesteland also screened the animated feature , “ Mary and Max , ” which opened the Sundance festival .
It deals with the pen-pal relationship of a 44 - year - old New Yorker , who has Asperger ’s and lives on chocolate hot dogs , and a lonely 8 - year - old Australian girl .
The motivation for the film came from hundreds of letters , spanning 20 years , between Adam Elliot , a young Australian , and a middle - age pen pal in Staten Island who he later learned had Asperger’s .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - EBay Inc is pulling the plug on its annual eBay Live !
event , eschewing the large networking affair for a series of more intimate gatherings to connect sellers .
A photograph of a computer screen showing the website eBay is shown here in Encinitas , California April 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
The company notified sellers on its internal blog on Monday that it would no longer hold its planned August 2010 event in Orlando , Florida .
Instead , eBay will host “ more local events that do n’t require costly travel ” for attendees , said president of eBay Marketplaces Lorrie Norrington .
EBay had earlier canceled its 2009 conference .
“ EBay : On Location ” will begin in Orlando in February , then travel to various cities before winding up in San Jose , California , the company ’s headquarters , in August .
The series of smaller events will still bring together eBay sellers and provide opportunities to learn about selling on eBay , Norrington said in the blog .
The three - day event that included networking , talks with eBay executives and forums on how to benefit from eBay ’s site , first began in 2002 .
But recent dissatisfaction among some sellers over changes eBay has made to its pricing , listings and policies had altered the tone of the convention .
At its peak , eBay Live !
attracted some 15,000 attendees , according to AuctionBytes blogger Ina Steiner , who noted that the once - festive atmosphere -- where executives were greeted with rousing standing ovations -- had turned combative .
“ Last year ’s conference in Chicago was so contentious that a convention - center worker observing one session told me it was like attending a union meeting , ” Steiner wrote .
The recession has also had an effect on corporations ’ marketing efforts , with many cutting back on lavishly produced events in favor of more low - key meetings .
The company , which turns 15 next year , is trying to reignite its marketplaces division where growth has decelerated in recent years .
EBay is trying to move away from the online auctions business that made it famous and instead focus on fixed - price sales , which often benefit larger sellers .
EBay reports second - quarter earnings on July 22 .
Environmental chief says Brazil is not world dumping ground as food , household and medical refuse ' repatriated ' to UK
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
More than 1,400 tonnes of potentially hazardous waste , including nappies , condoms , syringes and bags of blood , will be returned to Britain from Brazil as UK authorities investigate whether they were illegally exported .
The Environment Agency today said plans were being made to bring back the rubbish which is thought to have been transported from Felixstowe to three Brazilian ports .
Five Brazilian companies which imported waste between February and May have already been fined , although they said they thought they were receiving plastic for recycling .
The head of Brazil 's environment agency , Roberto Massias , last week called for " repatriation of this garbage " , saying his country was not " a rubbish dump of the world " .
The UK agency 's director of waste , Liz Parks , told the BBC that arrangements were being made to bring back the waste , although it could take a number of weeks .
She also warned that British courts took the dumping of hazardous waste seriously .
" We do prosecute people .
We 've had a number of successful prosecutions in recent years .
And in fact in the crown court , people can be fined unlimited amounts and prison sentences are imposed . "
Brazil has maintained that the cargo , which also included domestic waste , such as food and cleaning product containers , broke an international convention on movement of hazardous waste to which both countries are signatories .
A spokewoman for the UK agency said this country had taken a " strong global lead " in moves to protect the enviroment and human health .
" Where the Environment Agency detects or is made aware of the illegal export of waste , it works with all relevant partner authorities to ensure the environmentally sound management of any illegal shipments – including the poossible return of wastes to the UK .
" If any company is found to have contravened the strict controls on the export of waste as set out by the Basel convention , the Environment Agency will not hesitate to take enforcement action . "
Name of Czech photographer Vlad Artazov is well known to all photography fans .
His works are full of humor , irony and their execution is great .
Do n’t miss it !
Take advantage of the industry 's best artwork proofing process from PsPrint Check out of new aritcle
Hello and welcome !
Feminism is super important to me as a geek .
On a pragmatic , day to day level , my feminism is about paying attention to other women and what they do .
This is extra difficult in some geeky fields and cultures .
It ’s easy to default to male .
I ’d like to suggest to anyone with a feminist or womanist outlook to put attention into diversifying your information feeds and your conversational patterns .
Who do you read ?
Who do you listen to ?
Who do you talk with ?
So I try to be aware of intesectionality of a lot of factors , and really pay attention to women , women of color , lesbian , bi , trans women , disabled women , women who are from different backgrounds and countries and incomes and educational levels and who speak different languages .
My energy and resources , personal and professional , go into supporting other women in their endeavors .
I work for a women ’s media and blogging company , fix women ’s blogs , teach women how to code and do techy stuff , translate women ’s poetry , write about women writers , and I do my open source work for Dreamwidth and for the Organization for Transformative Works .
Despite all that , I am only a situational separatist .
It ’s just that , in order to bond with other women , I find I have to make a particular effort .
The most random men often feel incredibly entitled to my time , attention , energy , and labor .
Men watch and amplify each other ’s works , creating a feedback effect that means I ca n’t even avoid knowing about them .
It takes a conscious shift in attention not to become a constant , default , man fan .
That shift in attention patterns includes : noticing , critiquing , and praising other women ’s work without using the tools of misogyny and racism ; being able to recognize and name problems in communities ; speaking up in public to call out bad behavior and stand behind other women .
Benefits of doing this include : being less of an asshole despite my own privilege ; having a broad base of information from which to judge and make decisions ; less self - hatred and internalized misogyny to struggle with day to day ; not having to kiss ass on men in public while rolling my eyes at them in private ; being less vulnerable to harassment ; and getting to know lots of kickass women doing amazing things .
Instead of feeling alienated while I ’m coding , gaming , blogging , or going to science fiction conventions , I have a lot of powerful and positive sisterhood in my geeky life .
Try it , you ’ll like it .
From WikiLeaks
Tuesday July 21 , 2009
Julian Assange ( investigations editor , WikiLeaks )
Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean Sea
TODAY Chief Justice Gordon
Ward lifted a gag order which had prevented publishers and broadcasters from mentioning ' corruption report ' and ' WikiLeaks ' in the same sentence .
The order , first issued on Saturday against 11 media companies , and reissued last night , has led to bizarre press coverage , where WikiLeaks was not named , but referred to instead using Orwellian terms such as ' a multi-jurisdictional website ' .
The injuncted media companies today argued before the Supreme Court of the Turks & Caicos Islands ( a British Overseas Territory and tax haven ) , that the popularity of WikiLeaks means that the corruption report in question is effectively in the public domain anyway .
The Guardian newspaper found itself in same position earlier this year , when a High Court judge ordered it not to tell its readers that documents exposing a multi-billion dollar Barclay 's bank tax avoidance scam were available on WikiLeaks .
The suppressed Turks & Caicos report , written by UK Court of Appeals Justice , Sir Robin Auld , investigated corruption at the highest levels in the Islands .
The report was commissioned by the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
A redacted version with its most important findings removed was formally released by the Turks & Caicos Commission of Inquiry on Saturday .
After only 2.3 hours , the report was removed from the Inquiry 's website and was not replaced .
On early Sunday morning , London time , WikiLeaks released the full , unredacted report .
According to the report , foreign investors and property development consortiums acquired parts of the beautiful Turks & Caicos Islands by bribing the country 's political leadership with millions in loans and secret payments .
Included in the payments is a $ 500,000 secret transfer to the then head of the country , Premier Michael Misick , who is also the recently estranged husband of Hollywood actress LisaRaye McCoy - Misick .
LisaRaye McCoy - Misick and former Premier Michael Misick
LisaRaye , best known for the U.S. sitcom
All of Us , testified against her husband to the investigating Commission .
She revealed the couple 's lavish lifestyle , which included $ 100,000 flights to the U.S in Misick 's private jet .
When elected Premier in 2003 , Michael Misick declared assets of under $ 50,000 .
The transcript of LisaRaye 's testimony is available on WikiLeaks and was also released by the Commission .
According to statements made to the London Times earlier this month , the UK intends to suspend the Islands ' constitution and take direct rule -- with the support of British Navy -- something that has the press of other British colonies in the Caribbean and Atlantic , such as Bermuda , aghast .
A total Western media failure
The corruption report gag - orders are a result of English jurisprudence , which evolved to protect the dirty dealings of Earls , Barons , and similar multi-generational oligarchs , from public oversight .
In many other post - feudal countries , revolutions , occupations and independence movements have reset the jurisprudence clock , establishing cultural and legislative norms for free expression .
This is not the case for the UK or its pseudo - independent colonies .
Were it not for the combined efforts of WikiLeaks and the injuncted Turks & Caicos Islands media companies , no doubt the gag order would still be in effect .
Caribbean media has mentioned a concurrent legal action in London to suppress the report .
According to Google News , which indexes over 50,000 news sources , there has been no reportage ( outside of WikiLeaks ) of the report 's redacted findings .
No reportage ( outside of WikiLeaks and Caribbean outlets ) of the pending British takeover ; no reportage of the foreign bribery ; no reportage of the gag orders or indeed , anything to do with the report 's release .
However , do not think that this means there has been no coverage about the Turks & Caicos Islands .
Far from it .
Since the reports release on Saturday , there have been dozens of articles .
A small sample from the last 24 hours :
The New York Times told the world how " ...
The West Bay Club , a 47 - room luxury resort in Turks and Caicos , is offering discounted rates , free nights and spa specials through the winter holiday season ... " .
Britain 's second best selling newspaper , the Daily Mail told its readers about someone 's " ... photograph of his wife 's bikini - clad behind as they attended the wedding of her ex-husband Bruce Willis and Emma Heming in the Turks and Caicos ... " .
While USA Today interviewed Denise Richard : " Charlie ( Sheen ) and I went there for our ( wedding ) anniversary .
We had heard about this place that we did n't know anything about it .
We stayed at Parrot Cay ...
Once you get there you do n't leave .
They have a beautiful fitness spa with yoga classes , massages and a nice , healthy menu . "
Not to be outdone , Reuters , a ' hard news ' source , issued a newswire : " Turks and Caicos Islands Clocks go back by one hour to GMT - 5 . "
See also
You said on the page that the koalas where searching for water as a result of a heat wave .
This is n't true , these koalas where dying of thirst and desperately seeking sources of water , as a result of the recent bushfires across the state of Victoria , as I 'm sure you must have heard of .
Koalas usually get their water exclusively from the leaves of eucalyptus trees , and do not directly drink water , so this is an extremely rare sight .
The Victorian bushfires caused very dark times for Australia , as did thousands of people across the state lost their homes and even lives , as well as did thousands upon thousands of animals .
The animals that survived were left to live off very little , as most of the fauna was burnt to the ground , and will take years to recover .
These pictures represent the desperate measures these poor lost creatures will go to for the chance to survive .
They may seem cute , but we Australians do not see them as funny , not one bit .
So it annoys me to see you pass off a simple heat wave as an explanation for these pictures .
Would you please change it ?
In addition to the new trailer for “ Planet 51 , ” Sony Pictures has debuted the second full trailer for 3D animated “ , ” follow - up to “ ” from a few years ago , which is is co-directed byand Chris .
The screenplay co-written by both Lord and Miller is inspired by the children ’s book , written by authorand illustrated by , of the same name .
“ Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs ” is about Flint Lockwood , an inventor , who tries to solve the world hunger problem and invents the ability to turn water into food , causing it to rain food all day long .
“ Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , ” voiced byandis set for US release on September 18 , 2009 .
LensCrafters , NCM.com and Sony Pictures Animation invite you to enter the “ Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs ” sweepstakes for their chance to win fantastic prizes , including a Grand Prize trip for one fan and up to three guests to see the World Premiere of the film .
Others prizes include LensCrafters gift certificates , the DVD version of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs , and movie tickets .
For complete details , visit : http://www.ncm.com/Lenscrafters/Sweepstakes
March in support of the Vestas workers , Isle of Wight , July 24 , 2009 .
Videos from Seize the Day ( top ) and Ventnor Blog .
Vestas workers should think about standing as worker - politicians
By Ryde Trades Council , England
http://savevestas.wordpress.com -- July 27 , 2009 --
Many are talking about the ineptness of New Labour , epitomised by its spokesperson on climate , Ed Miliband .
Not only has the Labour government shown to be dissonant , with its mixed messages on climate change , but also exposed by its rhetoric .
This is definitely a consequence of the actions of the Vestas workers .
Listening to these bright young speakers [ from among the Vestas workers ] who have indeed shown their personalities and their eloquence in recent speeches and interviews , they have also shown their ability to become political and argue deftly with these so - called experts .
The solutions espoused by these contemporaries are embarrassing to the political “ experts ” and put them in the shadows .
It is not only New Labour who fail but also the rest of the cartel parties who sing off the same songsheet .
Not one of the mainstream parties speaks for the workers or the island or indeed the country but are all shown only to be sympathetic to big business .
It is not unreasonable to appreciate the potential .
It is not without credence to consider these young workers as future independent worker - politicians .
There are many examples where campaigners for hospitals or schools have stood in their constituencies for what they believe in .
It is for this reason that Vestas workers should consider standing in the coming general election , selected by their peers and voted for by Isle of Wight citizens .
People are looking for an alternative to the parties of the status quo .
These young people are developing many ideas and putting forward many solutions in favour of ordinary people as far ranged as the environmental integrity of the planet .
These workers have engaged in the act of finding out about things by engaging in a very practical struggle , which is bearing a complexity of fruit .
What they are discovering in all of this is that the most important factor is the human factor .
Vestas is just a name , a name of a company that acquired a space with some means of production inside of it ; the real value in the production of wind turbines has been the skills of the workforce and their social productivity .
It is the consciousness of the human factor and the consciousness of what could be achieved that has a growing confidence about itself .
It is the confidence that expresses itself in the belief that it is not only that production of wind turbines can continue , but it probably will continue in a different way than what it was before and in such a way that the workers previously known as Vestas workers will have more freedom in the decision - making process to become free workers who are the motive force to recommence production .
Vestas has been shown up for being authoritarian and dismissive of its workforce .
The government and the powers that be have also tried to be as dismissive of the actions that have taken place .
This state of affairs has been challenged by the workers and has inspired and led others in similar positions .
The workers have taken a step towards liberating themselves and upholding their dignity and the dignity of labour – this must go further .
* * *
Mike Bradley , one of the Vestas occupiers , addressed the rally outside the factory on July 24 after the march .
Praising those still inside , he said that “ They ’ve shown everybody on this Island that it ’s possible to defend jobs ” .
“ The Labour government should be utterly ashamed ” he said .
“ This is a fight that can be won , ” finishing with “ If you roll over , you lose .
If you fight , you win . ” Audio from Ventnor Blog .
[ Scroll down for newest items added . ]
* * *
July 22 , 2009 --
The madness of the capitalist market has yet again been starkly exposed as -- in the midst of the planet 's worst environmental crisis , global warming -- workers at Britain 's only factory building wind turbines have been forced to occupy their plant to prevent its closure and save their jobs .
The July 21 Morning Star reports that the workers are demanding that Britain 's Labour government nationalise the plant .
The workers ' report that they have been beseiged by riot police , who are attempting to starve the occupiers out by preventing locals aand climate campaigners from delivering food and supplies .
The workers ' website explains :
Vestas Blades UK on the Isle of Wight is due to close on July 31 .
Six hundred jobs will be lost immediately , many more jobs that depend on Vestas will follow .
This makes no sense from a green or a labour perspective !
The government has just announced a major expansion of renewable energy including wind power .
We are calling on Vestas to keep the factories open , saving jobs and offering those who want to leave a better redundancy deal .
We are calling on the government to intervene to save jobs at Vestas -- through nationalisation if that is what it takes -- to show that it is serious about saving the planet .
Morning Star reports : Production workers launched their occupation of the Vestas factory on the Isle of Wight in protest against the bosses ' attempts to close down one of the island 's largest workplaces and throw staff on the dole at the end of the month .
Vestas workers are fighting for jobs and the environment .
Photo from http://savevestas.wordpress.com/
Executives at the multinational Danish firm claim that they have " lost faith " in the government 's promise of huge investments in renewable energy and will now move the production of wind turbine blades to factories in the US and China .
But their staff are determined to resist , pledging to continue the occupation " for as long as it takes " -- even as their bosses imposed a lock out on the remaining production workers at the site .
" We are fighting for our jobs and a greener environment " , a statement from the Vestas workers declared .
" As workers at a wind turbine manufacturer , we were confident that , as the recession took hold , green or renewable energy would be the area where many jobs could be created , not lost .
" We want the government to nationalise the company and stick to its word because it has stated that it wants to create as many green jobs as possible , but so far the government seems quite happy to let this factory close . "
Speaking to the Morning Star from inside the occupied factory , Mark -- who did not want to give his full name for fear of reprisals -- stressed that the staff had " done everything that management asked , keeping up the quality of the work so that Vestas would continue to invest in the plant . "
Mark related that he had been making wind turbine blades for seven years .
" I have a family , a 14 - month - old daughter and I 've lived on the island all my life , but , despite making more than £ 350 million profits last year , our bosses want to add us to the already dire unemployment figures on the island . "
He revealed that Vestas was " strongly anti-union -- management ask people at their interviews whether they are a union member or not -- and have refused to talk to us about what they intend to do , which is one of the reasons we have occupied the place . "
On July 20 , police were surrounded the factory while Vestas bosses called in private security guards and cut phone and internet communication to the site in an attempt to intimidate the workers .
But support from the local community has poured in , with residents passing food and blankets to those inside .
Ryde and East Wight Trades Council secretary Tony Kelly urged trade unionists to support the occupation , pointing out that " the loss of these jobs would be a hard blow anywhere in Britain but , because the Isle of Wight has had no investment in the last decade , there are no other jobs . "
Visteon car workers , who won their fight for redundancy pay after staging similar factory occupations , have also sent messages of solidarity , while the Campaign Against Climate Change echoed the Vesta workers ' demand for nationalisation , insisting that the government " should take over the plant and restart production " .
What you can do
Send messages of support from yourself or your organisation to savevestas@googlemail.com .
from yourself or your organisation to savevestas@googlemail.com .
Send a donation from your trade - union or other organisation , or make a personal donation : cheques payable to Ryde and East Wight Trades Union Council , 22 Church Lane , Ryde , Isle of Wight , PO33 2NB
, or make a personal donation : cheques payable to Ryde and East Wight Trades Union Council , 22 Church Lane , Ryde , Isle of Wight , PO33 2NB Petition energy minister Ed Miliband .
His e-address is ps.ed.miliband@decc.gsi.gov.uk .
His phone number in his Doncaster constituency is 01302 875 462 , and at Westminster , 020 7219 4778 .
Flood him with calls for the government to take over the Vestas factory and keep it producing , under new management .
.
His e-address is ps.ed.miliband@decc.gsi.gov.uk .
His phone number in his Doncaster constituency is 01302 875 462 , and at Westminster , 020 7219 4778 .
Flood him with calls for the government to take over the Vestas factory and keep it producing , under new management .
Visit the workers ' wbsite at http://savevestas.wordpress.com/ and pass onword of their struggle .
Vestas workers dig their heels in
By John Millington
The Camp for Climate Action show their solidarity for the Vestas workers .
pic : http://savevestas.wordpress.com
Unions and climate change campaigners have joined forces in solidarity with Vestas workers in their second day of occupation at the factory on the Isle of Wight .
Vestas employers are keen to move production abroad to China and the US with the loss of 625 jobs , despite making over £ 34 million profit in the first quarter of this year alone - up 70 per cent on last year .
But the defiant workers at the wind turbine production plant showed no signs of backing down until their demands for nationalisation and restoration of their " green jobs " at the plant are implemented .
A 200 - strong picket line has massed outside the factory in support of the occupation .
In response to the show of strength by the workers , Vestas management have closed the factory and hired a private security firm to " protect the premises . "
The anti-union employer stepped up the blockade by cutting communication lines and access to food and water .
Even though no crime has been committed on the site , Hampshire Police have set up an " operations base " in the building where the occupying workers are holed up .
The workforce have accused the police of being complicit in stopping food and water from reaching them .
Police arrested a man on suspicion of breach of the peace as he tried to enter the building in the early hours to deliver food to the workers but released him without charge .
But a mass walk - in from supporting protesters outside the plant made it inside this afternoon to get food to the workers .
Floods of support have poured in from all over Britain , with trade unions and climate change activists eager to show solidarity .
RMT general secretary Bob Crow declared the union 's " full support " for the occupation and urged the entire trade union movement to get behind the Vestas workers .
" Nothing underlines the attack on job and communities that has been unleashed in the UK by greedy bosses and incompetent politicians better than the occupation at Vestas , " he said .
Mr Crow underlined the importance of the occupation and agreed with the workers ' calls for nationalisation .
But the RMT leader , who plans to address workers at the factory gates today , questioned why the police had such a heavy presence at the site .
" Why is the state intervening in what is a perfectly legitimate trading dispute ?
" This is a major issue for whole trade union movement - we can't allow these workers to be starved back to work , " he said .
" There 's a simple solution to this dispute .
The government should nationalise the factory , protect the jobs and show that they are walking the walk when it come to green and renewable energy . "
Unite national secretary for manufacturing John Rowse urged the government to save Vestas .
" It would send out a clear message that it is serious about saving the environment as well as supporting UK manufacturing , " he said .
Climate change campaigners staged a rally against the closure outside the Department of Energy in central London in support of the occupation .
Support for Vestas staff rises
Hampshire police said two men were arrested close to the Vestas Wind Systems site on Tuesday night following three arrests earlier that day .
The latest arrests were of a 41 - year - old man on suspicion of criminal damage and a 23 - year - old man on suspicion of a public order offence .
The sit - in is part of a bid to save the factory from closure next week with the loss of over 600 jobs .
The Danish owners of the factory have erected a fence around the site in response to a growing protest by environmental and climate change demonstrators .
Workers said the fence had been built to stop food or drink being sent in , leading to complaints that the company 's action was illegal .
" It 's appalling , " said one of the workers .
" We are convinced this is against the Human Rights Act because we are being denied humanitarian aid .
" But the more the management try to flush us out , the more determined we are to dig in our heels . "
The occupiers were backed by Labour MP John McDonnell , convener of the Trade Union Co-ordinating Group .
" These workers are at the forefront of the struggle to save their jobs and our planet , " he said .
" The TUCG stands shoulder - to - shoulder with this occupation and calls for full support and solidarity with this vitally important campaign . "
The TUCG comprises eight unions - the RMT , PCS , BFAWU , FBU , NAPO , NUJ , POA and URTU .
Bob Crow , RMT General Secretary , who was scheduled to visit the site last night , said : " We know from this company is aggressively anti-union and the TUCG salutes the courage of those who have taken the brave decision to occupy the factory .
They deserve the full support of the whole trade union movement . "
PCS assistant general secretary Chris Baugh called on the government to intervene " to save the plant in the interests of the Vestas workers , the regional economy on the Isle of Wight and the future of the renewables industry in the UK . "
Vestas turbine staff get RMT help
Morning Star --
The Rail Maritime and Transport Union ( RMT ) has pledged legal assistance to workers occupying a wind - turbine factory on the Isle of Wight .
Around 25 workers have been occupying the Vestas Wind Systems plant on the island in a bid to stop the factory closing next week with the loss of hundreds of jobs .
Dozens of climate change and environmental activists have also set up a camp outside the site in support of the workers .
The workers have been told that the Danish owners will go to court next week to seek a possession order to stop the occupation .
In addition to promising legal help for the workers , RMT also called for talks with Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband to try to save the factory .
General secretary Bob Crow , who visited the site this week , said the union was also making arrangements to get food , water and other supplies into the factory .
This might include the use of a helicopter , to prevent the workers from being " starved into submission . "
" The whole of the trade union and environmental movement should be proud of the courage and determination being shown by the workers at Vestas in the teeth of threats and intimidation , " he said .
" We all have a duty to ensure they are not beaten into submission . "
One of the workers within the plant commented : " People are coming along to show their support and that means a lot to us , the more support we get the better .
" Hopefully people will come along and see us because it's all very important , this is for the island and we have to save these jobs , there 's lots of families affected . "
Tracy Ferne from the Camp for Climate Action said that people were angry at the treatment of the workers at the hands of the police , Vestas management " and the government 's empty renewables rhetoric . "
She was scathing about Mr Miliband 's claim that there would be a huge investment in the renewables industry and 600,000 new green jobs .
" It 's all talk , " Ms Ferne said .
" The government is not pledging any money to save 600 genuine green jobs now . "
Hundreds rally in support of Vestas occupation
By Tom Walker on the Isle of Wight
Socialist Worker ( Britain ) -- July 25 , 2009 --
More than 400 people rallied outside the occupied Vestas wind turbine plant on the Isle of Wight tonight after a march from Newport town centre .
The workers have now been in occupation for four days in the fight to save their jobs .
Ed Rooksby , a teacher in the NUT union from near Southampton , told Socialist Worker , “ I ’m actually on holiday but I ’m a socialist so I thought I ought to turn up .
The government proclaims its green credentials .
If it ’s serious about them it should nationalise the factory rather than let it got to the wall . ”
Andy Woodhouse , a Newport water worker and a member of the GMB union , said , “ Six hundred jobs is a huge loss to the island .
We do n’t get many people protesting here .
A lot of people on the Isle of Wight are retired and affluent .
That ’s why we ’ve got a Tory council and a Tory MP .
To get this many on a protest at such sort notice is great .
It shows that some of us do care . ”
Matt , an unemployed person from Portsmouth , said , “ I ’ve come to show solidarity .
It ’s about renewable energy .
We need more wind power not less .
And it ’s about 600 jobs . ”
As the march moved off protesters chanted , “ Save our Vestas .
Save our jobs . ”
One protester held up a cardboard wind turbine .
Placards read , “ More wind , less talk ” and “ Green jobs now . ”
Cathy Tyler , a charity worker from Wooton on the island , said , “ The government will save the banks but not the industries that can save the planet .
The occupation is the best thing that ’s happened to the Isle of Wight in the 27 years I ’ve lived here .
We ’ve surely got the whole of the Isle of Wight ’s socialist movement here today . ”
Cohan Tyler , who is 14 , said “ I went up to London with my cousin to a meeting about Vestas .
I ’m trying to get others at my school to support the campaign for weeks .
It ’s an amazing cause .
It ’s 600 jobs here and it ’s the only wind turbine factory in the whole country .
It ’s about protecting our future . ”
Steve , a Vestas worker who has been elected to represent the occupation , told the rally , “ Management have tried to bully the occupation into submission but it is n’t moving .
They tried to starve them out but that did n’t work .
They cut the power , but that dis b’t work .
Our message is , ‘ No more games . ’
We ’re hitting the company where it hurts — in the pocket . ”
Since the occupation began Vestas ’s share price has fallen almost 7 per cent .
Management have asked the occupiers for files from inside .
The occupiers have said they ’ll pass the files over in exchange for one hot meal .
Throughout the rally the crowd broke into chants of , “ One hot meal . ”
Mark Chiverton , from Isle of Wight Unison union , told the crowd , “ Everyone is inspired by the people on the plant ’s balcony .
I know how hard it is to get people to take action .
Three weeks ago I was quite sceptical about the idea of an occupation .
But each night support for this campaign is growing .
This is a message that is going out worldwide . ”
Mark Stringer , who had been one of the occupiers , told the rally , “ I ’ve got involved because I knew my chances of getting another job on the island were next to zero .
I ’ve got a family to feed .
The atmosphere inside is one of solidarity .
The management tried their bullying tactics but after a while they saw the occupation was there to stay . ”
Maddie , from the Camp for Climate Action , said , “ Moving to low carbon energy source like wind is vital if we ’re going to tackle climate change .
But there ’s a question where that change is going to come from .
This occupation shows that it needs to come from the workers not the bosses . ”
Workers and supporters believe that the occupation can win .
Another demonstration is planned for 6 pm on Saturday , outside the factory .
Campaigners are urging people to come to the Isle of Wight to join the constant camp and the picket outside the plant .
Finally , one hot meal
July 26 , 2009 -- http://savevestas.wordpress.com/ -- Yesterday [ Saturday , July 25 ] was fairly quiet for the early part of the day .
Spirits were still high inside after the previous evening ’s march and rally and the deliveries by tennis ball of tobacco , papers and most importantly the equipment needed to get them internet access inside .
The police and security are a bit more relaxed now and the tennis balls that fell short were thrown up to the workers by some of the security guards .
No one is being arrested as yet for trespassing on the waste ground next to the factory where the balls are slung in from .
A lot of words are expended here and elsewhere on the topic of what constitutes good management and what constitutes bad management .
It ’s fair to say there is no absolute answer to this question as the relative importance of different elements will vary depending on the perspective from which you view the situation .
Working life and the decisions that affect it look different depending whether you are a skilled worker , unskilled worker , manager , finance director , CEO , shareholder , customer or omnipotent deity who gets to decide the fate of everyone ’s immortal soul .
The US Constitution holds certain truths to be self - evident and most people have very definite ideas on what truths of good management are self - evident .
It ’s just a shame that exactly what is evident varies so much from self to self .
The following real - life stories showing the actions of good bosses and bad bosses are told from the perspective of an IT worker but when I ’ve shared them with others in the past , I ’ve found that the experiences are very broadly shared .
Although the companies involved were very different , they had the following things broadly in common : they had a requirement to make a profit , losing good staff would be negative both in terms of the loss of expertise and experience as well as the costs incurred in replacing them and finally , there were certain “ deliverables ” expected of the department and you could objectively measure whether or not these things were delivered .
Scenario 1 – an outside entity attacks the team in a game of office politics .
Good Boss
The first thing a good boss did in this situation was to treat me specifically and the team generally as grown ups who were capable of dealing with the truth .
He told us exactly what was happening , what had been said and what the potential implications were .
He then asked for our side of the story and if we had any evidence to support our version of events .
Fortunately we did have a paper and data trail that covered our collective butts so our boss told us not to worry and went off and dealt with the situation .
In short , he trusted us and recognised we were his best asset so went and represented us .
Bad Boss
The worst response I have suffered from a bad boss in this type of situation is from a boss who constantly attempted to deflect criticism away from her and straight onto her team .
She seemed to think that actually defending her own team was too high risk and so responded to almost every attack by automatically agreeing with the attacker and blaming an individual on the team .
“ Oh yeah , that Mr Angry .
He ’s always screwing that up no matter how many times I tell him . ”
There are three major drawbacks to this strategy that all cowardly managers really need to consider .
One , it makes you an easy target because other parts of the business realise you never mount a defence so they can blame you for everything .
Two , it makes your team regard you as the enemy because they sure as hell ca n’t trust you to be an ally .
Whether you realise it or not , one day you will need their support .
Three , when your scapegoat (s ) eventually quit , the whole strategy falls apart when things do n’t get any better .
If the problem does n’t go away when the person you always blamed leaves , it becomes slightly more obvious where the blame might lie .
Scenario 2 – There really is a performance problem you have to deal with
Bad Boss
I ’m not perfect and I have screwed things up in the past .
The classic way for a bad boss to deal with this is to be punitive from the outset .
This is where the boss conducts a performance review or ( shudder ) “ counselling session ” in three distinct stages .
When the session starts the bad boss has already reached a negative conclusion – “ You are bad for this reason . ”
The second stage involves piling on damning “ evidence ” that is often arguably true but all spun to present the recipient in the worst possible light .
The third and final stage is the threat , sometimes known in doublespeak as “ improvement criteria ” but could be more honestly described as the manager ’s plan for screwing the employee no matter what .
This whole process can be documented to look extremely fair .
The problem is , when you make your conclusion before starting this process , everything after that is done simply to justify the conclusion already reached which sucks the fairness right out of it .
If all you want to do is punish someone , go right ahead but that sort of mentality is not maintainable long term .
Good ( or salvageable ) employees will leave for a more positive environment .
Truly bad employees will make your life a misery no matter what process you follow so may as well hang onto your own integrity and deal with situations in a productive way .
Good Boss
The way a good boss shows themself to be a good boss in this situation is to be open and honest .
If you start with the point of view that the situation can be remedied then you ’re far more likely to actually reach a positive resolution .
Be honest with the employee about what the issue is and why it ’s serious but be open to the possibility that there ’s something you do n’t know about that could paint things in a different light .
In one situation , I was called to account for not doing some paperwork that turned out to be critical for an audit .
My boss dragged me in to tell me what was happening and why it was important ( the fact the paperwork was missing had been discovered by an auditor who was making a big scene about it ) and asked me for my side .
I came clean and admitted I had n’t done it because , well , it was a pain .
He took a “ what ’s done is done ” attitude and asked me how I could recover the situation .
I said I could have the paperwork all done within a week and I would work with the auditor to make sure it was all OK .
He accepted this and gave me a gentle “ do n’t let it happen again ” nudge .
Then he told me he probably would have sacked me if I had lied about it or tried to blame someone else .
He probably also would have kicked my arse if I did n’t follow through on my commitment as well .
Scenario 3 – Getting staff to do what you want
Bad Boss
Bad bosses almost alway try to enforce their will through fear or at least through the threat of retribution .
They do n’t trust their staff to do well and think they have to constantly threaten them with what will happen if they do n’t do the right thing .
The trouble with negative motivation is that it produces negative results .
You might get the output you are demanding but the staff will have no emotional commitment to the work .
In my experience , staff subjected to negative management approaches will find a way to make sure they are producing the bare minimum to escape negative attention .
If the staff do n’t care about their work , there is no motivation to reach new heights .
When your motivation is solely to avoid the metaphorical stick , you can safely stop the moment you are out of the stick ’s reach .
And do n’t underestimate the negative payback you will get from staff .
There is no end to how devious workers will get when they feel they are being treated unfairly .
At the more benign end of the scale are simple “ go slow ” strategies but the worse you make staff feel , the easier many people find it to justify sabotage or outright theft from the company .
Good Boss
The most powerful tool at the good boss ’ disposal is respect .
When staff respect their boss they want to earn the respect of the boss in turn .
The horrible feeling of disappointing someone you want to impress is a far more powerful motivator than the threat of retribution .
This does not mean a boss has to be smarter or better than employees ( although that helps ) .
It means leading with integrity , encouraging positivity and recognising achievements .
Above all , it means showing respect to your staff and letting them see you treat everyone you deal with in an ethical manner .
As old fashioned as it sounds , at the end of the day being a good boss or a bad boss is an ethical choice .
Many environments seem to reward negative behaviour .
When the ruthless and self - interested rise more rapidly up the corporate ladder it can be hard to avoid following suit .
Positive management practices promote positive outcomes , both commercially and in terms of the well - being of staff ( managers included ) .
Sociopaths sometimes get exactly what they want but no matter how much they get , they ’re still sociopaths .
And if being the tyrant king of a steaming shitpile populated by angry , negative people is your idea of success then I guess you wasted a few minutes of your life by reading this piece .
