According to this person , who was not authorized to speak for the record , the intensive talks about the true nature of Dubai ’s debt problems broke ground in communication and disclosure between the emirates  a sign that from here on , Abu Dhabi will impose a much higher level of scrutiny and supervision over Dubai ’s decisions , financial and otherwise .
Image Investors watched share prices Monday in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The markets cheered Abu Dhabi 's lifeline to Dubai .
Credit ...
Charles Crowell / Bloomberg News
Blood ties also served their purpose .
Not only are the rulers of Dubai and Abu Dhabi descendants of the Bani Yas tribe that first settled the lonely stretch of desert in the 18th century , they are also joined by marriage .
The daughter of Sheik Mohammed of Dubai recently married Sheik Mansour bin Zayed al - Nahyan , the half brother of Sheik Khalifa and a member of the federal cabinet .
It became clear that what had started as a negotiating ploy by Dubai World with its creditors had become a compounding crisis that threatened the global credibility of not only Dubai , but the United Arab Emirates itself .
Therefore , decisive action was taken .
Dubai World ’s standstill created even more of an uproar when a group of foreign hedge funds that had recently become large holders of the bonds of Nakheel , Dubai World ’s troubled real estate venture , threatened to drive Dubai World into default by rejecting its proposal to delay interest payments .
While there have always been tensions between the expansionist Dubai and more conservative Abu Dhabi , the prospect of foreign investors laying claim to some of the United Arab Emirates ’ most valuable properties , like Dubai ’s port operations , seems to have been justification enough for Abu Dhabi to step in .
According to a statement released on Monday by Dubai , the $ 10 billion was to be used to cover the $ 4.1 billion owed to the Nakheel bondholders  due on Monday  as well as to provide money for the company to pay its creditors through April 2010 on the condition that the standstill agreement was accepted .
The Children of Sodom and Gomorrah How Europe 's Discarded Computers Are Poisoning Africa 's Kids
People in the West throw away millions of old computers every year .
Hundreds of thousands of them end up in Africa , where children try to eke out a living by selling the scrap .
But the toxic elements in the waste are slowly poisoning them .
On a day when NGOs were given limited access to the Copenhagen summit , protesters marched on the Bella centre to reclaim the climate debate back to the people most affected
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A hero grandmother told how she was forced to break down the door of a stranded Eurostar train yesterday ­fearing for the lives of her two grandchildren trapped inside , struggling to breathe .
Yvonne Lewis , 54 , below , was among more than 2,000 British passengers stuck with hardly any food or water for up to 18 HOURS in searing 40C ( 104 F ) heat when five trains broke down in the Channel Tunnel wreaking travel mayhem .
Terrified holidaymakers many on their way back from Disneyland Paris say they were treated like caged ­animals by Eurostar staff who even told some to stop breathing so ­heavily as there is not enough oxygen for ­everyone .
Many thought they had been hit by a bomb as the trains ground to a sudden halt and were plunged into darkness due to a technical fault , believed to have been caused by a giant blocks of ice falling off the bottom of the carriages .
Women passed out , children were vomiting , fights broke out , and people were forced to urinate in the aisles amid chaotic scenes , while nearly 1,500 ­passengers including supermodel Claudia Schiffer were told to evacuate their trains and find their own way in darkness to rescue locomotives .
Yvonne , from North London , told how she had no option but to stage her ­dramatic rescue when she saw grandsons Rhys , 10 , and Ben , seven , who suffers from diabetes , were close to fainting .
They had boarded the Eurostar after a holiday at Disney as a treat to Ben who has endured years of cancer tests but it quickly turned to horror .
The 5ft 2in gran a qualified first - aider said :
Wed been sat trapped in a train for four hours and no one told us what was going on .
I couldnt just sit there .
My grandsons were close to fainting and some children had vomited .
The driver locked himself in the ­engine room and we were knocking on the door asking what was going on you could just hear him inside , crying .
Passengers were getting very angry .
We were desperate as we couldnt breathe in there and it was like a sauna but all we were told on the intercom was to inhale less and keep seated .
I asked two other passengers to help me break down the door to get out .
We had to make a break for it for the sake of the children .
It was a shambles .
The boys mum Denise Hawyard , 33 , said her sons were left traumatised by the ordeal .
She added :
We were in the tunnel , about 10 minutes from UK , when we heard this almighty bang .
At first , we thought it was a bomb or something it sounded like an explosion or that the train had derailed .
Then we were just left there .
People got frustrated and they were even ­charging for water .
We were forced to wait in the dark for two hours before being told to evacuate .
But by this time the boys were really hungry .
Ben is diabetic and it was like a sauna inside the carriage .
We couldnt breathe and I was trying to get someone to refrigerate the insulin for Ben .
A French doctor finally came round to see him because he was looking so poorly we were getting desperate to get some food in him .
But the doctor just said , Leave his blood to run high .
Its all right .
But I was terrified he would pass out , which is why Mum had to smash down the door .
The way Eurostar treated us was absolutely atrocious .
The nightmare began on Friday evening as five trains set out from Brussels and Paris in ­freezing temperatures and the worst snow storms France has seen for eight years .
It is thought the trains all over halfway through the tunnel ­suffered a fault as they entered the warmer air of the tunnel .
Two carrying 1,364 passengers were evacuated , with travellers making a harrowing walk to freedom down a narrow ledge .
Many others were left to plan their own escape route by climbing out of carriages and walking through the pitch black tunnel over live electric ­cables .
And last night , as weary ­passengers arrived back in the UK many more than a day late they rounded on Eurostar .
Fashion student Kiri Chapman , 17 , from Maidstone , Kent , who was trapped in a carriage for 10 hours , said : Everyone thought they were going to die .
People were passing out because of the lack of air .
Then someone came round and told us to stop breathing heavily because there wasnt enough oxygen for everyone .
It was horrendous like being trapped in a chamber of death .
James Haselden , 40 , from Gravesened , added :
Ive never met such a rude , ­arrogant bunch of people as those French people running Eurostar .
We were treated like animals .
The Eurostar staff made out like they couldnt speak English and wouldnt do anything .
We had one bottle of water between 10 of us .
We had one Danish pastry between nine of us .
We had two toilets between 1,800 people .
They wouldnt open the other toilet because there was no flushing water and it was seeping with excrement .
We couldnt breathe and kids passed out .
Ill never travel with Eurostar again .
Lee Godfrey , who had boarded the Eurostar Paris at Disney at 7.37 pm , said people were left stricken with fear as they got off the train .
He said :
The evacuation procedure we followed was one we set down ourselves because there was no one to help .
When we disembarked from the train , we had no lights .
That was very scary for the children and the older people .
We went off one by one from the train into the adjoining tunnel , and joined a car transporter from Folkestone .
It was filthy , children were asleep in the floor , they had been sick , there was just one loo .
It was a complete nightmare .
Weary travellers were still arriving back at Eurostar ­stations at Kings Cross , London , and the two stops and Folkestone and ­Ashford , both in Kent , late last night .
And the chaos carried on when some emergency Eurostars put on to shuttle passengers home were cancelled .
Two off - duty police officers who helped stricken passenger told how conditions were appalling .
Caroline Lowe , of Sussex Police , and her partner , ­Metropolitan policeman Anton Menzies , helped evacuate the train with help from another off - duty student policeman and an off - duty paramedic .
Among the people the officers went to the aid of was a seven - and - a - half - month pregnant woman .
Ms Lowe said :
We needed to keep people as calm as possible .
We used the Tannoy to ask people to remain on the train for their safety , while we ­evacuated everyone carriage by carriage , reassuring them there were alternative exits and wed take them to safety .
All four have asked to meet Eurostar officials .
Richard Brown , chief executive of EuroStar , yesterday apologised and said passengers will get compensation .
He added that an investigation was ­underway but suggested the breakdown was due to the extreme weather .
Eurostar is very , very sorry so many were inconvenienced , he said .
John Keefe , spokesman for Eurotunnel , the Channel Tunnel operator , said the drama was absolutely extraordinary .
A total of five trains were stuck in the Channel Tunnel leaving people stuck for up to 16 hours .
1 . The 6.59 pm from Brussels delayed for 3hrs 49 mins .
2 . The 6.43 pm from Paris passengers had to be ­evacuated on to a freight train before returning to London St ­Pancras at 8 am - 12 hours later than expected .
3 and 4 .
The 7.13 pm and 8.13 pm from Paris both had to be hauled to Folkestone , Kent , where passengers were put on five coaches to London .
5 . The 7.37 pm from EuroDisney passengers were evacuated on to a freight train to ­Folkestone .
They were then put on a rescue train to get them back to ­London .
The 8.29 pm from Brussels and the 9.13 pm from Paris were both turned back to their original destinations .
Passengers have been offered a full refund plus a free Eurostar voucher for another journey .
news@sundaymirror.co.uk
This gorgeous image of a blue arc of the Earth against the blackness of space was captured by the Rosetta spacecraft as it swung by our planet .
The European Space Agency mission is on its way to intercept the comet , 67P / Churyumov-Gerasimenko .
The ship will deploy a lander onto the comet 's surface , the first such attempt to be made .
To gather up the necessary energy to reach the comet out past Mars ' orbit , Rosetta needed three swings past Earth .
This is its third and final flyby .
It will reach the comet in early 2014 .
Unlike the most famous pictures of Earth , which show most of the blue marble , this photo presents a planet in darkness , just the South Pole awash in light .
* Image : ESA .
High - resolution image of planet Earth from Rosetta . *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
8199880 submission
An anonymous reader writes :
As researchers work on creating a " Genomic Encyclopedia of Bacteria and Archaea " ( which is discussed in a recent New York Times article and Nature paper , there is the suggestion that there may be hundreds of millions of species of microbes on the planet ( see NY Times article ) .
If true that would mean that ( 1 ) there is much greater diversity in microbes than in anything else and ( 2 ) we know basically nothing about the diversity of life on the planet since only about 10,000 or so microbial species have been formally described .
You ( or a giftee of your choosing ) will receive a printed Lookbook , plus one of the first windowfarms kits when the first batch is produced .
They will be hand - made and will come with a personal note from Britta Riley and Maya Nayak .
Less
Yesterday , Doug Ross at Director Blue issued a challenge to those who have proclaimed that Fox News is not really a news organization .
He ’s offering a solid gold Kruggerand ( today ’s value : $ 1,040 ) to the person who can document one single lie made by a Fox News reporter .
I ’d have thought , given the ferocity with which liberal bloggers , newsmedia , and the White House have perpetuated this claim , that Doug ’s Kruggerand would have been gone by sundown .
But amazingly enough , it ’s still there .
So we ’re going to help Doug out by publicizing his challenge , in the hopes that one of the many bloggers who refer to the network as “ Faux News ” or the right - wing propaganda machine or whatever , will cover themselves in glory ( and gold ) by simply proving what they ’re accusing Fox of .
Doug has four simple and reasonable rules for anyone wishing to claim the gold .
• Typos do n’t qualify ( “ ooh , the news ticker used a ‘ D ’ after his name , not an ‘ R ’ ! ” ) . •
The lie must have been repeated by at least two national Fox News reporters and left uncorrected .
•
The transcripts and / or video clips must be available on the Fox News website for verification . •
The story , refuting the Fox News lie , must have been correctly reported at around the same time by news reporters from CNN and MSNBC ( with links and / or transcripts from their sites ) .
So come on , lefties –you know who you are !
Put up or shut up .
And yes , Robert Gibbs , Rahm Emanual , and David Axelrod , you all can participate , too .
Good luck .
Stoutcat
Like this post ?
Share it !
Email
Tweet
Related
Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn. ) , one of a handful of Senate wild cards in this fall ’s healthcare reform debate , says his concern about the Senate bill is based on the national deficit — not the insurers that dominate his state .
The Connecticut senator told The Hill he may support a bill that taxes insurers or cuts into their profits , but only if the federal deficit wo n’t balloon as a result .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Insurers are n’t my biggest concern — I sued them once when I was attorney general , and I ’m not afraid to end anti-trust exemptions , ” Lieberman said .
“ I am really worried about what this could do to the deficit .
” Connecticut has the highest U.S. concentration of insurance jobs , with the industry accounting for about 64,000 jobs as of June 2009 , according to the state ’s labor department .
That ’s down 23 percent from the 83,000 jobs in 1990 , although the state projects a slow growth of 4 percent through 2014 .
The state is home to 72 insurance headquarters , with three times the U.S. average of insurance jobs as a percent of total state employment .
The state ’s unemployment rate currently stands at 8.6 percent .
Lieberman has long since formed his own unique caucus — aligning himself with Democrats although he is an independent , supporting the party on domestic but usually not foreign affairs , keeping his committee chairmanship in the Democratic - led Senate although he campaigned with 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain John Sidney McCainAmerica 's presence in Cam Ranh Bay should be more than occasional Meghan McCain , husband welcome first baby girl , Liberty Sage McCain Domenech The Hill 's Morning Report - Sponsored by JobsOhio - Showdown : Trump - Biden debate likely to be nasty MORE ( Ariz . ) .
Most recently , last week he was among 12 Democrats who blocked Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most '
Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ’s ( D - Nev. ) effort to pass a bill averting Medicare payment cuts starting next year .
Asked what he might ask of Reid in exchange for his support of healthcare reform , Lieberman repeated his insistence that the bill not harm the deficit .
“ I want to be able to vote for a health bill , but my top concern is the deficit , ” he said .
One unlikely ally of Lieberman ’s is state GOP Chairman Chris Healy , who said he agrees with the senator ’s skepticism about the bill and that he sees few faults in Lieberman ’s support for home - state interests .
“ What we have a lot of here in Connecticut is people in the pharmaceutical industry , biotech and physicians , ” Healy said .
“ They ’re the ones who can figure this out , not the government .
Joe Lieberman , even though he ’s very liberal sometimes , understands that .
“ I do n’t think the industry is going to have their feelings hurt if he ’s not waving pom-poms .
They just do n’t want Congress to nationalize the management of risk .
While I criticize him a lot , to me he ’s making the most sense out of all the Democrats on this . ”
A marine biology professor at National Taiwan Ocean University says his scientific team has discovered a previously unknown -- and bizarre -- species of crab that looks alarmingly like an aquatic strawberry .
( For our money , it actually looks a bit more like Nintendo 's Super Mushroom -- but hey , that 's just us . )
The team , led by professor Ho Ping - ho , was conducting research at Taiwan 's Kenting National Park in June to determine the environmental impact of an oil spill there when they happened upon two of the unusual crabs .
" Luckily the oil leak from the shipwreck was not serious , otherwise the two crabs might have been polluted and escaped our eyes , " Ho told Agence France - Presse of the discovery .
The crabs , both female , were tiny -- the larger is only an inch long -- and , at the time of the discovery , one was already dead and the other was dying .
The two deceased crabs have since been made into specimens , and Ho plans to study them further and write about them .
While the newly discovered crab species is similar to another species , Neoliomera pubescens , the width and clamlike shape of its shell make it a distinguishable separate species , according to TreeHugger .
A Taiwanese scientist who specializes in crabs , Wang Chia-hsiang , confirmed Ho 's finding , the Associated Press reports .
See another photo of this strange new species after the jump !
This is a tale of three images .
I found these images while investigating the internals of several different applications .
There are some really neat software projects emerging at the moment , and as a developer I always find it interesting to take a look at the implementation details , because there is often a lot to be learned .
It ’s not always something you might need right now , but maybe a few years down the line you may be confronted with a similar problem .
Plus – in my opinion – knowing a bit about the internals of a program helps reasoning about its behaviour .
Exhibit A : git repositories
Let ’s start with the first image .
This one is taken from Scott Chacon ’s talk “ Getting Git ” .
( Actually I had to mix slides 138 and 142 together to better fit the blog format . )
I ’ll try not to go to much into the details of git here , listen to the talk instead of you want to know more .
The thing I do want to talk about though is git ’s tree structures .
These tree structures describe the project contents ( both directory and file ) for one specific commit .
These trees are completely immutable ( this is ensured by SHA - 1 hashes ) .
A new commit creates what amounts to a completely new tree .
But usually the changes in each commit are only a fraction of the whole tree .
Since a lot of the sub - trees of the original tree have not changed ( and are immutable ) , these can be safely recycled .
Only files and folders that have changed need to be added .
Note that this means parent nodes of changed nodes have to be created as well , recursively up to the tree root .
But even though the tree itself is new ( as evidenced by the new root ) the additional space requirements are quite low , on the order of approximately O ( log n ) .
This makes for extremely compact repository format , and an astonishingly simple one .
Another thing I want to point out that the only element that needs to be mutated is the reference to the root of the tree , everything else is immutable .
Exhibit B : Clojure ’s persistent data structures
Next up is a picture lifted from Rich Hickey ’s “ Clojure Concurrency ” talk .
If you are interested in figuring out ways to deal with the impending multi-core age , I highly recommend you take a look at this talk .
The concepts and techniques are not exclusive to Clojure , so even if you are not into Lisp ’s you might want to watch it .
The way clojure deals with concurrency ( in a nutshell ) is that every core data structure ( list , trees , hash maps , etc ) is immutable .
This has one big perceived drawback : Immutable data structures incur a huge overhead because of all the copying involved in creating new instances .
But this is only a problem if the immutability is implemented naively .
Analysis shows that usually only a part of a data structure is actually modified at any given time .
This again allows recycling large parts of the the “ old ” data structure and only creating part of it new , and just pointing to the bits of the old structure that have not changed .
As these are immutable as well , it is completely safe to do so .
In the picture the two green boxes are the root nodes of two data structures sharing large parts of their trees .
Since a program that only deals with static , immutable data is pretty boring , there are mechanisms for introducing changes in a program .
These mechanisms are called references , and these do mutate .
But the runtime ensures that these changes happen in a controlled and well behaved manner , e.g. in the form of Software Transactional Memory ( STM ) or agents .
But everything else is essentially immutable .
Note that this has the neat side effect that reading process are inherently thread - safe since nothing can suddenly change while you are looking at it , i.e. no more ConcurrentModificationExceptions .
Exhibit C : CouchDB ’s append - only file format
The third picture is from a blog post by Ricky Ho titled “ NoSQL patterns ” .
CouchDB has made quite a few waves recently , so I wanted to see what makes it tick under the hood .
In keeping with the Erlang philosophy of robustness and failure tolerance , couchdb uses an append - only file format .
This means that all data written is not modified any further and there is thus little chance for corruption .
Couch DB uses a B +
Tree to index its entries , so again we have a tree structure .
And because the tree entries live inside an append only file , these trees are immutable as well .
When making a change to the database , the new data is written along with all changes to nodes in the B+ Tree .
Since the B +
Tree is very flat , that means even for databases with millions of entries the number of updated tree nodes is fairly small .
The most recent root of the index tree can always be found at the very end of the file , and thus the database file is read from the end backwards .
If any kind of failure occurs while writing changes , the software can see that the last entry is corrupt and can seek further back until it finds a “ good ” entry and proceed from there .
Another interesting benefit is that reading processes do n’t block writing processes and vice versa .
A reading process can just find the latest root and then work from there .
Because all references go backward in the file , and everything is immutable there is no contention .
Meanwhile a writing process can happily append at the end of the file without disrupting any readers .
Further exhibits
There are probably more examples of this pattern to be found .
The oldest reference I could find is “ The Design and Implementation of a Log- Structured File System ” written by Mendel Rosenblum and John K. Ousterhout in 1991 .
The most recent file system effort seems to be NILFS .
The flash - based SSDs that are currently entering the market are also rumored to use something along these lines internally .
I also suspect that a few of the traditional DBMS might use similar data structures under the hood
Shared characteristics
Although all the applications do very different things and come from completely different backgrounds , they share a common data structure underneath .
Unfortunately I have not been able to find a well published moniker for this pattern .
If anyone does , please let me know .
Update :
As FuncFan pointed out in the comments the moniker I was looking for was “ Purely functional trees “ .
Thanks for the quick reply !
Immutable , recycling trees
All three systems have these immutable trees in some way way or form that allow sharing structure .
In git these are tree objects , in Clojure they are called persistent data structures , and in CouchDB they are part of the internal index tree .
Mutable references
To allow for changes in an otherwise immutable world , all systems allow for mutable reference constructs .
All change is encapsulated in these references , which are called exactly that in both git and Clojure .
In CouchDB the story is a little different .
Here the “ reference ” to the latest tree is simply the end of the database file
More common ground
Apart from these “ primary ” characteristics there are other shared features among these three systems , that are a direct result of the underlying data structure .
Garbage collection
Because data may be shared between data structures , it is often not safe to delete all children when a root node is no longer needed .
Instead a garbage collection mechanism is needed to free unused structures .
Git does have a special command that does exactly that , Clojure uses the Garbage Collection in the JVM implicitly , and CouchDB offers a compact operation , which removes old versions and tree indices .
Versioning
Because no structure is changed , it is trivially easy to keep old versions around , and since a lot of data is shared it is usually fairly cheap in terms of memory to do so .
Versioning is the primary application of git , so no big surprises on that end .
In Clojure it is also fairly easy to add versioning for things like an “ undo ” buffer : Just keep a list of the old objects around .
CouchDB also offers some lightweight versioning out - of - box , but it is mostly used for replication .
But it should be fairly simple to add more sophisticated versioning features .
Concurrency Safety
The immutability properties of all three system make reasoning about concurrent changes and processes a lot simpler .
Reading is trivial because all that is read is set in stone , so to speak .
Writing is made easier by the fact that there is only a single point – the reference – that is modified to effect a specific change .
This critical point can then be guarded with traditional synchronization primitives , without having to worry about the rest of the data structure .
Conclusion
I have to admit I found it a bit eerie seeing a single pattern pop up in so many different places .
It may be just an idea whose time has come ( similar to Garbage Collection a few years back ) .
Or it may be just that now we simply have enough memory and computing resources at our disposal , which allows us to never have to delete something from the record , but instead only add incrementally .
And oftentimes the history of data is just as interesting as the data itself .
The benefits of immutability may also be a good way to tame the concurrency beast in the years to come .
I hope you enjoyed this comparative trip into the internals of these software systems .
Again , check out the two talks and the blog post , they are well worth the time .
SALT LAKE CITY —
In the grand scheme of things , it 's probably just an inch .
But it 's an inch forward for a cause that has had a tough past in Utah .
The state Supreme Court released a decision Wednesday in favor of Daniel Austin , a father who was not married to the mother of his child .
Austin is still working to prove that he is , in fact , the child 's father , but the court 's decision has made it possible for him to try to do so .
" I think we struck a blow , but it's not a victory for us yet , " said Bruce Wilson , the paternal grandfather of the child .
" How it all shapes out remains to be seen . "
Grace Acosta , Austin 's attorney , said the case was important for the statement it made .
" Utah is not a state that recognizes unwed fathers ' rights , " she said .
" We believe in marriage , that you should marry someone if you have babies with them , and when that does n't happen , it strikes against the dad .
This is a big case . "
According to the court decision , Austin originally was listed as the father on the birth certificate of the baby when the boy was born in January 2007 .
Austin was incarcerated at the time , but his mother was at the hospital and could have made sure Austin signed it , Wilson said .
He said no one told her how important that signature was .
Because Austin never confirmed his paternity in writing , his name was removed from the birth certificate , the ruling states .
The only proof Austin had was a birth announcement printed in a local newspaper that listed him as the baby 's father and letters he wrote saying he wanted to care for the child .
Instead , the baby stayed with his mother until July 2007 , when he was placed in protective care with the Division of Child and Family Services .
DCFS then placed the baby with a foster family , which has had the child since then .
Soon after , the state filed a petition to terminate the mother 's rights .
At that point , Austin was still working on proving through DNA testing that he was the father .
The court set a date for a DNA test , but there was confusion over where and when the test was to occur , and Austin missed the date .
A date was set for the petition to go through in October 2007 , and Austin voiced concerns that the case was moving forward without his paternity established , but his court - appointed counsel told him it did n't matter , the ruling states .
In a further effort to protect his rights , he filed a motion to intervene , but it was n't enough .
The mother voluntarily relinquished her rights to the child .
With Austin 's paternity still in question , he was told the court did n't view him as a valid party and dismissed his motion .
The Supreme Court decision reversed the dismissal and gave Austin an evidentiary hearing to establish himself as the child 's father .
Wilson said it was something they never would have had to fight for if Austin 's original counsel had told him how important it was to verify that he was the father early in the process .
Instead , it 's been a two - year ordeal .
" We 've kind of leveled the playing field to give fathers a better break , but it 's been 2 1 / 2 years of pure hell , " Wilson said .
" We 've been lied to , deceived , misrepresented . "
And both Acosta and Wilson said it would be impossible to take on the state without a good deal of money .
" Luckily , his family had money , " Acosta said .
" A normal person who had lost their child does n't have $ 100,000 to fight for their child , to say , ' Hey I 'm the dad . '
Most would have just walked away . "
At this point , Austin does n't want custody , Acosta said .
She said he knows the family that has cared for his baby loves the child , and Austin wants to move forward .
He just wants to be able to receive e-mail updates or pictures of the baby — something a mother involved in an adoption might seek .
" He does n't want the moon .
He just wants to be part of the kid 's life to some degree , and they just pushed him aside , " Acosta said .
" He 's entitled to something .
He just wants something . "
e-mail : emorgan@desnews.com
A recent AFOSR - funded technology should enable the Air Force to achieve advances in object and target detection technology by using sophisticated algebraic theories called groups , rings and fields .
Better detection methods will allow for effective reviewing of photographic , video and radar images to facilitate military planning and order of battle .
" This technology is the result of several remarkable insights by two innovative mathematicians , Dr. Myoung An and Dr. Richard Tolimieri , " said lead researcher , Dr. Richard A. Albanese of Air Force Research Laboratory .
A related technology , crafted by Drs. An and Tolimieri for the U.S. Navy , was successful in detecting shallow water mines by means of sonar -- a technology much like radar but with sound waves instead of electromagnetic waves -- but the Air Force is adapting the methodology to examine images for surveillance purposes .
In the past , careful human review of a large amount of surveillance material required a considerable investment of time .
This new technology cuts the time overhead by 99 % .
However , even with the vast improvements the new technology brings , the human factor is still essential in several aspects such as the validation and verification of transmitter and receiver configurations .
" One challenge of the research is the matching of the algebraic structure to the data and problems at hand , " Albanese said .
" We are applying algebraic structures to data index sets and in this way finding patterns that were not easily detectable before . "
Through bringing in even more advanced algebraic structures , the researchers believe they will come up with enhancements that detect subtle patterns or features under conditions of dust , fog , bushes and other visual obstructions .
In the future Albanese would like to see related technologies expand to the medical and linguistic fields including speech and language recognition .
This could mean life - saving capabilities in a combat scenario .
###
ABOUT AFOSR :
The Air Force Office of Scientific Research ( AFOSR ) , located in Arlington , Virginia , continues to expand the horizon of scientific knowledge through its leadership and management of the Air Force 's basic research program .
As a vital component of the Air Force Research Laboratory ( AFRL ) , AFOSR 's mission is to discover , shape and champion basic science that profoundly impacts the future Air Force .
ABOUT AFMC :
Air Force Materiel Command ( AFMC ) , located at Wright Patterson Air Force Base , Ohio develops , acquires and sustains the aerospace power needed to defend the United States and its interests for today and tomorrow .
This is accomplished through management , research , acquisition , development , testing and maintenance of existing and future weapons systems and their components .
Why they hate us ( II ) : How many Muslims has the U.S. killed in the past 30 years ?
Tom Friedman had an especially fatuous column in Sunday ’s New York Times , which is saying something given his well - established capacity for smug self - assurance .
According to Friedman , the big challenge we face in the Arab and Islamic world is “ the Narrative ” — his patronizing term for Muslim views about America ’s supposedly negative role in the region .
If Muslims were n’t so irrational , he thinks , they would recognize that “ U.S. foreign policy has been largely dedicated to rescuing Muslims or trying to help free them from tyranny . ”
He concedes that we made a few mistakes here and there ( such as at Abu Ghraib ) , but the real problem is all those anti-American fairy tales that Muslims tell each other to avoid taking responsibility for their own actions .
I heard a different take on this subject at a recent conference on U.S. relations with the Islamic world .
In addition to hearing a diverse set of views from different Islamic countries , one of the other participants ( a prominent English journalist ) put it quite simply .
“ If the United States wants to improve its image in the Islamic world , ” he said , “ it should stop killing Muslims . ”
Now I do n’t think the issue is quite that simple , but the comment got me thinking :
How many Muslims has the United States killed in the past thirty years , and how many Americans have been killed by Muslims ?
Coming up with a precise answer to this question is probably impossible , but it is also not necessary , because the rough numbers are so clearly lopsided .
Here ’s my back - of - the - envelope analysis , based on estimates deliberately chosen to favor the United States .
Specifically , I have taken the low estimates of Muslim fatalities , along with much more reliable figures for U.S. deaths .
To repeat : I have deliberately selected “ low - end ” estimates for Muslim fatalities , so these figures present the “ best case ” for the United States .
Even so , the United States has killed nearly 30 Muslims for every American lost .
The real ratio is probably much higher , and a reasonable upper bound for Muslim fatalities ( based mostly on higher estimates of “ excess deaths ” in Iraq due to the sanctions regime and the post - 2003 occupation ) is well over one million , equivalent to over 100 Muslim fatalities for every American lost .
Figures like these should be used with caution , of course , and several obvious caveats apply .
To begin with , the United States is not solely responsible for some of those fatalities , most notably in the case of the “ excess deaths ” attributable to the U.N. sanctions regime against Iraq .
Saddam Hussein clearly deserves much of the blame for these “ excess deaths , ” insofar as he could have complied with Security Council resolutions and gotten the sanctions lifted or used the “ oil for food ” problem properly .
Nonetheless , the fact remains that the United States ( and the other SC members ) knew that keeping the sanctions in place would cause tens of thousands of innocent people to die and we went ahead anyway .
Similarly , the United States is not solely to blame for the sectarian violence that engulfed Iraq after the 2003 invasion .
U.S. forces killed many Iraqis , to be sure , but plenty of Shiites , Kurds , Sunnis , and foreign infiltrators were pulling triggers and planting bombs too .
Yet it is still the case that the United States invaded a country that had not attacked us , dismantled its regime , and took hardly any precautions to prevent the ( predictable ) outbreak of violence .
Having uncapped the volcano , we are hardly blameless , and that goes for pundits like Friedman who enthusiastically endorsed the original invasion .
Third , the fact that people died as a result of certain U.S. actions does not by itself mean that those policy decisions were wrong .
I ’m a realist , and I accept the unfortunate fact that international politics is a rough business and sometimes innocent people die as a result of actions that may in fact be justifiable .
For example , I do n’t think it was wrong to expel Iraq from Kuwait in 1991 or to topple the Taliban in 2001 .
Nor do I think it was wrong to try to catch Bin Laden — even though people died in the attempt — and I would support similar efforts to capture him today even if it placed more people at risk .
In other words , a full assessment of U.S. policy would have to weigh these regrettable costs against the alleged benefits to the United States itself or the international community as a whole .
Yet if you really want to know “ why they hate us , ” the numbers presented above can not be ignored .
Even if we view these figures with skepticism and discount the numbers a lot , the fact remains that the United States has killed a very large number of Arab or Muslim individuals over the past three decades .
Even though we had just cause and the right intentions in some cases ( as in the first Gulf War ) , our actions were indefensible ( maybe even criminal ) in others .
It is also striking to observe that virtually all of the Muslim deaths were the direct or indirect consequence of official U.S. government policy .
By contrast , most of the Americans killed by Muslims were the victims of non-state terrorist groups such as al Qaeda or the insurgents in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Americans should also bear in mind that the figures reported above omit the Arabs and Muslims killed by Israel in Lebanon , Gaza , and the West Bank .
Given our generous and unconditional support for Israel ’s policy towards the Arab world in general and the Palestinians in particular , Muslims rightly hold us partly responsible for those victims too .
Contrary to what Friedman thinks , our real problem is n’t a fictitious Muslim “ narrative ” about America ’s role in the region ; it is mostly the actual things we have been doing in recent years .
To say that in no way justifies anti-American terrorism or absolves other societies of responsibility for their own mistakes or misdeeds .
But the self - righteousness on display in Friedman ’s op - ed is n’t just simplistic ; it is actively harmful .
Why ?
Because whitewashing our own misconduct makes it harder for Americans to figure out why their country is so unpopular and makes us less likely to consider different ( and more effective ) approaches .
Some degree of anti-Americanism may reflect ideology , distorted history , or a foreign government ’s attempt to shift blame onto others ( a practice that all governments indulge in ) , but a lot of it is the inevitable result of policies that the American people have supported in the past .
When you kill tens of thousands of people in other countries — and sometimes for no good reason — you should n’t be surprised when people in those countries are enraged by this behavior and interested in revenge .
After all , how did we react after September 11 ?
MOHAMMED SAWAF / AFP / Getty Images
go ahead , everyone , put the dough right in your mouth , it bakes at body temperature
imagine bread so fresh it the only place is can exist is inside your body
drinkable butter not included
All images are © their respective artists &/ or owners .
All posted images are the property of their individual copyright owners , and will be removed if so requested .
The Santa Claus problem is a concurrency problem that , like the Dining Philosophers problem , can be used to demonstrate your particular concurrency framework of choice .
December seems like the right time of year to post a CHP solution that I hacked up at the CPA 2008 conference last year .
It ’s short but rather primitive .
Here ’s the statement of the problem , via Simon Peyton Jones ( who made an STM solution in a chapter of Beautiful Code ) :
Santa repeatedly sleeps until wakened by either all of his nine reindeer , back from their holidays , or by a group of three of his ten elves .
If awakened by the reindeer , he harnesses each of them to his sleigh , delivers toys with them and finally unharnesses them ( allowing them to go off on holiday ) .
If awakened by a group of elves , he shows each of the group into his study , consults with them on toy R&D and finally shows them each out ( allowing them to go back to work ) .
Santa should give priority to the reindeer in the case that there is both a group of elves and a group of reindeer waiting .
The particularly tricky aspects of this problem are :
Santa must make a choice between the reindeer and elves .
Santa must give priority to the reindeer .
The elves must come in groups of exactly three , even though there are ten of them .
Choice is easy in CHP , so the first item is not a problem .
We saw in the last post how to emulate priority , so we can use that to solve the second point .
The third item is difficult .
Our barriers require all enrolled participants to synchronise , so we can not use one barrier for all ten elves .
We could introduce some intermediary agents to coordinate the elves , but that is a bit long - winded .
Instead we can take a slightly brute - force approach combined with a CHP feature called conjunction .
Conjunction
The principle behind conjunction is straightforward .
Usually you offer a choice such as read from channel c or read from channel d : readChannel c <-> readChannel d .
This waits for the first of the two events , and executes it ( it can never execute both options ) .
A conjunction is when you want to read from channel c and read from channel d : readChannel c < &> readChannel d .
Crucially , this will only read from both when both are available .
If c is not ready , it will not read from d , and vice versa .
It is both or none : an atomic item , if you like .
Conjunction also has a list form , every .
One example of where this is useful is the aforementioned Dining Philosophers problem : a philosopher wishing to pick up his forks should execute syncBarrier leftFork < &> syncBarrier rightFork .
That way he will either pick up both his forks or neither , thus eliminating the deadlock wherein each philosopher ends up holding one fork .
Conjunction Specifics
It is valid to offer conjunction as part of a choice ; for example , ( readChannel c < &> readChannel d ) <-> readChannel e will wait to read from channels ( c AND d) OR e .
These choices can be overlapping , e.g. ( readChannel c < &> readChannel d) <-> ( readChannel d < &> readChannel e ) waits for ( c AND d) OR ( d AND e ) .
The choices should be in disjunctive normal form ( DNF ) : OR on the outside , AND in the bracket , so c AND ( d OR e ) is not valid .
But AND does distribute over OR here , so this is equivalent to the DNF : ( c AND d ) or ( c AND e ) .
( The operators do not distribute in the opposite direction , so c OR ( d AND e ) is not equivalent to ( c OR d) AND ( c OR e ) , because the latter allows c and e to both happen , whereas the former does not . )
Conjunction and Barriers
Importantly for today ’s post , there is a correspondence between barriers ( N participants , all N must synchronise together ) and a conjunction of two - party barriers .
Let ’s imagine for a moment that Santa wanted to meet with all ten of his elves .
We could create a single barrier , enroll Santa and the ten elves , and get them all to synchronise on the barrier .
The barrier would only complete when all eleven participants synchronised .
But alternatively , we could create ten two - party barriers .
We would enroll each elf on a different barrier , and enroll Santa on all of them .
When they want to meet , the elves would all synchronise on their barrier ( meaning their code is unchanged ) , while Santa would wait for the conjunction of all ten barriers .
Each barrier would only complete when all of them complete , because of Santa waiting for the conjunfction of all of them , so we have the same semantics as we had when we had one barrier .
These ten barriers would be dynamically fused into one barrier .
The Solution
Santa does not want to wait for all ten elves ; he only wants to wait for three .
We can implement this with a little brute - force .
Labelling the elves A through J , we can make Santa wait for ( A AND B AND C ) OR ( A AND B AND D ) OR … ( H AND I AND J ) .
That ’s 120 possibilities .
Not scalable , but the problem said ten elves so that ’s all we have to manage .
Let ’s finally get to some code .
A reindeer waits for a random time , then synchronises on its barrier ( i.e. tries to meet with Santa ) .
An elf waits for a random time , then synchronises on its barrier ( i.e. tries to meet with Santa ) .
So , perhaps unexpectedly , a reindeer has exactly the same code as an elf .
( This is also the case in Peyton Jones ’ solution ) .
Here it is :
syncDelay :: EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) syncDelay b = forever ( randomDelay >> syncBarrier b ) where randomDelay = ( liftIO $ randomRIO ( 500000 , 1000000 ) ) >>= waitFor reindeer :: EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) reindeer = syncDelay elf :: EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) elf = syncDelay
Our next job is to write the Santa process .
Santa will take one barrier for the reindeer , and multiple barriers for the elves ( one each ) .
He will loop forever , first polling the reindeer ( to give them priority ) and otherwise choosing between the reindeer and the elves :
santa :: [ EnrolledBarrier ] -> EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) santa elfBars reindeer Bar = forever ( deliverToys </> ( skip >> ( deliverToys <-> meetThreeElves ) ) ) where
Now we need to define the helper processes .
Delivering toys is straightforward ; we just synchronise with the reindeer .
The rest of the code deals with picking all groups of three elves , and making a choice between synchronising with each group :
deliverToys = syncBarrier reindeerBar meetThreeElves = alt [ meetGroup g | g <- all GroupsThreeElves ] meetGroup bars = every_ [ syncBarrier bar | bar <- bars ] allGroupsThreeElves = all NFrom 3 elfBars allNFrom n = filter ( ( == n ) . length ) .
filterM ( const [ True , False ] )
The allNFrom is not important here , so I ’ve used a concise ( but probably inefficient ) definition .
Now that we have santa , our elves and our reindeer , all that remains is to put them together .
To do this we use two wiring helper functions , enrollAll ( that enrolls all of the processes on the given barrier ) and enrollOneMany ( that enrolls one process on all the barriers , and each of the other processes on one ) :
main :: IO ( ) main = runCHP_VCRTraceAndPrint $ enrollOneMany ( \elfBars -> enrollAll ( newBarrierWithLabel " reindeer " ) ( santa elfBars : replicate 9 reindeer ) ) [( newBarrierWithLabel ( " elf " ++ show n ) , elf ) | n <- [ 0..9 ] ]
That ’s it .
Part of the reason that this code is quite short is that I ’ve omitted all the print statements detailing what is going on ( for example in Peyton Jones ’ version ) .
These print statements were only there to observe the behaviour of the computation , and we can do that with CHP ’s built - in traces mechanism , just by using the runCHP_VCRTraceAndPrint function .
View - Centric Reasoning ( VCR ) traces , developed by Marc L. Smith and subsequently tweaked a little bit by me , display an ordered list of multisets , where each multiset holds independent events ( events that did not have a sequential dependency on each other ) .
This style makes it very easy to see from the output that our Santa Claus solution has the right sort of behaviour , viz :
< {elf3 , elf4 , elf5} , {elf0 , elf6 , elf7} , {reindeer} , {elf1 , elf8 , elf9} , {elf2 , elf4 , elf7} , {elf0 , elf1 , elf3} , {elf5 , elf8 , elf9} , {reindeer} , {elf3 , elf6 , elf7} , {elf0 , elf1 , elf9} , {elf2 , elf4 , elf8} , {reindeer} , {elf3 , elf5 , elf6} , {elf0 , elf4 , elf9} , {elf1 , elf2 , elf7} , {elf5 , elf6 , elf8} , {reindeer} , {elf0 , elf1 , elf3} , {elf4 , elf7 , elf9} , {elf2 , elf5 , elf8} , {elf0 , elf1 , elf6} , {reindeer} , {elf3 , elf7 , elf9} , {elf0 , elf1 , elf4} , {elf2 , elf6 , elf8} , {elf5 , elf7 , elf9} , {elf0 , elf3 , elf4} , {reindeer} , {elf1 , elf2 , elf6} , {elf5 , elf7 , elf8} , ...
Concise Solution
For those who like a bit of code golf ( finding the shortest version of a program ) , I came up with this concise version of the whole solution :
import Control.Concurrent.CHP import Control.Concurrent .CHP
.
Traces import Control .
Monad import Control .
Monad .
Trans import System .
Random santa elves reindeer = forever $ syncBarrier reindeer </> ( alt $ map ( every_ . map syncBarrier ) groups ) where groups = filter ( ( == 3 ) . length ) $ filterM ( const [ True , False ] ) elves main = runCHP_VCRTraceAndPrint $ enrollOneMany ( enrollAll ( newBarrierWithLabel " reindeer " ) . ( : replicate 9 syncDelay ) . santa ) [( newBarrierWithLabel ( " elf " ++ show n ) , syncDelay ) | n <- [ 0..9 ] ] where syncDelay = forever .
( randomDelay >>) .
syncBarrier randomDelay = ( liftIO $ randomRIO ( 500000 , 1000000 ) ) >>= waitFor
Excluding the import statements , that ’s a solution to the Santa Claus problem in eight lines of Haskell .
Rather difficult - to - follow Haskell , but that ’s usually the result of code golf .
Microsoft has ended more than a decade of wrangling with European Union regulators by agreeing to let Windows users surf the web using rival applications .
From the spring , European web users running Windows 7 , XP or Vista who have Internet Explorer as their default browser will be presented with a " ballot screen " that will offer them a dozen alternatives to choose from , including Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome and Apple 's Safari .
Under a five - year agreement , anyone buying a new Windows - based PC will see the same screen , meaning tens of millions of consumers could switch .
Neelie Kroes , the European commissioner for competition policy , greeted the move as an early Christmas present for consumers .
But it is a major blow for Microsoft .
The rise of broadband internet access means applications such as word processors or spreadsheets no longer need to reside on a computer , and can instead be run online , with documents stored virtually .
This makes the browser a vital gateway to the next generation of applications , relegating the PC operating system where Microsoft remains dominant .
" Web browsers have gained strategic importance as they have become the gateway to an enormous range of online services both for businesses and consumers , " said Kroes .
" This decision therefore has the potential to foster the development of platforms for applications which will rival existing ones and therefore offer consumers choice and variety .
" Now – for the first time in over a decade – internet users in Europe will have an effective and unbiased choice between Microsoft 's Internet Explorer and competing web browsers .
It is as if you went to the supermarket and they only offered you one brand of shampoo on the shelf , and all the other choices are hidden out the back , and not everyone knows about them .
What we are saying is that all the brands should be on the shelf . "
A dozen browsers – including Internet Explorer – will appear on the pop -up ballot screen , with the top five listed prominently .
Exactly which applications will be present depends on market share data , but Microsoft has been testing the screen since October and it has included Safari , Chrome , Internet Explorer , Firefox , Opera , AOL , Maxthon , K - Meleon , Flock , Avant Browser , Sleipnir and Slim Browser .
Brad Smith , senior vice - president and general counsel at Microsoft , said : " Under this resolution , Microsoft commits that PC manufacturers and users will continue to be able to install any browser on top of Windows , to make any browser the default browser on new PCs , and to turn access to Internet Explorer on or off . "
Since it was created 14 years ago , Microsoft has been packaging Internet Explorer with its Windows operating system .
As the system has become dominant – Windows is used on more than nine out of every 10 PCs – so has Internet Explorer , which now has more than 60 % of the global market .
The way Microsoft used to bundle products such as its media player or browser with Windows , and prevent rivals from ensuring their competing applications were fully interoperable with its products , has been at the heart of legal battles on both sides of the Atlantic .
In the late 1990s , Microsoft fought what became known as a " browser war " with Netscape , whose Navigator application dominated the market before Internet Explorer was released .
Microsoft used its Windows customer base to effectively shut Netscape out of the market and in 1998 the US department of justice accused it of stifling competition .
The department initially suggested splitting Microsoft in two , and the case was not settled until 2004 .
That same year , the EU ended a five - year investigation by condemning Microsoft for illegal abuse of its near - monopoly , ordering it to remove its digital music player from the Windows operating system and slapping a fine of nearly € 500 m ( £ 333 m ) on the firm .
Since then it has accused the company of abusing its position by preventing rivals from linking with its software , which last year led to a record € 899 m fine .
Microsoft is still appealing that decision but this deal effectively ends the EU 's investigation .
Microsoft also agreed to give developers access to technical documentation needed to build products that work well with Microsoft 's Windows , Windows Server , Office , Exchange and SharePoint .
Earlier today , At the Economic Club of New York , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke gave his Outlook for the Economy and Policy .
His speech contains much self - serving claptrap about how Federal Reserve policy save the day .
Nowhere has the Fed admitted its role in creating the mess .
Bernanke thinks printing money and borrowing from the future via cash - for - clunkers can have lasting benefits .
I think that if anything lasting comes from cash - for - clunkers , it will be net - negative .
Bernanke is still extremely concerned about commercial real estate , bank lending , and jobs .
On those issues he is certainly right to be concerned .
Here are a few snips from the speech .
Bank Lending Practices
Access to credit remains strained for borrowers who are particularly dependent on banks , such as households and small businesses .
Bank lending has contracted sharply this year , and the Federal Reserve 's Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey on Bank Lending Practices shows that banks continue to tighten the terms on which they extend credit for most kinds of loans -- although recently the pace of tightening has slowed somewhat .
Partly as a result of these pressures , household debt has declined in recent quarters for the first time since 1951 .
For their part , many small businesses have seen their bank credit lines reduced or eliminated , or they have been able to obtain credit only on significantly more restrictive terms .
The fraction of small businesses reporting difficulty in obtaining credit is near a record high , and many of these businesses expect credit conditions to tighten further .
While I am on the topic of bank lending , I would like to add a few words about commercial real estate ( CRE ) .
Demand for commercial property has dropped as the economy has weakened , leading to significant declines in property values , increased vacancy rates , and falling rents .
These poor fundamentals have caused a sharp deterioration in the credit quality of CRE loans on banks ' books and of the loans that back commercial mortgage - backed securities ( CMBS ) .
Pressures may be particularly acute at smaller regional and community banks that entered the crisis with high concentrations of CRE loans .
In response , banks have been reducing their exposure to these loans quite rapidly in recent months .
Meanwhile , the market for securitizations backed by these loans remains all but closed .
With nearly $ 500 billion of CRE loans scheduled to mature annually over the next few years , the performance of this sector depends critically on the ability of borrowers to refinance many of those loans .
Especially if CMBS financing remains unavailable , banks will face the tough decision of whether to roll over maturing debt or to foreclose .
The Job Market
In addition to constrained bank lending , a second area of great concern is the job market .
Since December 2007 , the U.S. economy has lost , on net , about 8 million private - sector jobs , and the unemployment rate has risen from less than 5 percent to more than 10 percent .
6
Both the decline in jobs and the increase in the unemployment rate have been more severe than in any other recession since World War II .
Besides cutting jobs , many employers have reduced hours for the workers they have retained .
For example , the number of part - time workers who report that they want a full - time job but cannot find one has more than doubled since the recession began , a much larger increase than in previous deep recessions .
In addition , the average workweek for production and nonsupervisory workers has fallen to 33 hours , the lowest level in the postwar period .
These data suggest that the excess supply of labor is even greater than indicated by the unemployment rate alone .
With the job market so weak , businesses have been able to find or retain all the workers they need with minimal wage increases , or even with wage cuts .
Indeed , standard measures of wages show significant slowing in wage gains over the past year .
Together with the reduction in hours worked , slower wage growth has led to stagnation in labor income .
Weak income growth , should it persist , will restrain household spending .
The best thing we can say about the labor market right now is that it may be getting worse more slowly .
Declines in payroll employment over the past four months have averaged about 220,000 per month , compared with 560,000 per month over the first half of this year .
The number of initial claims for unemployment insurance is well off its high of last spring , but claims still have not fallen to ranges consistent with rising employment .
Although economic pain is widespread across industries and regions , different groups of workers have been affected differently .
For example , the unemployment rate for men between the ages of 25 and 54 has risen from less than 4 percent in late 2007 to 10.3 percent in October - - nearly double the rise in unemployment among adult women .
This discrepancy likely reflects the high concentration of job losses in manufacturing , construction , and financial services , industries in which men make up the majority of workers .
From the perspective of America 's economic future , the effect of the recession on young workers is particularly worrisome :
The unemployment rate among people between the ages of 16 and 24 has risen to 19 percent -- and among African American youths , it is now about 30 percent .
When young people are shut out of the job market , they lose valuable opportunities to gain work experience and on - the - job training , potentially reducing their future wages and employment opportunities .
The Outlook for the Economy and Policy
I return now to the outlook for the economy and policy .
As I noted , I expect moderate economic growth to continue next year .
Final demand shows signs of strengthening , supported by the broad improvement in financial conditions .
Additionally , the beneficial influence of the inventory cycle on production should continue for somewhat longer .
Housing faces important problems , including continuing high foreclosure rates , but residential investment should become a small positive for growth next year rather than a significant drag , as has been the case for the past several years .
Prospects for nonresidential construction are poor , however , given weak fundamentals and tight financing conditions .
In the business sector , manufacturing activity has been expanding and should be helped by the continuing strength of the recovery in the emerging market economies , especially in Asia .
As the recovery takes hold , enhanced business confidence , together with the low cost of capital for firms with access to public capital markets , should lead to a pickup in business spending on equipment and software , which has already shown signs of stabilizing .
I have discussed two of the principal factors that may constrain the pace of the recovery , namely , restrictive bank lending and the weak job market .
Banks ' reluctance to lend will limit the ability of some businesses to expand and hire .
I expect this situation to normalize gradually , as improving economic conditions strengthen bank balance sheets and reduce uncertainty ; the fallout for banks from commercial real estate could slow that progress , however .
Jobs are likely to remain scarce for some time , keeping households cautious about spending .
As the recovery becomes established , however , payrolls should begin to grow again , at a pace that increases over time .
Nevertheless , as net gains of roughly 100,000 jobs per month are needed just to absorb new entrants to the labor force , the unemployment rate likely will decline only slowly if economic growth remains moderate , as I expect .
Mapping The Bernanke Recovery
Scenario " B "
Scenario " B " Data
My favorite types of pre-iPhone flash games were always building puzzles , a genre that is just minimally represented on the App Store .
Tiki Towers [ $ 1.99 / Free ] was the first one I played and beat , then Moonlights [ 99¢ ] came along offering similar gameplay .
While not a bridge building game , Geared [ 99 ¢ / Free ] tickles the same part of my brain as these other iPhone favorites of mine .
In Geared , players are tasked with making the virtual gearboxes work across 80 included levels .
Each challenge has a spinning gear and a stationary gear .
Utilizing the five different gear sizes , each available in limited quantities , you need to arrange the gears to power the original stationary gear .
The big benefit that Geared has over other similar games is that gears can be placed anywhere in game .
There is no grid that they snap to or any other alignment requirements other than making sure that the teeth of the gears line up with each other to spin .
Like most puzzle games with static levels , the first few you come across introduce you to the gameplay elements and are extremely easy .
It does n’t take long to eventually get to puzzles that will have you moving gears all over the place trying to find a gear placement that works .
Eventually areas that can’t have gears placed in them appear in levels , and on some of these challenges with these zones require you to utilize the gravity in the game to drop gears through them to wind up in the right spot .
The one main complaint people seem to have about the game is that some of the advanced levels require pixel - perfect accuracy in placing gears .
Depending on how neurotic you get about construction games you could either see this as a good or bad .
Personally , I ’m appreciating the challenge offered in the game , but I can certainly understand the frustration some are experiencing .
If you like these kind of games , you owe it to yourself to at least download the lite .
If you ’re new to the genre , I ’d recommend getting started with both Geared Free and Tiki Towers Lite
App Store Link : Geared , 99 ¢ – Geared Free , Free
Every year on Christmas Eve I put on my number one santa shirt and sneak down stairs to catch santa .
I know Santa 's my dad but I still enjoy getting my special present for being a good boy .
We received an excited email from [ Noah ] regarding a gentleman who works with crossbows and crossbow pistols .
Begrudgingly , we took a look and what we saw made our day .
[ The Duckman666 ] must have an insatiable love for all things crossbow .
His webpage has details and pictures covering seven different models that he built .
His YouTube channel shows off three more models , all with magazines for multiple bolts .
Seeing the electrically - cocked , automatic projectile launchers wets our appetite , but we do wish there was more background info about the build process .
When Kazunori Yamauchi , the father of Gran Turismo , shows up and speaks , people tend to listen , and that is exactly what they did at the SEMA Auto Show as he sat down to talk cars and Gran Turismo 5 .
At the recent SEMA Auto Show , Yamauchi , the head of Polyphony Digital , spoke with Autoweek.com about the upcoming GT5 .
He touched on various topics , from the budget to the release date .
Some of the main excepts from the interview are below .
The full interview can be viewed at autoweek.com .
$ 60 million .
There are other games that cost more .
Considering the size and scale of the game , I think it ’s probably a fairly small amount .
When will you release GT5 ?
We will release it in March in Japan but for other regions , it has not been decided yet .
What ’s holding it up ?
That ’s more depending on SCEA ( Sony Computer Entertainment America ) marketing decisions .
You have NASCAR and WRC in the game .
Does this include the complete list of all tracks in those series ?
The NASCAR series is so large it would be impossible to put everything in the game .
We will have select courses and select cars in the game .
You will also be able to race the stock cars on a number of tracks not found on the NASCAR calendar .
In speaking with NASCAR , they said they ’d like to see their cars able to race on other tracks , and you can do that [ in GT5 ] .
Will you have F1 , ALMS or FIA GT ?
We had a Ferrari F1 car in the game .
For FIA GT and ALMS , we wo n’t have that in the series yet .
But we will have a lot of cars that race at Le Mans , so in that sense , there will be cars from ALMS .
How do you chose which cars get in the game ?
There will be three types : cars we want , the cars the users would like to see in the game and then cars the manufacturers want in it .
Have you played Forza Motorsport 3 ?
I was watching the guys at our company trying it out in the office .
I tried it a little bit .
It ’s very similar in a lot of aspects to Gran Turismo .
Some base components of the game are very different from Gran Turismo .
It ’s a little bit different from what a simulator is .
You can feel it when you drive it .
Will there be a Gran Turismo 6 ?
Yes .
You wo n’t have to wait as long as you did for GT5 .
GT5 represents a whole new operating system .
GT6 is just new apps that run on the GT5 system .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 6
The Spotty Surface of Betelgeuse
Credit : Xavier Haubois ( Observatoire de Paris ) et al .
Explanation : Betelgeuse really is a big star .
If placed at the center of our Solar System it would extend to the orbit of Jupiter .
But like all stars except the Sun , Betelgeuse is so distant it usually appears as a single point of light , even in large telescopes .
Still , astronomers using interferometry at infrared wavelengths can resolve the surface of Betelgeuse and reconstructed this image of the red supergiant .
The intriguing picture shows two , large , bright , star spots .
The spots potentially represent enormous convective cells rising from below the supergiant 's surface .
They are bright because they 're hotter than the rest of the surface , but both spots and surface are cooler than the Sun .
Also known as Alpha Orionis , Betelgeuse is about 600 light - years away .
These goggles pack a display that projects info like jump hang - time , vertical gain / loss , and speed .
Perfect , I 've been looking for a way to tell how much faster that little kid who just shot by was going .
Advertisement
There are even plans to build in resort trail maps , which would make it super easy for me to find the bunny slopes .
And let 's not forget the greatest feature of all .
If I 'm watching 6 - year - olds rocket past me , knowing that I 'm wearing a $ 450 pair of goggles might save my last ounce of self esteem .
Or make me much , much sadder .
Either one .
In all seriousness , this is a pretty cool idea .
I 'm just not good / frequent enough of a skier to justify the cost .
For those of you that are , you 'll have to wait .
They wo n't be on the market until next year 's slope season .
Hopefully once they do launch , no one runs into a tree while updating Twitter .
[ Recon Instruments via Born Rich ]
Stob Moore 's Law , I need hardly remind a top - notch industry professional like you , states that as the density of silicon circuitry doubles , the probability of you not being able to find some sensibly - priced extra memory to fit your old lappy approaches 1.0 .
In recent times it has become generally admitted that , if this well - known observation has not yet quite joined Elvis , it is at the very least fiddling determinedly with the fire exit door .
Instead of increasingly quick processors , we are given increasingly cored processors .
Whereas it used to take just one running instance of Access 2000 to bring your CPU usage meter to 100 % , it now takes two , four or possibly 128 .
Once upon a time , all one needed to know about multi-tasking code was how to hang a few lines of badly - written ( I speak for myself ) assembly language off the timer interrupt .
Those were the days , my friend , we thought they 'd carry on ; yet here I am giving you a whistle - stop tour through the baffling mechanisms designed to help you envisage and write para - multi - threaded applications .
Let us begin with some ancient history .
Co - not Sub -
The great Donald Knuth described the coroutine , a mechanism for writing single - tasked multi-tasking that allowed any programmer to cope with any situation , merely by thinking of everything at once .
Although it has never really taken off as a popular programming construct , it has been very influential , in particular pioneering the important adjective ' lightweight ' ( subroutines are a lightweight specialisation of coroutines ) .
Nowadays , of course , ' lightweight ' is used as a synonym for ' good ' throughout comp .
sci. , yet it still retains a special affinity for the parallel and pseudo - parallel arts .
Threads
A ' thread ' , abbreviating ' thread of execution ' , is a lightweight version of the heavier ' process ' , abbreviating ' process of execution ' ( as in the phrase ' during the process of execution , the program abruptly died ' ) .
Threads save all the tedious mucking about creating state and context demanded by processes , by simply enabling multiple threads to cavort together in the same address space , and with the same resources , like drowning kittens in a bucket of water .
Adding cores to the processor improves the threading model by significantly increasing the amount of water available .
( Peace : no actual kittens were drowned in the manufacture of that simile . )
In particular , threads suffer badly from ' race conditions ' .
The race of despised worker threads is made to do boring , low status , ' background ' tasks .
Meanwhile , the high privilege ' system ' threads get to party with the hardware .
It 's the same the whole world over ...
Three old ladies
In order to overcome race conditions , and perhaps to compensate for taking away our beloved ' goto ' away from us , top Dutch comp .
sci. genius Edsger Dijkstra invented the ' semaphore ' .
The semaphore is a data structure that allows friendly communication between the threads and tasks of all nations .
There are two kinds : the counting semaphore and later , when it has been compiled , the binary semaphore .
The semaphore helped do away with race conditions , and for a while all was sweetness and synchronicity .
But it soon became clear that a brand new peril had been introduced : the deadlock .
Today there are at least four well - known kinds of deadlock breeding in the wild :
Recursive deadlock , which bloody well happens again and again
Deadly mutual embrace deadlock , which is much less fun than it sounds , being a kind of inter -task stalemate
Death - of - process deadlock , where the process that claimed the semaphore dies intestate
Lady Dedlock , a plaintiff in Jarndyce v. Jarndyce
By way of countering the threat and obtaining a deadlock holiday , it was decided to invent the ' mutex ' ( or ' mutant ' as it is known by posher , system threads ) .
There is a lot of confusion about the difference between mutexes and semaphores , which frankly I do not see as part of my business to clear up .
Instead I will refer you to the conventional explanatory model which is , weirdly , based on the notion of the lockable lavatory ( or securable brickhouse , as it is almost known by commoner , worker threads ) .
The scenario is this : imagine a loo in a restaurant of the dismal kind where you must humiliatingly apply to staff for the key .
If there is one lavatory and one key , you have a mutex and a long , fidgety wait .
If there are four toilets and four interchangeable keys , you have a counting semaphore .
The important thing about a counting semaphore is : it does n't prevent four threads entering one cubicle together .
This licentious view of synchronisation is disputed by other writers , who say that the difference with mutexes is that , before sitting down , they draw the bolt of ownership across the door .
My own view is : synchronisation primitives will never be understood until somebody goes over their metaphors with gallons of industrial - strength bleach .
Fire - Safe Cigarettes are Required in 11 States
Beginning with January 1st , 2010 , Smokers from Georgia and ten other states would have to smoke only fire safe cigarettes , specially made to extinguish shortly after they are not smoked , according to the latest legislation that has entered into legal force on the first day of 2010 .
Among the states that implemented similar legislations last week are Arkansas , Michigan , North Carolina , Virginia , Alabama , Nebraska , Tennessee , Missouri , Florida , New Mexico , South Carolina and Georgia .
As of present moment of time 43 US States already implemented the law requiring the usage of FSC cigarettes .
The first state to introduce such law was New York that banned the use of non fire safe smokes more than six years ago .
The National Coalition for Fire - Safe Cigarettes reported that Nevada , North Dakota , Mississippi and Ohio would implement fire - safe law later this year , while Missouri and South Dakota would require FSC cigarettes on January 1 , 2011 .
That makes Wyoming to be the only American state to lack such a law at least in consideration .
While in the US , such issues are passed on the state legislature level , Canadian federal authorities went one step further by imposing a nationwide requirement on fire - safe cigs on October 1 , 2005
In conformity with the coalition report , cigarette - related materials are the leading cause of fatal blazes , and mainly home fires that takes away nearly a thousand lives every year across the country and leaves more than 3.000 people injured .
In addition , such fatal fires cost billions dollars in damages .
At the same time , fire - safe cigarettes are designed to reduce this incidence , as they burn out in 75 percent of time they are not smoked .
David Sutton , senior communications manager for Altria , the owner of Philip Morris Usa , the leading tobacconist across the nation declared that in production of fire standards compliant cigarettes they have used diminutive very thin layers of specialized paper that are virtually put under the white wrapping of the cigarette .
When the lit tip of the cigarettes reaches one of those layers , they work as a speed bump and reduce the rate of burning .
Many cigarette makers have backed the switch to FSC cigarettes .
The Altria spokesman admitted they have joined forces with state legislatures to help them implement the standards identical to the New York one .
Sutton added that the company plans to move to the production of fire safe cigarettes only by next month , indifferent of state regulations .
Philip Morris manufactures America ’s number one cigarette Marlboro , Virginia Slims , L&M and other brands .
The majority of states permit cigarette retailers to sell their stocks of non fire - safe cigarettes until the exhaustion of these stocks .
However , many smokers are not happy with the changes , as they state that new cigarettes provoke headaches and indisposition .
They have even created an organization that is collecting signatures to call of the law .
David negated the assertions that FSC cigarettes differ in any feature from the conventional cigarettes , saying that they are made of the same tobacco blend and contain no additional chemicals .
He added that the only difference is the rings on the paper , which will work to save lives .
Share and Enjoy :
Related posts :
Forty years ago today , a bullet severed the spine of a man whom many the world over thought of as a prince .
We have all seen the picture of the hotel balcony where that prince stood , and fell , surrounded by his entourage , all pointing - presumably , in the direction from which the bullet came .
All but one .
One man was not standing , not pointing , but kneeling by Martin Luther King 's body , presumably checking to see if - or that - he was dead .
That man , Merrell McCullough , was an undercover police officer who had infiltrated King 's circle .
According to Time magazine , he worked for the Central Intelligence Agency , at least as far back as 1974 .
What interest could an intelligence agency have in a man who plainly believed only in peace ?
In August 1967 , four months after King called the US government the " greatest purveyor of violence in the world today , " three months after 30 members of the Black Panther party marched , armed , into the California state capitol and onto the front pages of newspapers worldwide , J Edgar Hoover , the head of America 's domestic law enforcement agency , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , issued the following directive : " The purpose of this new counterintelligence endeavour is to expose , disrupt , misdirect , discredit or otherwise neutralise the activities of black - nationalist , hate - type organisations and groupings , their leadership , spokesmen , membership and supporters . "
By " hate - type organisations " , Hoover explained that he meant " such groups as the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , [ King's ] Southern Christian Leadership Conference ... the Congress of Racial Equality and the Nation of Islam " , the group Malcolm X belonged to until shortly before his 1965 murder .
In February 1968 , there was a massive demonstration in support of the then - imprisoned leader of the Black Panthers , and Stokely Carmichael and H Rap Brown merged SNCC with the Panthers .
Hoover issued another directive : " Prevent the rise of a ' messiah ' who could unify and electrify the militant black nationalist movement .
Malcolm X might have been such a ' messiah '... .
Martin Luther King , Stokely Carmichael , and [ Nation of Islam leader ] Elijah Muhammed [ sic ] all aspire to this position ... .
King could be a very real contender for this position should he abandon his supposed ' obedience ' to ' white , liberal doctrines ' ( nonviolence ) . "
According to another declassified FBI memo , shortly afterward the FBI proposed having " a carbon copy of [ an ] informant report reportedly written by Carmichael to the CIA carefully deposited in the automobile of a close black nationalist friend .
...
It is hoped that when the informant report is read it will help promote distrust between Carmichael and the black community . "
FBI agents called Carmichael 's mother , falsely telling her that Black Panthers were out to kill her son .
Soon after , Carmichael left the country .
While the guns that killed Malcolm X were held by black hands , we now know that his bodyguard the day he was shot was an undercover police agent , who later infiltrated the New York chapter of the Black Panther party and charged many of its leaders with various crimes .
( The " Panther 21 " were acquitted of all terrorism charges , but during their two - year incarceration the chapter fell apart . )
Panther bodyguards had a habit of not doing a very good job .
The 21 - year - old leader of the Panthers ' Chicago chapter , Fred Hampton , was murdered by Chicago police after they raided his home at 4:45 the morning of December 4 , 1969 .
Police fired a hundred rounds into the building , most directed toward Hampton 's bedroom .
Hampton 's personal bodyguard , William O'Neal , had drawn a floor plan of the house for the authorities .
" It is felt , " an FBI agent wrote to Hoover after the killing , " that this information is of considerable value in consideration of a special payment for informant requested in re Chicago letter . "
( O'Neal was paid $ 300 by the FBI after the Hampton murder .
In 1982 , the city of Chicago paid the families of the survivors of the raid and its two victims $ 1.85 m . )
Sometimes the FBI kept its hands clean when playing dirty tricks .
In southern California , Ron Karenga 's US organisation was vying for power with the Black Panther party , whose Los Angeles chapter was led by Bunchy Carter .
Under the heading " Tangible results " , one FBI memo reads : " Shootings , beatings and a high degree of unrest continues to prevail in the ghetto area of southeast San Diego .
Although no specific counterintelligence action can be credited with contributing to this over - all situation , it is felt that a substantial amount of the unrest is directly attributable to this programme . "
The memo goes on to propose a further action that " In view of the recent killing of BPP member Sylvester Bell ... will assist in the continuance of the rift between BPP and US . "
On January 17 , 1969 , Bunchy Carter and another Panther were murdered by two US members on the campus of the University of California at Los Angeles .
Almost 30 years after the murders , I spoke to a man whom I believed to be Carter 's nephew .
He refused to acknowledge ( or deny ) his kinship .
I called Ericka Huggins , the widow of the other Panther killed that day .
She asked me how I got her telephone number and hung up on me in less than a minute .
The mothers of Herod 's victims must have felt this way .
" Geronimo " Pratt took over as the leader of the Los Angeles chapter of the Black Panther party after Carter 's murder .
A 1970 FBI memo reads that " constant consideration is given to the possibility of the utilisation of counterintelligence measures with efforts being directed toward neutralising Pratt as an effective BPP functionary . "
Pratt was convicted of murder in 1972 based on the false testimony of Julius Butler , an FBI informant .
Pratt 's conviction was overturned in 1997 , after he had spent 27 years behind bars .
Hoover , describing another Cointelpro operation , explains that the " purpose of counterintelligence action is to disrupt BPP and it is immaterial whether facts exist to substantiate the charge . "
Of course , one might think that it is only meet that a government police force crack down on a supposedly violent group by any means necessary , especially if it is " the greatest threat to the internal security of the country " , as Hoover called the Panthers .
However , it was not because of their guns ( always legally held and handled ) that he deemed them so : it was because of the Panthers ' Free Breakfasts for Children programme .
As Hoover chides an FBI agent : " You state that the Bureau under the CIP should not attack programmes of community interest such as the BPP ' Breakfast for Children ' .
You state that this is because many prominent ' humanitarians ' , both white and black , are interested in the programme as well as churches which are actively supporting it .
You have obviously missed the point . "
So if the Panthers were not crazy thugs , why do we have this view of them today ?
Hoover directed his agents to " prevent militant black nationalist groups and leaders from gaining respectability , by discrediting them ... to the white community . "
My favourite Cointelpro operation is the one dealing with colouring books :
The FBI created children 's colouring books showing blacks murdering whites , ostensibly made by the Black Panther party to indoctrinate black children at Panther schools , so that whites and " moderate " blacks would be repulsed by these radicals .
Which brings us back to King .
No doubt this week , much will be made of the FBI 's snooping on King , and King 's alleged sexual escapades .
What will not be thought about much in America is that the primary source for this questionable information was Hoover , who ironically called King a " notorious liar " at a 1964 press conference and was even so petty as to try to stop a university from giving King an honorary degree .
A report compiled by the US Congress quotes from a March 28 , 1968 FBI memo : " A sanitation strike has been going on in Memphis for some time .
Martin Luther King
Jr today led a march composed of 5,000 to 6,000 people .
...
As the march developed , acts of violence and vandalism broke out . "
The memo continues : " This clearly demonstrates that acts of so - called nonviolence advocated by King can not be controlled .
The same thing could happen in his planned massive civil disobedience for Washington in April . "
One week later , King was dead .
When Britons ask why the American peace movement is so weak , the answer is Cointelpro .
In all , the US government spent about $ 100 m ( almost $ 550 m or £ 275 m in today 's currency ) destabilising or destroying black , indigenous and left - wing movements in America , and their potential future leadership .
The messiah did not rise again .
It ’s no secret that the religious right is opposed to health care reform ( a.k.a. “ death panels , ” “ government takeover , ” or “ Obamacare ” ) but as the Senate races to the winter recess with its bill that ’s controversial even to progressives , the religious right is using new Christmas - themed rhetoric to rally the base to oppose it .
Big supporters of the Stupak amendment on the House side , the religious right was up in arms when the Senate version , the Nelson - Hatch amendment , was defeated last week .
Even though the religious right claims many reasons for opposing health care reform , including “ rationing ” and the much dreaded march of supposed socialism , abortion has been , and continues to be front and center as a mobilizing tool .
But now , in the ( ahem ) spirit of the season , the movement is using new rhetoric that allowing ( even tangential ) government subsidy of abortion is turning America into a land run by a modern King Herod , who attempted to murder the baby Jesus .
The Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , head of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference whom Sojourners ’ Jim Wallis has labeled “ one of the most hopeful young Christian leaders of our time , ” led the charge for this narrative in last night ’s “ prayercast ” co-sponsored by the Family Research Council and The Call .
( For more on The Call and its leader Lou Engle , see my account of its spiritual warfare movement in opposition to gay marriage from last year . )
Other participants on the prayercast included FRC ’s Tony Perkins , Republican Senators Jim DeMint of South Carolina and Sam Brownback of Kansas , Reps . Todd Akin ( R - MO ) , Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) , Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) , Randy Forbes ( R - VA ) , and Mike McIntyre ( D - NC ) ; as well as Shirley and James Dobson ; Bishop Harry Jackson , who recently led an unsuccessful crusade against gay marriage in the District of Columbia ; and Pastor Jim Garlow , a leading proponent of California ’s Proposition 8 who claimed last night the health care bill violates the Ten Commandments .
Rodriguez , who told me recently that he worked with Wallis “ to push the House side in favor of an amendment that would protect the innocent or would restrict the funding of abortion procedures , ” also coalesces with the Freedom Federation , a coalition of religious right organizations that oppose health care reform , and The Oak Initiative , an initiative of Rick Joyner ’s Morningstar Ministries .
Through an email distributed by the Oak Initiative , Engle portrayed abortion coverage in the health care bill as the greatest moral crisis facing America , and told of a vision inspired by 1 Chronicles 21 , in which David vanquished the angel of death , sent by God as punishment for Israel ’s transgressions .
“ With all my heart I believe we have come to the point where the angel of death can be restrained on this new threshing floor , the floor of the Senate , ” wrote Engle .
“ If the Church , like David , will cry out in united urgency , God may intervene and restrain this healthcare bill that has tax - funded abortion at its very core . ”
He convened with Perkins , he said , “ to call the nation to prayer for such a time as this , an Esther moment appealing to the throne of heaven to overrule the thrones of earth . ”
In the prayercast , Rodriguez prayed :
Heavenly father , righteous God , in this season as we celebrate birth of our savior , the one who came to give us life , everlasting life abundant , we come in His name to intercede for that very gift of life .
Father , the same spirit of Herod who 2000 years ago attempted to exterminate the life of the Messiah today lives even America .
The legislation that incorporates death and infanticide all under the capopy of reform .
Today we ask for your spirit to convict the Senate and Congress , mobilize and activate the church to stand for righteousness and justice .
We , black and white , brown and yellow , rich and poor , urban and suburban , Republican , Democrats , and independents , come together and rise against the spirit of Herod , a culture of death and moral relativism .
We need your kingdom come and thy will to be done .
Let this nation once again adhere to the very tenets of our republic , one truly committed to life liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , in Jesus ’ name we pray .
Now we know what Rodriguez means by the “ browning ” of the evangelical movement .
The night before , in a Stop the Abortion Mandate webcast , Wendy Wright , president of Concerned Women for American ( and a former Operation Rescue activist ) also invoked the Herod analogy after calling Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ( the former governor of Kansas , the site of some of the most violent anti-abortion extremism ) “ the most pro-abortion governor in America . ”
Wright followed FRC ’s Perkins , who claimed health care reform efforts are not about the well - being of Americans , but a “ Planned Parenthood bailout . ”
Americans United for Life ’s Charmaine Yoest portrayed Planned Parenthood as an evil giant motivated by profit ( even though it , like most of the organizations represented on the call , is a non-profit ) .
In keeping with Engle ’s Esther theme , and the Herod theme , the health care reform debate was depicted as a sort of pro-choice last stand .
Perkins claimed the battle over abortion coverage in health care represented the “ last breath and struggle of the pro-abortion community , ” because “ we ’re so close to seeing abortion outlawed in this country ; to becoming a pro-life nation again . ”
That ’s why — in Perkins ’ view — the pro-choice community is fighting so hard to include abortion coverage in health care reform , because “ this is their last stand to change America in their image and promote a culture of death . ”
Get it ?
If you ’re pro-choice , you ’re like Herod , trying to wipe out an army of anointed ones , a battalion of Esthers — you ’re a co-conspirator on a massive death panel for Christianity .
Happy holidays — I mean , Merry Christmas , everyone .
Catholic World News News Feature
The Gay Priest Problem June 03 , 2002
By the Rev. Paul Shaughnessy
AIDS has quietly caused the deaths of hundreds of Roman Catholic priests in the United States although other causes may be listed on some of their death certificates , the Kansas City Star reported today .
The newspaper said its examination of death certificates and interviews with experts indicates several hundred priests have died of AIDS - related illnesses since the mid-1980s .
The death rate of priests from AIDS is at least four times that of the general population , the newspaper said .
Kansas City Bishop Raymond Boland says the AIDS deaths show that priests are human .
Astonishing , when you think about it .
The paragraph above comes from an Associated Press report on a series of newspaper articles by Judy L. Thomas that appeared in January of 2000 .
It is too much to say Catholics were " rocked " by the attendant media hype -- the scandal threshold has been raised pretty high in recent years -- but among the laity the articles occasioned , if not a gasp , at least a general sigh of exasperation .
From all sides , almost , one heard the complaint " Why does n't somebody do something ? "
Why not indeed .
A large part of the answer is implicit in the remarkable response to the situation tendered by Bishop Boland .
To aver that a priest shows he is human by dying of AIDS is to say that it is somehow natural to our human state to engage in acts of passive consensual sodomy , from which the resultant infection takes its predictable course .
Few Catholics who are not in Holy Orders would share this view of human nature .
In reality , the fact that priests die of AIDS proves that they commit sin , by which they show not that they are human but that they act in a sub - human manner - - sub - human not in any special sense , but in the ordinary sense in which each of us falls short of his true human dignity by sinning , whatever our sin may be .
But Bishop Boland , like many of his brethren , is unwilling to concede the major premise .
" I would never ask a priest how he got [ AIDS ] , " he told Thomas , " just like nobody asked me two years ago how I got cancer of the colon .
But I would provide for him .
I would not write him off and say , ' Because you 've got AIDS and because there are doubts about how one can acquire it , therefore you 're not a good priest . ’"
Well , let 's take the case of a 3 - year - old girl brought into the emergency room with a broken jaw and cigarette burns on her rib cage .
Suppose the hospital personnel said , " Look , there 's more than one way to pick up these injuries , and the girl 's medical treatment will be the same whatever their cause , so there 's no point in asking how she got them . "
Most of us would see such a response as a culpably willful refusal to face up to a grim reality .
By the same token , when we are urged to pretend that there is room for doubt as to how most priests contract AIDS , we can be sure that our gaze is being intentionally diverted from the ugly and indisputable facts : a disproportionately high percentage of priests is gay ; a disproportionately high percentage of gay priests routinely engages in sodomy ; this sodomy is frequently ignored , often tolerated , and sometimes abetted by bishops and superiors .
A WIDESPREAD PROBLEM ?
Just how widespread is homosexuality among priests and bishops ?
For obvious reasons , no reliable statistics are available .
The percentage is vigorously disputed , of course , but one indication of the scope of the problem is that those who argue for the lowest estimate insist that the number of gays in the clergy is no higher than that of the gay population in society at large -- as if this were not on its own showing evidence of a profound crisis .
Gay priests themselves -- who , though admittedly partisan , admittedly also have unique access to the facts -- commonly assure us that they are legion within the priesthood in general and well - represented even among bishops .
The Kansas City Star series mentioned above notes that , of 26 novices who entered the Missouri Province of the Jesuit order in 1967 and 1968 , only seven were eventually ordained priests .
Of these seven , three have ( to date ) died of AIDS , and a fourth is an openly gay priest now working as an artist in New York .
The priest - artist deplored the fact , not that his fellow Jesuits engaged in homosexual relations , but that they did not take " safe- sex " precautions even after the facts about HIV transmission became known .
In this case , four of seven priests in a discrete sample are known to have been actively homosexual .
What can we extrapolate from this data about the remaining three men , or about the American priesthood in general ?
Ten years ago the liberal National Catholic Reporter cited this example as typical :
Father Smith ( not his real name ) is a Jesuit priest working in a Philadelphia parish in one of the older parts of the city .
He is a closeted gay priest and does not want his name used .
... " In my worst moments , " he said , " I fear I will have been a collaborator in supporting an institution that oppresses gay people .... "
He said he became a Jesuit after falling in love with an older , 40 - year old Jesuit priest .
Smith was 20 then and studying at St. Joseph 's College in Philadelphia .
" As a Catholic priest , I know there would be no church without gay people .
... I assume priests are gay until proven otherwise . "
In the same vein , such priests routinely gloat about the fact that gay bars in big cities have special " clergy nights , " that gay resorts have set - asides for priests , and that in certain places the diocesan apparatus is controlled entirely by gays .
What is significant is that these are not claims made by their opponents , not accusations fired off by right - wing Catholics in a fit of paranoia ; rather they are gays ' words about gays themselves .
Their boasts include having blackmailed the Connecticut Catholic Conference into reversing its opposition to a gay - rights law by threatening to " out " gay bishops -- a reversal that is difficult to understand without resort to the blackmail explanation .
These considerations serve to underscore the point that the problem of gay priests entails not simply the scandal of sexual misdemeanor but also the fact that gay Catholics , by virtue of the fact that they reject her authority , serve to undermine the teaching Church .
Hence their influence must be gauged not only by their numbers , but by the focus and force of their hostility .
To this end , it is instructive to ponder the following message to his fellow gay clergy by South Africa 's Bishop Reginald Cawcutt , penned in response to a rumor that Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith was about to issue a letter prohibiting the acceptance of gay seminarians .
Kill [ Ratzinger ] ?
Pray for him ?
Why not just f--- him ???
Any volunteers -- ugh !!! ... I do not see how he can possibly do this -- but ...
If he does , lemme repeat my statement earlier -- that I will cause lotsa s--- for him and the Vatican .
And that is a promise .
MY intention would be simply to ask the question what he intends doing with those priests , bishops ( possibly " like me " ) and cardinals ... who are gay .
That should cause s--- enough .
Be assured dear reverend gentlemen , I shall let you know the day any such outrageous letter reaches the desks of the ordinaries of the world .
Bishop Cawcutt 's actual communication , be it noted , contained no prudish dashes .
While the virulence of his language may be exceptional , the targets of his antagonism are not , and it is noteworthy that none of Bishop Cawcutt 's several defenders distanced himself from the content of the prelate 's harangue .
IDEOLOGY ALLOWS THE PROBLEM TO PERSIST
Bishop Cawcutt 's astonishing survivability puts one in mind of President Clinton's , and to some extent the persistence of the gay priest problem and President Clinton 's immunity to scandal have a common cause : Clinton in his own sphere and gay clergy in theirs have been indispensable agents in the advancement of the liberal agenda .
Like their secular counterparts , Catholic liberals , even where they do not positively applaud the sexual recreations of gay priests , are willing to overlook the resultant embarrassment in order that a more important end may be served -- in order , that is , that gays may remain as active members in the Church to assist them in their project of replacing ecclesial authority with personal experience as the norm determinative of authentic faith .
The leadership of the liberal movement in the Catholic Church is still today dominated by former priests , brothers , and seminarians who abandoned their vocations in the 1960s and 1970s .
Most of these left to marry , and for them contraception remains the touchstone issue .
Of their companions in dissent who stayed behind in the priesthood , a disproportionately high number are gay , and even liberal writers have commented on the " lavenderization of the left " that characterizes the clerical wing of their movement .
A review of a recent book on the priesthood by the National Catholic Reporter ’s Tom Roberts typifies the position -- uneasily held , nervously expressed -- of the non-gay progressive :
" Considering Orientation " is the chapter of The Changing Face of the Priesthood that deals with the increasingly disproportionate number of homosexuals in the Roman Catholic priesthood and the one that leads the author , Fr. Donald B. Cozzens , to ask if the priesthood is on its way to becoming a " gay profession . "
It is a devilishly difficult question to ask , first because almost no one in the hierarchical ranks wants anything to do with it , and because one can only approach it through a minefield planted wide with homophobes , right - wing zealots who see homosexual clergy as a particularly noxious manifestation of a liberal agenda , and the church 's teaching that the homosexual orientation is " objectively disordered . "
Whether the priesthood is becoming a gay profession is not , of course , a difficult question to ask , or to answer .
It will be a tough problem to solve , in part because Catholics like Roberts cherish a contempt for conservatives ( " homophobes , " " right - wing zealots " ) that overmasters their intuition that something has gone wrong with the liberal project when its closest allies in the clergy are linked in the public imagination with male ballet dancers and fashion designers .
The " minefield " that terrifies Roberts involves not the explosive potential of error but the explosive potential of truth .
What is unthinkable , what seems to be psychologically impossible to concede , is that there is an aspect of post - conciliar controversy in which the conservatives might have been right after all .
In the same vein , whereas the National Catholic Reporter via Jason Berry 's articles was among the first publications to broach the subject of clerical sexual abuse , the same paper remains bewilderingly doctrinaire in its refusal to question the dogma that the preponderance of male victims is entirely unrelated to priestly homosexuality .
Though progressives lampoon the orthodox as cowards who shut their eyes and cover their ears while shouting the party line , in this arena there is little doubt as to who is asking the disconcerting questions and who wants to change the subject .
The Kansas City Star series cites an example that is as telling as it is typical ; the subject is pre-seminary HIV testing .
One religious order that does n't require the test is the Society of the Precious Blood .
The Rev. Mark Miller , provincial director of the Kansas City province , said the testing raises issues that he does not wish to address .
" When you ask a question , you need to know why you are asking it , " Miller said .
" The answers that would come up put it in a category where we do n't want to go . "
Still , liberals characteristically refuse to acknowledge their own role in creating the gay priest problem , and often attempt to transfer the blame to others .
Thus Roberts complains that " almost no one in the hierarchical ranks " wants to tackle the crisis -- a complaint that is at least partly disingenuous .
Much of the hierarchy 's reluctance to address the issue stems precisely from the beating it knows it would take at the hands of liberals should it treat gayness as a negative factor .
Since liberals dominate the opinion - forming institutions in the Church - - the media , the bureaucracy , education at all levels -- and since they are able to call on powerful allies in the secular world to help discredit their adversaries , only the boldest of bishops would risk a truly candid discussion of the problem in public .
HOMOSEXUALITY IS NOT TREATED AS A PROBLEM
For all that , the number of priests dead of AIDS has forced everyone , even gay clergy themselves , to admit that something is not right .
Here too , however , the nature of the crisis as well as its solution has been brought to the public attention by the secular media and presented solely in its secular aspects .
What is disappointing , if not surprising , is the extent to which bishops and religious superiors have adopted the secular mindset and washed their hands of their moral responsibilities , in effect allowing the poachers to appoint themselves gamekeepers .
A parade example is the case of Father Michael Peterson , founder of the Saint Luke Institute , which specializes in therapy for priests with sexual disorders .
Peterson himself died of AIDS in 1987 - - a circumstance which not only failed to destroy the credibility of his motives or to delegitimize his therapeutic techniques , but which earned him almost unanimous port- mortem accolades even from bishops .
Examples can be multiplied from the Kansas City Star articles :
In 1986 , [ Father Dennis ] Rausch moved to South Florida and eventually became Catholic chaplain at Florida International University in North Miami .
It was there that he began counseling and ministering to people with HIV and AIDS .
In February 1989 , Rausch decided he should get an HIV test himself .
He waited nearly three weeks for the devastating results .
" The first year was really difficult , " said Rausch , 47 .
" I went through anger at myself for being so stupid .
You wonder , ' Am I going to get sick and die ?
How long am I going to be around ?
What if the bishop finds out ?
Is he going to ship me off ? ' "
Father Rausch 's worries were unfounded .
In January of 2000 he was doing neither penance not jail time but running an AIDS ministry program for the Archdiocese of Miami .
No one familiar with the conduct of Catholic gay / lesbian ministry in the United States will contest the claim that many , perhaps most , of the ministers are sexually active gays .
It is a slight exaggeration , if it is an exaggeration at all , to contend that the only disqualifying factor for gay / lesbian or AIDS ministry is moral disapproval of the gay lifestyle .
The situation is not much different in the field of vocation direction and of priestly formation .
The Rev. Thomas Crangle , a Franciscan priest in the Capuchin order in Passaic , NJ , knows what a positive AIDS test can do to a seminarian .
When he was vocation director for his province , Crangle said , a man applied for his order , which did n't require testing , and another order that had mandatory testing .
" He came out positive , " Crangle said .
" He came to me and he said , ' That just blows all my dreams . '
I said , ' It does n't blow your dreams .
You had a vocation before this , and this does not make you who you are . ’ "
In assessing the likelihood of remedying the crisis , the importance of the poacher - turned - gamekeeper phenomenon cannot be stressed enough .
Not only does it ensure that the current wisdom regarding seminary recruitment will be maintained for the foreseeable future , but that the problem deemed to be in need of fixing will be the problem of traditional Catholic morality and asceticism .
The official and expert responses to priests who die of AIDS are remarkable for what they omit and for what they include .
Mention is seldom , if ever , made of the moral failing on the part of the priest .
Sodomy is a mortal sin , and this sin is compounded on the part of the priest because it involves a further violation of his promises of chastity , in addition to the hypocrisy implicit in his acting against his role of moral teacher and helper of souls .
Silence on this subject on the part of bishops and religious superiors is baffling to lay Catholics , who naturally wonder whether there is double standard in operation that censures laypeople but excuses clergy , that censures heterosexual but excuses homosexual vice .
Even rarer than discussion of the moral delinquency of the priest with AIDS is candid acknowledgment of the part played by sexual perversion in contracting the disease , the psychological disorder of the man locked into a compulsive homosexual libido which is marked by an adolescent selfishness and hunger for gratification and an adolescent irresponsibility and lack of control .
Men entrusted with institutional authority who are enfeebled by deviant compulsive sexuality cannot help but damage the institution , not only by sexual mischief , but in ways unrelated to sex in which their immaturity , hostility , and irresponsibility lead them to sacrifice the common good to their own agenda .
Yet the gamekeepers and their partisans keep alive the pretense that a priest can make the " mistakes " that lead to his death by AIDS while still serving the Church with moral and doctrinal and pastoral integrity , as if the inclination to sodomy were an isolable affliction like measles or a weakness for chocolate .
A case in point concerns Father Thom Savage , S.J. , who last year became the first president of an American university , religious or secular , to die of AIDS .
Most of the faithful who learned of it winced at the shame that it should be a Catholic , and still more a priest , that earned this distinction .
One might have expected official responses similar to those offered when a priest is found dead in a brothel : a low - key statement of regret for the scandal caused , a brief reaffirmation of the priestly duty of chastity , a reminder to pray that God deal mercifully with the departed .
Father Edward Kinerk , SJ , is a former superior of the Missouri Province of the Society of Jesus and Savage 's successor as president of Rockhurst College .
This is how he chose to speak to the issue :
As a Jesuit , I cannot feel anything but pride and gratitude for a meteor that burned itself out in the service of others .
On May 10 , 1999 , God took the gift back .
Thom is with God .
As Jesuits , we rejoice .
He has done what God sent him to do .
Many Catholics simply shook their heads in disbelief after reading this encomium .
Embezzlers are not commended for their generous service to the banking industry , yet gay priests who break their vows are routinely praised for their ministry .
Why then does the laity so seldom protest ?
By a curious irony , it is often the more than ordinarily God-fearing people who find themselves reduced to silence on this issue .
This is because the spontaneous disgust that sodomy arouses in normal persons simultaneously evokes , in the Christian , compassion for those wretched enough to be afflicted with such disordered appetites .
We shudder to learn of the existence of men with a morbid attraction to vomit or to corpses , yet our natural horror is almost always a horror mixed with pity .
In the same way , even though most Catholics in their heart of hearts reject the stigmatization of their healthy reactions as " homophobia " , an uneasy sense of " there but for the grace of God go I " tempers their revulsion and sometimes inhibits them from giving voice to the moral concern they rightly intuit .
Gays have not been slow to exploit this reticence to their own political advantage , and indeed have done so with outstanding success .
MUST CELIBACY BE TAUGHT ?
If it is not already obvious from what has preceded , it should be stated flatly that the word " homophobia " will not be found in the mouth of an honest man .
It represents an intellectual fraud perpetrated for devious political motives that will not withstand open examination .
A parallel bit of semantic sleight - of - hand is the notion that " sexuality " or " celibate sexuality " needs to be taught to adult men .
One of Judy Thomas 's Kansas City Star headlines neatly encapsulates the party line of the gamekeepers : " Seminary taught spirituality , liturgy , and Latin - - sexuality was taboo . "
Thomas reports that most priests polled by the Star " said the church failed to offer an early and effective sexual education that might have prevented [ HIV ] infection in the first place . "
Though uncritical in its presentation , her series accurately picks - up this drumbeat and relays it in quote after quote .
" Sexuality still needs to be talked about and dealt with , " said the Rev. Dennis Rausch .
" The Jesuits have made a much more concerted effort to educate our men on sexuality and celibacy and what that means , " Father Edward Kinerk said .
" When young men go into seminary , they do n't even know what celibacy is , " said Father Harry Morrison , a California priest who has AIDS .
" A lot of this technical language , these Latin phrases , all you know is there 's something to be afraid of .
You do n't even know exactly what it means . "
" How to be celibate and to be gay at the same time , and how to be celibate and heterosexual at the same time , that 's what we were never really taught how to do . "
( Bishop Thomas Gumbleton )
Without exception , the reaction of every sane heterosexual priest of my acquaintance to this proposal is , " Say what ? "
It is difficult to imagine a psychologically healthy 15 - year - old boy , much less a seminarian , who would not have a wholly adequate and complete idea of " what celibacy is . "
If a groom expressed hesitations to his bride as to " sexuality and fidelity and what that means , " she would have excellent reason to doubt his sanity or good will or both -- clearly a happy marriage is not in the cards .
By the same token , every decent man knows when he walks through the seminary door that it 's wrong to tumble the receptionist and shower with the altar boys and stash porn in his dresser , and those who pretend to be teachers in this arena are themselves deeply confused or profoundly duplicitous .
I do not dispute that there exist 25 - year - olds who do not know what celibacy means , but such men are radically unfit to become deacons , priests , and bishops , and all the lectures in the world will not make them otherwise .
There is a sense of course in which a normal , well - intentioned seminarian can and should learn from the ascetical tradition of the Church and from non-politicized psychology how to avoid dangers to chastity and how to strengthen his self - mastery so as to stay chaste .
Exhortations to modesty in speech and dress and to custody of the eyes are examples of the former ; instruction on the dangers of projection and transference in counseling situations are examples of the latter .
But everyone familiar with the current reality knows that the " workshops on sexuality " offered to priests and seminarians do not concern themselves with techniques helpful to self - mastery .
Rather they take the form of group sharing sessions in which the participants are invited to make peace with their own " sexuality " and urged , much more forcefully , to tolerate those with non-standard appetites .
A case in point : the US Jesuits recently approved guidelines for admitting novices that include this characteristic of the ideal candidate : " He has the ability to identify and accept his own sexual orientation and to live comfortably with people of different sexual orientations . "
Note that in the discussion of sexual orientation the qualifiers " normal " and " deviant " play no part in the equation .
In this context they never do .
The gay priest problem will continue to worsen as long as this code - talk remains the dominant idiom .
As long as seminarians are " educated in sexuality " by the Michael Petersons and are warned by their superiors that they must " live comfortably with people of different sexual orientations , " we can be sure that the number of gays will steadily increase in the clergy and the language of moral integrity will be pushed out of the discussion .
Quite simply , those entrusted to fix what is broken are broken themselves and are camouflaging their real motives in the fuzzy vocabulary of therapy and pastoral sensitivity .
As with every institutional crisis , this one ultimately boils down to the question of accountability .
Who recruits the newcomers ?
Who forms their habits and attitudes ?
More importantly , who appoints the recruiters and educators ?
Who will name the problems for what they are and take responsibility for putting them right ?
The issue of accountability forces us to confront a yet more intimidating crisis , one which is easily misunderstood and which I take up with reluctance , but which must be faced squarely as an unpleasant truth .
Nothing good is going to come of this .
Flight 253 passenger : Sharp - dressed man aided terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab onto plane without passport
( MLive.com exclusive )
By Sheena Harrison | MLive.com
December 26 , 2009 , 2:22 PM
According to witnesses , the suspect had a long beard and was driving a red 1937 Chevrolet coupe .
Police forensic artists have released the following sketch :
Centrist Democrats are " very open " to including a public option in health legislation before the Senate , an ardent supporter said Monday .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , who has been at the forefront of the Senate battle to include the controversial government - run plan for consumers , said there are between 54 and 56 votes in the Senate in favor of the provision , with several more votes able to be won .
" Here 's how you have to look at it :
The overwhelming majority of Democrats in the Senate are for it , " Schumer said this morning during an appearance on MSNBC .
" I 'm talking to some of the moderates , and they 're very open to it . "
Schumer pointed to last week 's defeat during the Senate Finance Committee markup of a healthcare bill , in which amendments to include a public option in Sen.
Max Baucus 's ( D - Mont . ) bill failed , but provided some indicators as to where other lawmakers stand .
Schumer said the committee vote provided the first indications that Sens. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla . ) and Tom Carper ( D - Del. ) would support the public option .
Democratic leaders previously had been unsure of their votes .
" Inside , we were all happy , " Schumer said , adding that he and other Democratic senators are targeting Baucus , along with Sens. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) for additional votes on the public option .
He maintained that the final bill to pass through all of Congress would have a public option , whether the Senate passes it initially or has to rely on a budget manuever in the conference report to avoid the 60 - vote filibuster threshold .
The New York senator , who headed up Democrats ' 2008 campaign efforts in the Senate , also said that the fate of healthcare legislation and the political fate of President Barack Obama would largely affect Democrats ' political fortunes in the 2010 midterm elections .
" In 2010 , like it or not , we 're tied to Obama , " he said .
" If his numbers are poor , we 're going to do poorly . "
A Canadian junior envoy who caused a diplomatic spat by spitting at a Tanzanian policeman and journalist has been recalled .
Canada 's High Commissioner Robert Orr was summoned by the Tanzanian foreign ministry over the incident last week .
" In the best interest of all involved parties , the Canadian official will be leaving Tanzania at the earliest possible time , " Mr Orr said .
However , the journalist concerned says he still wants to take legal action .
" Justice must be done .
Repatriating him is only one stage , but it does n't mean that it 's over .
I will go to the police , to make sure that they hold his passport , " Jerry Muro , from the Tanzanian Broadcasting Corporation ( TBC ) told the local HabariLeo newspaper .
He says he was spat on at the police station where the diplomat was taken last Wednesday .
The diplomat was arrested after he reportedly spat at a traffic policeman on duty in the middle of a traffic jam in the Banana district on the outskirts of Dar es Salaam .
Tanzania 's foreign ministry says the incident was a humiliation not just for the police officer and journalist concerned , but for the entire country .
by Ray Nelson
When I saw Phil Dick for the last time , he was beside himself with glee , having recently received a fat check from his agent for film options on a long shopping list of novels and short stories , in every case for a figure in excess of what he had gotten for their original publications .
In addition , the first in the series of optioned stories , Blade Runner , was nearing completion and Phil had seen the rushes and heartily approved of how it had turned out .
I glanced around at the small , dim , shabby apartment he occupied and said " I suppose now you 'll move out of here and get yourself a mansion with a swimming pool and hot and cold running starlets " .
He loomed over me where I sat on a threadbare sofa , and slowly shook his head .
" I have responsibilities , " he intoned .
" But surely you have some of the money left , enough to at least rent a place more in keeping with your material success " .
He gazed down at me with cocker spaniel eyes .
" No Ray , I also have my priorities .
There are things more important than worldly show .
In point of fact , I have already spent most of the money . "
" Donations to your favorite charities ? " " No , nothing like that . "
" Gifts to the wives of all your friends ? " " How little you know me . "
" A shipment of little pills to make you sick ? "
" Wrong again , Ray .
I know you are the soul of discretion , but if I tell you the last of my many secrets you must swear on a Bible or at least on your copy of Stranger in a Strange Land that you will not reveal what I tell you until after my death " " Good grief Phil ! " " Swear ! "
" All right , I swear . "
His slightly slanted catlike eyes darted about the room , as if seeking some hidden eavesdropper .
" You know when we were kids at Hillside School in Berkeley , I believed without question that Walt Disney personally drew all those talking ducks and mice " .
" Well , so did I . I took it for granted .
Of course we both know now that he did n't even draw his signature .
He probably did n't himself actually invent Mickey Mouse .
He fooled everyone . "
" Not everyone Ray .
Can you imagine Larry Niven being taken in ? "
" I guess not . "
" No Ray , Larry would have laughed at us .
I can just imagine his scornful , hurtful laughter if he had found us out . "
" But that was a long time ago Phil .
We 've changed . "
" Oh ?
Larry has n't changed .
He still has no room in his universe for talking mice .
Today , if anything , he'd be more scornful , more sarcastic than he must have been as a child . "
" Get to the point Phil . " Again
He glanced around .
He paused , gathered his courage .
" I still believe " Phil whispered .
I burst out laughing .
" You too , Ray ?
Yes , you and Larry have changed all right .
Only I have remained faithful . "
" So that 's it ?
The big secret ? "
" That 's it . "
" I have to say , I do n't believe you .
You had me going there for a second , but I do n't believe you really still believe in Disney . "
He looked hurt .
" I went on a pilgrimage " , He said , rising out of his usual slouch to stand like an indignant christian martyr before a Roman persecutor .
" To where ? "
His dignity send me into another fit of laughter .
" Disneyland , " He said defiantly .
" What ? " " Disneyland .
I walked the whole way . "
He made it sound as if Disneyland .
was on some other continent when in fact it was only a few blocks away .
" I do n't believe you , Phil . "
" I have proof . "
" Let 's see it . "
He took out his wallet and extracted a laminated card .
" It 's a pass to Disneyland , good for one whole year . "
" You must have paid a fortune for it " .
I took it in my hand and stared at it .
It appeared to be exactly what He said it was .
" To pay so much for one visit " .
" For one visit , yes .
But it 's a bargain for several times . "
" Several times ? " " Many times . "
" How many ? " " Every day at first .
Now only two or three times a week . "
" My God Phil . "
" There 's a little cafe in Disneyland .
They have outdoor tables .
I 've gone there so often the waiters greet me by my first name " .
" That 's amazing . "
" Even Mickey .
Mickey greets me by my first name .
You know what a tulpa is Ray ? "
" No . " " In Tibet they believe that if you imagine someone , set a place for them at the table , talk to someone as if He was really there , talk to other people about him as if He was real , after a while you 'll glimpse that someone out of the corner of your eye .
The food on that someone 's plate will start to disappear .
You 'll hear someone breathing at night when you 're all alone .
Finally one night , out of the shadows a someone will step into the light from the campfire and sit down , and perhaps , perhaps ... "
" Yes ? " " He 'll speak .
Come with me tomorrow .
You 'll see .
Yesterday he was there at the next table .
I did n't dare look at him directly . "
" The tulpa ? " " Walt " Return to Top
We know , you 're so surprised .
Google 's finally confirmed the Nexus One .
We 've naturally heard all about the phone already from dubious sources , and even reviewed the purported device , but now that they 've got one in hand up on a stage , we suppose we 'll have to set aside all of our doubts .
So , the nitty gritty : 3.7 - inch AMOLED display , 1GHz Snapdragon processor , compass , GPS , accelerometer , light and proximity sensor , 5 megapixel camera with LED flash , 3.5 m m headphone jack , and a multicolored LED under the trackball .
There are also two mics onboard , one on the bottom and one on the back , for the purpose of noise cancellation à la Motorola 's CrystalTalk , and the phone is naturally running the brand new Android 2.1 .
The phone is actually HTC branded , unlike the pre-release versions we 've seen , and can be custom engraved with two lines of text at the time of order , for that extra personal touch ( there 's a picture of the phone 's back after the break ) .
The phone is available today off contract with a T - Mobile compatible radio for $ 529 unlocked , shipping to the US , UK , Singapore and Hong Kong , or with a two year T - Mobile US contract for $ 179 ( both with free overnight shipping in the US ) .
Most surprisingly , the phone is also headed to Verizon this Spring , and Vodafone will score the device eventually as well . :
Tony could n't resist , and he managed to capture each step of the checkout process while ordering an unlocked Nexus One today .
Hit up the gallery below if you 're into that whole " living vicariously " thing .
Thanks ,
Tony ! :
Check out the detailed T - Mobile USA pricing options here .
Thanks , Kamran !
2037 CET : Time to dust off the sporting cliches .
More than half of the teams travelling to next year 's World Cup in South Africa are going to offset the emissions created as they fly to the rainbow nation , says the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , which has a longstanding interest in the " greening " of sport .
This allowed UNEP chief Achim Steiner to hope that " the remaining nations participating in South Africa will want to come on - side for the climate in order to score their own green goals in 2010 " .
But according to Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) , which regards offsetting in the same way that England supporters view the prospects of a penalty shoot - out against Germany , this is very much - yes , you guessed it - an " own goal " .
" These proposals should be left sitting firmly on the bench , " the groan ( sorry , green ) group continued .
" Rich countries need to set an example and lead in cutting their emissions by 40 % by 2020 , without carbon offsetting . "
My solution ?
A play - off between teams representing UNEP and FoE to decide the matter .
UNEP can offset their goalposts from the centre of their goal - line towards the corner of the pitch , while FoE reduces the size of theirs by 40 % , and we 'll see which is the more effective at cutting the scoring rate .
1846 CET : There 's been a fair bit of debate on whether the issue of whether the e-mails hacked from the UEA 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) will play into discussions here - how much influence the response to their publication will have on negotiations and outcomes .
Saudi Arabia 's lead negotiator Mohammad Al - Sabban brought it up in his opening speech , saying it had " shaken trust " in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and its work .
IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri was having none of it .
" The recent incident of stealing the e-mails of scientists at the University of East Anglia shows that some would go to the extent of carrying out illegal acts perhaps in an attempt to discredit the IPCC .
" The internal consistency from multiple lines of evidence strongly supports the work of the scientific community , including those individuals singled out in these e-mail exchanges , many of whom have dedicated their time and effort to develop those findings . "
Later , US negotiator Jonathan Pershing was in more combative mood , referring to the " enormous multitude of different strands of evidence that support the urgency and the severity of the problem that have been managed in multiple places around the world " :
" What I think is unfortunate , and in fact shameful , is the way that some scientists who have devoted their lives are being pilloried in the press without regard to the process .
The science is incredibly robust . "
1517 CET : Despite some seductive mood music this morning , sombre notes were also sounded in the opening bars of this two - week conference .
Host cities always try to give delegates a sense of their history and culture .
Mercifully ( I say this having sat through many ) , Denmark 's choice was a short and tasteful musical contribution from a harpist and a youthful - looking choir , closed by a soulful and elegiac trumpet .
Denmark 's Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen then ran through a speech with no surprises at all .
In a nutshell : a deal can be done this fortnight ; it wo n't be easy ; there are lots of challenges ; but if everyone pulls together , it can be done .
His minister for the climate summit Connie Hedegaard - who acts as president of the conference and who will shortly become the EU 's new climate commissioner - continued in a similar vein : Copenhagen meant " C for constructiveness , C for co-operation and hopefully C for consensus - let 's get it done . "
Within minutes of C for Connie finishing her speech and asking delegates to approve the order of play , however , signs of cracks began to appear .
First , a few developing countries , with Papua New Guinea in the vanguard , disputed attempts to go through some elements of text without what they saw as proper consultation .
Ms Hedegaard 's body language spoke to a determination to avoid long drawn - out talks and discussions and - as she put it - " get it done " , but not everyone is keen to go at such a pace when they feel their interests are at stake .
Later in the opening session came the first formal sign of a discord between various parties .
The head of the Grenadan delegation , Dessima Williams , said the Association of Small Island States ( AOSIS ) would " consider their options " if a legally - binding deal did not materialise here .
Deconstructing this afterwards , it appears that this bloc of 43 countries may simply not sign a deal that they believe votes their nations out of existence .
As of now , it 's not a full - scale threat to walk out .
But it is a shot across the bows to the industrial powers , both developed and developing , saying : give us a process that puts the world on course to a warming of 1.5C above pre-industrial temperatures , or we 're not signing the deal you so desperately want .
Some people here raise the point that small countries can be easily " bought off " by aid money or trade - or bullied into conformity - by their larger brethren .
Surely history indicates that is true - but if you perceive that the end of your nation is in sight as sea levels rise , perhaps that changes the usual terms of business .
← Kill the Senate Health Care Bill .
Sign the Petition .
UPDATE : President Obama said the public option " has become a source of ideological contention between the left and right . "
But , he added , " I did n't campaign on the public option . "
President Obama said this Tuesday while defending the indefensible Senate health care bill , which mandates that all Americans buy insurance from private providers .
The Senate 's health care bill must be killed .
Sign our petition to Congress and President Obama :
We must do better for health care than this bill .
The Senate health care bill is an ungodly mess of errors , loopholes , and massive giveaways .
When the American people find out what 's actually in this bill , they will revolt .
Here 's why :
Forces you to pay up to 8 % of your income to private insurance corporations -- whether you want to or not ( # )
If you refuse to buy the insurance , you 'll have to pay penalties of up to 2 % of your annual income to the IRS ( #)
After being forced to pay thousands in premiums for junk insurance , you can still be on the hook for up to $ 11,900 a year in out - of - pocket medical expenses ( # ) Massive restriction on a woman 's right to choose , designed to trigger a challenge to Roe v. Wade in the Supreme Court ( # ) Paid for by taxes on the middle class insurance plan you have right now through your employer , causing them to cut back benefits and increase co-pays ( # )
Many of the taxes to pay for the bill start now , but most Americans wo n't see any benefits -- like an end to discrimination against those with preexisting conditions -- until 2014 when the program begins ( # )
Allows insurance companies to charge people who are older 300 % more than others ( #) Grants monopolies to drug companies that will keep generic versions of expensive biotech drugs from ever coming to market ( #)
No reimportation of prescription drugs , which would save consumers $ 100 billion over 10 years ( #)
The cost of medical care will continue to rise , and insurance premiums for a family of four will rise an average of $ 1000 a year -- meaning in 10 years , you family 's insurance premium will be $ 10,000 more annually than it is right now ( # )
We desperately need health care reform .
But we can't pass the Senate 's bill .
Photo via afagen ( flickr )
Email : * First Name : Last Name : Zip : *
Why do you think this bill should be killed ? :
Please leave this field blank : * required
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At least 10 people were killed in Tehran on Saturday as police clashed with " terrorists " in protests over a disputed poll , Iranian state TV says .
State media also said family members of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani - a powerful opponent of the re-elected president - were arrested during the protests .
Defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi has condemned " mass arrests " of supporters , Reuters news agency says .
Meanwhile Iran has ordered the BBC's Jon Leyne out of the country .
" With regret , we can confirm that Jon Leyne , the BBC 's permanent correspondent in Tehran has been asked to leave by the Iranian authorities .
The BBC office remains open , " a BBC statement said .
Iran asks BBC reporter to leave Who 's who in Iran Reporters ' log : Iran 's upheaval Freedom craving ' fuelling unrest '
The consequences of engagement Suspicions behind election Dubai - based Al - Arabiya TV said on Sunday its Tehran office , which was closed by the Iranian authorities a week ago , had been ordered to stay shut indefinitely for " unfair reporting " of the 12 June election .
And Newsweek magazine said its correspondent Maziar Bahari - a Canadian national - was detained without charge on Sunday morning and had not been heard from since .
Campaign group Reporters Without Borders says Iranian authorities have detained 23 local journalists and bloggers since post-election protests began .
The demonstrations were sparked by disputed presidential elections , but have since escalated into Iran 's most serious internal conflict since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has demanded an end to the protests .
Witnesses said there did not appear to be any opposition gatherings or demonstrations on Sunday , according to the AFP news agency .
In other developments : Iran 's most senior dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri calls for three days of national mourning for those killed in street protests , Reuters news agency reports
Former pro-reform President Mohammad Khatami calls for the release of detained activists
Iran police chief Gen Esmaeil Ahmadi Moghaddam warns any further unrest will be confronted " decisively "
Iranian officials again attack the UK for " interfering " .
High - level arrests
State media reports of Saturday 's violence cannot be verified as foreign media in Iran are being severely restricted .
TEHRAN LATEST Jeremy Bowen , BBC News , Tehran Mr Rafsanjani is one of the most influential figures in Iran .
He is also an opponent of President Ahmadinejad .
He 's been silent during this crisis , but it 's certain he 's active behind the scenes .
Mr Rafsanjani did not go to the prayer session in which Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei made a very tough speech endorsing the election result and saying that opposition leaders would be responsible for any bloodshed .
That was another sign of the fracture in the leadership of this country .
They accused " rioters " of setting two petrol stations ablaze and attacking a military post .
The state TV report said and more than 100 people had been wounded in clashes between police and " terrorist groups " .
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen , in Tehran , says the reports could serve as a warning to Iranians that if they take part in further protests they risk getting embroiled in violence , or being identified as a " terrorist " .
Mr Rafsanjani 's daughter , Faezeh - who addressed supporters of protest leader and defeated presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi on Tuesday - was among the Rafsanjani family members arrested on Saturday .
Faezah Hashemi was still being held on Sunday , but the other relatives had been released , Press TV said .
The arrests suggest the political dispute is fracturing the heart of the Iranian leadership , our correspondent says .
Mr Rafsanjani - an opponent of President Ahmadinejad - has maintained a public silence over recent days , but it is certain that he is active behind the scenes , our correspondent adds .
Late into night Witness accounts on Saturday suggested police used live rounds , batons , tear gas and water cannon to break up demonstrations which went on late into the night .
By making hasty comments , you will not have a place in the circle of the Iranian nation 's friends
President Ahmadinejad
Among unconfirmed material posted on the internet after Saturday 's protests , a brief graphic video clip appearing to show a teenage girl dying from a wound , has fuelled anti-government feelings .
The girl , who has been called Neda , had been protesting with her father in Tehran when she was shot by pro-government Basij militia , according to one blogger .
Critics of the June presidential poll - which gave President Ahmadinejad a resounding 63 % of votes , compared with 34 % for Mr Mousavi , his nearest rival - say there is evidence of widespread vote - rigging .
In a statement on his website , Mr Mousavi accused authorities of cheating the Iranian people out of a rightful election result , reports said .
' Govern through consent '
The Iranian leadership has repeatedly accused foreign powers of interfering in Iran 's domestic affairs , with the UK the particular focus of ire .
Iranians have been sending clips of events in Tehran to sharing sites On Sunday President Ahmadinejad again highlighted alleged interference by the UK and US .
" By making hasty comments , you will not have a place in the circle of the Iranian nation 's friends .
Therefore , I recommend you to correct your interfering positions , " he said in a statement on his website .
But UK Foreign Minister David Milliband said he rejected " categorically the idea that the protesters in Iran are manipulated or motivated by foreign countries " .
In other reported developments , state TV said members of the exiled opposition group Mujahideen Khalq Organisation ( MKO ) had been arrested for " terrorist activities " .
The report said they had been burning buses and smashing public property - and had been taking orders from their operation room in the UK .
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
Are you taking part in the demonstrations ?
If you have any information you would like to share with the BBC you can do so using the form below : Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In an attempt to intimidate monitors , the hunters dump the body of a fox they ’ve killed on top of the monitor ’s car .
This demonstrates how they work : through fear , intimidation and , in some cases , violence .
Keep Cruelty History .
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tetrodotoxin is found in more than just marine creatures .
It is present in high concentrations in the skin of certain newts in North America and Japan , and in several kinds of frogs in Central and South America and Bangladesh .
The widespread occurrence of tetrodotoxin poses some intriguing riddles .
First , how is it that such different animals , belonging to separate branches of the animal kingdom , have all come to possess the same deadly poison ?
And how is it that they are able to tolerate high levels of tetrodotoxin while others cannot ?
The questions are particularly interesting because , in general , animal toxins are distinct and specific to each group .
For instance , the venoms produced by snakes and scorpions are made of different kinds of toxins .
But the tetrodotoxin found in each dish of that deadly buffet is identical .
One explanation could be that each of these animals has independently found a way to synthesize tetrodotoxin .
But the toxin is a rather complex molecule that requires several chemical steps to assemble .
It seems very unlikely that the molecule would be invented many times over in different animals .
Rather , the evidence suggests that animals do not make the toxin themselves .
For instance , when puffer fish are raised in aquariums with filtered , bacteria - free water , they are nontoxic .
Similarly , when Japanese newts or Panamanian frogs are raised on special diets , they lose their toxicity .
These experiments indicate that tetrodotoxin - bearing animals obtain the toxin from the food chain .
Indeed , several species of tetrodotoxin - producing bacteria have now been isolated from puffer fish , the blue - ringed octopus , certain snails and other animals .
It appears that the animals become toxic by sequestering the bacterially produced toxin in their tissues .
While those discoveries solve the mystery of the source of tetrodotoxin , they do not quite explain how so many kinds of animals exploit it .
Tetrodotoxin attacks an ancient feature of the animal kingdom , blocking channels that normally control the movement of sodium ions across nerve and muscle cell membranes and halting their electrical activity .
All animals have these sodium ion channels , and the part of the channel that tetrodotoxin fits into and blocks is generally very similar among them .
It 's bigger than any Kindle or device from B&N. Optimized for magazines and newspapers , the Skiff Reader offers a durable 11.5 - inch ( 1600 x 1200 ) " Metal Foil " touchscreen display , but it 's still just a quarter of an inch thick .
Connecting to the upcoming Skiff digital store via Wi-Fi and Sprint 's 3G network , the Skiff Reader will support yet unannounced content partnerships including books , specially focusing on large format print like above - mentioned magazines and newspapers — including " visually appealing layouts , high - resolution graphics , rich typography and dynamic updates . "
And with a screen that 's nearly two inches larger and significantly sharper than even a Kindle DX , the Skiff Reader certainly seems well - positioned for this role — even though it 's still just black and white .
There 's no word on price or availability ( more specific than 2010 ) just yet , but when the Skiff Reader is available , you 'll be picking one up from Sprint .
NEW YORK , January 4th , 2010 - Skiff , LLC and Sprint ( NYSE : S ) today announced that they will preview the Skiff Reader , the first e-reader optimized for newspaper and magazine content , at the 2010 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas later this week .
The Skiff Reader , the initial dedicated device to integrate the upcoming Skiff e-reading service , is remarkably sleek and easy to use .
At just over a quarter - inch in overall height , the device is the thinnest e-reader announced to date .
It features the largest and highest - resolution electronic - paper display yet unveiled in a consumer device , at 11.5 " in size ( measured diagonally ) and a resolution of 1600 x 1200 pixels ( UXGA ) .
A full touchscreen enables users to intuitively navigate and engage with the newspapers , magazines , books and other digital content they purchase through the Skiff Store , as well as personal and work documents .
The device weighs just over one pound and lasts over a week of average use between charges .
" The Skiff Reader 's big screen will showcase print media in compelling new ways , " said Gilbert Fuchsberg , president of Skiff , LLC .
" This is consistent with Skiff 's focus on delivering enhanced reading experiences that engage consumers , publishers and advertisers . "
The Skiff Reader is designed not just for sleekness but also for durability .
It is the first consumer product to feature the next - generation of e-paper display – one based on a thin , flexible sheet of stainless - steel foil .
This contrasts with the fragile glass that is the foundation of almost every electronic screen – and a primary source of vulnerability and breakage risk in the devices that incorporate them .
Skiff has worked closely with LG Display ( NYSE : LPL ) , one of the world 's leading display manufacturers and the innovator of the foil - display technology , to optimize and implement this first - of - its - kind non-glass display uniquely for the Skiff Reader .
Skiff has signed a multi- year agreement with Sprint ( NYSE:S ) to provide 3G connectivity for Skiff 's dedicated e-reading devices in the United States .
Plans are underway to have the Skiff Reader available for purchase later this year in more than 1,000 Sprint retail locations across the U.S. , as well as online at www.sprint.com.
Availability , pricing , additional distribution channels and other details will be disclosed at a later date .
" The forthcoming launch of the Skiff Reader is an exciting development for consumers who are looking for more and more choice in the arena of embedded devices , " said Dan Dooley , president wholesale solutions , Sprint .
" We have witnessed a strong demand for e-readers in recent years and now Sprint is showing its commitment to Skiff by making this new device available on the 3G network and for sale in Sprint retail stores . "
In October 2009 , Sprint announced the formation of its Emerging Solutions Business that focuses exclusively on the rapid delivery of machine - to - machine and mobile computing solutions to businesses and consumers .
Sprint 's partnership with Skiff builds on more than 10 years of experience in working with vendors to provision non-Sprint - branded devices to operate on its networks , as well as extensive expertise in operating multiple platforms and assets .
In addition to 3G , the Skiff Reader will also support wireless connectivity via WiFi .
The Skiff Reader will feature the Skiff service and digital store , allowing consumers to wirelessly purchase and access a wide variety of newspapers , magazines , books , blogs and other content from multiple publishers .
Newspaper and magazine content delivered by Skiff will feature visually appealing layouts , high - resolution graphics , rich typography and dynamic updates , supporting key design qualities that help publications differentiate themselves and attract subscribers and advertisers .
Besides the Skiff Reader , Skiff is working with major consumer electronics manufacturers to integrate Skiff 's service , digital store and client software into a range of innovative devices .
By supporting a variety of devices from multiple manufacturers , and through complementary applications for major smart phone platforms , Skiff will make it easier for publishers to distribute content and advertising across a range of devices and form factors , an increasingly important goal as the e-reading market continues to grow .
While America was kvetching about new security restrictions , and what it would mean for holiday travel , Iran continued its descent into total public chaos for the second time this year .
The first time was in the aftermath of the disputed elections this summer .
According to The Wall Street Journal , the nephew of chief opposition leader Mir Hossain Moussavi has been killed .
The protests -- which coincide with the Iranian festival Ashura ( celebrating martyrdom ) -- brings new uncertainty to the regime .
In a timely , must - read regime critic and Duke professor Ayatollah Mohsen Kadivar predicts the current system is toast -- and that it 's only a matter of time .
Meanwhile , wrenching images and videos are flowing out of the country once again .
The LA Times has culled several interesting videos .
The battle of the sexes is a never - ending war waged within ourselves as male and female elements of our own bodies continually fight each other for supremacy .
This is the astonishing implication of a pioneering study showing that it is possible to flick a genetic switch that turns female ovary cells into male testicular tissue .
For decades , the battle of the sexes has been accepted by biologists as a real phenomenon with males and females competing against each other – when their interests do not coincide – for the continued survival of their genes in the next generation .
Now scientists have been able to show that a gender war is constantly raging between the genes and cells of one individual .
One of the great dogmas of biology is that gender is fixed from birth , determined by the inheritance of certain genes on the X and Y sex chromosomes .
But this simplistic idea has been exploded by the latest study , which demonstrated that fully - developed adult females can undergo a partial sex change following a genetic modification to a single gene .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The findings suggest that being male or female is not a permanently fixed state but something that has to be continually maintained in the adult body by the constant interaction of genes to keep the status quo – and the gender war – from slipping in favour of the opposite sex .
The results could explain some of the great mysteries of human gender , for instance why some women after the menopause develop male characteristics , such as facial hair and deeper voices , or why other people are so unhappy with the gender they were born with that they seek hormone therapy and radical sex - change operations .
Scientists said that the study also contradicted another biological dogma – that the " default " gender is female , with all embryos starting out as female unless they possess a male sex - determining gene .
Although this remains true in terms of how gender is determined in the womb , the latest findings show that it is still possible to convert an adult female 's ovaries into testosterone - producing testes .
The study was carried out on mice but the implications are relevant to humans , the scientists said .
By switching off a gene called FoxL2 , which exists in all mammals , the ovary cells of adult female mice developed spontaneously into the fully developed , testosterone - producing cells found in male testes , although they could not produce sperm .
" We take it for granted that we maintain the sex we are born with , including whether we have testes or ovaries , " said Robin Lovell - Badge , from the Medical Research Council 's National Institute of Medical Research in north London , who was part of the international team led by the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg .
" But this work shows that the activity of a single gene , FoxL2 , is all that prevents adult ovary cells turning into cells found in testes .
If it is possible to make these changes in adult humans , it may eventually remove the need for surgery in gender - reassignment treatment , " Dr Lovell - Badge said .
" If this does become possible , it 's likely that while treated individuals would make the right hormones for their new sex , fertility would be lost .
It 's still very speculative , but it 's possible that this approach could produce an alternative to surgery and the removal of gonads – ovaries and testes .
It 's a little more natural , but of course anyone undergoing such a sex change would be infertile , " he added .
The study , published in the journal Cell , found that the female - promoting FoxL2 gene works by suppressing a male - promoting gene called Sox9 .
In the adult female mice where FoxL2 was artificially switched off , the Sox9 quickly took over , sending chemical signals that converted the ovary 's female cells into the testosterone - producing cells normally found only in the testes .
The female mice produced levels of testosterone normally found in male mice – 100 times higher than the concentrations found in ordinary female mice .
TAMPA - The primates at Lowry Park Zoo enjoyed a special Christmas treat today , but the gifts apparently did not go over well with one of them .
Seconds after a zoo attendant dumped oranges into the Primate World habitat , a chimpanzee grabbed one of the oranges and tossed it into the crowd of onlookers , striking a young girl in the head .
Zoo employees in the crowd rushed to help the girl and called for an ice pack , though the young victim seemed to be more stunned than injured .
A zoo spokeswoman later confirmed that the girl was not hurt and even stayed at the zoo after the incident .
' Alex ' the chimp , meanwhile , was described as a " feisty teenager " who got especially excited after another chimp snatched his present .
Find Quiet Room Channeling out all distractions would be your best place to start , even if that means locking yourself inside the bedroom for numerous hours in preparation .
Many students use essay services to make their life easier .
With only you , your internet access and the desire to pass these exams , you will embark on some quick memory skills designed to strengthen your ability to recall information quickly , and accurate .
One excellent way to handle this is some place like Lumosity , the online brain game resource which assists with strengthening your cortex .
Locate Online Study Groups
Having people lurking over your shoulder does n't help when trying to study for midterm exams ; finding people online who share the affinity of being in solitude to study would work best in your situation .
Online study groups can be located through colleges , high schools and forums which offer both student types .
Typing with people across the country is usually more peaceful than dealing with people constantly in your face about this or that .
The PSP Comic Reader is now in full force .
Its unique Autoflow system allows for a much more dynamic reading of comics , with camera shakes and pans , which can grant the comic ’s creators the ability to place emphasis on the right areas of a panel .
It looks as though there is more in store for comic lovers …
IDW Publishing , one of the major publishers of comics for the PSP Comic Reader , tweeted the following :
“ Editing more audio tracks from @ Templesmith for Wormwood on the PSP . ”
So it appears we can expect to see audio tracks featured in comics in the near future .
This brings digital comics into a new realm , perhaps making them even more engrossing in the process .
How do you feel about this possibility ?
Let us know in the comments .
[ Source / Via ]
Four letter words have a bad rep in our culture and the four - letter - word " diet " is one of the most horrid .
So if we 're going to undertake this Herculean feat , then at least we want it to be as painless as possible and we want the best results we can possibly get .
Hence , these diet reviews that will help anyone decide on the very best plan – for them .
You might wonder , " What is the best weight loss diet ? " but this question is flawed .
Each body is different and our thoughts and emotions are very different so what works for you might be a disaster for me , and vice versa .
Diet Reviews : Fast Weight Loss Plans
Hollywood Celebrity Diet
Fat Burning Furnace Review
New Cabbage Soup Diet
Lemonade Cleansing Diet
Grapefruit Diet
3 Day Diet Plan
Fat Loss For Idiots
Diet Reviews : Popular Fad Diets
Ice Cream Diet
Acai Berry Diet Plan
Subway Diet
Abs Diet Review
Carbohydrate Addict ’s Diet
Special K Diet
The Siegel Cookie Diet : A Skeptical Cookie Diet Review
The Kimkins Diet : A High Protein , Low Carbohydrate Diet Disaster
Slim Fast Review : The Slim Fast Program As A Way To Drop The Pounds
The Protein Power Diet
The Negative Calorie Diet
Popular Fad Diets : Junk Or Miracle ?
The Blood Type Diet : Eat Right For Your Type
Diet Reviews : Healthy Weight Loss Plans
Rice Diet Solution
Fit Yummy Mummy ( about post pregnancy weight loss )
Curves Diet Plan
French Women Don't Get Fat Diet
The Food Doctor Diet
Denise Austin Diet & Workout
Jorge Cruise 3 Hour Diet
The Food Doctor Diet
Dr. Joel Fuhrman Eat To Live Diet
Sonoma Diet
The Bob Greene Best Life Diet
Dr. Joel Fuhrman Eat To Live Diet
The McDougall Program
The Pritkin Program
Diet Reviews : Mental & More …
Cheat Your Way Thin : alternate a fairly strict diet with lots of cheat days !
Body Image Mastery : deal with the mental issues that keep you from losing weight
Are High Protein Low Carb Diets A Good Idea ?
Can a Colon And Body Cleanse Truly Help You Lose Weight ?
Diet Plans That Work
When you think about a diet ( die -t ) do you feel positive or negative ?
I 'm certain that I already know the answer because if you 're reading this , you 're almost certain to have failed at a diet many times in the past .
For most of us ( all of us ? ) :
Diets = S - T-R-U-G-G-L-E
We do n't WANT to go on a diet .
We just think we ' should ' for either reasons of beauty or health .
There is certainly no joy when contemplating a diet .
Bottom line : we do n't want the diet – we just want the results
As soon as you believe you are on a diet you start thinking about someday getting off it – which usually means that the weight comes right back .
What Is The Best Weight Loss Diet For ME ?
Since dieting is n't a happy experience for most of us , then it 's critically important to choose the best weight loss diet for YOU , not for me .
For instance , I do n't like meat and so I do n't eat meat .
Ever .
I noticed that when I ate meat , I did n't feel well .
Here 's how to know if what you 're eating is the best weight loss diet for you … eat your food and set a timer for 45 - 60 minutes .
At that time , notice how your body feels .
Do you feel light and easy ?
Do you notice any distress in your body ( gas ? distended stomach , etc . )
How is your mood ?
If the answers you get are n't good , then change what you 're doing .
Forget " should " .
If your body is n't happy , then what you 're doing is n't right for you .
These diet reviews are written specifically to help you find what will work for you .
Some of us crave fast weight loss plans , while others prefer high protein , low carb plans and others – like me – want high carb plans with lots of plant protein .
Bottom line : if you 're miserable , you wo n't stick with a diet even if it wins an award for The Best Diet Plan On Planet Earth !
TV evangelist Oral Roberts has died at age 91 , a day after he fell at his California home and was hospitalized .
Roberts founded Oral Roberts University in Tulsa , Okla. , in 1963 and served as its president until 1993 .
" Oral Roberts was the greatest man of God I 've ever known , " said his son , Richard Roberts , according to Tulsa TV station KTUL .
" A modern - day apostle of the healing ministry , an author , educator , evangelist , prophet , and innovator , he was the only man of his generation to build a worldwide ministry , an accredited university , and a medical school . "
Learn more about Roberts here .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
Richard Carvath is standing as an independent candidate for Salford and Eccles in the upcoming general election , and he has upset a few people by sharing his views on homosexuality .
On Monday , he wrote a blog entry called , “ Tories select homosexual pervert for Salford and Eccles . ”
Woof !
No messing .
He continues ,
The Conservative Party has just selected homosexual Matthew Sephton as their candidate for Salford and Eccles .
As a rival [ and pro-heterosexual ! ] candidate I welcome Matthew to the contest for Salford and Eccles .
Matthew ’s own blog is heavy with pro homosexual pervert content : see here , here and here … .
I very much doubt that the vast majority of the Salford and Eccles electorate will want to be represented by a prominent homosexual activist – and one who neither lives nor works in the constituency .
The following day , he received a letter from the local constabulary ,
“ Richard Carvath
We have received a complaint today regarding concerns over the content of your blog article dated Monday 7th December 2009 .
A reader of your article has made a complaint that the content is offensive and feels strongly enough to report this matter to the police .
He wishes for you to be advised over the potential alarm and distress caused by your article .
Whilst not taking this at face value and understanding the meaning of language and how it can be misinterpreted , it could be argued that the context of the comments made could be construed to be borderline criminal .
At this stage I feel it would be advisable for you to remove this from your blog thereby preventing misinterpretation .
Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated .
… Regards PC2401 Jacky Thompson . ”
So , the police are now ‘ advising ’ people to take down blog posts if someone does n’t like them .
Thankfully , Mr. Carvath told them a few home truths .
“ Dear PC Thompson , Thank you for your email .
There is nothing criminal about my blog article and so I have no intention of removing it for the foreseeable future .
Well exactly , but in a dictatorship , truth gets censored .
Homosexuality is a perversion : that is both moral truth and medical fact .
Therefore it is quite reasonable for me to refer to a person in whom the perversion of homosexuality is manifest as a homosexual pervert .
Let me make it clear that I do not use the term ‘ homosexual pervert ’ as a pejorative term – derogation is not my motive in using the term ; I use the term simply to convey the true nature of what homosexuality is because I believe that the truth matters .
He explains a very important distinction here , and one which seems to escape many people .
I ’m aware that you are employed by an organisation [ GMP ] which is politically in favour of homosexual perversion .
I ’m aware that GMP celebrates its association with the militant perverts ’ organisation Stonewall .
I ’m aware of the secular humanist socio-political orthodoxy of ‘ equality ’ and ‘ diversity ’ which GMP panders to .
Ca n’t argue with any of that .
My advice to you is to stop being a social engineer trying to suppress free speech and get on with genuine police work .
Hear , hear !
It is not a crime to criticise homosexuality and nor is it a crime to refer to a public gay political activist as a homosexual pervert .
Even if it were a crime I ’m a British evangelical Christian so nothing and nobody is going to tell me what I can and ca n’t say in my own country .
As a Christian I speak and act out of love – not hate – so my motive for referring to homosexuality as a perversion is love .
My advice to you is to get on with dealing with real crime like robbery , rape and murder and stop trying to suppress free speech .
Never has there been clearer proof of the vital importance of the Waddington free speech safeguard !
Absolutely .
Most of the replies left on his blog seem to be from angry heterosexuals .
Perhaps Mr Carvath ’s strength and honesty of language has made folks ’ brains go into meltdown .
I left this comment myself ,
These comments from heterosexuals go to show how well they have been trained by the media .
How has this been achieved ?
Read the blueprint from the USA .
“ The first order of business is desensitization of the American public concerning gays and gay rights . ”
“ Talk about gays and gayness as loudly and as often as possible .
The principle behind this advice is simple : almost any behavior begins to look normal if you are exposed to enough of it at close quarters and among your acquaintances . ”
“ Portray gays as victims , not as aggressive challengers .
In any campaign to win over the public , gays must be cast as victims in need of protection so that straights will be inclined by reflex to assume the role of protector .
If gays are presented , instead , as a strong and prideful tribe promoting a rigidly nonconformist and deviant lifestyle , they are more likely to be seem as a public menace that justifies resistance and oppression . ”
Homosexuals do n’t want their lifestyle criticised .
Fair enough , I suppose .
None of us likes being disagreed with , especially while we are entrenched in sin , but nobody is infallible and beyond criticism .
Furthermore , everyone has the right to call a spade a spade .
Just like the messages left on Mr Carvath ’s blog and the Pink News website , where personal criticism of him and his faith are rife .
But then , over the past few years we have come to expect some people to believe they are more equal than others .
Someone called Jeff Duncan even reported Mr Carvath to the police again via a police website and urged others to follow , saying ,
Hiss [ sic ] vile homophobic hate remarks have STILL not been removed .
What these people should realise , and be very thankful for , is that we live in a society that does tolerate differences of opinion .
Those who claimed to be persecuted are now the persecutors .
They have become that strong and prideful tribe .
Normally the birth of a child is a moment of pure celebration .
Not for me .
When my lovely daughter Elsa was born ( our third child ) I had to justify her very existence .
Her birth came half - way through my year of carbon cutting as the BBC's Ethical Man so my family life was under intense scrutiny .
I discovered that lots of people ( who I am sure are very pleasant in their everyday lives ) believe very strongly that the world is already full , and new Elsas are simply not welcome .
So is the burgeoning human population really the cause of our climate crisis ?
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
It is easy to see why so many people believe that it is .
People are responsible for greenhouse gas pollution , so - the argument runs - the more of them there are , the more damage they will do .
One reader of my blog last week asserted that " the human population could do with a good 25 % knocked out . "
He goes on to suggest that we should : " restrict every woman to a single pregnancy , once she has had that then sterilize her , restrict every man to causing a single pregnancy , after that castrate him , stop ALL forms of artificial preganancy ( test tube etc . )
This way we will reduce the population - and quite quickly . "
Strong stuff !
But it is certainly true that for the last couple of centuries population growth has been inextricably linked with the use of fossil fuels .
Indeed , the big mistake made by the original prophet of population doom , Thomas Malthus , was his failure to appreciate how fossil fuels would transform the world economy .
To be fair , it would have been hard to foresee , back in 1798 , how industrialisation - powered by fossil fuels - would create the vast agricultural surpluses that would sustain a huge increase in population .
But his mistake points to the real culprit here : the problem is pollution not people .
Why ?
If we were to successfully " decarbonise " our economies then - in terms of the climate at least - the vast human population would not be a problem .
But that is a big " if " .
The distinctly lacklustre deal at Copenhagen suggests that the world is n't going to reduce greenhouse gas emissions anywhere near as quickly as the science says is necessary .
And the population is rising .
You 'll find no shortage of frightening statistics at the website of the new Malthusians at the Optimum Population Trust , which campaigns to reduce population .
It details how world population is expected to swell from 6.8 billion this year to 9.1 billion in 2050 .
But with the New Year looming let 's not dwell just on the negatives .
The OPT 's forecasts stop in 2050 and there may be a good reason for that .
After 2050 it is expected is that world population will stabilise and then , very gradually , begin to reduce .
That 's because there has been a dramatic fall in fertility worldwide .
The key figure in population statistics is 2.1 .
That 's what is called the " replacement rate " , the number of children per couple that would keep the population stable .
Any higher than 2.1 and the population will rise , any lower and it will fall .
As recently as the 1970s only 24 countries - all of them rich - had fertility rates of 2.1 or below .
Within the next few years the fertility rate of half the world will be 2.1 or less and will include countries like Brazil , Indonesia , China and even South India .
Sometime between 2020 and 2050 the world 's fertility rate will fall below 2.1 , at which point the long term trend will be downwards .
So while we undoubtedly face a population explosion now , pressure will ease over time .
And away from the queues and chaos of Copenhagen there is cause for optimism about the world 's move towards a low - carbon economy .
On my travels around America earlier this year , I saw all sorts of exciting developments - technological breakthroughs , vast investment in renewable technologies , and a growing army of climate activists with friends in the highest places .
But the most inspiring thing of all was the sense that many Americans realise that a low - carbon energy revolution could be the key to America 's future prosperity , kick - starting the American economy .
And , despite its obstructive position in Denmark , China also recognises the huge potential market of sustainable technologies too - make no mistake about that .
The country is also investing billions trying to steal a march on the rest of the world .
Indeed , the coming decade should see an international race to develop the world - beating sustainable technologies .
The question now is whether these two trends - the move to a low - carbon economy and falling fertility - will happen fast enough .
But there is a further factor to consider when assessing how ethical it was to have Elsa .
Another commenter on my blog last week , Krupt , hits the nail on the head when he writes " 20 % of the worlds population consumes 86 % of the world products and food .
Bon appetite . "
It 's a theme George Monbiot explores here .
" To suggest " , he concludes , " as many of my correspondents do , that population growth is largely responsible for the ecological crisis is to blame the poor for the excesses of the rich . "
Which , unfortunately , still does n't get me off the hook .
A car accident may be the last thought on someone ’s mind when leaving work or heading to the grocery store .
However , if an accident occurs , vehicle damage , insurance claims , and the car occupants ’ safety become very important .
Accidents are unpredictable and overwhelming , but The Law Offices of G. Wayne Van Bibber & Associates can help accident victims seek compensation for the injuries a negligent driver caused .
Drivers have a duty to use reasonable care when driving .
In other words , drivers must exercise caution and be safe when sharing the roadway .
When a car accident occurs , it is may be due to another driver ’s negligence .
Negligence is determined by the general expectations of driving behavior from a responsible driver in a similar circumstance .
Some common causes of car accidents in Charleston or Huntington West Virginia include driving while on drugs or intoxicated , driving without a license , failing to stop at a red light , and failing to follow a leading car at a safe distance .
Regardless of the circumstances , if you have been injured in a car accident , seek legal advice from an experienced car accident attorney in Charleston or Hurricane West Virginia .
The attorneys at The Law Offices of G. Wayne Van Bibber & Associates are well versed in traffic law , and possess the skill to navigate each car accident case ’s complexities .
If an accident has occurred , The Law Offices of G. Wayne Van Bibber & Associates , at both our Charleston or Hurricane locations is here to protect the victim ’s rights .
MOTORCYCLE ACCIDENTS
Motorcyclists have a responsibility to themselves to wear helmets when operating a motorcycle on the road .
However , even when legal and protective measures have been taken to ensure safe riding , accidents can happen .
An accident ’s details can be skewed depending on the circumstances in which the accident occurred .
Thus , it is advisable for a motorcycle accident victim to obtain legal advice from an experienced attorney familiar with West Virginia motorcycle and motor vehicle laws before speaking with anyone , especially the other driver ’s insurance company .
Results of a motorcycle accident can be catastrophic due to the driver ’s vulnerability .
All drivers must be observant and exercise caution when sharing the roadway with other vehicles .
Head - on collisions between motorcycles and other vehicles often result in severe physical injuries , and , in some cases , fatalities , simply because of the lack of added protection a car offers .
Common causes of motorcycle accidents include distracted driving , driving while intoxicated , colliding with a motorcycle during a left - hand turn , unexpected lane - splitting , and reckless driving in hazardous driving conditions .
If a motorcycle accident results in physical injury , a personal injury lawyer can help the victim seek compensation for medical expenses , pain and suffering , and other damages .
The Law Offices of G. Wayne Van Bibber & Associates , at both our Charleston or Hurricane locations know West Virginia law relevant in motorcycle accident cases , and can provide a consultation regarding the individual aspects of each motorcycle wreck victim ’s case .
by
Very very impressive 3d business card with augmented reality
At first glance this appears to be a CGI post process .
AR Business Card
AR Business Card from James Alliban on Vimeo .
Video from a previous AR project
AR Particle Beam
AR Particle Beam from James Alliban on Vimeo . more infos about this project via jamesalliban.wordpress.com/2009/04/14/ar-particle-beam/ and via augmented reality competition on the Papervision forum .
I ’ve used 3D lighting techniques and physics here to create this beam of light surrounded by strange celestial light particles .
Inspiration via Adobe John Nack
Mobile Phone Augmented Reality on a Business Card
Here is an interesting comment via @vimeo
“ Nice work on the video textures .
The best looking AR businesscard I ’ve seen .
You may also like Daniel Wagners AR BusinessCard .
AR is done on a mobile phone with his proprietary StudierStube tracker .
It uses any image on the card rather than the black - and - white ( FL ) ARToolKit Markers you ’re using :
youtube.com/watch?v=RHsiZtQi8-w
A few months ago , using all open code , I did a vaguely similar thing to Daniel – augmenting a standard , found postcard with video :
vimeo.com/3957693 “ via Julian Oliver
Is this real ?
Could you send me such a card ?
Williams was furious with the line judge after being called for a foot - fault Serena Williams has been fined and given a suspended two - year ban from the US Open for her tirade at a line judge at Flushing Meadows .
The world number one verbally abused an official after a foot - fault call which gave Kim Clijsters a match point in their semi-final this year .
" I am thankful that we now have closure on the incident , " said Williams .
The 28 - year - old will incur the ban if she commits any further " major offence " before the end of 2011 .
If she is found to have breached the ruling by the International Tennis Federation 's Grand Slam committee , her fine will also double to £ 106,000 .
After the match in September , Williams was fined £ 6,000 , which has been included in the latest penalty of £ 53,000 .
The fine , a quarter of the £ 212,000 Williams received for reaching the semi-finals , still tops the previous highest Grand Slam fine of £ 38,000 given to Jeff Tarango in 1995 .
After the incident , Williams released an initial statement which did not include a straight apology , but later said she wanted to " sincerely apologise " for her behaviour .
606 : DEBATE
The fine is still fairly lenient - but a ban suspended for that long is a much better message to send out
Biscuits " I need to make it clear to all young people that I handled myself inappropriately , " she said .
" It 's not the way to act - win or lose , good call or bad call in any sport , in any manner . "
The International Tennis Federation 's Grand Slam Committee met last week to agree on a punishment .
It found her guilty of " the Grand Slam major offence of aggravated behaviour " .
Williams was trailing 6 - 4 6 - 5 and serving at 15 - 30 when the baseline judge called a foot - fault on a second serve .
That prompted the American to walk over to the official , using her racquet to gesture angrily as she verbally abused her .
The official reported what she had heard to the umpire , and Williams , who had earlier been warned for racquet abuse , was eventually given a point penalty - handing Clijsters the match .
The United States Tennis Association agreed with the punishment levied by the ITF .
" As a voting member of the Grand Slam Committee , the USTA agrees with the additional penalties levied against Serena Williams , " it said in a statement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Born to be behind a bench , Dave King did n't have to ponder the question ' Retirement on coaching ? ' long when the Phoenix Coyotes offered an assistant coaching post .
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
To hell with Japan , we have already had our lost decade — or at least so says the Washington Post .
And , it was more than just the stock market that lost ground over the past 10 years :
• Job growth was essentially zero ;
• Economic output ( GDP ) was weak .
• Household net worth ( inflation adjusted ) fell as stock prices stagnated ;
• Home prices declined in the second half of the decade
• Consumer debt skyrocketed .
Here is how the 2000 ’s compared with a few other decades :
click for larger graphic
>
Source :
The lost decade for the economy
NEIL IRWIN , CRISTINA RIVERO AND TODD LINDEMAN
Washington Post , January 1 , 2010
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/graphic/2010/01/01/GR2010010101478.html
Aughts were a lost decade for U.S. economy , workers
Neil Irwin
Washington Post , January 2 , 2010
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/01/01/AR2010010101196.html
This is a sort - of interlude to my regular compiler series .
The goal is to give a brief overview of some techniques for implementing closures in a programming language .
I will use C for my examples , mostly because it's low level enough that a further translation to assembler etc. is straight forward , and many compilers target C directly anyway .
Before we start , most of the code examples in this post are available in this Gist so you do n't need to cut and paste bits and pieces ( which wo n't work anyway , as the text below will omit details such as header includes )
A closure ) is in it 's simplest form a block of code that can be passed around as a value , and that can reference variables in the scope it was created in even after exiting from that scope .
( For a more formal description look at the Wikipedia page linked above )
A Ruby block forms a closure , for example :
def foo x printf " x is %d
" , x lambda do x += 1 printf " block : x is %d
" , x end end c = foo ( 5 ) c . call c .
call
Every time foo is called it will return a closure that has access to the x that was passed in to foo .
In the example , x will start out at 5 and get incremented to 7 .
The most important implication of this is that any variables used in the closure must be guaranteed to live as long as the closure does .
We 'll get back to this example throughout this article .
There are a number of ways of handling this , for example :
Instead of a traditional stack , put activation frames ( arguments and local variables ) for function / method calls on the heap , as a linked list .
When creating a closure , you just keep a reference to it .
When returning from a function you unlink the frame from the ones below .
Presto , the gc handles the remaining dirty details .
Some variations of this is called a spaghetti stack
Rewriting .
You can rewrite any function that may create a closure to create a separate heap allocated environment , and to copy / locate all arguments and variables that may be reused into it .
The environment can safely be returned with the closure .
Copy .
You can copy the current activation frame into a separate closure environment when returning the closure , ensure the closure refers to the variables via a reference , that is replaced with a references to the environment copy .
More ?
Probably ...
Each of these have advantages and disadvantages .
We 're going to look at the rewriting method mainly , though most of what you find below also apply to the copying method .
These methods are pretty similar - they both involve returning a pointer to the function implementing the code in the closure combined with a pointer to the data in the closure .
The difference lies in how that data is accessed .
The rewriting approach creates the closure environment as early as possible , and changes the surrounding function to refer to that environment .
It incures the closure creation cost whenever the closure generating function is created , but since local variables are initialized straight into the environment it avoids later copying .
The copy approach delays the creation of the closure environment as much as possible , and then copies the data .
It can avoid unnecessary creation cost if there are paths that do n't lead to creation of a closure , but when the creation happens , it needs to handle full copying of any objects or object references involved , which may be more expensive .
For both of these methods , care must be taken to create a single environment for any set of closures created during the same execution of the function that creates the closures .
" Fat pointers " , objects and thunks
When returning a closure we also need to be able to pass along the environment .
As it turns out , there are a number of ways of handling this :
We can create a " fat pointer " .
I.e. instead of passing around only the address to the code , we also pass around a pointer to the environment , and it is the callers responsibility to load that address onto the stack or into a register so the code can get at it .
We can turn the closure into an object , like Ruby 's Proc , and simply treat the variables used as instance variables of that object .
, and simply treat the variables used as instance variables of that object .
We can create our own half - assed almost object by storing the function pointer in the environment .
We can create a " thunk " on the fly - a small piece of code that will load the address of the environment and jump straight into the real code - and return that instead of a pointer to the real code of the closure .
The major downside here is that it requires turning off protection against executing code from the heap .
The " fat pointer " approach is simple but involves more work at every call site , and doubles the size of the data that is passed around .
Turning it into an object is simple , and for my Ruby compiler it 's even necessary a lot of the time since most of the time when you handle blocks in Ruby , you 'll actually get a Proc object .
But it has the full overhead of method dispatch .
The " half - assed object " approach still requires each call site to do a little bit more work , but less than the fat pointer approach .
It also does n't require additional data to be passed around ( the function pointer is stored in the environment instead of copied around )
Creating a " thunk " also has overhead , but is n't as scary as it may sound - the code to create is very simple , and really it consists of copying a few bytes around .
We 'll start with a " sort of " object , and then take a look at the thunk approach .
Simulating the rewriting method in C
closures - basic.c
C lacks pretty much everything that could make this convenient and easy , so it really lays the implementation bare , for better or worse .
First , let 's create a structure to hold the function pointer and environment :
struct closure { void ( * call ) ( struct closure *) ; int x ; } ;
If we had more local variables in foo , we 'd add them to this structure .
Then we need to create a function with the code for the lambda block :
void block ( struct closure * env ) { env->x += 1 ; printf ( " block : x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; }
Finally we can implement foo :
struct closure * foo( int x ) { struct closure * closure = ( struct closure *) malloc ( sizeof ( struct closure ) ) ; closure ->x = x ; printf ( " x is %d
" , closure - >x ) ; closure -> call = █ return closure ; }
[ ERRATA : The above previously used malloc ( sizeof ( struct closure *) ) , which caused it to overwrite memory it should n't ....
Thanks to Soeren Neubeck for pointing this out - it took 7 years after the article was posted for someone to spot it ]
Ewww ..
A couple of observations :
If we want to be able to return multiple closures ( say , an array of them ) , the variables needs to be acessed via one more indirection , which makes this even more disgustingly convoluted .
It 's also annoying , because it means lots of extra overhead in order to handle a situation that might very well never arise .
If the language requires supporting multiple closures ( like Ruby ) , a compiler could support both approaches to optimize - adding the cost of the extra redirection only :
when more than one closure can potentially be returned at the same time .
when those closures need access to the same variables .
For an example of these restrictions , consider :
def foo x a = 1 b = 2 if x return lambda { a += 1 } else return lambda { b += 1 } end end
First of all , this function is guaranteed to only return one lambda at the time , so applying that rule , we can just assing the appropriate function pointer to the call member variable , and do away with the extra indirection .
Secondly , even if we decide to return both of them at the same time , they are guaranteed to never access the same variables , so we could instead create two distinct closure environments , and still avoid the extra indirection .
But let 's take a look at the complete example with the extra indirection anyway , as a worst case scenario :
Indirection hell
closures - indirection.c
First we create an environment for the free variables we wish to " capture " :
struct env { int x ; } ;
Our modified closure structure holds a pointer to it , instead of holding the variables :
struct closure { void ( * call ) ( struct env *) ; struct env * env ; } ;
The block takes a pointer to the environment :
void block ( struct env * env ) { env->x += 1 ; printf ( " block : x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; }
And the closure function itself needs to first allocate the environment , and then the closure :
struct closure * foo( int x ) { struct env * env = ( struct env *) malloc( sizeof ( struct env ) ) ; env->x = x ; printf ( " x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; struct closure * closure = ( struct closure *) malloc ( sizeof ( struct closure ) ) ; closure - > env = env ; closure -> call = block ; return closure ; }
Finally we call it with the env :
int main ( ) { struct closure * c = foo ( 5 ) ; c->call(c->env ) ; c->call(c->env ) ; }
Fat pointers
The example above is actually really simple to use to illustrate the fat pointer approach .
Instead of returning a pointer to the closure object , we simply return the object itself :
closures - fatptr.c
struct closure foo( int x ) { struct env * env = ( struct env *) malloc( sizeof ( struct env ) ) ; env->x = x ; printf ( " x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; struct closure closure ; closure.env = env ; closure .
call = block ; return closure ; } int main ( ) { struct closure c = foo ( 5 ) ; c.call( c.env ) ; c.call( c.env ) ; }
As you can see it makes some things simpler ( no need for the second memory allocation step ) .
Variable substitution
An optimization worth keeping in mind is variable substitution .
In cases where it can be guaranteed that the variables in question keeps the same value , the need for a separate environment may go away if variables are substituted for their values in the closures body .
Furthermore , if the variables can be guaranteed not to change in any closure returned from the function , then whether or not the variable changes in the function outside the closures , the closures may keep separate environments ( and hence do the optimization to avoid indirection ) with copies of the variables in question .
Of course this would require the function to carry out any updates once for each generated closure .
( you might have spotted here one of the advantages for functional languages with little or no mutation of variables - they have a lot fewer issues to worry about with respect to sharing of viarable state )
Moving on to thunks
closures - thunks .c
Now that we have the basics down , how do we return just a " plain " function pointer , so we can simplify the call sites ?
What we want to create is something like the code below .
Note that we take a shortcut and do n't create a proper stack frame - this kind of thing can easily confuse gdb and other debuggers , which is not necessarily very nice .
The thunk below also does not directly allow passing any arguments to the block - if we wanted to do that it gets hairier , since we 'd need to manipulate the parameters passed , while the caller does n't know we 've altered the size of the parameter space set aside .
In a compiler this would likely be solved by making either the caller or callee aware that it's a closure call , and adjusting the stack accordingly separate from the thunk .
Of course , the downside of using asm here is that it 's architecture specific , and the code to generate the thunk will need to be modified accordingly to port the code , but then if you do this in a compiler that is outputting native assembly , you have to do that anyway .
my_closure_instance : pushl $ my_environment ;
Push the environment onto the stack as the first arg call $ the_block ; Go to the real code addl $ 4 , %esp ; Throw the environment pointer away ret ; Return to the caller
Putting some arbitrary values in there , and assembling it with gcc / gas , and then doing objdump - D to the resulting binary gives this ( and other bits and pieces I 've cut - use the - nostdlib option to avoid dealing with a bunch of initialization code ) :
08048055 : 8048055 : 68 00 08 af 2f push $ 0x2faf0800 804805a : e8 00 00 00 00 call 804805 f 804805f : 83 c4 04 add $ 0x4 , %esp 8048062 : c3 ret
This shows us the values to put in our thunk .
Couple of observations :
The push is just followed by the address itself , but the call uses an offset from the first byte of the following instruction .
This approach of using structs to generate the thunk , I 've blatantly stolen from Joe Damato because I like how it makes the code that manipulates the thunk more readable :
struct __attribute__( ( packed ) ) thunk { unsigned char push_op ; void * env_addr ; unsigned char call_op ; signed long call_offset ; unsigned char add_esp_ops [ 3 ] ; unsigned char ret_op ; } ; struct thunk default_thunk = { 0x68 , 0 , 0xe8 , 0 , {0x83 , 0xc4 , 0x04} , 0xc3} ;
( the __attribute__ stuff is the gcc specific way of avoiding padding for alignement )
We change the rest like this :
typedef void ( * cfunc ) ( ) ; cfunc foo ( int x ) { struct env * env = ( struct env *) malloc ( sizeof ( struct env ) ) ; env->x = x ; printf ( " x is %d
" , env - >x ) ; struct thunk * thunk = ( struct thunk *) mmap ( 0 , sizeof ( struct thunk ) , PROT_WRITE | PROT_EXEC , MAP_PRIVATE | MAP_ANONYMOUS , - 1 , 0 ) ; * thunk = default_thunk ; thunk -> env_addr = env ; thunk -> call_offset = ( void *) &block - ( void *) &thunk ->add_esp[0 ] ; // Pretty !
mprotect ( thunk , sizeof ( struct thunk ) , PROT_EXEC ) ; return ( cfunc ) thunk ; }
The typedef is a workaround for C's absolutely atrocious ptr-to - function declarations ...
The interesting bit is at the end where we allocate the thunk , and fill in the addresses
Then we cast the thunk data structure to a function pointer .
That ought to make you feel dirty , and a bit queasy .
It 's ok , though .
We use mmap to avoid problems on systems with executable heaps turned off ( execshield etc. that wil cause a segmentation fault if you try to execute code in malloc ( ) 'd memory or on the stack ) , and the mprotect ( ) turns off write access to the page after we 're done .
For a production approach you may want a dedicated allocation function to properly manage this and perhaps avoid doing a separate mmap for every thunk created .
All of this could really be wrapped up into a nice generic function .
Something like this :
struct thunk * make_thunk ( struct env * env , void * code ) { struct thunk * thunk = ( struct thunk *) mmap ( 0 , sizeof ( struct thunk ) , PROT_WRITE | PROT_EXEC , MAP_PRIVATE | MAP_ANONYMOUS , - 1 , 0 ) ; * thunk = default_thunk ; thunk -> env_addr = env ; thunk ->call_offset = code - ( void *) &thunk ->add_esp[0 ] ; // Pretty !
mprotect ( thunk , sizeof ( struct thunk ) , PROT_EXEC ) ; return thunk ; }
Finally , this makes our main function look like this :
int main ( ) { cfunc c = foo ( 5 ) ; c( ) ; c( ) ; }
Now that 's nicer ...
Since this is already gcc / Linux / x86 - 32 specific , it can be made even nicer .
gcc supports inner functions , and with a tiny bit of restructuring and a couple of macros I did this , mostly for fun to see how close to a " natural " syntax for closures I could get in C without changing the compiler :
# define initenv( __vars__ ) struct env { __vars__ ; } * env = ( struct env *)malloc( sizeof ( struct env ) ) ; # define new_closure ( __block__ ) ( closure ) make_thunk ( env, &__block__ ) closure foo ( int x ) { initenv ( int x ) env->x = x ; printf ( " x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; void block ( struct env * env ) { env->x += 1 ; printf ( " block : x is %d
" , env ->x ) ; } return new_closure ( block ) ; }
I 'll still stick to Ruby ...
Some parting comments
I wrote this while exploring various approaches to add closure support to my Ruby compiler .
I have n't quite made up my mind yet .
The object approach is tempting because Ruby already has the Proc class , but I 'll probably go for an environment + fat pointer approach that will be converted into a Proc object if assigned to anything ( as opposed to just used for yield )
The credit problems of a unit of Dubai 's state - owned investment company have given financial markets a scare , but put us down as thinking the event is left - over business from the mid-decade mania more than it is a sign of immediate new economic troubles .
On the other hand , the city - state clearly got carried away during the boom , and its property market in particular became a bubble as overbought as condos on the Las Vegas strip .
In the wake of Wednesday 's request for a debt holiday , investors immediately put on their post - Lehman Brothers " contagion " hats and fled for safety .
The otherwise sickly dollar rallied , while gold , oil and stock markets world - wide all fell .
Nevermind that no one could say who except the creditors of Dubai World 's real estate subsidiary would be harmed by the request for an interest - payment moratorium .
European banks have nearly $ 84 billion in exposure to all of the United Arab Emirates , of which Dubai is merely one , while U.S. banks seem less vulnerable .
Stocks in particular have had an historic rally since March , and the Dubai debt blowup may have been the excuse investors needed to pocket some of their winnings and protect against a correction .
Arsenal are expected to sign Sol Campbell on a short - term deal after he featured for the reserves on Tuesday night .
Defender to face West Ham reserves at Upton Park
Arsenal are expected to sign Sol Campbell on a short - term deal after he featured for the reserves on Tuesday night .
The 35 - year - old is currently without a club after leaving League Two side Notts County last year , having played just one game for the Magpies .
Campbell has been training with Arsenal since leaving County and he is believed to have impressed Gunners boss Arsene Wenger .
Wenger refused to rule out a move for Campbell last week after reports first emerged of a possible move back to Arsenal .
Campbell 's likely return has moved a step closer after he played 45 minutes for Arsenal 's second string in the 4 - 2 win against West Ham at Upton Park .
A short statement on the club 's official website said : " Tonight 's reserve team to face West Ham United at Upton Park features Sol Campbell , who plays on a Reserve League registration , with a view to a permanent move back to Arsenal Football Club . "
Campbell , who had a five - year spell with the Gunners between 2001 and 2006 , has been linked with a number of clubs since his acrimonious departure from Notts County , but it appears he is set to make a shock return to North London .
HOUSTON ( AP ) 
A federal jury on Friday awarded more than $ 100 million to 10 workers who claimed they were injured in 2007 when a toxic substance was released at BP ’s Texas City plant .
The jurors in Galveston , about 50 miles southeast of Houston , gave each contract worker $ 10 million in punitive damages .
Nine of the workers also were awarded $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 for pain and suffering and medical expenses , while the 10th got more than $ 240,000 .
The verdict came after a day and a half of deliberations after a three - week trial .
In a statement , BP denied it had harmed any of the workers .
“ We are shocked and outraged by today ’s verdict , and we will appeal , ” BP said .
“ The verdict , and punitive damages award in particular , is utterly unjustified , improper and unsupportable . ”
A blog that 's not about magic and not about coffee .
$ \begingroup $
The most immediately obvious relation to category theory is that we have a category consisting of types as objects and functions as arrows .
We have identity functions and can compose functions with the usual axioms holding ( with various caveats ) .
That 's just the starting point .
One place where it starts getting deeper is when you consider polymorphic functions .
A polymorphic function is essentially a family of functions , parameterised by types .
Or categorically , a family of arrows , parameterised by objects .
This is similar to what a natural transformation is .
By introducing some reasonable restrictions we find that a large class of polymorphic functions are in fact natural transformations and lots of category theory now applies .
The standard examples to give here are the free theorems .
Category theory also meshes nicely with the notion of an ' interface ' in programming .
Category theory encourages us not to look at what an object is made of , but how it interacts with other objects , and itself .
By separating an interface from an implementation a programmer does n't need to know anything about the implementation .
Similarly category theory encourages us to think about objects up to isomorphism - it does n't precisely proclaim which sets our groups comprise , it just matters what the operations on our groups are .
Category theory precisely captures this notion of interface .
There is also a beautiful relationship between pure typed lambda calculus and cartesian closed categories ( CCC ) .
Any expression in the lambda calculus can be interpreted as the composition of the standard functions that come with a CCC : like the projection onto the factors of a product , or the evaluation of a function .
So lambda expressions can be interpreted as applying to any CCC .
In other words , lambda calculus is an internal language for CCCs .
This is explicated in Lambek and Scott .
This means for instance that the theory of CCCs is deeply embedded in Haskell , because Haskell is essentially pure typed lambda calculus with a bunch of extensions .
Another example is the way structural recursion over recursive datatypes can be nicely described in terms of initial objects in categories of F - algebras .
You can find some details here .
And one last example : dualising ( in the categorical sense ) definitions turns out to be very useful in the programming languages world .
For example , in the previous paragraph I mentioned structural recursion .
Dualising this gives the notions of F - coalgebras and guarded recursion and leads to a nice way to work with ' infinite ' data types such as streams .
Working with streams is tricky because how do you guard against inadvertently trying to walk the entire length of a stream causing an infinite loop ?
The appropriate dual of structural recursion leads to a powerful way to deal with streams that is guaranteed to be well behaved .
Bart Jacobs , for example , has many nice papers in this area .
Since Joe simply lies when it suits his purpose , maybe his " devout " Judaism is more of a convenient fundraising accessory , something to enhance his shtick of being a " pious " man who upholds " morality , " more than a matter of integrity .
Because his recent actions certainly does n't seem to agree with the basic tenets of Judaism .
Maybe that 's why Israel itself has socialized health care - that we subsidize :
Washington —
On a recent Saturday afternoon , after completing his Sabbath morning prayers , Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut braved a four - mile , snowy walk to the Capitol building from his Georgetown synagogue .
“ I have a responsibility to my constituents , really to my conscience , to be here on something as important as health care reform , ” Lieberman told the congressional newspaper The Hill , describing his wish to combine his Jewish beliefs with his duties as a lawmaker .
By walking to a special Saturday Senate debate on health care reform , Lieberman was complying with the traditional religious ban against driving during the Sabbath .
But Lieberman ’s many critics in the Jewish community claim that the Connecticut independent is missing the broader Jewish concern .
Well , yes .
This is exactly the kind of pious showboating Joe likes to substitute for actual faith .
The United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism released a statement back in 1993 on Judaism and Health Care Reform , in which they pointed out the thinking behind their stand :
It is a positive commandment to save the life of a person in danger from illness .
This duty falls under the general obligation of saving life , which is grounded in a number of biblical verses , including " Thou shalt not stand idly by the blood of your fellow , " ( Lev. 19:16 ) " And your fellow shall live by your side , " ( Lev. 25:36 ) , and " You shall restore it [ in this case , life ] to him " ( Deut. 22:2 ) .
So great is the mitzvah of saving life , that nearly all other religious obligations are subordinated to it : we violate the Sabbath to save a person 's life ( Pikuah nefesh doha et ha- shabbat , Yoma 85 b ) , and there is a general principle in Jewish law that danger to life and health is of greater religious concern than ritual matters ( Hamirah sakanta mi'issura , Hullin 10a ) .
Tzedaka -- Communal Obligations to Meeting Basic Human Needs : Just as the Jewish community recognizes an obligation to provide for such basic needs as food , clothing , and shelter through the collection and distribution of communal funds , so , too , have Jews insisted that no person be denied access to health care on account of inability to pay .
While physicians are not required to provide their services for free ( " A physician who takes nothing is worth nothing " -- Baba Kamma 85a ) , communal subsidies matched by reduced rates for poor patients have been the norm .
[ Shulhan Arukh , Yoreh Deah 249:16 ; see also Responsa Ramat Rahel of Rabbi Eliezer Y. Waldenberg , sections 24 - 25 ]
Yes , Joe .
It 's about saving lives .
Danger to life and health is more important than ritual matters .
But then again , it seems like you 're more concerned with making yourself look " religious . "
Shame on you for using your faith as a protective cover for hardball corporate politics .
“ Health care reform is the key moral issue facing the country right now , ” said one of those critics , Rabbi Charles Arian of Beth Jacob Synagogue in Norwich , Conn .
“ I will be personally disappointed if it stops dead in its tracks because Senator Lieberman invokes a filibuster . ”
Lieberman has vowed to vote against ending a Republican filibuster of the health care reform bill that the Senate is now debating if it includes a government - run insurance program .
Due to the Senate ’s current balance of forces , that would effectively kill a historic effort to reform the country ’s ramshackle health insurance system , which now excludes millions of people from obtaining health coverage . [...]
Lieberman ’s threat is being met with harsh criticism within the Jewish community in Connecticut , where public - opinion surveys show that strong general majorities support a government - sponsored insurance option .
Widely seen as the key domestic cause for American Jews right now , health care reform has several national Jewish groups actively lobbying for it .
Among them is Jewish Federations of North America , the umbrella organization for the nation ’s local Jewish philanthropic federations , which are deeply involved in funding health care .
But national Jewish organizations are not , by and large , focusing on Lieberman .
It 's time they start , because he 's the main stumbling block .
From the Hartford Courant last week :
A group of religious leaders is still trying to sway U.S. Sen .
Joseph Lieberman to drop his opposition to government run health insurance , also known as public option .
They drew hundreds of supporters to a candlelight vigil outside the senator 's Stamford home last month .
Nine days later , they gathered outside his Hartford office and delivered hundreds of prayers for health reform with a public option , written by supporters , to Lieberman 's staff .
Leaders of the group , called the Interfaith Fellowship for Universal Health Care , met with Lieberman on Monday but said he maintained his opposition to the public option .
Their latest attempt to lobby the senator will appear in newspapers across the state today , an advertisement featuring a letter from Norwalk Rabbi Joseph Ron Fish describing the imperative of multiple faiths to seek the welfare of everyone , particularly the meek and vulnerable .
The advertisement includes the signatures of 240 Connecticut religious leaders and will argue that Lieberman must support " real reform " as a matter of conscience , according to the group .
Joe does n't care what happens in Connecticut , because he probably wo n't run again .
But he does care what the national media thinks about him , and those shallow scribes take his " faith " on faith .
I 'd love to see one reporter from a major publication or network ask him how to justify his opposition to his bill in light of his faith - and they should have a rabbi who supports health care reform to challenge him .
From Knot Atlas
The Knot Atlas
Welcome to the Knot Atlas !
This site aims to be a complete user - editable knot atlas , in the wiki spirit of Wikipedia .
It is being developed primarily by Scott and Dror , but any one can edit almost anything , anytime .
Some advice can be found at how you can contribute .
As with all evolving projects , the most important part of the Knot Atlas is the To Do list .
Extras : Tube plots with TubePlot , WikiLink - The Mediawiki Interface .
See also : Jeremy Green 's Table of Virtual Knots , Chuck Livingston 's amazing Table of Knot Invariants , Hermann Gruber 's atlas of rational knots , Paul Zinn - Justin 's alternating virtual link database and Slavik Jablan and Radmila Sazdanovic 's webMathematica LinKnot .
Sub :: Exporter - 2009-12-01
Exporting
In Perl , we organize our subroutines ( and other stuff ) into namespaces called packages .
This makes it easy to avoid having to think of unique names for functions you write , and it means you do n't have thousands of core functions to remember .
Traditionally , exports were provided by the Exporter module , included with perl5 since its first release .
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
8 :
9 :
10 :
package Gift :: Dispatch ;
use Exporter qw( import ) ;
our @EXPORT_OK = qw( wrap label send ) ;
our %EXPORT_TAGS = ( all => \ @ EXPORT_OK ) ;
sub wrap { ... }
sub label { ... }
sub send { ... }
Now when someone says use Gift :: Dispatch ' : all ' the three exported routines become available in their package .
This is a useful tool , and most Perl programmers interact with Exporter all the time .
Unfortunately , it 's not very flexible .
For example , here 's our attempt to use Gift : : Dispatch :
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
8 :
9 :
10 :
11 :
12 :
package Gift :: Giver ;
use Gift :: Dispatch ' : all ' ;
use Email :: Send ;
for my $ gift ( @physical_presents ) {
send ( $ gift , { carrier => ' UPS ' } ) ;
}
for my $ gift ( @gift_codes ) {
Email :: Send -> new -> send ( email_for ( $ gift ) ) ;
}
Email :: Send exports a send routine by default , which will clobber the one from Gift : : Dispatch .
This is obviously a contrived example , but this problem happens in real life , too , and generally ends up being more obnoxious to track down .
Subroutines installed by Exporter also stick around forever , so when somebody ends up trying to call Gift : : Giver -> send , forgetting that the right method is give , they get one of your imported routines instead of a " no such method " exception .
Sub : : Exporter and Naming
Sub :: Exporter ( sometimes affectionately referred to as S'Ex ) makes it easy to fix this problem .
First , we update Gift : : Dispatch :
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
8 :
package Gift :: Dispatch ;
use Sub :: Exporter - setup => [ qw( wrap label send ) ] ;
sub wrap { ... }
sub label { ... }
sub send { ... }
And then we update Gift : : Giver to muck around with the names ( unrelated code omitted ) :
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
package Gift :: Giver ;
use Gift :: Dispatch ' : all ' => { - prefix => ' _ ' , - suffix => ' _gift ' } ;
for my $ gift ( @physical_presents ) {
_send_gift ( $ gift , { carrier => ' UPS ' } ) ;
}
Sub : : Exporter and Code Customization
We got to muck about with the names under which things are imported .
This is only the tip of the iceberg .
Sub :: Exporter can let you customize not just the names of imported routines , but also other facets of their operation .
For example , we might not want to require the " carrier " parameter for our shipment above , if we can provide a default .
It 's easy to let Sub : : Exporter handle an import like this :
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
package Gift :: Giver ;
use Gift :: Dispatch send => { - as => ' _send_gift ' , carrier => ' UPS ' } ;
for my $ gift ( @physical_presents ) {
_send_gift ( $ gift ) ;
}
With arguments like that , we can build routines with built - in defaults , overridden behavior , and all kinds of customization , wrapped up in a simple name that we choose .
Over next few weeks , quite a few of the libraries that will be discussed will either use Sub : : Exporter to provide exported functions or will use Sub : : Exporter to provide powerful customizable interfaces .
To really learn how these work , you should go to the Sub : : Exporter : : Tutorial , but here 's a quick non-trivial sample using the canonical closure example of a " counter " :
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
8 :
9 :
10 :
11 :
12 :
13 :
14 :
15 :
16 :
17 :
18 :
19 :
20 :
21 :
22 :
23 :
24 :
25 :
26 :
27 :
28 :
package Counter ;
use Sub :: Exporter - setup => {
groups => [ counter => \ ' _gen_counter ' ] ,
} ;
sub _gen_counter {
my ( $ class , $ name , $ arg ) = @_ ;
my $ cb = $ arg -> { callback } ;
my @log ;
my %sub ;
$ sub { record } = sub {
my ( $ value ) = @_ ;
$ cb -> ( $ value ) if $ cb and @_ ;
push @log , $ value ;
} ;
$ sub { list } = sub {
return @log ;
} ;
$ sub { count } = sub {
return scalar @log ;
} ;
return \ % sub ;
}
Then we put it to use ...
1 :
2 :
3 :
4 :
5 :
6 :
7 :
8 :
9 :
10 :
11 :
12 :
13 :
14 :
use Counter
- counter => {
- suffix => ' _receipt ' ,
callback => sub { print " sending thankyou note for $ _ [ 0 ]
" } ,
} ,
- counter => {
- suffix => ' _gift ' ,
} ,
;
record_receipt ( $ _ ) for @presents_we_got ;
record_gift ( $ _ ) for @presents_we_gave ;
die " life is n't fair " if count_gift > count_receipt ;
Sub :: Exporter is easier to use than Exporter and in its most trivial configuration provides much more utility .
Learning how to make the most of Sub :: Exporter can make very complex code generation quite simple and can reduce the amount of code you must write significantly .
See Also
Aaron Aites and Audrey Ewell ’s absorbing , low - key documentary “ Until the Light Takes Us ” recounts how a few Norwegian musicians hijacked an obscure offshoot of heavy metal and made it world famous , by moving from clown paint and anti-Christian imagery into vandalism , church burning and killing .
Between interviews , it illustrates the Norwegian context  cold and dark , liberal but ultra-conformist , increasingly globalized  in which these diffident , smart , polite young men came to feel alienated and racially and culturally oppressed .
The film focuses on Varg Vikernes and Gylve Nagell , a Mutt - and - Jeff pairing better known by their black - metal stage names , Count Grishnackh and Fenriz .
The doctrinaire Mr. Vikernes is interviewed at the prison in Trondheim where he is serving a maximum sentence for murder and arson ; this being Norway , the sentence is 21 years , and colorful curtains hang in the sunny interview room , encapsulating some of the paradoxes of Norwegian rebelliousness .
Image Per Yngve Ohlin , known as Dead , of the band Mayhem in “ Until the Light Takes Us. ” Credit ...
Variance Films
Mr. Nagell , who was not implicated in the violence of the early 1990s and continues to make metal music with his band Darkthrone , is introspective and focused on the art .
Mr. Vikernes says in grudging praise of Mr. Nagell that he ’s “ a special person with special goals , and it ’s impossible to know what his goals are . ”
A team of astronomers from Italy captured images of the asteroid that passed by Earth Wednesday at a distance one - third that between the Earth and the moon .
The rock , between 30 and 50 feet across , was not in danger of striking the planet and probably would have burned up in the atmosphere before hitting Earth 's surface , if it had headed our way .
The asteroid , dubbed 2010 AL30 was first spotted and announced Monday .
It is the closest encounter Earth will have with any known object until 2024 .
In 2029 an asteroid known as Apophis will come closer , only one - third the distance of Wednesday 's asteroid to the Earth .
The chances that this pass will send the asteroid through a " keyhole " that would then cause it to come back around and hit Earth in 2036 are currently estimated to be just one in 233,000 .
But Apophis is still the subject of a lot of discussion , and Russia has announced it is making plans to deflect it .
Images : E. Guido and G. Sostero
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
A bank robber running from police dropped a bag full of cash in the heart of Chinatown yesterday — but the money is still missing because an opportunist made off with the booty .
Police said the robber , who was not identified , walked into the TD Bank branch on Canal Street and Bowery at the foot of the Manhattan Bridge at about 1:30 p.m .
He claimed to be armed and verbally demanded cash from a teller .
But just steps from the bank , a uniformed cop spotted the crook and chased him .
As the robber ran , a dye packet inside the cash bag went off .
“ I was right outside the bank .
A man came running out , ” said witness Bun Lam .
“ There was a cop two steps behind him . . .
Right in front of a beauty - supply store , the ink exploded . ”
The robber dropped the bag and continued to run , witnesses said , and another unidentified man picked up the red - stained cash and took off .
Cops caught up with the bank robber , but the booty - grabber was still in the wind .
Charges were pending .
jamie.schram@nypost.com
The benefits of polyphenols
( Natural News ) Green tea has an impressive of list of health benefits .
Studies have reported that green tea can help prevent Alzheimer 's , certain cancers , and improve cardiovascular health .
Some health experts have asserted that green tea can help alleviate stress as well .
But until recently there has not been a large scale study on stress reduction with green tea .
A large scale study in Japan linking green tea with stress reduction was recently published online in the The research team from the Tohoku University Graduate School of Medicine was led by Atsushi Hosawa .
The study included 42,093 Japanese individuals .
Just under seven percent of the study population , 2,774 , suffered from psychological stress .
The research team determined that consuming sufficient quantities of green tea improved their psychological well - being .
Those who drank five cups of green tea per day showed considerably less psychological distress than those who drank less than a cup a day .
These results were calculated after making adjustments for variables such as age , diet , cigarette smoking , alcohol consumption , and disease histories .
Because this was strictly an epidemiological study , no effort was made to determine the bioactive components that achieved the observed results .
Green tea leaves contain polyphenols .
Polyphenols are a type of antioxidant that combats the oxidative stress associated with neurodegenerative and cardiovascular diseases .
The four primary polyphenols found in fresh green tea leaves are : ( EGC ) ,
Synydyne is an art collective .
contact@synydyne.com
Bear Stearns Bravo ( Multimedia , 2013 )
Horse_ebooks 2 ( Performance , 2013 )
Spam Loops 1 – 4 ( Video , 2009 - 2013 )
Horse_ebooks ( Conceptual , 2011 - 2013 )
Pronunciation Book ( Video , 2010 - 2013 )
This Is My Milwaukee ( Video , 2008 )
Hoopeston ( Video , 2007 )
Honorable Mentions in the nature category : Untitled .
Stefano Amirante , Italy .
The picture was taken in the Mala Mala Game reserve in South Africa : a young leopard cub was lounging alone on a tree when , suddenly , a male adult leopard arrived and attacked it .
The cub tried to escape jumping to another tree , but the branches were so dry that he fell to the ground .
Slightly injured from the bite of the adult , the cub escaped running .
Amirante was on a safari jeep when the cub fell about one meter from him
Photograph : guardian.co.uk
US Abuses its " Exorbitant Privilege "
Exactly one month ago , The New York Times ran a front - page headline , “ Wave of Debt Payments Facing US Government , ” and punctuated the point of the accompanying story with the chart below :
The following day , we tipped our hat to the Grey Lady and re-produced the chart for the benefit of all Daily Reckoning readers who do not also read The New York Times .
We also highlighted some of the disturbing New Math that this chart implied .
Specifically , we reported , “ The government will have to cough up $ 1.6 trillion just by the end of March .
Ten years from now , the mere cost of servicing the debt is expected to reach $ 700 billion annually , more than three times the current burden . ”
Do we mind being scooped by The New York Times ?
Hardly .
To the contrary , we ’re happy for a little company out here on the fringes of financial journalism .
We ’re happy that someone else has bothered to report the obvious :
The US government ’s finances are n’t great .
An accompanying thought , and one that The New York Times declined to mention , is this : Something that cannot last forever will not last forever .
Nevertheless , it seems like forever that the US has enjoyed what Charles de Gaulle ’s economic advisor , Jacques Rueff , called the “ exorbitant privilege ” of printing the dollars with which it satisfies its debts .
Over the years , America has maximized – nay , abused – that privilege by amassing a balance sheet so laden with liabilities that repayment has become an utter impossibility ( without the benefit of a printing press ) .
That America ’s precarious financial condition continues to dance on the sharp end of pin is a marvel of modern macroeconomics .
Even after deconstructing the whys and wherefores of this marvel , it becomes no less marvelous .
Essentially , America borrows and spends as much as it wishes by issuing as many Treasury bills , notes and bonds as it wishes .
Somehow , no matter how many commas and zeros the US Treasury uses to quantify its auctions , the central banks of China , Japan , Russia and others continue to raise their paddles … no matter how miserably the dollar behaves .
Can this bizarre multinational financial arrangement continue forever ?
The obvious answer would be “ no . ”
Nevertheless , this arrangement continues to operate without incident .
For more than a decade , the largest central banks and sovereign wealth funds around the globe have been steadily increasing their holdings of US Treasury securities .
Sure , some of these buyers – notably the Chinese – gripe publicly about the frailty of the US dollar , and yet , these buyers continue to buy …sort of .
As the chart below illustrates , foreign central banks have been ramping up their holdings of T - bills , as opposed to long - dated securities .
In other words , foreign central banks , as a group , have been rolling off their long - dated holdings and parking their dollars in T - bills , despite the fact that T - bills yield almost nothing .
Hmmm , why would they do that , we wonder ?
Are the buyers worried that inflation will kick up in the US ?
Probably .
Are the buyers also worried about committing their capital to the US for a long time ?
Probably .
Whatever the exact motives that inspire these Treasury buyers to buy fewer long - dated Treasurys , we wonder how motivated they will be to refinance $ 1.6 trillion of maturing T - bills during the next three months , and $ 2.5 trillion during the next 12 months ( in addition to fresh borrowing ! ) .
“ The faith - based , dollar - dependent monetary system is like a loaded pistol in front of a depressed man , ” Bill Bonner remarked one year ago .
“ It is too easy for the US to end its financial troubles , Rueff pointed out , just by printing more dollars .
Eventually , he predicted , this ‘ exorbitant privilege ’ will be ‘ suicidal ’ for Western economies . ”
Hmmm …maybe it ’s time to step out of the line of fire .
Windows updates have historically been a constant annoyance for IT staff .
Manual updates were a huge pain , and , while the advent of the Automatic Update feature improved the situation , it brought with it problems of its own .
Specifically , Automatic Updates are simply too automatic .
Automatic Updates grabs the latest updates , no matter what type , and applies them according to a schedule you set .
The feature has no information and makes no judgments about service level agreements ( SLAs ) , buggy updates , or anything else ; it simply downloads and applies .
While this may be acceptable for most home users , it is woefully inadequate in an enterprise .
A secondary problem with Automatic Updates is that each PC must manually download the updates from Microsoft , which can be quite demanding on your Internet link .
Luckily , Microsoft once again comes to the rescue with Windows Server Update Services , otherwise known as WSUS .
What WSUS gives you , out - of - the - box , is a way to consolidate updates on one server , distribute them out to clients , and apply only approved updates from approved categories at approved times .
It also includes some useful , if somewhat lacking , reporting capabilities .
However , all of this still is n’t enough for a high - uptime environment , and that ’s where tiering comes in .
By dividing systems into tiers and applying separate update policies to each tier , you can ensure that high - impact systems only receive a very limited set of extensively tested , approved updates , while low - impact systems ( like lab systems ) receive the latest updates for testing .
To illustrate this concept , let ’s take a look at the real - life example .
Trying it out
In this example , we are a Web hosting provider responsible for updating hundreds of servers in a very high - uptime environment .
In general , our servers are configured in customer racks conforming to the following basic layout :
Example Web hosting customer rack
In this environment , you typically have hundreds of customers that conform , more or less , to this layout .
Several load - balanced front - end Web servers connect to a back - end SQL cluster , while one or more test systems are used to test future site updates .
The subtleties in this environment are minimal ;
At least one front - end server and one SQL server should be up and available at all times , and updates should be validated on the test server (s ) prior to applying them to any of the production servers .
Based on the environment , a four - tiered WSUS implementation would work pretty well if it were arranged as follows :
Tier1 : Test Systems
Tier2 : First node of any multi - node group , inactive node of a failover ( active - passive ) cluster
Tier3 : Second node of any multi - node group , active node of a failover ( active - passive ) cluster
Tier4 : Third node of any multi - node group , also Stand - alone servers
For any group that spans more than three nodes , you would start back over at Tier 2 for the fourth node .
Using our earlier example , we would arrange the systems as follows :
Tier1 : The test server
Tier2 : The first Web server and the inactive node of the SQL cluster
Tier3 : The second Web server and the active node of the SQL cluster
Tier4 : The last Web server
After dividing our servers into tiers , we then need to exercise the real power of WSUS and implement policies based on those tiers :
Tier1 : Automatically approve and apply updates every Monday
Tier2 : Apply only manually approved updates every Tuesday no less than one week after Tier 1 applies them
Tier3 : Apply only manually approved updates every Wednesday no less than one week after Tier 2 applies them
Tier4 : Apply only manually approved updates every Thursday no less than one week after Tier 3 applies them
Essentially , what this type of policy buys you is one week ’s worth of testing time between each tier , while making sure the latest updates are always being tested on the testing platform .
In a large hosting environment , the hundreds of servers involved pretty much ensure that you will always know about problems with an update before you reach Tier 3 , which means you should never have a bad update applied to all nodes of a multi - node system .
So , now that we ’ve explored the concept and benefits of using a tiered WSUS architecture , let ’s take a look at the details involved in creating it .
A tiered WSUS infrastructure requires configuration in four areas :
Active Directory Groups Group Policy WSUS Groups WSUS Auto approval Policy
Let ’s begin by bringing all of the pieces together for a high - level view .
WSUS uses Group Policy settings to configure the client machines .
Since we want slightly different settings for each tier , we will create one group policy object for each tier .
We will then create separate Active Directory ( AD ) groups for each tier and place the systems in the correct AD groups .
Next , we will modify the permissions on each tier ’s GPO to allow only the appropriate AD group the " apply group policy " permission , thus ensuring that the GPO only applies to systems in the correct tier .
Then , we will create the appropriate computer groups in WSUS for each tier , allowing our GPOs to place the systems in the correct WSUS computer groups .
Finally , we will modify the WSUS auto approval policy to facilitate automatic approval and application of patches to the test tier , Tier 1 .
If all of this sounds complex , do n’t worry , its much simpler than it sounds .
The total solution involves several pieces , but each piece is fairly simple on its own .
Let ’s dig into the details , starting with AD groups .
Thanks for voting !
Our 2009 Readers ’
Poll voting ended on January 5 .
Below you ’ll find the winners — and four runners - up — in each category .
For more of our “ Best of 2009 ″ coverage , click on the links below .
PLUS :
Continuity is a very smooth flashgame for the browser .
The creator really understood , how to create flow with music , volume levels and a clean and puzzly webdesign .
It is not only the effect - side of this game , that is interesting , but also the gameplay itself is worth a look .
It ’s basically a platformer , but you can rearrange the position of the single level parts .
Really nice game !
Pick of the week .
I guess !
( via )
Our co-blogger Robert Feinman passed in July .
Jonathan has already posted a best of series taken from Robert ’s more than 600 posts to The Writing On The Wal .
But Robert wrote elsewhere as well and , for some time , I ’ve enjoyed a Sunday morning tradition of reading the essays he posted to his personal blog .
Beginning this morning I ’m going to cross post Robert ’s essays to share his thoughts .
Strictly speaking , Walmart was not specifically the subject of Robert ’s writings , but Walmart was certainly always a player in the universe he explored .
Too Many People , Too Little Work
The shakeup in the world financial system has brought forth a lot of hand - wringing over the future of capitalism .
Most commentators devote themselves to how best to get capitalism back onto whatever their preferred path is .
Thus , we see a range of ideas from improved regulation , corporate governance , compensation restrictions or , at least , review , and changes to tax policy .
What we do n’t see , at least among the most quoted commentators , is any examination of the basic economic foundations of modern society .
I ’ll summarize .
The prevailing picture is that a market economy is the only viable system , where “ market ” is taken as a synonym for capitalism .
That is , entrepreneurs raise capital to start an enterprise with a promise of returning more than they borrowed .
They harness natural resources and workers to generate products which they can sell for more than the cost of production and the excess is “ profit ” .
This is used to pay off investors ( including the owners ) .
The “ market ” idea comes in because each enterprise needs to trade with suppliers and customers .
The ability to negotiate terms between parties is assumed to be based upon supply and demand .
The more ideological think that this is sufficient to insure a smoothly running exchange , while the more pragmatic expect to see some sort of rules imposed and enforced by government .
How many rules and how vigorously enforced are the subject of hundreds of years of debate .
There are two problems with this model , it ignores the role of the “ externalities ” of resource availability and waste disposal and it ignores the structure of the market for labor .
For much of the history of the human race , people could barely support themselves by their own labor .
Work was by hand and mostly consisted of agricultural production , tools and shelter .
The rise of the industrial revolution and the machine age changed this .
A few people could now produce enough for many .
This has led to a permanent condition where the labor supply exceeds demand , except in unusual circumstances , like war or pandemic .
The result has been that wages have always remained low relative to the total wealth produced .
In an earlier age it was royalty or the aristocracy that absorbed the excess wealth .
With the rise of the corporation it was the big industrialists .
This has now reached a new crisis moment .
Advanced agriculture requires only 2 - 3 % of the work force to feed everyone and even can provide export capacity .
Manufacturing is highly automated and factories that a few decades ago required hundred ’s now make more with only dozens of workers .
To pick up the slack wealthy societies have invented a large number of “ service ” jobs , which resist mechanization .
Hardly anyone makes their own clothing , or bakes their own bread anymore .
With many more women in the workforce , child care is now given over to a service sector as is much personal care .
The rise of the financial sector and “ intellectual property ” has also absorbed a goodly number of workers .
Even with all this make - work we still have excess labor .
In many places chronic unemployment reaches 30 % or more .
This leads to a permanent class of disaffected young people who are under educated , have few marketable skills and are prone to civil unrest and criminal mischief .
If we can make everything that we truly need with 20 - 30 % of the population what are we to do with everyone else ?
In an earlier time when there was excess population a variety of solutions were used to bring things into balance , some deliberate and some not .
1. Pestilence caused by overcrowding and malnutrition caused large numbers of deaths , especially among the very young and old .
This left the more productive members to do the work .
2. Military adventurism was used to obtain resources from neighbors or to expand the land available for cultivation .
This remained a popular option up through the end of WWII .
It is still going on in poorer regions of the world , especially in parts of Africa .
The loss of life also helped restore the balance between workers and consumption .
3. Emigration was handy as long as there were places for people to go .
The safety valve of the US frontier allowed for the huge influx of people to be accommodated for 200 years .
This has ceased to be an optimal solution since only poor lands are now available for new settlement .
In the US it has meant moving into the desert areas , while Europe is under strain from those from the east and south who are attracted to its relatively better living conditions are are becoming immigrants , in many cases unwanted .
4 . Make - work projects were popular in the USSR and in Maoist China .
The ideology demanded that everyone work , so to maintain the myth that the system was functioning well , jobs were invented for everyone .
It also helped that both societies were coming off a feudal base and still had large peasant populations that engaged in inefficient agriculture .
Thus the need for many superfluous factory jobs was kept to a minimum .
The succession of wars and civil unrest from the 1890 ’s to the 1990 ’s also meant that there was a continual drain on the work force due to excessive death and disease .
5. Localism also limited labor competition .
With transport being expensive and difficult and the lack of a reliable international system of trade funding and commerce , regional labor inefficiencies could be maintained despite potential competition from further away .
Now a farmer in rural Africa can be put out of business in a few days by a shipment of cheap grain from the US .
Similarly labor intensive work in high wage countries can be replaced by low wage work elsewhere and cheap transport of finished goods to the final market .
There have been two fundamental changes in the past 50 years that make all prior solutions unworkable for the future .
They are interrelated and both relate to population .
In 1950 the world had 2.5 billion people , it now has 6.5 and will reach 9.5 by 2050 .
Such growth is unprecedented both in the rate of increase and in the actual growth in numbers .
This sudden population growth has created the second change – limits on resources on a global scale .
In the past when local resources became overused people would migrate as I mentioned above .
The world was “ empty ” enough that this was frequently not too difficult .
Furthermore the absolute numbers tended to be small .
So that even if an entire society failed only a few thousand would be affected .
People can no longer migrate in large numbers , in fact the movement from the land to cities which has been taking place in poorer countries is only making the situation worse since these people have no way to make a living off the land as their ancestors did .
The world is now mostly “ full ” and this is putting a strain on resources , including arable land and water .
So what is to be done ?
1. Population growth control must become systematized .
Only China has any sort of policy in place for limiting population growth and it is highly flawed .
The latest defect to emerge is the rising imbalance of boys over girls as families abort girls so that their one child will be male .
There are stories about similar happenings in India .
The best way to limit population growth in high growth areas is through the education of women and changes in cultural patterns which will allow them to earn money outside the home .
Educated women have less children and those that they do have are also better educated and more productive .
Educating women is one of the cheapest things that can be done in a developing country since teachers are paid at the local wage level and there is no need for massive development or trade policies to be put in place .
There is also little scope for corruption which may be why this is n’t a more popular option .
In developed countries birth rates have already dropped and if governments would only stop fretting these societies would be stable or even start to decline in size slowly in the future .
I ’ll discuss why this is opposed later .
2. Consumption must be equalized and constrained .
Those at the top must consume less , a lot less , while those at the bottom must get more that the $ 1 - 2 per day that over one billion subsist on .
Giving each of these people an extra $ 1 per day would cost about $ 400 billion per year .
We just gave one firm , AIG , $ 180 billion .
I think the world can afford the $ 400 billion , it ’s all a question of priorities .
How to inject this money into local economies is a subject of endless debate and I wo n’t go into it here , but there are enough examples of successful anti-poverty programs in poor countries to serve as templates .
Done right those who could be working would be under this policy .
In the wealthy countries we need to shift away from consumerism .
I realize this will decrease the demand for labor and I ’m arguing that we have too little work to go around as it is , but we now insist on generating demand so that people will have to work to satisfy it , I want to break this connection .
3 . Break the work to live cycle .
Advanced societies do n’t need to work full time to live .
In fact I ’ve already stated that we have more people than are needed to supply the essentials .
Several hundred years of ( mainly ) Christian teachings have promoted the “ virtue ” of work , but societies outside this tradition have viewed things differently .
Many of them regard living as the essential thing and do just enough work to meet needs .
When such societies have come up against the Protestant work ethic described by Max Weber they have been regarded as lazy and in need of missionaries to show them the error of their ways .
Some of this still exists in the US , although I do n’t think most people would state it in the same terms .
There are certain sectors of the population that prefer leisure to work and do just enough to get by .
Rather than understanding that they have other priorities in life they are treated as loafers and free loaders .
I ’m promoting adopting lifestyles which can get by on less work .
So instead of being forced into make - work jobs people would just do more rewarding things with their time .
With people doing less work then what needs really to be done can be spread around to more people .
Traditional job sharing is usually cast in terms of fewer hours per week , but what about a shorter career period ?
In the Utopia “ Looking Backward ” by Edward Bellamy , not only were hours worked inversely proportional to the unpleasantness of the task , but people retired at 45 .
They then spent the rest of their lives on self improvement , communal activities and the arts .
4 . There are many tasks that are not being done adequately , but many of them are because they are “ uneconomic ” .
If we paid people to take care of their children and the elderly we would improve the lot of many .
Right now we have perverse incentives in place .
A woman can go to work and then pay someone to care for her children .
This adds to the GDP while having her stay at home and do the same task herself does n’t .
Because the “ success ” of a society is measured by GDP and other financial yardsticks human welfare and life satisfaction are left out of the equation and policies to promote them are not instituted .
There have been cases where women have been paid baby bonuses , because leaders were afraid there would n’t be enough men to fight future wars and staff the factories .
If incentives can be paid under these conditions why not as a regular feature of life ?
In addition paying people to do tasks now usually considered as volunteerism would add an overall benefit to society .
This means things like mentoring children , teaching reading and language to immigrants , driving people to doctor ’s visits and the like .
Much unemployment exists while there are unmet needs .
This is all because everything is measured in financial terms , not in humanistic ones .
5 . Finally we need to support leisure .
For centuries people have been persuaded to give up their free time because hard work will be rewarded in the hereafter , but there is no evidence for this .
Better to enjoy the one life you know you have .
Society can foster leisure activities that do n’t consume large amounts of resources .
This means more arts , sports and community activities .
A bit of sitting at a local bistro and chatting with friends can go a long way .
The popularity of online communities shows that people are starved for this type of interaction .
People are not by nature solitary creatures and more community is a net gain for all .
I call it dancing in the streets .
Copyright © 2009 Robert D Feinman
Feel free to use the ideas , but the words are mine .
It is often said by perceptive observers that a disconnect is in evidence in many countries between a public that want stringent action to tackle climate change and what governments are actually doing .
The United States , for example - which for many years has had no forward - looking policies in reducing emissions of greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) - is still encumbered with a large number of senators unwilling to act on account of partisanship or scepticism about the science of climate change .
It is a well - known fact that powerful vested interests and those opposed to action on climate change are working overtime to see that they can stall action for as long as possible .
The Centre for Public Integrity in the US has found that some 770 companies and interest groups have hired an estimated 2,340 lobbyists to influence America 's federal policies on climate change in the past year , just as the stakes became higher with the prospect of far - reaching climate legislation in the US .
That translates into more than four lobbyists for each member of Congress in Washington DC .
The climate sceptics have also been active in other ways .
Take the hacking of emails from the University of East Anglia and the use of private communications between the scientists involved to discredit the science contained in the Fourth Assessment Report ( AR4 ) of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which I chair .
These scientists are highly reputed professionals , whose contributions over the years to scientific knowledge are unquestionable .
But , more importantly , even the allegations made on the basis of the stolen emails have proved incorrect .
The papers which were criticised in the emails were actually discussed in detail in chapter six of the Working Group I report of the AR4 .
Furthermore , articles from the journal Climate Research , which was also decried in the emails , have been cited 47 times in the Working Group I report .
It is also a well - established fact that the IPCC relies on datasets - not from any single source - but from a number of institutions in different parts of the world .
Significantly , the datasets from East Anglia were totally consistent with those from other institutions , on the basis of which far - reaching and meaningful conclusions were reached in the AR4 .
The same group of climate deniers who have been active across the Atlantic have now joined hands to attack me personally , alleging business interests on my part which are supposedly benefiting me as well as the Indian Tata group of companies .
My institute , The Energy and Resources Institute ( TERI ) , has no links with the Tata group , other than having been established through seed funding from that group as a non-profit registered society in 1974 , much like several other non-profit institutions of excellence set up by the Tatas for the larger public good .
As for pecuniary benefits from advice that I may be rendering to profit making organisations , these payments are all made directly to my institute , without a single penny being received by me .
I am providing this background only to highlight the fact that powerful vested interests are perhaps likely to get overactive in the coming months , and would perhaps do everything in their power to impede progress towards a binding agreement that is hoped for by the end of 2010 in the next major climate negotiations in Mexico City .
In the end , knowledge and science will undoubtedly triumph , but delay in reducing emissions of greenhouse gases would only lead to worse impacts of climate change and growing hardship for the most vulnerable regions in the world , which are also unfortunately some of the poorest communities on earth .
A multilateral agreement to tackle climate change is absolutely essential , but given the slow pace of progress and the power that vested interests exercise over legislative and policy initiatives in democratic societies , something more may be essential .
Firstly , given the critical role of the United States in forging an effective agreement to meet the challenge , the passage of legislation in that country will have to be supplemented with several initiatives to be put in place by the executive branch of the government .
But importantly , it seems to me that civil society and grassroots action would have to come into their own , not only to ensure that human society takes responsibility for action at the most basic level , but also to create upward pressure on governments to act decisively .
If such grassroots efforts do not spread and intensify , nation states may not be able to resolve the differences that exist between them .
It is becoming increasingly clear that the spread of knowledge and awareness would be a critical driver of the transformation that is required to move human society towards a pattern of sustainable development .
This would also be the most effective means of thwarting the efforts of skeptics and vested interests , who will do everything possible to maintain the status quo .
As the science in the IPCC Fourth Assessment report clearly demonstrates , there is no leeway for delay or denial any longer .
• Rajendra Pachauri chairs the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and is director - general of The Energy & Resources Institute
Supervisor David Campos ' idea to create a task force for medical marijuana conjures up an image of a paramilitary pot enforcement unit - OK everybody , put down the brownies and step away from the bongs .
Actually , Campos insists , it could n't be more innocuous .
" I see it holding hearings and providing feedback .
It is a chance to provide expertise and guidance , not final policy , " he said .
Regardless of how Campos explains it , this will still sound like a kookie San Francisco concept .
Campos ' plan is to gather a 13 - person committee of medical marijuana patients , dispensary operators , neighborhood leaders and even ( gasp ) growers to discuss new directions in medical marijuana policy .
He sees the group looking into tax revenue from dispensaries ( already in place in Oakland ) , to standards for edible cannabis , to truly controversial issues like city - sanctioned cultivation of pot .
But let 's be honest , the chances that this group is going to announce that marijuana should be severely restricted are very slim .
Quite frankly , this is n't a bad idea .
Campos says that when the Justice Department issued a policy memo in October stating that pot-smoking patients and their authorized suppliers should not be singled out for federal prosecution - it signaled a new world for medical marijuana enforcement .
" I think this is the future , " he said .
" Some people are probably not happy about that , but the federal government is signaling it will look the other way . "
San Francisco is n't the only city exploring this idea .
This week the medical marijuana task force for San Diego - never considered a liberal stronghold - presented recommendations for an improved permit process and zoning laws to the City Council .
" Certainly , there is a lot of political difference between San Diego and San Francisco , " said Alex Kreit , a former San Francisco attorney who now teaches at a San Diego law school and is chairman of the local task force .
" But what I think is interesting is only about 9 percent of the population here supported a complete ban of the pot clubs . "
" Maybe , " said Campos , when he heard about San Diego 's task force , " we 're not as radical as we think we are . "
I would n't go that far .
Kreit says much of what San Diego is studying is based on what San Francisco has already done .
There is discussion about keeping dispensaries away from schools , limiting the concentration in neighborhoods , and establishing a strict permit process .
What ground - breaking issues does that leave for San Francisco ?
Campos wonders if it 's time to consider city - controlled growing .
We allow people to buy marijuana , but where does it come from ?
The pot fairy ?
Obviously , much of it is coming from illegal growers , including sleazy grow houses in local neighborhoods .
It is a prescription for criminal activity .
" It 's controversial , but if you could get the state to establish a clear and consistent set of rules for cultivation , that would make the most sense . " said Bruce Mirken , the San Francisco - based communications director for the national Marijuana Policy Project in Washington , D.C .
And if the state wo n't do that , Campos says , " Maybe we should go down that road . "
It sounds controversial .
But consider the alternative - letting medical marijuana dispensaries expand without permits , restrictions or planning .
Right now Los Angeles is attempting to get a handle on what city officials estimate is between 800 and 1,000 unrestricted dispensaries .
" If you wanted to write a textbook on how to screw up medical marijuana , " said Mirken , " the first thing you should do is hire the Los Angeles City Council . "
Sounds like Los Angeles council members could use a medical marijuana task force .
San Francisco could offer them some advice .
In exchange , they could help us form a task force on how to create a winning professional basketball team .
This is actually a common sign of irritable bowel syndrome , but that is not always the cause .
Frequent bowel movements during periods are common because of hormone level changes .
The hormones that signal the release of the lining of the uterus also signal the gastro system ; making your bowels move more .
This is also why some girls commonly have excessive gas during their period .
Some women have a tilt on their uterus , which presses against their colon , meaning increased pressure within the colon , and they generally have to have more bowel movements .
If you are experiencing extreme pain or other elevated symptoms during your period , consult a doctor .
Excessive diarrhea can be a sign of a health problem .
An Iraqi parliament member said Tuesday that Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki plans to sue Israel for damages done to his country following its destruction of the Tammuz nuclear reactor .
The Air Force bombed the site in 1981 .
Now , 29 years later , al - Maliki has instructed the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad to clarify with the UN whether it would be possible to extract compensation from Israel .
An Iraqi source told the German DPA that MP Mohammad Naji said UN Resolution 487 , approved after the strike , allowed his country to sue Israel .
" Al - Maliki 's appeal follows an answer received from the UN Secretariat by the government of Iraq on November 25 , which says Iraq has a right to demand compensation for the damage Israel did to it with the attack on the reactor , through a neutral committee which will assess the extent of the damage , " the report says .
Naji estimated that Baghdad would complete the suit very soon .
In an interview with the Iraqi al - Sabaah , he said a number of parliament members were leading the initiative and " trying to carry out international decisions on the matter " .
Today , the DOJ's Office of the Inspector General issued a long awaited report on the FBI 's use of ' exigent letters ' to obtain phone records .
While the report has many interesting and shocking revelations , three issues jumped out at us : Post - it note process ; a secret new legal theory ; and the need for accountability for the telecoms .
Post - it notes .
Seriously .
While we had known since 2007 that the FBI improperly sought phone records by falsely asserting emergency circumstances , the report shows the situation inside the FBI 's Communications Analysis Unit ( CAU ) degenerated even further , sometimes replacing legal process with sticky notes .
Employees of three telecoms worked directly out of the CAU office , right next to their FBI colleagues .
According to the report , even exigent letters became too much work : an FBI analyst explained that " it 's not practical to give the [ exigent letter ] for every number that comes in . "
Instead , the telecoms would provide phone records pursuant to verbal requests and even post - it notes with a phone number stuck on the carrier reps ' workstations .
At the time , the Electronic Communications Privacy Act allowed a telecom to provide records based on an actual emergency , where the carrier had a " reasonable belief " that " an emergency involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure without delay . "
The bare assertion of exigent circumstances in the FBI 's letters is not enough to provide the basis for a reasonable belief , let alone a telephone number on a yellow slip of paper .
In March 2006 , the relevant ECPA provision was changed from " reasonable belief " to " good faith belief . "
It appears that the telecoms were worried that the bare assertions in exigent letters were not enough , because they " expressed concern to [ Congress ] that the [ reasonably believes ] standard was too difficult for them to meet . "
However , even after the change , there is no way the telecoms could have formed a good faith belief , when they were never provided any basis to do so .
New Legal Theory to Allow Phone Record Disclosure
The OIG report discusses , in heavily redacted form , discusses a new legal theory that the FBI now asserts allows telecoms to divulge phone records without legal process .
Despite the Obama Administration 's alleged commitment to openness and transparency , the OIG report redacts the basis for this legal theory , even redacting the statutory section number on which the FBI says it can rely .
According to the report , the DOJ's Office of Legal Counsel issued an opinion agreeing with this theory on January 8 , 2010 .
The DOJ's “ Principles to Guide the Office of Legal Counsel ” states that “ OLC should publicly disclose its written legal opinions in a timely manner , absent strong reasons for delay or nondisclosure . ”
Nevertheless , the opinion is not publicly available .
We urge the Obama Administration to release this memo .
We Need Accountability for AT&T and Verizon
The ECPA is one of the cornerstones of our protection against government overreaching , providing a critical check on the power of government officials .
However , since government investigations are typically secret , it only works if the telecoms hold up their end of the bargain , and refuse to violate the law when asked .
Instead , one embedded telecom employee opined " it was n't my place to police the police . "
This is the opposite of what the law requires .
So how can we have accountability ?
Rather then call out the telecoms who failed to fulfill their roles as a check on government power , the report is cagey about which telecoms were involved , cryptically referring to Companies A , B and C .
However , it is not hard to figure out the telecoms ' identities .
In sworn testimony to Congress , right after the initial March 2007 OIG report , FBI General Counsel Valerie Caproni testified that the three companies were AT&T , Verizon and MCI .
Verizon later acquired MCI .
Caproni confirmed that these were the only companies under contract to provide phone record information to the FBI .
We also know that Company A was AT&T .
In 2007 , Verizon and AT&T wrote to Congress to explain their role in unlawful spying , including exigent letter .
Verizon said it did not have ' community of interest ' information .
The OIG report says that Companies B and C did not have ' community of interest ' information , meaning that B and C were Verizon and its subsidiary MCI , and thus Company A is AT&T .
We urge Congress to investigate both the FBI and telecoms , including asking the hard questions to AT&T and Verizon about their complicity in an illegal program to obtain phone records with post - it notes .
Like the ticking of a Swiss watch , every month the KDE team brings you a new release .
November 's edition of KDE is a bugfix and translation update to KDE 4.3 .
With the KDE 4 series picking up in popularity , we 're happy to encourage even more people to give KDE 4 another spin -- or just upgrade your existing KDE to KDE 4.3.3 .
As the release only contains bugfixes and translation updates , it will be a safe and pleasant update for everyone .
Users around the world will appreciate that KDE 4.3.3 is more completely translated .
KDE 4.4 is already translated into more than 50 languages , with more to come .
KDE 4.3.3 has a number of improvements that will make your life just a little bit better .
Some of KWin 's effects have been smoothed and freed of visual glitches , JuK should now be more stable , KDE PIM has seen its share of improvements while in the back - rooms of KDE , the developers are working hard on porting all applications to the new Akonadi storage and cache .
The changelog has more , if not exhaustive , lists of the improvements since KDE 4.3.2 .
Meanwhile , the KDE team is plugging away at KDE 4.4 with its feature freeze drawing closer .
KDE 4.4 will see its first incarnation ( KDE 4.4.0 ) in February 2010 , two weeks later than initially planned in order to make it possible to release on top of Qt 4.6 .
KDE 4.4 will be based on , and using the new goodness in Qt 4.6 -- think of new layouting mechanisms in QGraphicsView , improved performance , the new animation framework , and many more pearls .
KDE 4.4 will deliver a staggering amount of improvements and new features on top of this : improved desktop search , better privilege escalation , remote controllable Plasma widgets , and of course more polish to the existing code .
Beta 1 is only one month away so stay tuned .
______ Table of Contents____________
Dedication and Prefaces
ENERGY CONVERSION©1992 is a mechanical engineering textbook by Kenneth C. Weston , published in 1992 and now out of print .
This site provides an electronic version of the text as originally published , with some updates and minor revisions .
Chapters may be read using the Adobe Acrobat Reader® , which may be downloaded without charge .
Neither the electronic edition of Energy Conversion ©2000 nor any of its parts may be reproduced for sale .
However , engineering and technology students may copy sections for their personal study .
In a move which simultaneously riled newspaper editors and delighted fans , famously strong - minded cartoonist Bill Watterson returned from a nine month sabbatical in 1992 and demanded that the Sunday edition of his comic strip – Calvin and Hobbes – be allotted a full half - page each week by newspapers , or nothing at all .
The fear of losing such a popular cartoon forced editors to grant his wish , and Watterson flourished as a result of the relative freedom he now experienced .
Below is a letter sent to a fan by Watterson in which he discusses the change .
Other Calvin and Hobbes goodness can be found here .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Calvin and Hobbes December 9 Dear Tim ,
Thanks for the kind words about the new Sunday format .
I ’ve been told to expect some resentment from editors who do n’t like being forced to take a better product for the same price .
It ’s unfortunate that these kinds of changes have to be accomplished by fiat , but so long as editors worry more about the quantity of comics than their quality , it ’s hard to convince them to do this voluntarily .
More to the point , I suspect readers and editors need to SEE the difference to be persuaded .
Time will tell .
Again , thanks for the vote of support .
Sincerely , ( Signed , ‘ Bill Watterson ’ )
" Replacing the dollar with an artificial currency would solve some of the problems related to the potential of countries running large deficits and would help stability , " said Detlef Kotte , one of the report 's authors .
" But you will also need a system of managed exchange rates .
Countries should keep real exchange rates [ adjusted for inflation ] stable .
Central banks would have to intervene and if not they would have to be told to do so by a multilateral institution such as the International Monetary Fund . "
Just days after the Nobel Committee in Oslo awarded Barack Obama its coveted peace prize , two of Washington ’s most prominent foreign policy hawks launched a new group and ad campaign designed to depict the president as weak and defend the more aggressive policies of his predecessor , George W. Bush .
The new group , Keep America Safe , was co-founded by neoconservative heavyweight William Kristol , who also edits the Weekly Standard , and Elizabeth ( Liz ) Cheney , the outspoken daughter of Bush ’s vice president , Dick Cheney , who is believed to harbor political ambitions of her own .
" Amidst the great challenges to America ’s security and prosperity , the current administration too often seems uncertain , wishful , irresolute , and unwilling to stand up for America , our allies , and our interests , " according to the mission statement of the new group , whose third founder - director , Debra Burlingame , is also co-founder of 9/11 Families for a Safe and Strong America .
" Keep America Safe believes the United States can only defeat our adversaries and defend our interests from a position of strengh [ sic ] , " the statement says .
" We know that America has , for 233 years , been an unparalleled force for good in the world , that our fighting forces are the best the world has ever known , and that the world is a safer place when America is trusted by our allies and feared and respected by our enemies . "
" Keep America Safe will make the case for an unapologetic approach to fighting terrorism around the world , for victory in the wars this country fights , for democracy and human rights , and for a strong American military that is needed in the dangerous world in which we live , " it says .
The new group , which , under the rules of its incorporation , will be permitted to lobby Congress and endorse political candidates , will focus initially on raising money to help disseminate its video ads , the first of which is currently featured on its Web site .
" The Left has dozens of organizations and tens of millions of dollars dedicated to undercutting the war on terror , " Kristol told Politico.com Tuesday .
" The good guys need some help , too . "
Earlier this year , Kristol co-founded with his longtime collaborator Robert Kagan another hawkish group , the neoconservative Foreign Policy Initiative ( FPI ) , which has published open letters urging Obama to promote democracy in Russia , send tens of thousands more troops to Afghanistan , and reassure Washington ’s Central European allies about its defense commitment .
The two men were also co-founders and directors of the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) , a number of whose 1997 charter members , including the elder Cheney , former Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld , and their two top aides 
I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby and Paul Wolfowitz , respectively  played key roles in promoting the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Bush ’s other first - term policies when the hawks exercised their greatest influence .
Kristol and Cheney , who are also commentators for the far - right Fox News , have been among the sharpest right - wing critics of Obama ’s efforts to court foreign opinion , especially in Europe and the Muslim world , whose publics were most alienated by the Bush administration ’s policies , according to public opinion surveys .
They have been particularly scornful of the Nobel Committee ’s decision to honor Obama .
Cheney , a lawyer who headed the State Department ’s Middle East democracy - promotion programs from 2002 to 2004 and is reportedly considering running for Congress next year , called the award a " farce " and suggested that Obama send a " mother of a fallen American soldier to accept the prize on behalf of the U.S. military to remind the Nobel committee that each one of them sleeps soundly at night because the U.S. military is the greatest peacekeeping force in the world today . "
Kristol called the committee " anti-American . "
Like most other far - right and neoconservative commentators , they have tried to paint Obama ’s foreign policy as designed to weaken and constrain U.S. power in a dangerous world by abandoning policies championed by Cheney ’s father , whose memoirs she is reportedly helping to write .
" By turning away from the policies that have kept us safe , by treating terrorism as a law enforcement matter , giving foreign terrorists the same rights as American citizens , launching investigations of CIA agents , cutting defense spending , breaking faith with our allies , and attempting to appease our adversaries , the current administration is weakening the nation , and making it more difficult for us to defend our security and our interests , " the new group ’s mission statement reads .
The developing right - wing narrative against Obama has been most comprehensively laid out by neoconservative columnist Charles Krauthammer , in an article entitled " Decline Is a Choice : The New Liberalism and the End of American Ascendancy " published this week by Kristol ’s Weekly Standard and featured on the Keep America Safe Web site .
" The current foreign policy of the United States is an exercise in contraction , " according to the article , which goes on to argue that Obama ’s acknowledgment in various major speeches that Washington ’s conduct abroad has not always lived up to its principles " effectively undermine [s ] any moral claim that America might have to world leadership . "
" [ T ] he new left - liberal internationalism goes far beyond its earlier Clintonian incarnation in its distrust and distaste for American dominance , " according to Krauthammer , an unabashed promoter of global U.S. dominance since 1990 when he penned a famous essay in Foreign Affairs titled " The Unipolar Moment . "
" For what might be called the New Liberalism the renunciation of power is rooted not in the fear that we are essentially good but subject to the corruptions of power  the old Clintonian view  but rooted in the conviction that America is so intrinsically flawed , so inherently and congenitally sinful that it cannot be trusted with , and does not merit , the possession of overarching world power . "
Under Obama , Washington is engaged in " strategic retreat , " according to Krauthammer .
He cites as evidence , among other things , the administration ’s abandonment of the phrase " Global War on Terror " ; the " unilateral abrogation " of missile defense systems in Poland and the Czech Republic ; " indecision on Afghanistan " ; the failure to treat Iraq as a " prize of great strategic significance that the administration seems to have no intention of exploiting " ; support for a " Chavista caudillo " in Honduras ; and " heavy and gratuitous America pressure on Israel . "
The notion that such measures , which he sees as futile efforts to regain the moral high ground , will " lead to reciprocal gestures from the likes of Iran and North Korea is simply childish . "
" In a word , it is a foreign policy designed to produce American decline  to make America essentially one nation among many , " a process furthered by domestic policies that are social democratic and European in their privileging of butter over guns , according to Krauthammer .
" [ W ] hile globalization has produced in some the illusion that human nature has changed , it has not , " he went on .
" The international arena remains a Hobbesian state of nature in which countries naturally strive for power .
Do we really want to live under unknown , untested , shifting multipolarity ?
Or even worse , under the gauzy internationalism of the New Liberalism with its self - enforcing norms ? "
The point was echoed by Cheney in her critique on Fox News of the Nobel ’s decision .
" What the committee believes is , they ’d like to live in a world in which America ’s not dominant , " she said .
" They may believe that President Obama also does n’t believe in American dominance , and they may have been trying to affirm that belief with the prize .
I think , unfortunately , they may be right , and I think it ’s a concern . "
( Inter Press Service )
How to Make an Igloo in Your Backyard
Just in time for winter , I ’ve got something so fun and cool for you guys that frankly I ’m jealous ( I live in Texas , so I ca n’t do this even if I want to 🙁 ) .
Today , kiddies , we ’re going to learn how to build an igloo using only some snow and a knife !
Cool !
The video I ’ve got that shows you how to do this is exceptionally interesting because it ’s from 1951 , it was
originally released by the National Film Board of Canada as an educational film seriously intended to teach people how to build an igloo should they need to , plus the people building the igloo in it are actual Eskimos who have to do this to have some place to live .
First , a few tips :
If it works , use it : you do n’t need a “ snow knife ” as seen in the film , just something that will work as one –I suspect a machete or large kitchen knife ( e.g. a chef ’s knife ) would work nicely .
The last block that you ’ll put at the very top must initially be larger than that hole .
Put the block on top of the igloo and then , from the inside , shape and wiggle it to fit snugly into the hole , using the knife to trim away excess snow to get a perfect fit .
If you ’re doing this as an actual shelter that you ’re going to spend more than a few hours in , it ’s highly recommended that you make a “ cold sink ” : this will help keep the inside warm by allowing the cold air , which is heavier than warm air and will fall into the cold sink , to be pushed outside .
The warmth from your body and any heating device or fire you have inside will warm the air , that warm air will rise , and the cold air will fall into the cold sink .
This diagram on the left should make it clear .
For safety reasons , it is absolutely vital to create at least one air hole in the roof to avoid suffocation , even if you ’ll only be in it for a short time .
The inside of the igloo will get very warm due to heat from your body and the stove / heater / fire , even if it is cold and windy outside .
Also , without ventilation , lethal levels of carbon dioxide from your breath and carbon monoxide from any fire or heater will occur eventually , and then you ’ll die .
And that would be bad .
Alright , here ’s the video , stick around for some additional resources afterward :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
An excellent , and only one of two on the subject that I know of , book on igloo construction is How to Build an Igloo : And Other Snow Shelters by Norbert E. Yankielun , a seasoned cold - regions explorer and researcher , which has over 100 line drawings for you to follow .
Here ’s an excellent guide on igloo building from the Norwegians with step - by - step instructions and lots of photos .
The " battle of the sexes is over " claims the much - heralded Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Changes Everything on American work and family life .
Unless , of course , you 're among the millions of women for whom it is n't .
The " battle of the sexes is over " claims the
much - heralded Shriver Report : A Woman ’s Nation Changes Everything on
American work and family life .
Go ahead , take a victory lap .
Unless , of course , you ’re among the millions of women who
still earn 23 percent less on average in wages , pay 38 percent more for
gender - rated health insurance or fear losing their jobs while trying to juggle
disproportionate family responsibilities without flexible work schedules and
reasonable family - leave policies .
The year - long study initiated by California First Lady and
former NBC
News correspondent Maria Shriver and published by the Center for
American Progress , has generated celebratory headlines in the media about
women ’s advances in the workplace while ignoring the many stark realities in the report .
And what is all too true of complex and contradictory
issues , the joint investigation is being whittled down by the media both to factoids lacking in
context and to emotional anecdotes , though many of the statistics
packed into the 454 - page report are hair - raising .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
•
Women spend 68 percent more on their health care than men during their prime
childbearing years .
•
Women who suffer domestic abuse spend 42 percent more on their health care than
non-abused women .
•
Employers lose 3 billion to 5 billion dollars annually from the lost worker productivity
of domestic violence survivors , perpetrators and colleagues .
•
One in five women delay seeking medical care because they ca n’t get time off
from work .
•
53 percent of college graduates breastfeed their babies , while only 29 percent
of high school graduates do so .
One citation not likely to see the light of the day on your
favorite morning show is the third rail of women ’s health issues — the effects
of class and race discrimination on childbearing :
" Popular
culture tends to blame women for “ selfishly ” focusing on their careers when
they delay having children , but a complex set of incentives pressures white ,
affluent women to reproduce more and work less — among them the “ opt - out ” myth ,
the “ mommy wars ” debate , and the
celebration of multiple births by white , married women — while pressuring low -
and middle - income women and women of color to reproduce less and work more .
Women
of color in particular are concentrated in low - wage occupations at the bottom
end of the labor market that intensify the work - family tension .
The low - skilled
jobs most commonly occupied by women offer few benefits , irregular hours , and
minimal time off , rendering them the least conducive for care giving . "
Shriver gets credit for being willing to make such an
unabashedly frank statement on an enormously controversial issue in the report .
But that and its equally important findings on health disparities are
undermined by several breezy and unsupported claims that " the gender
war " is over and women ’s equality has magically been achieved merely by
reaching 50 percent parity to the number of men in the workforce .
This notion is being happily parroted by a sound bite - driven news media to the exclusion of
other relevant data .
That ’s not to say that there is n’t good news in the study .
An exclusive public opinion poll conducted by TIME magazine
and the Rockefeller Foundation offers an encouraging glimpse of historically
more enlightened personal views on gender relations .
•
77 percent of Americans believe the rise of women in the workforce is a net
positive for society
•
Women who have children are just as committed to their jobs as women who do not
have children , 83 percent of women and 73 percent of men agreed , respectively .
•
85 percent of women and 79 percent of men said that compared to previous
generations , it is now more acceptable for men to be stay - at - home dads .
•
78 percent of women agreed that it is possible for a single woman to have a
fulfilling life , while two - thirds of men said so .
•
89 percent of men and women are comfortable with women earning more money than men
in a household .
Unfortunately , few of these modern work - life perspectives
have penetrated either the private workplace or the public institutions which continue to
perpetuate unfair work practices , advance multitudes of other disparities that
create barriers to true equality between men and women and seriously compromise
women ’s health .
For all of the fanfare arising from Shriver ’s recent media
blitz , starting with a plum appearance on the venerable political show ,
" Meet the Press " as part of NBC News ’ week - long series of feature
stories , surprisingly little attention has been devoted to the practical
realities of transforming outdated workplace and public policies , especially on
the hottest topic in the nation right now — health care reform .
The study details the usual workplace barriers to obtaining
affordable health insurance , routine policies of charging women higher premium
costs and rationing coverage , and chemical and toxic hazards in the workplace
that can affect reproductive health , fertility and fetal development .
The American Association of University Women takes a stab at
making a broad range of health care , workplace and educational policy
suggestions to complement the report .
Of particular note are AAUW ’s calls to ban gender - rated
health insurance premiums , increase Title X funding for reproductive health
care , expand prescription drug coverage for contraception services and end
ineffective abstinence - only sex education programs .
But while the ongoing health insurance reform debate in
Congress is at the forefront of the public ’s mind , the complete media blackout
on women ’s health disparities in the report is troubling .
Print and broadcast news gleefully reported the enormously
ignorant statements about maternal health , abortion funding and end - of - life care that nearly derailed the recent U.S. Senate discussion on
health care reform .
But not one major news outlet has covered the Shriver
Report ’s section on reproductive health disparities , since its Oct. 16 release ,
with the exception of TIME , which made a passing mention in its most
recent issue .
All the while , the American
public remains in the dark about the stark new realities of health care —
women , as a greater proportion of primary breadwinners , have difficulty
securing insurance , their workplace risks are largely unaddressed and their
medical care is overtly politicized .
But one thing is certain , the remaining
publicity tour over the course of this week will either elevate the Shriver
Report as a critical tipping point in history to help pass needed health care
reforms or , as Gloria Steinem notes in her essay at the Women ’s Media
Center , it will meet " the dusty fate of so many other reports and opinion
polls . "
In a move that may put Mexico City at odds with the rest of the country , the local legislature approved a far - reaching gay rights bill Monday , voting to allow people of the same sex to marry and to adopt children .
The leftist - dominated legislature of this massive city of about 20 million people turned aside opposition from the influential Roman Catholic Church and ended lively debate to approve the measure by a 39 - 20 vote .
Mayor Marcelo Ebrard is expected to sign the bill into law .
“ Mexico City has put itself in the vanguard , ” said legislator Victor Hugo Romo .
“ This is a historic day . ”
Mexico City ’s initiative goes further than any other in Latin America by rewriting the law to redefine marriage as a “ free union between two people , ” not only between a man and a woman .
It gives homosexual couples the same rights as heterosexual pairs , including the right to adopt , inherit , obtain joint housing loans and share insurance policies .
Advertisement
Several countries , most of them in Europe , and a handful of U.S. states have legalized same - sex marriage in recent years , and the issue is being hotly debated in parts of predominantly Roman Catholic Latin America .
Uruguay was the first Latin American nation to recognize same - sex unions , as well as adoptions by gay couples , and some cities in Argentina have adopted similar laws .
Proponents praised the bill as helping remove the stigma and discriminatory practices that hurt gays , while opponents decried what they called an affront to the institution of family .
“ This is wonderful , ” gay rights activist Judith Vasquez said from the noisy legislature floor , where proponents chanted , “ Yes , we could ! ” and waved rainbow flags .
Gay “ couples have effectively been together for years , decades , centuries , ” she said .
“ But now it is our right . ”
Most of the opposition in the city ’s legislature came from President Felipe Calderon ’s conservative National Action Party , which has threatened to take the city to court if Ebrard does not veto the measure .
Advertisement
Also opposed was the Roman Catholic Church , which labeled the proposal immoral , saying marriage must hold the promise of procreation .
Cardinal Norberto Rivera Carrera said the law created the “ perverse possibility ” that “ innocent children ” would be adopted by gay couples .
“ It is an aberration , ” said activist Jorge Serrano Limon .
“ Marriage can not be between men .
That is absurd . ”
Mexico City , as a rule , is less conservative than much of the rest of the country , relatively open to sexual freedoms and expressions .
Under Ebrard and his Democratic Revolution Party , or PRD , which controls the legislature , Mexico City has been at the forefront of social policy , often taking stances a far distance from other parts of the country .
Advertisement
The city , for example , legalized abortion in 2007 , a decision that has since backfired and prompted states across Mexico to dig in their heels against abortion .
“ They have given Mexicans a very bitter Christmas , ” Armando Martinez Gomez , president of the College of Catholic Attorneys , told The Times .
“ They have eliminated the word ‘ father ’ and ‘ mother . ’ ”
It was unclear when Ebrard planned to sign the gay rights bill into law , and Martinez called on the mayor to veto the bill .
He noted that it went even further than the city executive had intended when legislators removed a clause that would have forbidden adoption .
PAN lawmakers also demanded that Ebrard exercise his veto .
Advertisement
Martinez and other opponents had sought a citywide referendum on the issue , similar to the one California held last year , instead of a vote in the legislature .
He said surveys taken by his organization showed overwhelming opposition to same - sex marriage .
( Another survey published last week by the Reforma newspaper showed opinion more evenly divided . )
He also predicted a backlash against gays .
“ There will be repercussions , the unleashing of homophobia .
Ours is not a very tolerant society . ”
Before Monday ’s vote , Mexico City already had on the books a law that allowed a kind of legal union between unmarried people , under which they could avail themselves of a limited number of services and benefits .
Only 680 couples have done so since the law took effect in 2007 .
It was unclear how many gays and lesbians might be expected to rush to the altar ( or , as required in Mexico , the judge ’s chambers ) .
Advertisement
“ For centuries , unfair laws prohibited marriage between whites and blacks , between Europeans and Indians , ” legislator Romo , of the PRD , said .
“ Today , all the barriers have disappeared . ”
wilkinson@latimes.com
Times staff writer Ken Ellingwood contributed to this report .
Here are 7 reasons , in no order of priority , of why the 2010 Formula One World Championship is shaping up to be one of the most interesting and exciting championships ever :
1 ) Button & Hamilton at McLaren – The current and former F1 Champions racing together in the same team .
Both are British , racing in a British team but with very different driving styles that has been compared to the different styles of Prost and Senna .
Regardless of who you support or comparisons to other rivalries , everyone wants to see if Jenson can measure up to and even beat Lewis ?
2) Alonso at Ferrari –
The double world champion is now thankfully back in a competitive car with the most prestigious team in F1 history .
Always ultra-competitive , he will be counting the milliseconds down until he can start challenging for race victories again .
Whether he will be champion or not , who knows , but he will definitely be in thick of the action this year .
3 ) Michael Schumacher is back –
The most successful racing driver ever in F1 history returns to the sport with the current champion constructor , Brawn GP , now called Mercedes GP .
This is very exciting .
Massive debate has already taken place as to why he is doing it and whether he can be as good as he was before .
Even if he ’s not at his peak , he will still be very competitive and will feature highly throughout the year .
He will give Mercedes GP expert technical input into how to develop their car over the year .
4 ) Refuelling Ban –
All drivers will have to start the race with enough fuel to finish it which will mean for the first time in over 15 years that drivers really will have to learn how to manage their tyres and fuel consumption .
Drivers known to have aggressive driving styles ( e.g. Alonso & Hamilton ) will need to adapt in 2010 to be successful .
This will make for interesting races as drivers who are more careful early on will be quicker in the later stages of the race .
Drivers will need to be quick and smart .
5 ) At least 4 Teams at the front –
At this moment in time , it is expected that McLaren , Ferrari , Mercedes GP and Red Bull will all be up at the front challenging for victories and points .
Normally , we get one or maybe two teams fighting it out , but this year we will have a minimum of 4 teams that will be closely matched .
It will vary from track to track and as the year progresses , but it is unlikely that one team will be head and shoulders above the rest .
6 ) Change in Points – 2010 will see a change to the points system that will reward more points to those who finish higher up with the top 10 drivers receiving points as follows : 25-20-15-10-8-6-5-3-2 - 1 .
This is similar to the Moto GP points system and the aim is to encourage drivers to overtake and get race wins rather than settle for points .
7 ) New Teams on the Grid – The arrival of Lotus , Virgin , US F1 and Campos Meta will definitely have an impact on the sport and we will all be interested to see how competitive they are ?
Bernie Ecclestone has even recently questioned whether they will even make the first race of the season .
It will be exciting to see them on the grid as well as observe talents of new drivers such as Bruno Senna , the nephew of Ayrton Senna .
Just one of these reasons alone would make the championship interesting , but combine them together and we are looking at what hopefully will be one of closest fought and exciting championships ever .
Every practice , qualifying , race and point will count .
I can not wait .
— — — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Jake McMillan
Imagine being a successful personal trainer and ab - tastic underwear model .
Now imagine intentionally gaining nearly 90 pounds .
Sounds crazy , right ?
[+]
Enlarge Blush Photography Paul James modeled skivvies with his sculpted body prior to intentionally gaining nearly 90 pounds .
Do n't tell that to Paul " PJ " James .
Last New Year 's
Eve , while many people resolved to swear off sweets or cigarettes , the 176 - pound Australian stud committed to fattening his figure -- the same figure that was walking a catwalk in Milan a year ago .
Why ?
James was having a difficult time relating to heavier gym patrons .
" I always got along well with my clients , but there was a little bit of a bridge that I could n't cross , " James said .
" Having never been overweight myself , it was really hard to understand what people go through -- what it feels like to go to the gym for the first time and how to get motivated .
These are things I thought were real easy to address . "
For many patrons at James ' workplace , Doherty 's Gym in Melbourne , Australia -- where muscled jocks reign supreme -- it was easy to address .
The members page on the Doherty 's Gym Web site looks as if it was lifted from a Mr. Universe contest .
But James wanted to be able to understand all his clients .
Swapping ab crunches for crunch bars and bicep curls for curly fries , James was able to gain 88 pounds in just three months .
In fact , he once ate four large pizzas in one sitting ( 14,400 calories in an hour and a half , by his calculation ) and he even tackled a breakfast of 30 pancakes from Maccas ( that 's McDonald's , for those not up on Australian lingo ) , using soda to wash it all down .
Though every inch of James ' journey -- and waist -- is being featured in the upcoming documentary " Fat and Back , " he insisted his social experiment is not " Super Size Me 2.0 . "
" I went out of my way not to eat McDonald 's , actually , " James said with a laugh .
" I did n't want to be associated with another documentary like that . "
Instead , James set out to inspire overweight people to break their bad habits and hit the gym .
But first , he had to walk a little farther in their shoes .
After reaching his weight goal of 265 pounds , James spent the following three months maintaining it .
The once - fit 32 - year - old began to notice more than just the 12 extra inches on his waistline .
He experienced muscle pain , increased fatigue and dangerous spikes in cholesterol and blood sugar .
Doctors worried about the curvature of his spine , now bent to uphold a seemingly pregnant stomach .
James ' friends teased him as if he were the Pillsbury Doughboy .
Even his boss got a kick out of the way James ' nipple piercing dangled from his newly formed man boob .
But James also admitted to underestimating the emotional toll of going from Melbourne 's fab to 32 percent body - fat flab .
" I definitely overlooked the mental side of things and did n't realize how difficult it would really be . "
Things got even tougher for the newly self - conscious James when it came time to lose the weight .
He had n't worked out since December and had been engorged in an obese lifestyle for six months .
" The transition back into training was the hardest moment for me because I just did n't have any desire to train at all , and I was addicted to fat and sugar at the same time so my motivation was at an all - time low . "
[+]
Enlarge Blush Photography James goes to work trying to shed his newfound gut .
James says it took about six weeks of training and willpower to finally kick his addiction to junk food and start eating healthy food consistently again .
Today , James is under 220 pounds and confident he can work his way back to his former physique by Jan. 1 -- a year of trials and tribulations come full circle .
James admits he 's still open to photo shoots and underwear work , but he's also hoping he can use an online forum to encourage people struggling with weight loss to post their own results and questions .
" It 's all about motivation , " James explained .
" I want to move on and do more training on a wider scale with people from all over the world . "
Filming for " Fat And Back " will conclude in January , and James hopes to have it released either theatrically or as a cable series by April .
Kaitee Daley is an editor for ESPN.com .
More Page 2
The Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge ( aka The Royal Society ) is celebrating is 350th birthday next year .
Spun out in part of the fantastically cool Invisible College , the Royal Society 's members have included Isaac Newton , Robert Hooke , Charles Darwin , Tim Berners - Lee , Lise Meitner , Stephen Hawking , Marie Curie , Francis Crick , and countless other smart folks .
The organization kicks off its big anniversary year with Trailblazing , a new interactive timeline that includes 60 choice articles from the journal Philosophical Transactions .
From the Royal Society 's announcement :
Leading scientists and historians have chosen 60 articles from amongst the 60,000 published since the journal first began in 1665 .
Trailblazing will make the original manuscripts available online for the first time alongside fascinating insights from modern - day experts who are continuing the work of scientific giants such as Newton , Hooke , Faraday and Franklin and making vital new breakthroughs of their own in areas such as genetics , physics , climate change and medicine .
Highlights include :
• The gruesome account of an early blood transfusion ( 1666 )
• Captain James
Cook 's explanation of how he protected his crew from scurvy aboard HMS Resolution ( 1776 )
• Stephen Hawking 's early writing on black holes ( 1970 )
• Benjamin Franklin's account of flying a kite in a storm to identify the electrical nature of lightning – the Philadelphia Experiment ( 1752 )
• Sir Isaac Newton 's landmark paper on the nature of light and colour ( 1672 )
• A scientific study of a young Mozart confirming him as a musical child genius ( 1770 )
• The Yorkshire cave discovery of the fossilized remains of elephant , tiger , bear and hyena heralding the study of deep time ( 1822 )
Day 37 , Disregard the calendar , June 7th , 2009 .
After two weeks of summer - like weather , snow arrived in Two Medicine .
I was probably the only guy in camp welcoming it .
I like snowy shots .
Climbed about 500 feet above the trail to get this photo of a bighorn ram overlooking the valley .
Climbing with a 400 mm on your back is challenging , even if it 's just a scramble up some scree .
The snow got so hard it became difficult to see anything .
The weather said two to eight inches , but it ended up being a dusting , but frigid .
My water bottles froze .
The next morning I would completely forget that I left the 400 and the camera and the monopod sitting on the picnic table at camp .
When I realized what I had done I almost threw up .
Leaving the 400 and the camera behind is like losing a child at a rodeo ( which I 've done ) .
I raced back to the campsite and it was still there , on the table and a fine lady from the Park Service was yelling into the trees , looking for its owner .
Bless her heart .
( © Chris Peterson ) #
Saying he was now “ paroled to my Father in heaven , ” a convicted killer in Ohio on Tuesday became the first person in the United States to be executed with a one - drug intravenous lethal injection .
The new method , which involved a large dose of anesthetic , akin to how animals are euthanized , has been hailed by most experts as painless and an improvement over the three - drug cocktail used in all other states that employ lethal injection , but it is unlikely to settle the debate over the death penalty .
While praising the shift to a single drug , death penalty opponents argue that Ohio ’s new method , and specifically its backup plan of using intramuscular injection if the authorities are unable to find a usable vein , has not been properly vetted by legal and medical experts .
Since it had never been tried on humans before , they contend it is the equivalent of human experimentation .
But the United States Supreme Court refused to intervene on Tuesday morning , and the procedure went largely as planned .
Put Decades Of Experience In Your Corner
The Harris Law Offices , PC , LLO , has been providing aggressive representation to injured clients for 35 years .
Led by founding lawyer James R. Harris , we are committed to helping those who have suffered serious injuries in either workplace accidents or other types of accident cases .
We know that these injuries can leave you struggling to return to health , and it can be difficult to make ends meet while you are dealing with your recovery .
If you have been injured due to the negligence of others , we work hard to hold those parties and their insurers responsible for your condition .
If you need to obtain benefits under the workers ’ compensation system , we are ready to demonstrate why you should be entitled to the compensation that you deserve .
Our practice is focused on protecting the claims of individuals who have been seriously injured , including :
Helping injured truckers , nurses , construction workers and other injured workers obtain the benefits they deserve after a workplace injury
Representing individuals injured in car , motorcycle or truck accidents
Protecting the claims of families who have lost a loved one or suffered serious injuries in personal injury cases
These cases are often much more complex than they appear .
While you may be tempted to handle your case on your own , you will not know the true value of your claims unless you speak to an experienced Nebraska attorney .
We will provide you with a thorough review of your case , and immediately begin working to help you recover the compensation and benefits that you deserve .
FLORESVILLE , Texas -
Ruins that archeologists call one of the last links to the original ranches and cowboys that shaped Texas have been kept behind a gate , literally buried , for more than two decades - awaiting the funding that would allow people to see them .
The 18th - century Rancho de las Cabras complex , with its stone building remains , was a birthplace of the large commercial ranching operations that would help define the state .
Preservationists have long hoped it could be fully excavated and opened to the public , but the site has been unable to attract the money it would need from Congress or the National Park Service ’s stretched budget .
“ It ’s one of these kind of once - in - a - lifetime sites .
You ’re not going to be able to see something like this anywhere else in the world , ’’ said Park Service archeologist Susan Snow .
“ The mission ranches brought what we know today as the modern cattle industry . ’’
The 100 - acre site about 30 miles southeast of San Antonio was donated 32 years ago to the state , which handed it to the Park Service nearly 15 years ago as an addition to the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park .
Texas park officials realized in the 1980s that they could n’t afford to protect the ruins , so they covered the walls with sand in an effort to prevent them from disintegrating before archeologists could fully document and shore up the site .
Until a month ago , no one had seen them since .
Archeologists from the Park Service and the University of Texas - San Antonio removed some of the sand to see how the walls were holding up and found them - some several feet high with their mortar disintegrated - still standing .
There is still no money to preserve the site , so the park service reburied the walls to protect them from the elements and the feral hogs that roam the area .
Park Superintendent Scott Bentley estimates it would take $ 3 million to $ 4 million to preserve and open the site to the public .
It would cost $ 300,000 to $ 400,000 annually to operate it .
Plans were drawn up a decade ago and missions park officials hoped their request would soon be funded .
But the site is in a queue with other proposed projects , and Rancho de las Cabras has received funding only for relatively modest road improvements or maintenance .
Otherwise , it needs a congressional appropriation - something Park Service employees are barred from directly lobbying for .
Rancho de las Cabras , like other mission ranches in south Texas , was built by the Spaniards as a source of wealth for its mission community , Mission Espada .
The missions were founded to turn indigenous tribes into Spanish citizens , and the communities were built with farms and ranches to offer financial support and protection from the raiding Apache and Comanche Indians .
Each mission had a prominent church , since the native residents had to convert to Catholicism to become Spanish citizens .
The ranches were used to graze cattle , goats , and sheep .
The Spanish transplants and Indian converts who drove herds to the mission compounds for slaughter every 10 days were Texas ’ first cowboys , Snow said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
using your computer is better .
But earning money on the go is the best . ]
There are times when you just want to win or earn money without going anywhere .
You just have to pick up your phone and you ’re good to go , but is it really that simple ?
Here we look at six of the best iPhone casino apps that will offer gamblers a chance to win big on the go .
Unibet Casino
Unibet Casino brings users the Vegas experience that you can only get on this app .
They have a collection of quality casino games that every Casino fan should at least try once .
There are over 250 mobile casino games that will keep you going , although they specialize in their slot games .
Betway Casino : Slots & Games
When it comes to earning money through mobile games , Betway Casino is the way to go considering that it ’s one of the giants in the online gambling industry .
As a result , you ’ll find that their bonuses are off the charts compared to other mobile casino games .
Betfair Casino and Roulette
Betfair Casino and Roulette is one of the top - notch gambling apps there is that you can access for free on iOS devices such as iPhone and iPad as well as Android devices .
You can win real money through casino games and there are demo games as well .
888 Casino
Another big name when it comes to the mobile online gambling industry is 888 Casino and it ’s also similar to Betfair Casino and Roulette in the way that you can access it using your iPad , iPhone , and Android devices .
There are a variety of games that you can play for real money .
Plus , they offer a deposit bonus .
Casino.com
Casino.com is a great casino app to get started with gambling in casinos to earn money .
This is because they offer exclusive bonuses and it ’s available on iOS and Android devices .
It ’s so great that you can check their ratings and see 4.9 out of 5 .
There are 120 mobile casino games with both real money and demo versions .
William Hill Vegas
Lastly , if you want to play jackpot Slots and table games , William Hill Vegas is another great app .
However , if you ’re looking for a roulette game to play on your phone , do n’t look for anything else besides this app .
These are six of the best apps for gamblers looking to earn money on the spot .
There are times when you can be depressed due to the loss you ’re getting .
However , you should remember that gambling is gambling , and if you want to increase your winning chances , you may check out casino podcasts for tips and advice .
Ben S. Bernanke does n't know how lucky he is .
Tongue - lashings from Bernie Sanders , the populist senator from Vermont , are one thing .
The hangman 's noose is another .
Section 19 of this country 's founding monetary legislation , the Coinage Act of 1792 , prescribed the death penalty for any official who fraudulently debased the people 's money .
Was the massive printing of dollar bills to lift Wall Street ( and the rest of us , too ) off the rocks last year a kind of fraud ?
If the U.S. Senate so determines , it may send Mr. Bernanke back home to Princeton .
But not even Ron Paul , the Texas Republican sponsor of a bill to subject ...
Choose The Right Hemorrhoid Treatment
The CRH O’Regan System is appropriate for more than 95 % of hemorrhoid patients .
Only the most severe cases require surgery ( hemorrhoidectomy ) , which is just one more reason not to delay treatment .
If you wait too long — and your hemorrhoids grow too large — your non-surgical options decrease .
Here , we will compare hemorrhoid treatments to help you decide which option is right for you .
Topical ointments and creams are often a chosen method of treatment for hemorrhoid sufferers .
Though these creams and similar over the counter remedies may temporarily relieve some of the minor symptoms of hemorrhoids , they do nothing about the underlying problem .
For this reason patients will typically experience recurrent symptoms and flare - ups unless something is done to addresses the hemorrhoids themselves .
The CRH O’Regan System treats the hemorrhoids , not the symptoms — making products like Preparation H unnecessary .
Less than 0.2 % of patients treated with our advanced technique experienced significant post - procedure pain or bleeding ( compared to the 4 – 29 % noted as the chief complaint after other rubber banding techniques ) .
Our method is also faster , more accurate and has virtually no downtime .
Over the years , a number of new treatments have been devised for hemorrhoids , but none has outperformed the CRH O’Regan System .
Among them are infrared photocoagulation , or the use of lasers to burn the hemorrhoid tissue , and stapled hemorrhoidectomy , a surgical variation that uses a circular stapler device that interrupts the circulation of the hemorrhoid .
Compare Hemorrhoid Treatment Options
Average
Procedure Time Average
Recovery Time Pain Medication CRH O’Regan System 30 sec. – 1 min. 0 – 1 day No Conventional Rubber Banding 5 – 10 min 0 – 3 day Often Prescribed Infrared Coagulation ( IRC ) 30 sec. – 3 min. 0 – 1 day Often Prescribed Stapled Hemorrhoidectomy 15 – 90 min. 0 – 10 day Yes Conventional Hemorrhoidectomy 40 – 90 min. 0 – 10 day Yes
Find a physician in your area to stop your suffering now .
Click here to find out which treatment option is right for you .
If you are a physician looking to incorporate the CRH O’Regan System into your practice , please visit our Physician site here .
Intel told Ars today that its long - delayed Larrabee discrete graphics product has suffered yet another delay , so the company has had to " reset " its overall GPU strategy and reposition plans and its expectations for the first version of the Larrabee product .
Specifically , Larrabee v1 is so delayed that , at the time it eventually launches , it just wo n't be competitive as a discrete graphics part , so Intel plans to wring some value out of it by putting it out as a test - bed for doing multicore graphics and supercomputing development .
Intel will eventually put out a GPU , but may not be the one we 've been calling " Larrabee " for the past few years .
If the fact that Larrabee is " launching " not as a GPU , but as a kind of multicore graphics demo unit , sounds like a cancellation to you , that 's because it kinda sorta is .
It 's not a cancellation in the sense that Intel is throwing in the towel on discrete graphics , because that 's definitely not the case .
The company reiterated that it still plans to launch a many - core discrete graphics product , but wo n't be saying anything about that future product until sometime next year .
Whatever it is , it wo n't be the hardware / software combination that it previously announced , and that we described in our coverage of Intel 's big August 2008 Larrabee reveal .
It will be something else , and Intel would n't even characterize the relationship of that future something to the current Larrabee product .
The main issue behind the delay , it appears , was the hardware .
That 's not surprising , because Larrabee is a big , complex part , and it 's quite a departure from anything that Intel has done .
The hardware delay would have resulted in a software delay , and if Intel were to launch Larrabee with an immature software stack then it would be roadkill as a GPU .
Even though Intel could n't have the Larrabee software ready on a timeframe that would make it competitive with NVIDIA and ATI ( again , Larrabee is really a hardware / software hybrid GPU ) , the chipmaker can still push out the hardware itself and let others have a go at using it for graphics and HPC .
Hence the plan to release it as a development platform for doing multi- and many - core research for HPC and graphics .
The Larrabee delay is obviously great news for NVIDIA , and even better news for AMD .
This leaves both competitors to share the market for discrete GPUs , and quite possibly next - gen game consoles , for the next two years .
NVIDIA 's underlying long - term problems ( the death of its integrated graphics processor market and the ongoing decline in the high - end discrete GPU market ) are still there .
And AMD still has well - documented challenges of its own as it struggles to regroup and return to growth after a brutally punishing few quarters of layoffs and cost-cutting .
But execs at both companies have got to be high - fiving each other right now .
As for Intel 's long - term future in the discrete GPU market , we 'll have to wait until next year before we know more .
Thankfully , that 's just around the corner .
Well I in fact just smoked some catnip and like some1 said up there I dnt feel high like I do on weed I just dnt feel normal I feel a lil buzzed but it took alot .
Like at least a 3 / 4 of a dime .
Not that I bought or it wuz n a dime but it wuz about that .
N I did n't hallucinate any but I did feel different .
I wuz jus bored n I had a lot of catnip n I wanted 2 try out my new homemade bong ( it did n't work the best but it worked ) n I had been wanton 2 try it so I wuz like wat the hell .
But 2 hungyman or who ever asked the question , it 's quite different u will have to try it your self .
It 's not the best I ever felt but it felt ok .
It 's startin to give me a small head ache but that 's about all the after effect iz .
A lil hungry but not like u r after u smoke weed .
But it sure did feel different .
O and to all u nikkas up there tlkin shit bout that dr jon dude y'all need 2 shut the fuck up cuz wat he says makes sense n y'all dnt no if he a fake .
Shit he sounds real 2 me .
N catnip iz plausible wat ever the fuck that means n every1 proved that .
N global warmin I hav no comment on cuz shit iz meltin up there but dat dnt mean it 's our fault .
Cuz does n't the sun get hotter the older it gets ...??
But that 's it .
Legalize Weed n 2009 .
I 'm out
Metal Gear Solid is one of the best franchises in video games history to date .
Besides being my personal favourite , Metal Gear Solid is the pinnacle of storytelling and technical achievement in video games .
We at GamingBolt revisit some of the moments which were actually responsible for making the franchise great .
The series is full of stunning moments so it would be impossible to list all of them over here , but we have tried our best to pick some special ones .
Note : Spoilers ahead .
Also
It might be possible that your favorite moment might not be listed here , but you can always mention it in the comments section below .
Metal Gear Solid
Solid Snake takes down the HIND D
So Solid Snake reaches the top of the communication tower and much to his surprise he finds Liquid Snake in a Hind D. Liquid intimidates Solid by saying : ” So the Snake is finally out of his hole ? ”
After that , the battle that ensues between the two is amazing .
I still remember back in 2000 when I first played this game , it took me over an hour to take that Hind D down and man that was damn satisfying .
Battle against Psycho Mantis
This has to be one of the most unique battles in video games history .
Not just for the fact that the boss battle is amazing and challenging for its time , but the way Psycho Mantis uses his psychokinetic powers to make your controller vibrate and the occasional blackout were truly amazing for its time .
Conversation between Meryl and Solid Snake before and after Meryl gets hit by Sniper Wolf
One of the best emotional scenes in Metal Gear Solid is just before getting shot .
The conversation between Meryl and Solid Snake is brilliant , much better than any Hollywood movie can offer .
The way that Meryl asks questions to Snake and then he answers them are one of the best .
In the second video when Meryl gets shot by Sniper Wolf , the music is so touching , it really represents that someone is dying and the dire state in which Meryl is .
Update :
The videos are no longer available .
Gray
Fox sacrifices himself
Gray Fox .
Rest in peace .
Easily one of the best characters after Solid Snake in the entire franchise , just for the fact that his heroics in the game were lauded by everyone .
A cornered Fox is more dangerous than a jackal .
Check this video out now .
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Liquid Snake finally Dies …
Liquid Snake was hard to defeat .
We took his Hind D down , even had a hand to hand battle , still the guy wo n’t give up .
But Solid Snake had the last laugh , Liquid finally succumbing to Fox ….. DIE !
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Metal Gear Solid 2 : Sons of Liberty
Opening Cinematic
Everyone knew that a sequel will be released to the critically acclaimed Metal Gear Solid .
At E3 2001 Hideo Kojima made fans drop their jaws when they saw this opening cinematic for Sons Of Liberty .
Check it out .
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Liquid Snake takes down the U.S.S. Discovery
This is the first time we see Liquid Snake in action , but in the mind of Revolver Ocelot .
After that he hijacks Metal Gear Ray and absolutely destroys the tanker .
Poor Solid Snake is held responsible .
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Solid Snake and Otacon handshaking
I really do n’t have any words for this moment .
The level of emotion in that handshake is just too deep to write about in a few words .
Otacon has just lost his sister and still Solid Snake trusts his buddy Otacon to save the hostages .
Check this out .
Raiden finally finding a new path in his life
After killing Solidus Snake in style , Raiden is left stranded .
Out comes Solid Snake and teaches the kid a few lessons in life .
Check them out .
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Metal Gear Solid 3 : Snake Eater
Opening Cinematic : Halo Jump
Easily one of the best opening scenes in the entire Metal Gear Solid series , Naked Snake is assigned on a mission to Russia and the “ Halo Jump ” was sensational .
Later on his armor bag gets stuck on the tree and the way he lands on the ground is jaw dropping .
Battle between Naked Snake and The End
The End is perhaps one of the longest boss battles I have ever fought .
I still remember in 2004 , the old man was really hard to beat , taking over three hours to finally get him out .
The reason why it was so challenging is since The End used his camouflage to full effect .
Final conversation between The Boss and Naked Snake
How does it feel when you have killed your mother - like mentor ?
We ca n’t say .
In one of the most dramatic endings to a video game , Naked Snake kills The Boss to get the title of Big Boss .
This is where things go dark and sets the scene for the rest of the games in the franchise .
Motorbike Chase Sequence
What can get better than a woman driving a bike ?
This is one of those scenes where you have to save your ass from Volgin in Snake Eater .
This sequence involves a lot of action and some hardcore shooting .
Check it out .
Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots
Motor Bike chase sequence with Big Mama
Pretty similar to the one found in Snake Eater , but this time you are being accompanied by Big Mama who is of course the aged Eva .
The reason why I have mentioned it here is during the chase scene you will have to face against the FROGS and PMC’s and the some of the slow motion effects in between are stunning .
Solid Snake going through the microwave
We all cry in real life when somebody breaks your heart or you see some poor cat starving .
But this is one of the rare instances where I have cried , just by seeing Old Snake passing through the microwave .
Watch it folks , this one is for the history books .
Snake ’s half face getting burned and Big Mama passing off
After Liquid Ocelots gains control of GW , he causes mayhem by destroying every damn thing from helicopters to guns .
In this brutal display of violence Snake loses his mother and also gets his face burnt .
Solid Snake and Big Boss at the graveyard
How shocking would it be to see a man you have killed long back and after a few years you see him standing right in front of you .
Disturbing … right ?
In his final farewell Solid Snake finally makes peace with his dying father .
Liquid Ocelot and Solid Snake in one last duel
Liquid and Solid in one last duel will always equal to something epic .
This one reaches to the level of fun which I had when I was fighting against The End in Snake Eater .
Check it out .
Update :
The video is no longer available .
Raiden cutting off his arm to save Solid Snake
Snake saved Raiden ’s ass in Sons of Liberty .
In Guns of the Patriots it was Raiden ’s turn .
Stuck under a heap of rubble , Raiden cuts his arms off to save Snake from Ocelot .
What ’s more ?
He stops the ship from crushing Snake .
And when he gives up , the way he screams ‘ Rose !’….. touching .
Honorable Mentions :
Your Browser does not have Scripting Enabled
Daric 's Virtual Lite - Brite is written entirely in JavaScript .
Your browser either does not support scripting or has the scripting option turned off .
To use Lite - Brite , you should enable scripting in your browser preferences .
return to happydaric.com
At Stanford , nanotubes + ink + paper = instant battery
Dip an ordinary piece of paper into ink infused with carbon nanotubes and silver nanowires , and it turns into a battery or supercapacitor .
Crumple the piece of paper , and it still works .
Stanford researcher Yi Cui sees many uses for this new way of storing electricity .
Stanford scientists are harnessing nanotechnology to quickly produce ultra- lightweight , bendable batteries and supercapacitors in the form of everyday paper .
Simply coating a sheet of paper with ink made of carbon nanotubes and silver nanowires makes a highly conductive storage device , said Yi Cui , assistant professor of materials science and engineering .
" Society really needs a low - cost , high - performance energy storage device , such as batteries and simple supercapacitors , " he said .
Like batteries , capacitors hold an electric charge , but for a shorter period of time .
However , capacitors can store and discharge electricity much more rapidly than a battery .
Cui's work is reported in the paper " Highly Conductive Paper for Energy Storage Devices , " published online this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" These nanomaterials are special , " Cui said .
" They 're a one - dimensional structure with very small diameters . "
The small diameter helps the nanomaterial ink stick strongly to the fibrous paper , making the battery and supercapacitor very durable .
The paper supercapacitor may last through 40,000 charge - discharge cycles – at least an order of magnitude more than lithium batteries .
The nanomaterials also make ideal conductors because they move electricity along much more efficiently than ordinary conductors , Cui said .
L.A. Cicero Bing
Hu , a post - doctoral fellow , prepares a small square of ordinary paper with an ink that will deposit nanotubes on the surface that can then be charged with energy to create a battery .
Cui had previously created nanomaterial energy storage devices using plastics .
His new research shows that a paper battery is more durable because the ink adheres more strongly to paper ( answering the question , " Paper or plastic ? " ) .
What 's more , you can crumple or fold the paper battery , or even soak it in acidic or basic solutions , and the performance does not degrade .
" We just have n't tested what happens when you burn it , " he said .
The flexibility of paper allows for many clever applications .
" If I want to paint my wall with a conducting energy storage device , " Cui said , " I can use a brush . "
In his lab , he demonstrated the battery to a visitor by connecting it to an LED ( light - emitting diode ) , which glowed brightly .
A paper supercapacitor may be especially useful for applications like electric or hybrid cars , which depend on the quick transfer of electricity .
The paper supercapacitor 's high surface - to - volume ratio gives it an advantage .
" This technology has potential to be commercialized within a short time , " said Peidong Yang , professor of chemistry at the University of California - Berkeley .
" I do n't think it will be limited to just energy storage devices , " he said .
" This is potentially a very nice , low - cost , flexible electrode for any electrical device . "
Cui predicts the biggest impact may be in large - scale storage of electricity on the distribution grid .
Excess electricity generated at night , for example , could be saved for peak - use periods during the day .
Wind farms and solar energy systems also may require storage .
" The most important part of this paper is how a simple thing in daily life – paper – can be used as a substrate to make functional conductive electrodes by a simple process , " Yang said .
" It 's nanotechnology related to daily life , essentially . "
Cui 's research team includes postdoctoral scholars Liangbing Hu and JangWook Choi , and graduate student Yuan Yang .
Janelle Weaver is a science - writing intern at the Stanford News Service .
Media Contact
Dan Stober , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 721-6965 , [ email protected ]
By Ilene
Tamiflu ( oseltamivir ) has been a big seller this year , with global sales soaring to $ 1.93 billion in the first nine months of 2009 , a 362 percent increase .
Driven by the threats of a swine flu pandemic , governments have been stockpiling the drug to the tune of $ 1.32 billion .
( Efficacy of Roche ’s Flu Drug Tamiflu In Doubt )
According to David Phillips :
Allegations have surfaced that Swiss drug maker Roche has misled governments and physicians alike on the efficacy of its popular drug Tamiflu in preventing complications , such as hospitalization from pneumonia or death , in otherwise healthy people afflicted with the flu — seasonal or the H1N1 ( swine flu ) version .
If the company is unconvincing in refuting such claims , more than its reputation could be sullied .
Leveraging global concerns over avian and swine flu , Roche has seamlessly raised awareness of the purported need to treat the complications associated with the seasonal flu too .
The company has successfully challenged conventional wisdom — that “ rest and aspirin ” be the preferred treatment option for seasonal flu — with marketing campaigns that resonate with reassuring efficacy claims for Tamiflu ( oseltamivir ) : reductions in hospital admissions , secondary complications ( including bronchitis , pneumonia , and sinusitis ) , and respiratory tract infections ( requiring antibiotics ) in otherwise healthy individuals of 61 percent , 67 percent , and 55 percent , respectively , according to Tamiflu media updates .
A scarcity of published data in the medical literature motivated the nonprofit research group Cochrane Collaboration to investigate — and verify — Tamiflu ’s alleged efficacy claims , particularly on the drug ’s effect on the risk of hospital admission and complications in otherwise healthy people with influenza .
The Cochrane review and a linked investigation undertaken jointly by the British Medical Journal and the local Channel 4 News cast doubt on the efficacy and safety of Tamiflu — and also raises disturbing questions on the drug ’s promotional and marketing activities condoned by regulators on both sides of the Atlantic .
Investigators disclosed that an often cited meta - analysis used as evidentiary support was based entirely on ten trials funded by Roche , only two of which were published in peer reviewed journals .
The Cochrane reviewers could find no independently funded trials of Tamiflu for healthy adults .
Troubling , too , former employees of the medical communcations company hired by Roche were alleged to have ghost written some of the manuscripts ….
Continue reading Efficacy of Roche ’s Flu Drug Tamiflu In Doubt .>>
As noted previously , in Swine Flu Virus : Changes and Consequences , the swine flu virus may be headed for greater degrees of tamiflu resistance as the genetic sequences conferring resistance ( represented by the " H274Y " marker ) are being passed to drug - sensitive viruses in a process called recombination .
This has happened before .
Tamiflu resistance was fixed in the seasonal H1N1 flu virus through this same process .
Moreover , the H274Y marker is occurring along with changes in the receptor binding domain of the virus .
Receptor binding domain changes appear to increase the potential severity of the infection .
As Dr. Henry Niman reports in Silent Spread of Tamiflu Resistance in Texas , Recombinomics Commentary , Dec. 16 , 2009 :
The recent reports by WHO and the CDC on the increased detection of H274Y [ i.e. genetic marker for tamiflu resistance ] in pandemic H1H1 has led to concerns that Tamiflu resistance is spreading and will become fixed , as happened to H274Y in seasonal flu .
These concerns were increased by the recent report of transmission of H274Y to seven healthy students during a July train ride in Vietnam …
The associate of H274Y with a receptor binding domain change raised concerns , because the fixing of H274Y in seasonal H1N1 also involved a receptor binding domain change , ...
The latest ECDC report on influenza also noted that the H274Y sequences from the Netherlands also were mixtures and suggested H274Y was due to spontaneous mutations within the patient .
However , there has been no evidence present to support spontaneous generation .
There have been several reports of H274Y in samples that were from patients who initially tested as wild type , but the detection of H274Y was shortly after the start of Tamiflu treatment , indicating the H274Y was detected because of selection of a minor population already present prior to treatment …
Dr. Niman continues to assemble pieces of the genetic puzzle pointing to higher numbers of the H274Y marker being found in swine flu viruses circulating throughout the world .
Today , he analyzed the sequences of viruses released in Japan and found the following :
Japan H1N1 Tamiflu Resistance Sequences Signal Fixing Start
December 19 , 2009
The National Institute of Infectious Diseases in Japan has released 68 full sets of H1N1 sequences from Japan .
A few sequences were collected in the spring and early summer , but most are from the late summer and fall and include eight sequences with H274Y .
Most of these Tamiflu resistance sequences are among the more recent isolates , signaling the recent spread of Tamilfu resistance … Additional sequences from Japan as well as other CDC sequences at GISAID indicate this sub-clade was widespread in both countries and H274Y was silently spreading .
The recently released sequences from Japan and the United States identified addition sub-clades with multiple isolates with H274Y suggesting spread via minor species was common and was likely linked to the recent explosion in H274Y sequences announce by the WHO and CDC .
Today the weekly CDC update ( week 49 ) described 15 new H274Y isolates which raised double of such isolates announced in the US in the past 5 weekly reports .
Similarly , 13 such isolates have been discovered recently in the Netherlands and recent H274Y cases in the US ( Utah ) and Netherlands have been fatal .
In addition , H274Y and D225N have been detected in the same host in the US ( Illinois ) and France and both cases were fatal .
There have also been three examples of H274Y paired with D225E , but the number of such sequences as minor species is likely to have been much higher .
The recent dramatic rise in Tamiflu sequences is defining the start of the fixing of H275Y in pandemic H1N1 , as happened in seasonal flu .
This fixing will be facilitated by the drop in cases , which eliminates competing genomes …
The drop in flu activity in the US and Japan will allow for the emergence of H274Y , which could happen in early 2010 when a new peak of activity forms .
Thus , these recent changes increase causes for concern .
In case you missed my recent article on the evolution of the flu virus , I ’ll reprint it here .
It helps in understanding the evolution of the flu virus , which is important in assessing the future possibilities of the H1N1 pandemic .
By Ilene with guest expert Dr. Henry Niman
Background
Dr. Henry Niman heads the research company Recombinomics Inc. Recombinomics has a small group of researchers who analyze the sequence data from viral samples isolated from patients diagnosed with swine flu .
Its website is a terrific place to find the newest information available .
Dr. Niman has kindly been answering my questions regarding the H1N1 virus , its evolution , and the implications regarding the spread of disease .
Because the terminology may be unfamiliar , a brief introduction may be helpful towards better understanding both the H1N1 virus and the swine flu disease .
Recombination
Flu viruses , including the H1N1 varieties , are known for quickly changing genetically .
Recombination is the driver of rapid molecular evolution , a process whereby small bits of genetic information pass between viruses so a virus may quickly acquire a genetic variation that has previously evolved and already exists in the viral reservoir ( the pool of viruses circulating in a population ) .
Unlike sporadic mutations , recombination reflects the acquisition of genetic material that has withstood the Darwinian test of time .
Compared to sporadic mutation , recombination is a quicker , non-random mechanism for genetic change .
Changes in the H1N1 viral genome are natural .
The viral reservoir consists of wild - type viruses ( the predominant viruses ) and low levels of variants carrying a variety of different sequences called “ polymorphisms . ”
While recombination is not the currently favored theory regarding how flu viruses evolve , Dr. Niman believes it is the correct theory .
The theory of recombination as a mechanism for genetic change has led to accurate predictions about how the flu virus would evolve as infection rates increase .
As the size of the viral reservoir continues to expand , viruses with genetic differences , “ polymorphisms , ” become more evident .
Ukraine Outbreak
The outbreak in Ukraine was initially described in many media reports as a new lung - blackening “ mystery disease , ” leading to many false and misleading Internet stories .
According to Dr. Niman , it was clear from the start that H1N1 was killing an unusually high number of previously healthy young adults …
( See Flu News : D225G Follow - up )
Dr. Niman wrote a number of commentaries on the rising death toll and the need to make the sequences public .
He predicted the deaths would be associated with a receptor binding domain change in the wild - type H1N1 virus ( the predominant virus ) to a variant form , characterized by the D225G genetic marker .
Wild - type H1N1 has a D ( the symbol for aspartic acid ) at position 225 of the viral protein Hemagglutinin ( HA ) , and is referred to as “ D225 . ”
The function of the HA protein is to bind viral particles to susceptible cells in the host animal .
The variant protein , D225G , has a change in position 225 , where the amino acid glycine ( G ) replaces aspartic acid .
Hemagglutinin is one of two surface proteins projecting out from the surface of the virus .
The D225G marker represents a change in a single nucleotide in the virus ’s genetic sequence encoding the HA protein .
The amino acid change in the virus ’s receptor binding protein allows the virus to bind receptors in lung tissue with greater affinity than the more usual binding in the upper airways , where the wild - type D225 protein binds .
Theoretically , this may confer greater virulence , potentially leading to more severe disease as the virus invades deeper in the lungs .
This change was also seen in the 1918 flu pandemic , in some , but not all , cases .
Dr. Niman reported that the genetic marker D225G was identified in lung tissue of patients who died from the effects of cytokine storms .
A cytokine storm , or hypercytokinemia , “ is a potentially fatal immune reaction consisting of a positive feedback loop between cytokines and immune cells , with highly elevated levels of various cytokines .
The primary symptoms of a cytokine storm are high fever , swelling and redness , extreme fatigue and nausea .
In some cases the immune reaction may be fatal . ”
Wikipedia . “ Cytokines are any of a number of substances that are secreted by specific cells of the immune system which carry signals locally between cells , and thus have an effect on other cells . ”
Wikipedia .
The higher than usual death rate in the 1918 flu pandemic appears to be a consequence of the virus ’s ability to provoke these cytokine storm reactions in patients .
Dr. Niman ’s Unifying Theory
According to Dr. Niman , the most likely explanation for the concurrent emergence of the D225G and Tamiflu ( or oseltamivir ) - resistant variants in multiple regions is that the swine flu viruses circulating are not a homogeneous strain , but a mixture of a wild - type strain with a variety of less common variants .
Less common variants include viruses with the D225G genetic marker and also viruses containing genetic sequences ( H274Y ) conferring Tamiflu resistance .
The H274Y marker represents the genetic change in the neuraminidase gene ( NA gene ) which encodes the NA protein .
The H247Y change , from the amino acid histidine to tyrosine in the NA protein , leads to Tamiflu resistance .
There are enough D225G variants and H274Y variants in the viral reservoir to act as “ donor sequences ” so the genetic changes represented by these markers can jump from one virus to another , leading to their simultaneous detection in many locations .
Detection increases as the viral reservoir expands , along with D225G and H274Y variants ( more viruses , greater numbers of people infected ) , so greater numbers of the non -wild - type viruses show up in flu cases .
Dr. Niman believes the D225G marker is not adequately represented in the flu database because this variant is not easily detected in nasopharyngeal swabs , due to its preferential binding in lungs .
The background presence of the D225G and H247Y variations in the H1N1 virus pool explains why cases with the D225G and H247Y markers are found throughout the world , in mild as well as severe cases .
The presence of viruses with these marker should not be seen as an all - or - nothing phenomenon .
Rather , smaller number of these viruses appear to co-exist with the more prevalent wild - type viruses in the viral reservoir .
Theoretically , if a D225G subclone takes hold in the lungs and expands , it can cause a more severe flu .
While the D225G marker may increase the virus ’s virulence , the receptor binding profile is only one of a number of factors influencing the severity and outcome of infection .
Other factors include the viral load ( how much virus a patient is exposed to ) , the patient ’s immune system ( does the patient have antibodies to the virus ? ) , and other characteristics of the infecting viruses–e .g. , the presence of genetic marker H247Y , resulting in tamiflu resistance .
In addition , the severity of an outbreak will be influenced by the virus ’s transmissibility , the more transmissible , the greater numbers of people infected .
Once infected , however , our immune response can make the difference between a mild or lethal disease course .
We could have seen this coming , though .
This type of virus emerged in the US in 1998 and has since become endemic on hog farms across North America .
Equipped with a suite of pig , bird and human genes , it was also evolving rapidly …
By 1999 , these viruses comprised the dominant flu strain in North American pigs and , unlike the swine virus they replaced , they were actively evolving .
There are many versions with different pig or human surface proteins , including one , like the Mexican flu spreading now , with H1 and N1 from the original swine virus …
Our immune response to flu , which makes the difference between mild and potentially lethal disease , is mainly due to the H surface protein .
The Mexican virus carries the swine version , so the antibodies we carry to human H1N1 viruses will not recognise it ….
See : Swine flu :
The predictable pandemic ?
In Dr. Niman ’s opinion , a new wave of flu infections will come in early 2010 , and Tamiflu resistance and receptor binding domain changes will be common .
This new wave may be beginning in Ukraine currently .
See also : Swine Flu News :
What is the significance of D225G ? and Flu News : D225G Follow - up .
The Emergence of Tamiflu Resistance
The swine flu virus has been increasingly showing changes leading to greater incidences of Tamiflu resistance , but this being downplayed by the CDC and WHO .
The CDC recently issued this CDC report :
A total of 29 cases of oseltamivir resistant 2009 influenza A ( H1N1 ) viruses have been identified in the United States since April 2009 .
In specimens collected since September 1 , 2009 , 19 cases have been identified in the United States , including three newly identified cases since last week .
The proportion of oseltamivir - resistant 2009 H1N1 viruses does not represent the prevalence of oseltamivir - resistant 2009 H1N1 in the U.S.
Most cases were tested because drug resistance was suspected .
All tested viruses retain their sensitivity to the neuraminidase inhibitor zanamivir .
Of the 29 total cases identified , 19 patients had documented exposure to oseltamivir through either treatment or chemoprophylaxis , eight patients are under investigation to determine exposure to oseltamivir , and two patients had no documented oseltamivir exposure .
Occasional development of oseltamivir resistance during treatment or prophylaxis is not unexpected .
Enhanced surveillance and increased availability of testing performed at CDC are expected to detect additional cases of oseltamivir resistant 2009 influenza A ( H1N1 ) viruses , and such cases will be investigated to assess the spread of resistant strains in the community .
According to Dr. Niman , the CDC and WHO typically use these types of announcements for propaganda .
The information is factually correct , but extremely misleading .
Most patients give a sample prior to treatment and in most cases CDC or WHO can determine if the H274Y marker was present prior to treatment .
However , they do n’t even have a category for those who are initially H274Y positive and then get treated , like the Vietnam cluster .
When there is a small population of drug - resistant viruses co-existing with the wild - type , drug - sensitive viruses , exposure to the drug kills off the sensitive population while allowing the resistant viruses to flourish .
In cases testing positive for the H274Y marker , the vast majority of patients has been infected with H1N1 virus with the H274Y marker before treatment , or develops H274Y within a few days .
This suggests a pre-existing sub-population is being selected .
Data withheld by the CDC and WHO would likely reveal this , destroying the “ spontaneous generation ” theory , which the CDC , WHO and Roche promote .
These propaganda pieces are not only designed to hide the true level of H274Y in the absence of Tamiflu treatment , but also hide the fact that “ spontaneous ” H274Y mutation is a pure fantasy .
The emergence of Tamiflu resistance is NOT due to random mutation .
For a more detailed account , read Dr. Niman ’s article Tamiflu Resistance Spike in US Raises Transparency Concerns , Recombinomics , December 14 , 2009 :
[ The CDC report ( week 48 , above ) ] announces three more cases of Tamiflu resistance in the US .
This number matches the increases for each of the past 3 weeks and brings the total for the past 4 weeks to 16 , which is much higher than previous weeks , which usually had 0 or 1 new cases .
This recent spike in cases has also been reported by WHO and raises concerns that H274Y is efficiently transmitting .
Moreover , recent deaths of patients with H274Y in the US ( four of ten ) and the Netherlands ( four of eleven ) have raised concerns that patients with H274Y also have D225G , which has been associated with fatal cases in the US , Ukraine , Norway , Brazil , and France .
Moreover , patients with D225G coupled with H274Y have been reported in France and the United States .
However , the CDC report does address those concerns because critical data has been withheld .
In week 48 the number of samples tested for H274Y spiked higher , but there is no indication of these are recent samples or an update of surveillance done on samples collected in the spring or summer .
Similarly , the location of these cases or outcomes are not given , and there is no indication that patients who developed resistance during treatment are distinguished from patients who were resistant prior to treatment , but fell into the “ suspect ” category because they failed to respond to Tamiflu .
The Vietnam cluster described in this week ’s New England Journal of Medicine that would represent such cases .
Seven passengers on a train developed H1N1 infections that had H274Y .
However , like most patients worldwide , the resistance was not discovered until long after treatment and discharge .
The infections were in July , but the first lab confirmations were in September .
Although Tamiflu treatment is not effective against H1N1 with H274Y , all patients recovered , but clearly represented infections of a fit and readily transmissible H1N1 with h274Y .
However , using the CDC classification system , these patients would have “ documented exposure to Tamiflu ” but would not be examples of resistance that developed due to treatment .
Although this is the CDC ’s largest category , they have yet to show a single example of a case that developed resistance after prolong treatment with Tamiflu …
The failure of the CDC to report any patients who developed H274Y after prolonged treatment , and the efficient transmission of H274Y in Vietnam in July , raise concerns that the weekly reports by the CDC are carefully designed to withhold key information such as the H274Y status prior to treatment , the dates and locations of samples , as well as outcomes of patients who are H274Y positive .
This lack of transparency continues to be hazardous to the world ’s health .
******
Dr. Henry Niman
Dr. Niman earned a PhD in biochemistry at the University of Southern California in 1978 , and as a coincidence , he and I worked in the same pathology / biochemistry laboratory at USC , separated only by time .
His dissertation focused on feline retroviral expression in tumors .
Working on his post - doctorate at the Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation , and later accepting a staff position , Dr. Niman began looking at making monoclonal antibodies using synthetic peptides .
Data generated in 1982 demonstrated that the two technologies –monoclonal antibody and synthetic peptide technologies –could be combined .
His work led to the popularity of the flu monoclonal antibody , which is widely used throughout the pharmaceutical , biotech , and research industries .
He also produced a broad panel of monoclonal antibodies against synthetic peptides of oncogenes and growth factors .
Dr. Niman subsequently had a joint appointment as Instructor in Surgery at Harvard / Massachusetts General Hospital and as Research Associate at the Shriner ’s Burn Center across the street from Mass General .
( These were research positions – he did not teach or do surgery . )
The technology developed by Dr. Niman was used to form ProgenX , a cancer diagnostic company that became Ligand Pharmaceuticals .
More recently , he has been studying infectious diseases and viral evolution .
This entry was posted on Friday , December 18th , 2009 at 10:56 am and is filed under Phil 's Favorites .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Token Wagering
Cloud Storage Space
Free access to Betas
Free access to Psone Classics , Minis , wallpapers and themes
Full title trial - 1hour is free for new games released on PSN
Discount of store content
Extended console warranty
Loyalty Reward Program
Cross Game Chat
In a recent survey that has went out ( not sure exactly to who yet ) , 4 different playstation premium subscriptions were defined .
Three of them at $ 69.99 a year and one at $ 29.99 a year .
As you can see above , many new idea and old ideas have been mentioned over the years but never came to fruition .
Well its seems the reason behind this is that they will be bundled in a Premium PSN Subscription .
The way I ’m reading into this , it seems that playing games online , and pretty much everythign we can do now will remain free , however many new features will be added to the subscription based perks .
Such as playing any PSOne game at any time !
And of course the PSN Cloud that was rumored sometime back !
So what do you all think of this ?
If everything we can do now remains free … but this stuff is subscription based , what would you do ?
Full Image Here
Former Conservative premier Ernie Eves says the cash - strapped Ontario government could have a hard time getting a decent price for the Liquor Control Board , an agency that generates billions in profits that the Liberals have n't ruled out selling .
Facing a $ 24.7 - billion deficit , the largest in the province 's history , the government has hired two banks to review assets such as Hydro One and the LBCO .
The latter , which has 610 stores , turned over $ 1.4 billion in profit to the government last spring , the 15th straight record profit .
That 's on top of the nearly $ 400 million the province collected in tax on liquor sales in 2008 - 09 .
" Obviously ( the LCBO ) brings a huge return to the government , so you 'd have to get a hell of a lot of money for that if you sold it , " Eves told The Canadian Press in an interview .
" I chuckled the other day when I read a figure of $ 10 billion because I think that 's low for an asset that virtually , arguably , in perpetuity will bring at least $ 1.5 billion a year to the owner .
" I think that 's way too low . "
Selling the LCBO was a key promise that helped propel the Conservatives to power in 1995 , a party more philosophically aligned with privatization and smaller government than the Liberals .
However , the Tories backed away from the idea after failing to get any offers that would have amounted to a good deal for taxpayers , something the Liberal government may also discover , said Eves .
In 2005 , the Liberals set up a panel to review booze sales , which unanimously recommended that the government withdraw from retail and wholesale operations and implement a licensing system for the retailing and wholesaling of beverage alcohol in Ontario .
However , the Liberals quickly rejected the recommendation , saying it was their " strong view that the public is best served by the continued ownership of the LCBO . "
The Liberal 's latest review of assets seems to mirror almost exactly what the Conservatives did in 2001 - 02 , said Eves , who cautioned against unloading a revenue generating agency like the LCBO just to help trim the deficit .
" There 's nothing wrong with looking at your various options , but I do n't think , as a general principle , you should be selling assets that produce a great deal of money just for dealing with an in - year deficit problem , " he said .
" The issue is : What are you going to do to control your spending in next year 's budget ? "
The Liberal government wo n't likely follow through and sell the LCBO this time either , predicted Henry Jacek , a political science professor at McMaster University in Hamilton .
Governments rarely get the money they 're looking for in an asset sale , he said .
" The chances of you winding up better off financially is very , very slim , ( so ) a government would really only do it for ideological reasons , " said Jacek .
" Politicians are entitled like anybody else to change their minds , but what the political leaders have to do is explain themselves in the next election and convince the electorate that they did the right thing when they changed their mind . "
Premier Dalton McGuinty feels he has an obligation to explore options such as selling the LCBO to help get the province back into the black , said government sources .
" Things have changed since 2005 and it would be irresponsible for us to say we wo n't take a look at it , " said one Liberal source .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We want to make sure the lines of business the government is in are appropriate and that the rates of return are like our investments in health care and education . "
Proponents of selling the LCBO to private investors point to Alberta , which privatized its liquor sales in the early 1990s , a move which supporters say led to increased selections and lower prices .
However , that only happened in Alberta 's big cities , said a former Conservative advisor who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
" Service to people , particularly outside of Calgary and Edmonton , really suffered , " said the advisor .
There 's no shortage of prospective buyers if the province decides to sell the LCBO , said Finance Minister Dwight Duncan , who added large pension funds regularly knock on the door looking to purchase Crown assets .
" We routinely get people who come to us who say ' we 'd like to buy this or we'd like to buy that ' and we routinely say thanks for your interest but no thanks , " he said .
One possible roadblock to selling the LCBO is its 6,000 unionized workers , who warn that privatizing liquor sales is akin to ``slaughtering " the goose that annually lays golden eggs for Ontario taxpayers .
" In dozens of communities around Ontario , the LCBO is a source of employment and a `destination retailer` that attracts other retail businesses , " said Warren Thomas , president of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union .
The asset review could also have an impact Conservative strategy during the 2011 election , said a Liberal source .
If the government rejects the idea of asset sales after getting expert advice it would make it harder for Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak to campaign on a promise to privatize the LCBO or other provincial assets , the source said .
ドメインが無効な状態です。
「 www.symbolinterface.com 」のページは、ドメインが無効な状態です。
ウェブサイト管理者の方はこちらから変更・更新を行ってください。
「 www.symbolinterface.com 」is Expired or Suspended .
The WHOIS is here .
If there is one thing Goldman 's Andrew Tilton did today , it was to read the earlier points on payrolls by Albert Edwards .
Goldman provides a retort , which is in keeping with the party line , yet which does share some useful NFP information .
Why Does the Household Employment Survey Look So Weak ?
Andrew Tilton , Goldman Sachs
The biggest mystery in recent employment figures has been the dramatic underperformance of the household survey of employment .
( For readers unfamiliar with the distinction between the two surveys , please see www.bls.gov/web/ces_cps_trends.pdf or our Understanding US Economic Statistics booklet . )
Over the past six months , the payroll survey has lost an average of 134,000 jobs per month while the household survey has lost an average 374,000 jobs .
Yet , because of very large declines in the labor force , the unemployment rate has “ only ” risen one - half a percentage point over this period – bad , but much less than the employment loss would suggest .
So there is really a double mystery — why is household employment declining so much more quickly , and why are so many people giving up looking for work ?
The table below sheds some light on the first question .
The first three rows show the payroll survey , the household survey , and the average difference of 240,000 over the past six months .
Over the past year ( rightmost column ) , the difference has been somewhat smaller , but still more than 100,000 jobs per month .
However , we need to make two adjustments for a fairer comparison .
First , payrolls are about to be revised down significantly .
The Labor Department ’s preliminary estimate is a downward revision of 824,000 to the level of payrolls in March 2009 .
Since all of this represents underperformance in the time period since the March 2008 benchmark , it implies that the average monthly drop in that interval was about 69,000 jobs steeper than originally estimated .
If we assume as a baseline that this correction is extrapolated forward linearly — note that the actual procedure could well result in a bigger or smaller correction — we would see correspondingly weaker numbers for more recent payroll reports as well ( line 4 ) .
Second , we need to adjust household data to the payroll definition ( line 5 ) for an “ apples to apples ” comparison .
Doing this does relatively little to the gap over the past six months ( it ’s still 224,000 jobs per month ) , but the relatively small gap between the two over the past year ( 39,000 per month ) suggests that much of the recent underperformance is a correction of earlier outperformance .
The remainder , as we have discussed previously , we suspect is due to the underperformance of small and mid-sized employers , which the household survey may capture better in real time .
( The lag for the payroll survey to capture this underperformance also may help explain the large downward revision . )
So , the employment discrepancy looks less mysterious with closer analysis .
What about the discrepancy in labor force participation ?
Over the past year , the share of Americans participating in the labor force ( either employed or actively looking for work ) has fallen by 1.2 percentage points to 64.6 % , the largest one - year drop on record .
As a result , the number of people classified as “ not in the labor force ” has grown by 3½ million .
If these people began looking activity for work , the unemployment rate could rise sharply .
We believe the best explanation for this drop in the labor force is a shift by many younger workers to get additional education or training .
Three points in evidence :
1 . The drop in participation is particularly evident among the young …
The table below shows the drop in labor force participation over the past year by age group , both on an absolute basis and relative to the trend for that group in the years before the recession .
2. … and the less educated .
Relative to pre-recession trends , the biggest drop in labor force participation has come among people who do not have a high school diploma .
The smallest drop was among those with a college degree .
3 . Most of those leaving the labor force say they do not currently want a job .
While the category “ not in the labor force ” has grown by 3.5 million over the past year , only about one - sixth of this increase has come in the “ marginally attached ” category of people who want a job and have looked for one in the last year .
The vast majority are not looking for a job at present .
While not definitive , these facts are consistent with an explanation that lots of younger people see limited employment prospects in the near term , have decided to get additional schooling or training , and are therefore not currently looking for work .
Anecdotally , enrollment in postsecondary education has increased , although at the time of this publication we do not have comprehensive figures for 2009 - 2010 academic year enrollment .
Insofar as this explanation is correct , many recent “ labor force dropouts ” are quite likely to look for work again at some point in the next few years , as opposed to retiring or dropping out permanently .
Even accounting for demographic shifts in the labor force , the recent decline in the labor force participation rate is at the extreme end of prior recessions .
We therefore suspect that the participation rate will stabilize over the coming year , implying that outright job growth of more than 100,000 per month will soon be needed to keep the unemployment rate from rising further .
Eric Schmidt suggests you alter your scandalous behavior before you complain about his company invading your privacy .
That 's what the Google CEO told Maria Bartiromo during CNBC 's big Google special last night , an extraordinary pronouncement for such a secretive guy .
The generous explanation for Schmidt 's statement is that he 's revolutionized his thinking since 2005 , when he blacklisted CNET for publishing info about him gleaned from Google searches , including salary , neighborhood , hobbies and political donations .
In that case , the married CEO must not mind all the coverage of his various reputed girlfriends ; it 's odd he does n't clarify what 's going on with the widely - rumored extramarital dalliances , though .
Schmidt 's philosophy is clear with Bartiromo in the clip below : " If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place . "
The philosophy that secrets are useful mainly to indecent people is awfully convenient for Schmidt as the CEO of a company whose value proposition revolves around info - hoarding .
Convenient , that is , as long as people are smart enough not to apply the " secrets suck " philosophy to their Google passwords , credit card numbers and various other secrets they need to put money in Google 's pockets .
It 's enough to make one pine for the more innocent Google bursting forth in the c. 1999 group picture at the top of this post , also gleaned from CNBC 's special .
The hair might have been sillier — dig co-founder Sergey Brin and VP Marissa Mayers ' cuts , top center — but no one was yet audacious enough to argue against the very idea of a secret .
Growing up in a stressful environment is n’t conducive to becoming a well - adjusted adult .
Studies have shown that people who were constantly stressed out during childhood have an increased risk of being depressed .
How exactly are the two related ?
Stress at a young age permanently alters the expression of a key gene in the brain , resulting in a lifetime of elevated levels of a hormone that contributes to depression , according to a study published this week by the journal Nature Neuroscience .
To figure this out , a team of German researchers stressed out baby mice by separating them from their mothers for three hours a day during their first 10 days of life .
Other mice were kept with their mothers continuously , to serve as controls .
All the animals got blood tests when they were six weeks , three months and one year old .
The mice that had been removed from their mothers ’ nests had higher levels of the stress - related hormone corticosterone circulating in their blood than their counterparts , the researchers found .
When the animals were subjected to stressful situations , the traumatized mice also produced more corticosterone than the controls .
The researchers , from the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich , found behavioral deficits in the stressed - out mice too .
They were more likely to freeze up in forced swim tests , and had memory problems with certain tasks .
The researchers traced these problems to decreased methylation of a key section of the AVP gene , which prompted the mice to make too much of the hormone arginine vasopressin .
To confirm that arginine vasopressin was responsible for the stress , the researchers gave the mice a drug that blocked the hormone ’s effects in the brain .
When the drug was working , the stressed - out mice produced normal levels of corticosterone .
“ Our results suggest that adverse events in early life can leave persistent epigenetic marks on specific genes that may prime susceptibility to neuroendocrine and behavioral dysfunction , ” they concluded .
-- Karen Kaplan
Maybe it 's better to have her photo there on the shelf as a sort of shrine to go to for inspiration when confused about what to make for dinner .
One can go to aisle 12 , do a micronovena in front of her box , and go forth with your 30 minute meal for the day .
Looking over a couple of these books they could 've used a concept like this .
Looking back over them though I can see how American cooking has come a long way .
I sometimes think the designer approach to food that we have now with celebrity chefs is overdone .
The competitions are interesting to a point , they do encourage the participants to push the envelop but at the end of the day they exist to sell products and add to the pseudo celebrity chef culture we have today .
Nothing against Rachel Ray , I like her , but I really do n't need to see her photo as I choose soup stock off in the supermarket .
Is she somehow secretly watching me as I choose Swanson ?
I love kitsch .
It 's such a fine line between something good and something tacky .
When the line is hit smack dab on , it 's almost high art .
When the line is crossed , it resembles something on Bravo .
I recently came across a cook book collection that I could pick and choose which books I wanted .
Not really spending a whole lot of time reading them , I picked the copies that had the most kitsch potential based on their look and layout .
Now that I have spent sometime with them , I can honestly say they crossed the line and even Bravo would reject them .
The first book , Around The World Gourmet Cookbook , by Fanny Todd Mitchell and originally entitled Pleasures of a Gourmet according to the dust jacket was published in 1961 .
The illustrations were done by her son , Peter Mitchell a painter and world traveller like the author .
The book is a collection of recipes from the author 's grandparents which includes recipes from the Victorian era , from her mother and St , Louis where the author is originally from , Russia , from a friend in Vienna , from a friend in France , and a friend form Jaffa who was assisted by and this is a direct quote from page 76 ;
" .. by Jameeleh , a hunchback who had been his nurse .
She was incredible gentle in her ways ; it was like working with a butterfly . "
" Instant potato products , now waiting for you on your grocer 's shelves , are one of the wonders of our times . "
It was from her friend in Jaffa that she got the recipe for Homos , yes you read that right , Homos .
I did n't know there were recipes for that .
I thought people were born that way .
I was .
It 's really a recipe for Humus .
Perhaps a typo , perhaps a reflection of the time before political correctness came in and raised awareness about some things .
Hunchback and Homos , ah yes the simpler times .
To go on , and yes I must , there are recipes from a river plantation in Virginia , a gallery on Fifty - seventh street in New York , and recipes from another friend a chef named Pagani who had a restaurant in New York .
There 's one recipe that instructs to cool something so that you can keep your thumb in it for 10 seconds .
A bit of a dangerous learning curve there .
And then there is page 133 with the recipe Calypso Chick , which is a recipe for a version of fried chicken where your marinate the chicken in egg whites with lime juice , grated onions and cayenne before you flour and fry .
It 's a mess but what 's worse is the illustration above the recipe .
It 's a woman whose skin tone is 100 % black with each of her hands in opposite ends of a chicken .
With the recipe title below it looks bad and slightly offensive .
I doubt any offense was meant by this , but having designed 3 cookbooks I can say this would not fly today .
The recipe is awful by the way .
Overall , the recipes contained in this book are not impressive .
The ingredients , the methods for preparation and the end results are equally mediocre .
I tried a few other then the Calypso Chick , and they just do n't work .
The next cookbook is The Good Housekeeping Cookbook , published in 1963 .
Growing up , this book was my go to source in my mom 's collection .
While I learned a lot from my mom , I learned a good deal from this book .
The recipes are classic , easy to read , and there 's a wealth of information about the process of cooking .
There is one fascinating piece that has become my favorite piece in the book .
It 's from page 392 and is subtitled The Instant Potato Family .
Here 's the first line of the paragraph ;
Ranks right up there with the Great Pyramids .
The passage goes on about the various kinds of instant potatoes , mashed , au gratin etc , and closes with the chores are all done for you , ta da .
All in all , the book is like a rose between two thorns in this post .
As we jump the shark and ride to 1967 and the final book for today , Cooking with a Flair by Madeline B. McMenzie we are drawn into a world of Ripe Olive Sandwiches .
Congealed Fruit Salad , and Jello molds by the dozen .
Is this the result of the counter culture that was stating to take hold in American culture ?
After reading this book , I am convinced that judging a book by it 's cover is never a good idea .
Even if it 's kitschy .
Could you see Martha , Paula , Rachel or Bobby with a Jello mold salad on their shows ?
While I believe Martha could pull it off , she 's clever in reinventing something to make it work , I doubt I 'll be seeing her do so any time soon .
And rightfully so .
So the next time you 're out at the supermarket , take a moment to reflect on the the extended instant potato family , and the wonder that is .
And while passing the the stock shelves , say hello to Rachel peeking out between the Swanson and Progresso brands .
They represent the past and the present culture of food .
The first - person puzzle game that would go on to inspire Portal 2 , Tag puts you behind the barrel of a spray paint gun with very unusual abilities .
Depending on which color you use , the player can bounce off , speed over , or stick to the level ’s surfaces .
Combine paint powers to platform your way to the end of each mind - bending stage .
The physics - based puzzle elements of Tag that would end up in Portal 2 actually were n’t present at all in the student team ’s initial conception of the game .
In fact , Tag was originally designed to be a multiplayer , team - based first - person shooter where players could “ tag ” opponents and change their color .
Learn More
In the 1948 paper that created the field of information theory , MIT grad ( and future professor ) Claude Shannon threw down the gauntlet to future generations of researchers .
In those predigital days , communications channels — such as phone lines or radio bands — were particularly susceptible to the electrical or electromagnetic disruptions known as “ noise . ”
Shannon proved the counterintuitive result that no matter how noisy a channel , information could be sent over it error free .
All you needed was a way to add enough redundancy to the information so that errors could be corrected .
He also demonstrated that there was a hard limit on how efficient those error - correcting codes could be — a minimum amount of extra information that would guarantee near - zero error .
Since longer codes take longer to send , a minimum code length implied a maximum transmission rate — the Shannon limit .
Finally , Shannon proved that codes approaching that limit must exist .
But he did n’t show how to find them .
For the next 45 years , researchers sought those codes .
Along the way , there were improvements of the kind that helped increase modem speeds from 9.6 kilobits per second to 14.4 kilobits per second in the early 1980s .
But according to Muriel Médard , a professor of computer science and electrical engineering at MIT , proposed codes tended to run up against a limit called the computational cutoff rate .
That rate varied according to the transmission power and noise characteristics of a channel , but in practical communications systems , it might be only halfway to the Shannon limit .
Then , in 1993 , at the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ’ International Communications Conference , Alain Glavieux and Claude Berrou of the École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne presented a new set of codes that they claimed came very close to the Shannon limit .
“ People almost laughed them out of the room , ” Médard says , “ especially because they were not coming from the coding side ; they were coming from the electronics side . ”
The researchers had developed their codes — dubbed “ turbo codes ” — largely through trial and error and had no elegant formal explanation for why they worked so well .
Nonetheless , subsequent investigation quickly confirmed their results .
Turbo codes are so - called iterative codes , which means that the decoder makes a series of guesses about what the encoded message is supposed to be .
Each successive guess is fed back into the decoder , and the result is a more refined guess .
Ideally , repeating the process over and over will get the error rate as low as you want .
The startling performance of turbo codes mobilized researchers to try to explain why they worked so well .
Within a few years , investigation of iterative coding schemes had yielded a perhaps even more surprising result : a set of codes that worked at least as well as turbo codes had been around since 1960 , when they were introduced in the MIT doctoral thesis of Robert Gallager .
The power of Gallager ’s codes went unappreciated for so long because the decoding process he proposed was simply too complicated for 1960s - era technology .
Which is ironic , since simplifying the decoding process was his motive in creating the codes .
“ The crux of the whole thing was , How do you design a good decoding algorithm ? ” says Gallager , who taught at MIT from 1960 to 2001 and still supervises graduate students as a professor emeritus .
“ And then given that idea for how to do that , how do you generate codes that you can actually decode in this way ? ”
At the time , however , research on new coding schemes frequently depended on statistical claims about the performance of hypothetical ideal decoders .
For researchers like Gallager , who were trying to develop codes that approached the Shannon limit , specifying a concrete decoding algorithm at all was already an uncommon step in the direction of practical deployment .
Gallager ’s codes use so - called parity bits — extra bits that contain information about message bits .
One parity bit might indicate , say , whether the sum of message bits 1 , 2 , and 4 is even or odd ; the next parity bit might do the same for message bits 3 , 4 , and 6 ; and so on , through successive triplets of bits .
Reliable information about any two bits in a triplet conveys reliable information about the third .
“ Iterative techniques involve making a first guess of what a received bit might be and giving it a weight according to how reliable it was , ” says David Forney , an adjunct professor in MIT ’s Laboratory for Information and Decision Systems .
“ Then maybe you get more information about it because it ’s involved in parity checks with other bits , and so that gives you an improved estimate of its reliability — might go the same way , might go the opposite way — and through a series of computations like this , hopefully the thing will converge to where all the bits are known highly reliably . ”
Problems arise , Forney says , “ if you begin to confuse yourself because you ’re just feeding back reliabilities that you ’ve already used in the same computation , so you get a false positive increase in reliability .
It ’s like a rumor mill .
If you keep hearing the same rumor from the same people again and again , you can all begin to think it ’s true , when it ’s really just a closed circuit . ”
The trick to the design of Gallager ’s codes , Forney says , was to minimize the likelihood of such closed loops .
“ It should take a long time for the telephone chain to go all around the world before it gets back to you again , ” he says .
To date , Gallager ’s codes have enabled the closest approaches to the Shannon limit for a given communications channel — closer even than turbo codes .
They ’ve been integrated into standards for wireless data transmissions , and computer chips dedicated to decoding Gallager ’s codes can be found in commercial cell phones .
During their long eclipse , did Gallager have any inkling of how good they were ?
“ I had a little bit of an inkling , but I also had a suspicion that they well might not be , ” Gallager says .
“ And I spent a long time trying to resolve whether they were or were n’t . ”
His conclusion was equivocal : “ What I showed is that with different classes of these codes , you could achieve positive [ transmission ] rates .
As you change the class to make it more complicated , the rate would continue to increase .
If you made it complicated enough , you could reach capacity — but you would probably never decode it .
What ’s happened since is that people have found ways of somewhat streamlining the way you choose the codes to make them better codes . ”
A coalition of more than 100 liberal activist groups has posted a $ 200,000 bounty for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Tom Donohue , CEO of the Chamber of Commerce .
“ [ Under ] the leadership of Tom Donohue , [ the chamber ] has gone from a well respected trade organization to an extremist political organization dedicated to corrupting American democracy by elevating the profits of big corporations over the well being of the citizens they serve , ” declared a Velvet Revolution press release .
“ The most recent example of this corrupt behavior is the Chamber ’s announcement that it is spending more than $ 100 million to defeat initiatives to protect the environment and provide affordable health care to everyone . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Responding to the charges , a chamber spokesperson suggested to Fox News that it is Velvet Revolution that deserves to be investigated .
“ The media should be following the money trail behind this scurrilous group instead of giving credence to its outrageous tactics , ” Eric Wohlschlegel said , according to Fox .
He added that the chamber is weighing its “ legal options . ”
Velvet Revolution , on the other hand , claims the group has “ committing fraud ” and “ violating campaign finance laws ” though the use of astroturfing and anonymous dollars to attack politicians who do not follow the chamber ’s agenda .
In a letter [ PDF link ] to Attorney General Eric Holder , attorney Kevin Zeese references tax records examined by Public Citizen that allegedly show the chamber spent millions to influence races for state supreme courts and attorneys general .
Public Citizen asked the Internal Revenue Service in 2006 to investigate whether the chamber uses a group called the Institute for Legal Reform to dodge taxes and divert money into electioneering .
“ The Chamber is playing an elaborate shell game to conceal its gambit to stack the courts with hand - picked pro-corporate judges , ” said Public Citizen President Joan Claybrook in a media advisory .
“ The IRS should promptly investigate its dubious tax reports and address any abuses that it finds . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition to their bounty on the chamber ’s CEO , Velvet Revolution is encouraging its supporters to send letters to Congress calling for an investigation .
Photo sample credit : LIFE .
FANG , Thailand —
Two freshly shaved white guys , scalps an uncommon pink , mill about the Sri Boen Ruang temple ’s courtyard .
The duo mingles with a flock of orange - robed novice monks , busy sweeping the plaza with straw brooms .
Like the resident “ naehns ” — or child monks — these grown , pale - skinned , monks - in - training rise before dawn for alms runs and devote hours to quiet meditation .
But in a twist that would startle most Buddhists , both men paid $ 700 to become apprentices here through a charity called “ Monk for a Month ” that attracts Buddhism - curious foreigners via Facebook .
In Thailand , which is about 95 percent Buddhist , meditation centers and various Buddhism - themed tour packages abound .
But there is nothing quite like “ Monk for a Month . ”
Though it offers non-Thais unfiltered access to Thai temple life , it is criticized as spirituality - for - pay — a practice some compare to charging tickets to church .
“ We ’re aware that combining commerce and spirituality is a bit of a tinderbox , ” said Ben Bowler , the 35 - year - old Australian creator of “ Monk for a Month . ”
“ I ’m prepared for all the question marks . ”
In Thailand , gilded Buddhist temples are found crammed between deluxe shopping malls , tucked into quiet neighborhoods and gleaming on emerald mountainsides .
Ostensibly , any man can enter any temple ’s gates and — after swearing off sex , intoxicants , materialism and more — live on temple grounds and begin the path to monkhood .
For
Thai men , it ’s a rite of passage that lasts as little as one week or as long as a lifetime .
Bowler , who runs a small non-governmental organization near the Thai - Burma border , now wants to offer the experience to foreigners .
For a fee .
“ Look , you would n’t climb Mount Everest without a tour guide , ” Bowler said .
“ This is n’t easy .
It is n’t pre-packaged for foreigners , like a human zoo . ”
Erik Jorgensen , a 27 - year - old recent monk - in - training from Los Angeles , was looking for a place that would n’t just “ drop me off in a golden room and say ' meditate . ' "
Seeking an escape from his hectic job , which involves faring the seas to lay underwater fiber - optic cables , Jorgensen discovered “ Monk for a Month . ”
Days after arriving , his hair and eyebrows were razored off , leaving wet clumps clinging to his shoulders .
“ This is more genuine .
There ’s a non-appetite driven life at this temple .
You do n’t look at girls .
You do n’t drink or smoke .
Everything that equates to ‘ vacation ’ in the west , you ca n’t do it here , ” he said .
The temple , located in a verdant northern
Thai valley , is also a de facto orphanage for neglected boys .
Its head abbot , Phra Aphisit Pingchaiyawat , views the project as a way to expose his young flock to foreigners , who are expected to help teach English on the side .
These skills , the abbot said , can unlock opportunities for his novice monks .
“ Honestly , I do n’t pay attention to the money that ’s made , ” Phra Aphisit said .
“ I only care about the benefits to the novice monks and the community . ”
After successfully pitching to the abbot , “ there was just a question of how to market it , ” Bowler said .
With about $ 1,500 set aside for advertising , he started with the obvious : posting fliers , contacting the STA travel agency , which is popular with backpackers , and launching a website , monkforamonth.com .
Then he moved on to Facebook , creating a “ Month for a Monk ” page and user - targeted Facebook ads .
( For every ad click , Bowler is charged 10 cents . )
About 80 to 90 percent of the participants find the program through Facebook , Bowler said .
But the “ Monk for a Month ” Facebook page , while attracting would - be monks , has also put his endeavor on the defensive .
Some have called “ Monk for a Month ” misguided , Disney - like and just plain crude .
Buddhist monks are expected to distance themselves from commercialism and even refrain from handling cash .
“ You can explain what you ’re trying to do as much as you like , ” posted Kirk Gillock , listed as founder of Isara Charity , also located in Thailand .
“ But the fact is , you ’re exploiting a religion . ”
Bowler insists that he is hardly raking in tons of cash .
He admits the project “ has begun on a commercial footing . ”
But he distinguishes selling spirituality from selling English - language guidance into a world most westerners will never see .
The $ 700 price — equal to the average monthly salary for a Thai — is mostly funneled to The Blood Foundation , an NGO that he runs with his wife , Jildou Brower .
They freely admit that “ Monk for a Month ” is in large part a fundraiser for their true passion : aiding ethnic Shan refugees scraping by in Burma and Thailand .
After paying for a month ’s worth of food and supplies , and the salary for an English teacher at the temple , Bowler says $ 250 is left over from each client .
Since the project ’s inception last year , he has attracted nearly 40 participants , including an Australian grocery store employee , a nerve - shot U.S. aid worker fresh out of Afghanistan and a Swiss man hoping the temple life will help him quit cigarettes .
Most achieve the “ novice monk ” ranking without becoming fully ordained .
“ Even though I do n’t know how to look at the Internet , I support it , no matter how it ’s advertised , ” Phra Aphisit said .
“ Consider my novice monks .
At first , they would n’t even talk to foreigners .
They did n’t know how to act .
Not anymore . ”
The project survives with the abbot ’s grace , Bowler said .
“ If the day comes where he does n’t want it , it ’s gone . ”
Seemingly unrattled by controversy , he is considering yet another spirituality - meets - commerce endeavor .
“ I ’d love to start ‘ Muslim for a Month ’ in Malaysia , ” he said .
“ We ’re looking for a good imam . ”
More GlobalPost dispatches on religion :
Taiwan :
The sea goddess and the web
Turkey :
The little - known Alevis
Pakistan :
The fate of the Kalasha
Hangers do n't need be boring .
Examples of the ingenuity of designers .
It is a pity that there is no such to buy in WallMart ...
CARSON , Calif .  David Beckham curled a beautiful 50 - yard pass to Landon Donovan , beginning a sequence that ended with Donovan ’s penalty - kick goal in the 73rd minute and a 1 - 0 playoff victory for the Los Angeles Galaxy .
Back spasms forced Beckham out of the match Sunday against archrival Chivas USA , but he continued to exert his influence .
When five minutes of extra time were added , he protested so fiercely to an assistant referee that Coach Bruce Arena had to intercede .
And when a scuffle broke out at the final whistle , Beckham rushed into the scrum , shoving a Chivas player before calming down as a peacemaker .
In these moments , Beckham clearly showed his passion for the Galaxy , and fans rewarded him with a standing ovation .
It was a stark contrast to midsummer , when he returned from a loan to A.C. Milan and found his previous effort and leadership harshly criticized by Donovan and jeered by Galaxy supporters .
Essentially , they accused Beckham of giving up on a struggling team last season .
His Major League Soccer tenure , now in its third season , has not provided the transformational moment that league officials had hoped for .
And Beckham remains a part - timer with the Galaxy .
After the playoffs , he will return to A.C. Milan of Italy ’s Serie A , believing that his play for Milan , one of the world ’s top club teams in one of the world ’s best leagues , will earn him a spot on England ’s roster for the 2010 World Cup .
This post brings together concepts from several recent posts , including behaviours , conjunction and channel wiring .
It is based on the work in the completed TUNA project , which has some stunning videos of blood clotting ( and some images if you prefer ) :
I ’m going to cut down the TUNA example greatly , to blog - post size .
What we are going to be simulating is sticky objects in a pipeline , for example sticky blood platelets moving through a blood vessel .
Our platelets will be represented as data that is passed between active “ site ” processes ; our blood vessel will be a one - dimensional pipeline of site processes .
Each process will be connected to its neighbours with a channel that can pass platelets .
All the processes will be enrolled on the tick barrier , as is customary in CHP simulations .
We ’ll begin the code with a helper function ( one that I would like to see in the standard library ) that iterates forever with a state value being passed through , and our platelet data type :
foreverFeed :: Monad m => ( a -> m a ) -> a -> m b foreverFeed f x = f x >>= foreverFeed f data Platelet = Platelet Float
The data in the platelet type is a colour value that I will use for visualisation in the next part of this guide .
This is set randomly by the platelet generator at the beginning of the pipeline :
plateletGenerator :: Chanout ( Maybe Platelet ) -> EnrolledBarrier -> CHP () plateletGenerator out tick = forever $ on >> off >> off where on = do platelet <- Just .
Platelet <$> liftIO ( randomRIO ( 0 , 0.5 ) ) offerAll [ once ( writeChannel out platelet ) , end When ( syncBarrier tick ) ] off = offerAll [ once ( writeChannel out Nothing ) , end When ( syncBarrier tick ) ]
The pipeline generates platelets regularly , one every three time - steps ( this is coded as the simple on - off - off sequence ) .
When it is performing an “ on ” time - step , it generates a platelet with a random shade , then uses behaviours to offer to once send the platelet until tick happens ( i.e. the frame is over ) .
The next site in the pipeline may not take the new platelet if the site is full and not moving this time - step , so the platelet may get discarded in that case .
In the off state , the generator waits for the tick to end the frame , but also offers to tell the site ahead of it that the generator is empty ( signified by sending Nothing rather than Just a platelet ) .
The main logic is in the site process , which also has two states , empty and full :
site :: Chanin ( Maybe Platelet ) -> Chanout ( Maybe Platelet ) -> EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) site prevIn next
Out tick = foreverFeed ( maybe empty full )
Nothing where empty :: CHP ( Maybe Platelet ) full :: Platelet -> CHP ( Maybe Platelet )
Each time , if there is Just a platelet returned by the function , the next state will be full , otherwise it will be empty .
The initial state is empty ( the Nothing value ) .
The empty state consists of three possible behaviours :
empty = join .
fst < $> offer ( ( once $ readChannel prevIn ) `alongside` ( once $ writeChannel nextOut Nothing ) `alongside` ( endWhen $ syncBarrier tick ) )
In an empty state , a site will read in a new platelet from the previous site in the pipeline ( if available ) , it will offer to communicate to the next site in the pipeline that it is empty , and it will finish this behaviour when the tick event happens .
The value returned is the result of reading from the channel , which will be Nothing if no read occurred or if we read in a Nothing value ( and hence the site remains empty ) or Just the result of the read if it did happen and was a platelet ( in which case the site will become full ) .
It is possible to reduce the amount of communications happening with empty processes , but I want to keep this example simple if I can .
The full state is as follows :
full platelet = do r <- liftIO $ randomRIO ( 0 , ( 1: : Double ) ) let move = readChannel prevIn < &> writeChannel next
Out ( Just platelet ) probably Move = if r < 0.05 then stop else fst < $> move fromMaybe ( Just platelet ) .
fst < $> ( offer $ once probably Move `alongside` end When ( syncBarrier tick ) )
We will pick this code apart , bit by bit .
It is primarily an offer between the tick to end the frame and another behaviour , called probably Move .
When the site is full , it has a 5 % chance of refusing to do anything , meaning that a single platelet will not move in 5 % of time - steps .
So it starts by generating a random number between 0 and 1 .
If this is under 0.05 ( i.e. a 5 % chance ) , the probably Move behaviour is stop , meaning it will not move — the site will just wait for the end of the frame in these 5 % of cases .
In the other 95 % of the time - steps , a move is offered , using conjunction .
The site offers to read a value from the previous channel ( which may be Just a platelet , or a Nothing value signifying the site was empty ) and send on its current platelet , shuffling the platelets along the pipeline .
So its overall behaviour is that it will send on its current platelet , if and only if : the previous site is empty , or the previous site is full and willing to send its platelet on ( it wo n’t be willing 5 % of the time ) .
So a platelet can only move if there is no - one behind it , or if the platelet behind it moves too .
The implications of this behaviour are that once platelets are in adjoining cells , they only move on together .
Thus any platelets that bump together form a notional clot that stays together forever after .
This clot is not explicitly programmed and has no representation in the program .
It is emergent behaviour that arises out of the local rules of the site process ; each site only communicates with the site either side of it , and yet the program logic means that clots that are tens of platelets long could form , and would be unbreakable .
The other neat thing that arises out of the logic comes from the 5 % chance .
In 5 % of time - steps a platelet will not move .
( This is what allows the platelets to bump together in the first place . )
Since a clot can only move when all its platelets move , a two - platelet clot has a roughly 10 % chance of not moving ( really : 1 – 0.95 ^2 ) , and a three - platelet clot has about a 14 % chance of not moving ( 1 – 0.95^3 ) .
So big clots will move slower , which means that the platelets behind become more likely to join on .
Despite only having a local probability of not moving , we get the behaviour that larger clots are less likely to be able to move .
Enough on the site process ; at the end of the pipeline is a platelet printer , that swallows up any platelets and prints out how large each clot was that reached the end of the pipeline :
plateletPrinter :: Chanin ( Maybe Platelet ) -> EnrolledBarrier -> CHP ( ) plateletPrinter input tick = foreverFeed plateletPrinter ' [ ] where platelet Printer ' ps = do mp <- join .
fst < $> offer ( once ( readChannel input ) `alongside` end When ( syncBarrier tick ) ) let ps ' = ps ++ [ mp ] ( test , text ) = maybe ( isNothing , " Blank " ) ( const ( isJust , " Clot " ) ) ( head ps ' ) ( chunk , rest ) = span test ps ' if null chunk || null rest then return ps ' else do let status = text ++ " , size : " ++ show ( length chunk ) liftIO $ putStrLn status return rest
And finally we must wire up all of this .
Thankfully , our new connectable helper functions make this quite easy , and short :
main :: IO ( ) main = runCHP_ $ pipelineConnectCompleteT ( enrollAll newBarrier ) plateletGenerator ( replicate numSites site ) plateletPrinter where numSites = 100
If we compile and run this program , we get a print - out of clot sizes :
Blank , size : 103 Clot , size : 1 Blank , size : 51 Clot , size : 4 Blank , size : 2 Clot , size : 1
That is terribly unexciting , so I ’m going to give a sneak video preview of a visualisation that I will go through in my next post .
The 1D pipeline of sites is visualised left - to - right , with each tall bar being a platelet ( or black for empty ) .
When the bar flashes white , this is in the 5 % of cases where the platelet is refusing to move .
Hence you can see that when the larger clots form , the white flashes of the various platelets prevent the clot from moving :
Choose from WMV format ( suitable for Windows ) or MPEG format ( suitable for Linux , etc ) .
What is fashion ?
Simply put , it ’s the clothes you wear .
Everything , from the shirt on your back and the shoes on your feet counts as fashion .
What makes good fashion ?
Proper clothing choices for each situation makes good fashion .
The following article features a wide variety of tips that can help you make fashionable clothing choices .
When choosing accessories , stick to one large , statement piece .
Dangling earrings , a big necklace , and a chunky bracelet give the eyes nowhere to rest .
If you want the focus to be on your necklace , wear studs in your ears .
If you don eye - catching earrings , skip the necklace altogether to avoid looking too “ busy . ”
If you are starting to go gray , try using a vegetable dye .
As long as it is just a few strands that are causing anxiety , this product should do the trick .
It turns the gray a shade that is a tad lighter than the rest of your hair .
Using vegetable dye will make it look as though you have nice , new highlights and will then fade out over about three months .
The best time to apply body moisturizer is directly after you shower .
Use it before you dry off , or after a gently towel drying .
This will help to lock the moisture from the shower into your skin , doubling the benefits of the moisturizer .
It will also require that you use less of the product .
Be sure that you are being strategic when choosing how much skin you want to show .
This is important because you need to be sure that you are not going past what is considered tasteful when it comes to the amount of coverage you have .
A great way to judge this is to accentuate just one feature of your body .
Always dress respectfully for the occasion .
Do n’t wear a tube top if you ’re going to a wedding , and do n’t shorts to the prom .
Learn to respect fashion traditions , even if you ’re tempted to defy them for no good reason .
Is it really going to hurt to to put on that tie Mom wants you to wear to church ?
Showing respect in how you dress will gain you respect in return .
As stated before , fashion is everything you wear , from shirts to shoes .
When clothing items are combined in just the right way , they create a fashionable look that you and other will admire with no hesitation .
Use the featured tips and combine articles of clothing to create good fashion today !
RefSeek 's guide to the 25 best online resources for finding free educational videos .
With the exception of BrainPOP and Cosmeo , all listed sites offer their extensive video libraries for free and most without registration .
Well , that could have been bad .
I found this dangling from my Macbook Pro when I came home .
It had a USB warning about turning off the port because something was drawing too much power .
Gee , I wonder what that could have been ?
Luckily , the USB ports both work fine because of that feature .
Now I just go to the Genius Bar with this and a smile , say “ smoke ” and “ fire ” a couple of times and see what happens .
by
“ Somewhere someone is looking for exactly what you have to offer . ”  Louise Hay
I saw this quote the other day , and immediately thought about how relevant it is to those of us who run an online business , in particular blogs and information based websites .
According to the World Bank , as of 2008 the world ’s total population was nearly 6.7 billion people .
Of those 6.7 billion people , roughly 21.3 % of them — or 1.4 billion people — have access to the internet and use it with some regularity .
It probably goes without saying , but 1.4 billion is a gigantic number !
When you multiply that number by the fact that each of these internet users have a wide range of interests , it ’s impossible to fathom a situation where you could create a site or blog that would n’t be of interest to at least several thousand people .
For argument ’s sake , let ’s say you decide you want to blog about a niche that only .01 % of the world would be interested in .
Obviously , that ’s a pretty small percentage , but when you take .01 % of 1.4 billion people , you ’ll find that there are 140,000 people who would be interested in your site .
Now that percentage does n’t seem so small , does it ?
So , if youve been on the fence about starting a blog or a website because you werent sure youd have an audience , get over it !
There are so many different types of people online that you re bound to have not just an audience , but a captive audience .
For those of you who have already started an online business , keep it up , even if you have yet to see a significant influx of traffic or revenue .
Although it may take a while for your audience or customers to find you , they do exist and will eventually make their way to you because you have exactly what they re looking for !
What do you think ?
Please leave your comments below !
Health insurance industry trade groups opposed to President Obama 's health care reform bill are paying Facebook users fake money -- called " virtual currency " -- to send letters to Congress protesting the bill .
Here 's how it 's happening :
Facebook users play a social game , like " FarmVille " or " Friends For Sale . "
They get addicted to it .
Eager to accelerate their progress inside the game , the gamers buy " virtual goods " such as a machine gun for " Mafia Wars . "
But these gamers do n't buy these virtual goods with real money .
They use virtual currency .
The gamers get virtual currency three ways :
Winning it playing the games
Paying for it with real money
By accepting offers from third - parties -- usually companies like online movie rentals service Netflix -- who agree to give the gamer virtual currency so long as that gamer agrees to try a product or service .
This is done through an " offers " provider -- a middleman that brings the companies like Netflix , the Facebook gamemakers , and the Facebook gamemaker 's users together .
It 's this third method that an anti-reform group called " Get Health Reform Right " is using to pay gamers virtual currency for their support .
Instead of asking the gamers to try a product the way Netflix would , " Get Health Reform Right " requires gamers to take a survey , which , upon completion , automatically sends the following email to their Congressional Rep :
" I am concerned a new government plan could cause me to lose the employer coverage I have today .
More government bureaucracy will only create more problems , not solve the ones we have . "
OMGPOP CEO Dan Porter spotted the survey and took a screenshot for us .
( Click on the image at the right to expand it . )
What is this practice called ?
Paying people to act like political supporters is called " astroturfing , " because its fake grass - roots campaigning .
So maybe this should be called Virtual astroturfing .
Virtual - turfing ?
Astroturfing 2.0 ?
Who are the people behind this ?
Get Health Reform
Right describes itself as a " project of organizations whose shared mission is to ensure consumers continue to have access to employer - sponsored healthcare plans . "
We are concerned about federal legislation that would create new government bureaucracies that would unravel the workplace healthcare system where more than 160 million people get their coverage .
Under the " Who We Are " tab on GetHealthReformRight.org , the following organizations are listed :
Who are the gamers filling out the survey and sending emails to Congress ?
Facebook gamers tend to fall into two groups : women in their 30s and 40s and teenagers of both sexes .
Is this legal ?
Astroturfing , which involves real money , is not illegal , We can't imagine virtual curreny astroturfing would be illegal either .
Whether or not it 's ethical is a different question .
Who is profiting from this ?
According to OMGPOP CEO Dan Porter , the middleman facilitating this transaction in multiple Facebook games is called Gambit .
Up until a few weeks ago , these games included big hits like Zynga 's Mafia Wars and FarmVille .
Zynga has since removed all offers from its games .
On its Web site , Gambit says its clients include :
# 1 MySpace Developer
20 %+ of top 10 Facebook applications
SmallWorlds.com
School Vandals
Foopets.com
2 Top 100 websites
... and over 150 + more
One important thing to remember :
Gambit is just the platform here , bringing three parties together : gamers seeking currency , game - makers seeking monetization , and companies ( and , apparently lobbying groups ) looking for customers .
OMGPOP CEO Dan Porter tells us it 's most likely the case that Get Health Care Reform agreed to pay an ad agency for every letter - writer it recruited .
Dan supposes it was this third - party that bundled the above survey with several others and submitted it into Gambit 's offer network .
Update :
We reached out to Gambit CEO Noah Kagan for clarification .
He told us :
" It 's not that Dan is wrong .
But we do n't run hot political issues .
You do n't have any evidence that this is from Gambit .
We do n't condone this in our system .
Sometimes stuff does happen , but we 've been very proactive in making sure that there 's not negative offers in our system . "
To this , Dan replied :
" My point all along had little to do with the Gambit platform .
We are testing it in house and will deploy it and it has controls for how conservative a partner wants to be .
I would n't use them if I did n't think it would provide value for our users in a safe way .
Gambit and every other offers company simply bundle in offers from outside vendors .
The primary distributers of this fake activism are companies you will never know , like webclients .
net doing business under eltpath.com .
[ They ] distribute this stuff to sources all over the web from from freecomputer4u to sweepstakes promotions to offer providers . "
The response from Get Health Care Reform :
We 've also contacted Get Health Care Reform using an email address listed on their Web site .
We received the following message back :
Google tried to deliver your message , but it was rejected by the recipient domain .
We recommend contacting the other email provider for further information about the cause of this error .
The error that the other server returned was : 553 553 sorry , that domain is n't in my list of allowed rcpthosts ( # 5.7.1 ) ( state 14 ) .
Do n't miss : How A Stupid Facebook Game Makes Zynga Millions
© 2005 by Spider Robinson ; all rights reserved .
I regret I must report Paul Pena was found dead of pancreatitis in his apartment by his friend Pancho at about 8 PM , Saturday , October 1st , 2005 .
I ’m still awaiting details .
But he ’d been told he had three months to live years ago ; it was not a big surprise .
Paul was a blind black blues singer - guitarist — both 12 - string and electric .
He played with Howling Wolf , John Lee Hooker , Muddy , had a long tenure with T - Bone Walker .
Steve Miller had a hit with his song “ Jet Airliner . ”
Paul became the subject of an Oscar - nominated documentary , GENGHIS BLUES , when in 1995 he traveled to Tuva , a tiny country literally at the exact center of Asia ( http://www.fotuva.org), and entered , and won , the international Tuvan throat - singing championship .
For reasons obvious to anyone who ever heard his famous Kargyraa Moan , the Tuvan people named Paul “ The Earthquake . ”
The guy who created the voice for Popeye the Sailor was Tuvan .
Picture that voice , two octaves lower , singing two notes at once , so loudly that only a special microphone can survive the assault .
Awesome is the only word .
It sounds a little like a short in the wire that powers the world .
Also without question he was the all - time greatest blues didgeridu player in the world .
Interesting man .
I phoned him up less than two weeks ago , having been given his number by his friend Seth Augustus ( also a blues singer and Tuvan throat singer ) .
We talked for over two hours .
He thanked me for some CDs I had burned him .
He told me I was the first person he did n’t already know who had ever complimented his blues didgeridu work .
I made him laugh several times .
He made me laugh several times .
He said he was thinking about maybe cutting some more tunes .
I got to thank him , with my personal mouth , for all the inspiration I have drawn over the years from his courage and artistry .
Dumb luck I got to .
If you have n’t seen GENGHIS BLUES , look for the DVD .
It ’s amazing .
Outside the capital ( Kyzyl , pronounced “ Kyzyl ” ) , there is no property in Tuva .
Your home is where your animals have stopped today .
The great physicist Richard Feynman dearly wished to visit Tuva , and never managed it ; it was then inside something impenetrable called a USSR .
A whole book was written about his efforts by his friend Ralph Leighton , TUVA OR BUST , which became a terrrific documentary of its own .
When Paul got there , he dedicated his prize - winning performance to Feynman .
I happened to flip on the TV this evening , exactly 24 hours after Paul Pena was found dead .
THE WEST WING came on .
In its opening precredit sequence , Jimmy Smits hits the campaign trail as Senator Matt Santos .
The background music used for the entire sequence was Steve Miller 's famous recording of Paul 's song " Jet Airliner . "
I wept like a baby .
He was one of the greatest blues singers of our time , and also one of the best guitarists , on 12 - string or electric .
Likewise he was the greatest Tuvan throat - singer in the West ( Seth Augustus is , now ) AND the best blues didgeridu player in the universe .
I told him that on the phone , a week and a half ago , and he laughed and laughed .
He'd have laughed just as hard , I think , if he'd known he would hit national network TV again within 24 hours of his death .
The Earthquake may have stopped rumbling for the moment ... but they never really do go away for good , do they ?
Ask a Tuvan shaman , not me .
How many bluesmen do you suppose have ever been mourned in Kyzyl ?
You can hear Paul ’s own version of “ Jet Airliner ” on his brilliant CD NEW TRAIN , released in 2000 through the efforts of his friends .
It is produced by the great Ben Sidran ( responsible for two of the best Georgie Fame albums ever ) , and features Sidran and veterans Harvey Brooks on bass and Gary Malabar on drums ; guest musicians include Jerry Garcia on pedal steel , Merle Saunders on keyboards , Arthur Adams on guitar and Dave Woodford on sax .
Amazon lists it at http://www.amazon.com/
Here is a sample track of Paul soloing on Robert Johnson ’s “ Terraplane Blues . ”
And I cannot recommend too highly the soundtrack album for GENGHIS BLUES by Paul and his buddy Kondar - ol Ondar , who brought him to Tuva .
Amazon has it at http://www.amazon.com/.
Here is a sample of the Kargyraa Moan that won Paul the 1995 Tuvan throat singing championship .
And just as good is Seth Augustus ’s stunning solo album of blues and Tuvan throat singing , INCARNATION BLUES .
Amazon is not hip to him , so you ’ll have to visit http://www.sethaugustus.com to order it ; you wo n’t regret it .
Fifteen amazing gadget ideas that were way , way ahead of their time .
” The best way to predict the future is to invent it . ”
So said legendary tech visionary Alan Kay .
He was absolutely correct .
But he might have added that inventing the future is anything but a cakewalk .
Even though everyone who does it has the luxury of learning from predecessors who tried and failed .
The brightest inventors on the planet keep coming up with ideas that never amount to much–even when they set out to solve real problems , and even when their brainchildren foreshadow later breakthroughs .
And professional tech watchers have long proven themselves prone to getting irrationally exuberant about stuff that just is n’t ready for prime time .
Thanks to Google Books ’ archives of Popular Science , Popular Mechanics , LIFE , and other magazines that frequently reported on futuristic gizmos , we have a readily accessible record of technology that failed to live up to the initial hype–including random notions that never got off the drawing board , startlingly advanced products that did n’t find a market , and very rough drafts of concepts that eventually became a big deal .
The best of them are fascinating , even when it ’s not the least bit surprising that they flopped .
Herewith , fifteen inventions –not that all of them ever got built –that were at least a decade ahead of their time .
They ’re in chronological order , starting with the inspiration that gave this article its title .
1. Thomas Edison ’s Metal Books
As described in : Cosmopolitan , February 1911 .
What it was :
Among the numerous brainstorms and predictions that Thomas Alva Edison shared with Cosmopolitan readers in an exclusive interview was his vision of 40,000 - page books that would be two inches thick and weigh a pound –because their pages would be made of metal , not paper :
Even the pages of books may be made of steel , though Edison regards nickel as a better substitute for paper …
” Why not ? ” asks Edison .
“ Nickel will absorb printer ’s ink .
A sheet of nickel one twenty - thousandth of an inch thick is cheaper , tougher , and more flexible than an ordinary sheet of book - paper .
A nickel book , two inches thick , would contain 40,000 pages .
Such a book would weigh only a pound .
I can make a pound of nickel sheets for a dollar and a quarter . ”
Here …is a prospect of real culture for the masses Forty thousand pages in a volume !
A single volume the equivalent in printing space of two hundred paper - leaved books of two hundred pages each !
What a library might be placed between two steel covers and sold for , perhaps , two dollars !
That ’s a lot of exclamation points !
Flies in the ointment : I feel disrespectful expressing skepticism about an idea pitched by the greatest inventor of all time , but …I ’m skeptical that it would have worked .
Also , would n’t it have been tough to flip ahead to , say , page 17,356 ?
When did the basic idea become practical ?
I know of no evidence that Edison or anyone else ever printed a single book on nickel .
( A Google search for “ books printed on nickel ” returns one result–a Publisher ’s Weekly story referencing the Edison interview . )
The first time anyone crammed massive numbers of books into one booklike device that real people could buy may have been when the Rocketbook and Softbook were released in 1999 – not that very many people bought either of them .
Modern counterpart : The Kindle , the Nook , Sony ’s Readers , and every other current gadget for reading digital tomes …even though they all cost a lot more than $ 2 .
And is it going too far to say that Edison had a 1911 version of the upcoming Apple tablet in mind ?
2. The Automobile Wireless Telephone
As seen in : Popular Mechanics , February 1913 .
What it was :
An brainchild of Los Angeles inventor E.C. Hanson , who successfully made wireless calls over a distance of 35 miles from a phone installed in his roundabout .
Flies in the ointment :
You thought the telescoping antennae on early brick phones are comically archaic ?
Hanson ’s car phone required that the car in question be outfitted with telephone poles fore and aft , supporting “ aerial wires and high - voltage insulators . ”
When did the basic idea become practical ?
Experimentation with mobile phones continued for decades , but they only started to make sense in 1983 when Motorola shipped its DynaTAC , the first true cell phone–a full seven decades after Hanson ’s experiments .
Modern counterpart : Your iPhone , BlackBerry , Nexus One , or Pre .
Or even your humble flip phone .
3. The Telenewspaper and Electric Writer
As seen in : Popular Mechanics , June 1928 .
What they were : Items in a “ home of the future ” depicting the typical house of 2000 , designed by architect R.A. Duncan and exhibited in London .
Besides the expected flying car in the garage , the place had a high - tech study with :
… a built - in radio and loud speakers , a built - in television set to see the day ’s events and a built - in telenewspaper for visible radio projection of the day ’s news .
An electric writer , to transmit by radio similar messages , and an elaborate lighting - control panel , were also included .
That ’s as far as the magazine ’s explanation goes .
If the room already has a TV , I ’m assuming that the telenewspaper would have presented news in words and pictures displayed on a screen .
The electric writer , meanwhile , appears to involve an in - wall display and some sort of box with buttons .
I ca n’t see any evidence of QWERTY capability –maybe there was a wireless keyboard .
Flies in the ointment :
The illustration in the magazine shows a house dwarfed by a huge honkin ’ antenna , looking a bit like the ones at the top of San Francisco ’s Twin Peaks .
With experimental television broadcasts barely underway , it was awfully premature to be talking about homes with multiple displays built into the walls .
Also , should n’t the telenewspaper and the electric writer be one device , or at least share one display ?
When did the basic ideas become practical ?
In the 1980s and 1990s , more and more people began using electric screens to read news and transmit messages , although the screens usually were n’t built into walls and the transmissions used telephone wires rather than radio waves .
Modern counterparts : Google News and Gmail .
Read more :
Looking at foreign policy , politics , intelligence and war .
The fun things of life viewed in a way that should infuriate ideologues of either wing
An electronic image shows six transistors installed in a space measuring 300 nanometres by 130 nanometres on a microchip developed by State - backed National Nano Device Laboratories .
Taiwan has developed tiny microchips that could lead to lighter and cheaper laptops or mobile phones , researchers and observers said Wednesday .
State - backed National Nano Device Laboratories in northern Hsinchu city said it had succeeded in packing more transistors into smaller chip space than anyone else so far .
" Electronic gadgets like cellphones and laptops could become smaller , lighter and cheaper with this technology , " Yang Fu-liang , the lab 's chief , told AFP .
Currently , laptops seldom weigh less than about 1.5 kilograms ( 3.3 pounds ) but the latest development could see notebook computers weighing as little as 500 grams .
" It 's indeed the most advanced chip technology ever , " said Nobunaga Chai , an analyst at Digitimes , a Taipei - based industry publication .
The field Yang and his team are working on is called 16 - nanometre technology , referring to the space between transistors on a chip .
The smaller the space , the more transistors can be fitted on to the chip .
An average human finger nail is 25 million nanometres long .
Researching new technologies at this microscopic level poses formidable challenges to scientists .
" Sixteen nanometres used to be considered the final frontier , " said Yang .
Explore further Intel Microchip Packs Two Billion Transistors
( c ) 2009 AFP
PLUS : A BRAD BLOG visit to Diebold , Premier , ES&S in Allen , TX ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/5/2010 , 1:52 pm PT
The BRAD BLOG has long endeavored to fight back against the disinformation being put forward by the GOP " voter fraud " charlatans and fraudsters contending that massive fraud is being carried out by voters at the polls , requiring the institution of disenfranchising Photo ID restrictions at the polling place which would result in some 21 million Americans being unable to cast their legal votes , according to the League of Women Voters and most other serious experts on these matters .
Once again , a story out of Kentucky helps us highlight that it 's election insiders , not voters themselves , who are , by far , the greatest threat to the integrity of elections .
We reported early last year on the passel of election officials in Clay County , KY , arrested for buying and selling votes , manipulating ES&S electronic voting machines without the knowledge of voters , and otherwise fixing elections from 2002 to 2006 .
As their January 19 trial date nears , more motions are being filed by federal prosecutors .
The latest , filed last week , alleges that two of the top officials charged --- one , a circuit court judge and the other , the county school Superintendent --- had been fixing elections for decades before their recent indictments ...
Bill Estep ( the reporter who has owned this story locally since it broke last year ) at Lexington 's Herald - Leader reported on New Years Day :
Prosecutor : 2 Clay County officials helped fix elections for decades R. Cletus Maricle , a longtime judge , and former school Superintendent Douglas C. Adams began working with drug dealers more than 20 years ago to buy votes and control local politics , according to a court motion filed this week .
In a 1983 race for circuit judge , for instance , Adams gave drug dealer Kenneth Day $ 30,000 to buy votes for one candidate , while Maricle bought votes for the opposing candidate , the motion claims .
" During Election Day , Maricle asked Day how much money it would take to get him to go home , " the motion says .
Two years later , Maricle and Adams bought votes for the same candidate for magistrate , and Day helped , according to the court document .
Estep offers more details on the long - running scam , and the federal prosecutors ' plans for holding these democracy - hating jerks accountable .
Attorneys for both of them , of course , deny all of the charges , claim that witnesses have lied , etc .
But one of those charged , the county election directory , has already pleaded guilty and detailed how the long - running vote buying / selling scheme had been run with meetings in his garage and pools of hundreds of thousands of dollars of cash collected to affect ( largely ) Republican primary elections in Clay County .
Clay is one of the poorest --- and most Republican --- counties in the state , and has been the scene of numerous federal crackdowns over the past several years in which high - ranking local officials , including the mayor , have been busted for all manner of criminality including narcotics trafficking and more .
As we noted in our coverage of the Clay County arrests last year , one of the most notable aspects of the allegations --- at least to readers of The BRAD BLOG , if not the denialists in the e-voting industry --- was the description of how electronic touch - screen voting systems made by ES&S were directly manipulated by election officials who would mis-instruct voters on how to use them in such a way that they'd be able to later change the intended votes before they were officially " cast " on the unverifiable electronic systems .
ES&S is the nation 's ( and the world 's ) largest voting machine manufacturer , and the type of systems manipulated in Clay County are used widely across the nation , despite numerous system failures in election after election , such as votes flipping and / or disappearing .
We can now add the concern that they may be easily manipulated by election officials , directly from the voting booth , with few or no safeguards to keep that from happening .
ES&S recently purchased its next largest competitor , Premier Election Solutions , the new name given to the tarnished election division of Diebold , Inc. , in 2007 .
That merger , resulting in ES&S taking control of some 70 to 80 % of Americans ' votes , is being investigated by the U.S. Dept. of Justice on anti-trust grounds , as well as in 14 states , and challenged in court by its smaller competitor Hart InterCivic .
The U.S. Senate is set to hold hearings on the merger early this year as well .
That has n't stopped ES&S from moving forward , full speed ahead with the takeover .
A recent visit by The BRAD BLOG to the former head quarters of Diebold / Premier in Allen , TX , reveals that nearly all signs of the former company have been removed , in favor of the new boss ... same as the old boss ...
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
One Reason To Be Sent Home From School
It is nobody ’s business what people do in the privacy of their homes .
But if you start making repairs and all the hammering and grinding gives your neighbors a headache , the law can meddle in .
Turned out the law can interfere even when it comes down to sex noises .
Married couple gained no sympathy from the judge as they lost court appeal to reverse a ban on having noisy sex in their own home .
The couple ’s bedroom adventures deprived neighbors of sleep and sounded as if someone was being murdered behind the wall .
Not only neighbors complained about the noise but also passers - by and even a mail carrier .
The couple received a noise abatement notice that banned them from ‘ shouting , screaming or vocalization at such a level as to be a statutory nuisance ’ .
That made Caroline Cartwright , 48 , file an appeal with reference to human rights .
She and her husband Steve “ howled ” during sex and uttered “ unnatural and hysteric ” sounds .
10 minute recording of the sex sessions was listened to in court and apparently swayed the judge to reject their appeal .
The sessions usually started at midnight and lasted for several hours .
Caroline Cartwright said she can’t stop making noise during sex , she ca n’t help it .
But the court was uncompromising .
Source of the image : flickr.com/photos/30525542@N02 .
A MAN has been stung by an irukandji jellyfish when he was splashed with seawater while fishing from a bulk carrier off north Queensland .
The 45 - year - old Filipino man was in a " distressed and very agitated state " following the incident - which occurred 25 metres above sea level at Abbot Point north of Bowen late yesterday afternoon , the Courier - Mail reports .
The RACQ - CQ Rescue helicopter was tasked to the Singaporean - registered bulk carrier Konmax where crew immediately provided pain relief to the victim .
After some initial communication difficulties because of his distress , the crew was able to determine the patient had been fishing from the ship when the sting occurred .
Air crewman Geoff Abrahams said it was an " incredible case " .
" Realistically , what are the chances of being stung by a jellyfish when you are safely on board a bulk carrier , 25 metres above the water , " Mr Abrahams said .
" This is one of the most fascinating tasks I 've worked on . "
He said it was not clear if the jellyfish was in the water that splashed him or on his fishing line when he brought it out of the water .
Irukandji are very small stingers – measuring up to 2 cm in diameter with four thin tentacles hanging down .
The victim was airlifted to Mackay Hospital where it was confirmed he was suffering the effects of an irukandji sting .
He is now listed as stable .
Turnkey GNU / Linux is a free Debian based library of system images that pre-integrates and polishes the best free software components into secure , easy to use solutions .
TurnKey is inspired by a belief in the democratizing power of free software , like science , to promote the progress of a free & humane society .
Without the freedom to freely distribute , tinker and learn from free software the Internet as we know it would not exist .
Free software is the silent , often invisible power behind the greatest technological marvel of our era .
At the time of writing Debian , the largest GNU / Linux distribution has over 37,500 packages in its software repositories .
The free software movement has collectively created a treasure trove of software that anyone is free to use , distribute , modify and learn from .
Unfortunately , much of this treasure is locked away because too few know about it and even fewer have the skills to take full advantage of it .
Imagine how much good we could do if changed that .
That 's our vision and we invite you to join the mission .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 5
Himalayan Skyscape
Credit & Copyright : Babak Tafreshi ( TWAN )
Explanation : Capella , alpha star of the constellation Auriga , rises over Mt. Everest in this panoramic view of the top of the world at night .
The scene was recorded in late November near Namche Bazar , Nepal , gateway to the Himalayan mountain range .
Moonlight illuminates the famous peaks of Everest ( 8840 meters ) and Lhotse ( 8516 meters ) at the far left , and a stupa ( a Buddhist religious monument ) in the foreground , along the main trail to the Everest Base Camp .
The light in the valley is from the Tengboche Monastery , also along the trail at about 4000 meters .
From left to right above the moonlit peaks , the stars of Auriga give way to bright giant star Aldebaran eye of the Taurus the Bull , the Pleiades star cluster , alpha Ceti , and finally alpha Phoenicis of the Phoenix .
Peaks and stars can be identified by placing your cursor over the image .
( Eds Note :
This is only the second anonymous piece we have run on the blog .
We encourage our participants to claim their own stories , but in this case , the writer felt she could only safely share this if she did so anonymously . )
I used to think big .
When I was six , I made my mom let me go to school , and I loved it .
My father told me : “ If you stay at the top of your class until the end of your studies , I will do two things for you .
First , I will let you go abroad to continue your education .
Secondly , I will buy you a car and let you drive . ”
With the encouragement of my father , I was a superstar in my classes .
He was my first English teacher and he always called me “ my scholar daughter . ”
During the Taliban ’s black government , my brothers could go to school , but I could n’t .
My father bought me school supplies , though , and told me : “ Be patient .
One day you will finish your studies . ”
He was right .
I waited five years , but after that , I could go to school .
When I was in ninth grade , I earned my first money from teaching English .
It was only 200 Afs , but I was excited .
I gave my salary to my father .
He kissed me and laughed and told me , “ Dear , keep your salary for yourself .
I do n’t need it . ”
I said , “ Dad , it is for you . ”
He smiled and told me , “ It is just the cost of ink for your shoes , ” and he gave me another 1000 Afs .
He was my supporter in all aspects .
When I was sixteen years old , one of my neighbors came to our house and proposed that his son marry me .
My father was angry and told him : “ Do you know my daughter is sixteen ?
It is time for her to study .
If the king comes and knocks at the door of my house and proposes that my daughter marry his son , I wo n’t accept it .
Please , leave my house and never come back again . ”
I was in my last days of school when my father died .
When I lost him , I lost my shadow , but he left me with his words and advice and books .
After his death , our economic situation was bad .
Mom ’s salary was the equivalent of $ 25 , which was not enough .
I began teaching classes in a private school .
Half my salary was for my studies and half went for house expenses .
During these years , I was the poorest student in my class .
I spent days without breakfast or lunch , but I felt happy for my education .
During the last four years , I received a number of marriage proposals but I rejected them all .
Most wanted me to stop my studies and never work outside the home .
After my father died , the responsibility for me fell to my brothers , who grew up under the Taliban government and were influenced by it .
Now I live with three Talibs and I must obey what they say .
I am not like a girl in the house , but a slave .
When I was at third year at the university , the owner of our house demanded higher rent .
My family decided they would leave Kabul and go to a province where housing was cheaper .
But I did n’t know how I would continue my studies in that case , so I gave up my transportation money to help pay for our rent , and I go to the university on foot .
Still , at the beginning of this year , my brothers said : “ It is time for you to marry . ”
They arranged a marriage to my first cousin , my mom ’s brother ’s son , who lives in a province where most of the people are Talib .
My cousin is about 40 years old and uneducated .
His family has a business and a big house .
Their women are required to wear burqas and are responsible for cooking , cleaning and caring for the animals .
Most have eight or nine children .
They ca n’t go outside the house — even when they are sick , they are n’t allowed to go to the doctor .
My uncle ’s money gives him power despite the fact that he is uneducated .
My family thinks I am tired of working so hard , and that my uncle ’s money will convince me to accept this golden bracelet .
My uncle told my family he would pay them $ 20,000 , and this money might possibly keep my family alive .
At the same time , I am thinking about graduating , seeking my masters ’ degree and a PhD , getting a better job , making an independent life , standing on my own feet .
I told my mom : “ Please give me a chance .
I do n’t like this man .
I ca n’t marry him .
If you want to sell me , then I am ready to buy myself .
I have a plan for my life .
Please give me a chance , please , please . ”
She did n’t reply , but cried silently with me .
I told her : “ If my father were here , he would bring a revolution in this house . ”
None of my close friends know what is happening with me .
Once one of my classmates came to my house and she was carrying her notebook .
I study in secret .
When my family saw her notebook , they behaved badly toward her and told her not to come again .
These days I am thinking of possible solutions : how to get another job , earn at least $ 1,000 a month in salary .
Running away is not an option because girls who run away here are raped by men and spend years in jail , and I am not such a girl .
I ca n’t leave my mom because my brothers believe anything “ wrong ” I do is the fault of my mother , and they will kill her .
My brothers think a girl who has a bank account or a mobile phone is a prostitute .
I hide my phone and keep it on silent mode when I ’m home .
I have two months to find a solution .
If I fail , I have to accept this marriage , and I will accept it because of my mom , but I ca n’t live in such a situation .
How can I live with such a man , or accept such failure ?
I think if this happens , I wo n’t stay in this world ; I will leave the world for those who can live in it , who can find a solution .
What I write here are the wounded and torn pieces of my heart and the secrets an Afghan girl suffers .
I am like a piece of cloth .
I cost little .
Who will buy me ?
By Anonymous
Source
A variety of beer mugs from around the world including expensive and rare beer mugs .
You 'll never want to drink from a beer bottle again !
Pour ceux qui passent le réveillon seul , j’ai le plaisir de vous offrir un moment de perfection et de beauté .
Il s’agit du concerto pour violoncelle d’Edward Elgar , un compositeur britannique ( 1857-1934 ) .
Ce concerto est la première œuvre qu’Elgar a composé après la première guerre mondiale .
Dans celui-ci , il se lamente d’un monde perdu .
En vidéo ci-dessus , vous pouvez voir Jacqueline Du Pré ( C’est amusant de la voir rejeter sa tête en arrière ) qui interprète le premier mouvement ( Adagio – Moderato ) sous la direction de Daniel Barenboim .
Ci-dessous , le deuxième mouvement , ( Lento – Allegro molto ) , là vous pouvez fermer les yeux et commencerà vous laisser transporter .
Troisième mouvement ( adagio ) , refermez les yeux , c’est parti pour un beau voyage triste .
Finalement , le quatrième mouvement beaucoup plus contrasté ( Allegro — Moderato — Allegro , ma non troppo — Poco più lento — Adagio ) qui est ici coupé en 2 vidéos :
Passez un bon réveillon …
Un guide complet du concerto si vous voulez en savoir plus [ Elgar.org ]
Related posts :
This modern staircase was made from a 10 mm thick metal sheet .
Each of the adjoining steps is connected with a slanting external side beam that forms a bracket attached to the wall .
With a concept of a delicate rippling ribbon is definitely one of the most unique and thinnest staircases ever seen .
It was created by HSH and it is now in one the contemporary houses in Liben , Prague .
Although this original piece might look fragile , each of its brackets is constructed as a firm frame , so it is sturdy enough to carry weights .
Toddlers are distractible .
Their minds flit constantly here and there , and they have a terrible time concentrating on even the most stimulating project .
They might be fascinated by a colorful new toy , but only until the next best toy comes along .
This can be maddening for parents or teachers , who often try to rein in a toddler 's impulsivity .
But should we really be trying to teach self - control ?
Psychologists are beginning to raise these questions , and some are even suggesting that it may be detrimental to the developing brain to push it toward maturity too soon .
University of Pennsylvania neuropsychologist Sharon Thompson - Schill and her colleagues study a region of the brain called the prefrontal cortex , or PFC , the part of the brain that filters out irrelevant information and allows us to focus .
It is also the last part of the brain to mature and become fully functional .
It lags behind the rest of the brain until about age four .
In the most recent issue of Current Directions in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , Thompson - Schill and colleagues speculate that an immature PFC may not be a deficit at all , but rather an advantage in the first years of life .
Here 's an example :
It has to do with guessing .
Say you are naïve about the game of football , but you are playing a guessing game :
Will the offensive team pass or run the ball ?
You observe that the team passes the ball three out of every four plays , so you guess " pass " 75 percent of the time and " run " 25 percent of the time .
That 's not smart .
Smart would be saying " pass " all the time .
And if you played this game with your toddler , that is likely what he or she would do .
Toddlers are often better at this , because their immature brains are still operating on a brute - force competition between two alternatives : pass or run .
They are not yet capable of guessing .
For toddlers , this inability is a good thing , because they can't afford to guess .
They have a lot of learning to do , and much of that learning has to do with hard - and - fast rules and conventions .
In fact , this rigidity may be essential to language acquisition .
Learning language is an intimidating task ; it requires saying the right thing in the right context , and agreeing with everyone else that these are the right things to say .
It 's no surprise , the psychologists note , that kids pick up languages so effortlessly compared to adults .
And it 's not just language .
Toddlers are mastering all sorts of social conventions that simply must be learned .
They 're the rules of the world .
In this sense , trying to hasten the brain 's development may be not only difficult by unwise .
Knox was heard loudly sobbing as she was led out of court
American student Amanda Knox and her former boyfriend have been found guilty by an Italian court of the murder of British student Meredith Kercher .
Knox , 22 , bowed her head and burst into tears as she was jailed for 26 years for murder and sexual violence .
Italian Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , looked impassive as he was given 25 years .
Miss Kercher , 21 , a Leeds University student from Surrey , was found with her throat slit in Perugia in 2007 .
Knox had denied killing her in a sex game .
We have obtained truth and justice for this tragic event
Francesco Maresca
Kercher family lawyer
Murder scene : Kercher flat But prosecutors said Sollecito held her down while Knox stabbed her to death .
The pair committed the killing with small - time drug dealer Rudy Guede , 22 , who was jailed for 30 years for murder and sexual violence last October .
Police are still not certain why Knox , Sollecito and Guede were all at the house together , but they suspect it involved a drugs transaction .
' Media lies '
They cornered Miss Kercher in her room and began some kind of sex game which ended with her being held down while Knox cut her throat with a six - inch kitchen knife .
AT THE SCENE Matt Cole , BBC News , Perugia
The courtroom was packed as the judge and jurors filed in .
Despite the numbers a complete hush fell on the room as the lead judge began to deliver the verdict .
Amanda Knox stood looking down as she learned her fate .
At first there seemed little reaction , then she turned and buried her head into the chest of her lawyer .
It was then that her head and shoulders began to shake as sobs came .
The eldest of Amanda 's sisters , Deanna , had been crying even before the verdict .
Her cries worsened once she learned the verdict of her sister .
In contrast , Raffaele Sollecito stood almost impassive as he learned his future .
As the full verdict was read out , the gaze of each of the six jurors seemed almost fixed to the court 's back wall from where a crumbling fresco of the Virgin Mary and Child looked down .
Only occasionally did those who decided the fate of Knox and Sollecito allow their gaze to flick to those who they had found guilty .
Knox 's father , Curt , stood emotionless throughout .
He only moved when his eldest child had been led away , surrounded and supported by blue - capped prison guards .
' She - devil ' Knox and lover guilty Her semi- naked body was found in a pool of blood .
Afterwards they tried to make the death look like part of a failed burglary , breaking the window in Miss Kercher 's room to look like forced entry .
But police realised it had been done from the inside .
Knox 's odd behaviour after the body was found also aroused suspicions - she was reported to have performed a cartwheel and done the splits while waiting to be questioned by police .
After the judge read the verdict to a hushed court , Knox buried her head in her lawyer 's chest and sobbed .
Her sister Deanna wept uncontrollably as Knox was led out of court crying .
Miss Kercher 's family lawyer , Francesco Maresca , said they were satisfied with the verdict .
He said : " They got the justice they were expecting .
We got what we were hoping for .
" With what we got with the Guede sentence last year , we have obtained truth and justice for this tragic event . "
The Kercher family are due to hold a press conference at a hotel in Perugia at 1000 GMT .
Knox 's family , meanwhile , left court in tears , fighting through the crowds of journalists gathered outside .
A spokesman for Knox 's parents said they would immediately start the process of appealing against her guilty verdict .
Compensation award
In a statement , Curt Knox and Edda Mellas said : " Amanda is innocent and we will continue to fight for her freedom ... we are extremely disappointed .
Miss Kercher had been studying Italian on an exchange programme " While we always knew this was a possibility , we find it difficult to accept this verdict when we know that she is innocent .
" The prosecution has failed to explain why there is no evidence of Amanda in the room where Meredith was so horribly and tragically murdered . "
They also criticised the media for the way their daughter had been portrayed , claiming this had an effect on the verdict .
They said : " It appears clear to us that the attacks on Amanda 's character in much of the media and by the prosecution had a significant impact on the judges and jurors and apparently overshadowed the lack of evidence in the prosecution 's case against her . "
In Seattle her grandmother , Elisabeth Huff , added : " They did n't listen to the facts of the case .
All they did was listen to the media 's lies . "
The court ordered Knox and Sollecito to pay one million euros to Miss Kercher 's mother and the same amount to her father .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Her siblings would each receive 800,000 euros , the court ruled .
Knox was told she must also pay 40,000 euros compensation to local barman Patrick Lumumba , for falsely accusing him of the murder .
Miss Kercher , from Coulsdon , had been sharing a house with Knox , also a student , on her year abroad in the Umbrian hilltop town .
The trial of Knox and Sollecito started on 16 January this year .
The jury deliberated for 13 hours before reaching its verdict .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It may not offer the toehold - challenge of traditional rock climbing , but then , traditional rock climbing does n't usually come with a paycheck .
These climbers have been employed to scale huge wind turbines for maintenance , which is green in so many ways .
Advertisement
Instead of using huge , expensive and environmentally - unsound cranes to get repairs done , owners of wind turbines have started hiring rock climbers to do what they do best — get way high up .
It 's cost - effective , environmentally - friendly on a couple levels , and most importantly ( for our purposes ) , looks really freaking cool .
[ Treehugger ]
Shanghai Schoolgirl Violence , Public Outraged
A video about schoolgirls in Shanghai fighting appeared on well - known forum called KDS on the evening of October 23rd .
The video is 5 minutes and 20 seconds in length .
In an alley , a middle school schoolgirl wearing a purple T - shirt beat up another schoolgirl while many bystanders stood by , speaking in Shanghainese , and they continuously called the girl instigating and bullying “ Sister Xiong ” “ Xiong Jie ” ( 熊姐 ) .
In the video , Sister Xiong is non-stop slapping the other girl ’s face , punching her in the stomach and kicking her …
No one tried to stop her , including a boy in the video that is supposed to be the other girl ’s boyfriend .
In the video the other students are saying “ How does it feel to have your wife being beat up ?
What are you going to do ? … ”
The boyfriend just continues to helplessly stand there and watch .
The girl who was being beaten up also did not resist or fight back at all .
She just passively stood there and accepted the beating …
This video triggered public outrage , everyone criticized Sister Xiong ’s violent act .
“ She is ill - bred . ” “ Why are kids now days being like this ? ”
“ Why not calling the police ” …
[ Netease ] Soon Sister Xiong was exposed by human flesh search :
Name : Xiong Jiaqing ( 熊佳庆 )
Birthdate : 1992 October 1 ( Libra )
Blood Type : A
Place of Birth : Shanghai
Current Residence : Shanghai – Pudong New District
School : Nanhu Professional Schools , No. 2 Branch Campus
Emphasis of Study : Railway Track 09 Level
School Student Office Telephone Number : 6554414965542002 – 8201
Personality : Bold , rough , lively , straightforward and impatient
Personal Habits : Occasionally smokes , never drinks , loves to sleep in .
Physique : Medium build .
Marital Status : Single
Schools I ’ve Attended : Junior high school : Shanghai Jianping Century Middle School
Home Address : Mudan Road , Lane 418 , # 1
Home Phone : 86-021-68450700
Reasons for the beating : Xiong Jiaqing was taking revenge on the girl who stole her boyfriend .
[ SCOL ]
Netizens started a “ Bear Slaughtering Meeting ” ( Her last name – Xiong in Chinese means “ bear ” also )
Hundreds of netizens gathered in front of “ Sister Xiong ’s ” school , demanding Sister Xiong to come outside and apologize .
Netizens also went to Nanhu Professional Schools , No. 2 Branch Campus asking school to apologize .
The police came to maintain orders .
Netizen fleshed out “ Sister Xiong ’s ” QQ number and her arrogant signature .
It says “ Do n’t come and make trouble , it ’s not good for me or you , thank you ! ! ”
The school ’s sign was covered by an angry green face .
The school said , since Saturday , they have already viewed the video many times , everyone felt “ angry and shocked ” .
Schoolteachers also visited Xiong ’s home several times .
The school requested Xiong ’s parents to bring her to school , but the family did not show up .
After the school had visited her home 3 times , they found out Xiong was sent to an unknown hideout .
The incident currently is under investigation .
The school also said that after the facts are investigated , they will deal with the incident seriously .
The victim was also contacted .
At first she said the incident was just in jest , then later she admitted that it was a “ beating . ”
She said she received light injuries but that she is fine now .
As for why she was beaten , the victim would not respond directly .
For more on this : Shanghai Schoolgirl Beating & Human Flesh Search ( chinaSMACK )
Global trade has collapsed like never before in recorded history .
By now we 're all aware that the economy is bad , but it 's sometimes hard to grasp the magnitude of what happened .
Luckily , economist Richard Baldwin at VoxEU has put together an amazing presentation detailing how the wheels came off the global economy .
It shows just how the global collapse unfolded at the speed of light .
Your attorney should know how to get results and care about the outcome of your case .
At the Rosales Law Firm in El Paso , Texas , you can count on us to pursue every legal option available in an effort to resolve your case in a way that benefits you .
Both Joe Rosales and Marc Rosales have been featured in The City Magazine and both have been nominated for Top Lawyers of El Paso .
Our success is due to our commitment to you , our client .
By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Delhi
Ms Shanbaug worked as a nurse in the hospital where she was attacked India 's Supreme Court has admitted a plea to end the life of a woman who has been in a vegetative state since 1973 .
Aruna Shanbaug , a nurse in Mumbai ( Bombay ) , has been paralysed and considered " brain - dead " since she was attacked by a rapist in November 1973 .
The plea has been made by a journalist who has written a book on Ms Shanbaug .
The court will examine if the plea is " akin to euthanasia " .
It is being seen as a landmark case in India where euthanasia or mercy killing is illegal .
The Supreme Court has sought a report on Ms Shanbaug 's medical condition from the hospital in Mumbai and the government of Maharashtra .
' Virtually dead '
In her petition , journalist Pinki Virani says Ms Shanbaug has been in a " persistent vegetative state " for 36 years and is " virtually a dead person " .
Ms Shanbaug is force fed by nurses looking after her twice a day at the KEM hospital in Mumbai .
Ms Virani wants the court to issue instructions to " forthwith ensure that no food is fed " to Ms Shanbaug .
" This continued vegetative existence devoid of any human dignity is not life at all and putting mashed food in her mouth only amounts to violation of human dignity , " the petition says .
" The continued vegetative existence of Aruna is a violation of her right to live with dignity .
In other words , she has a right to not be in this kind of sub - human condition . "
Ms Virani describes how Ms Shanbaug 's condition has deteriorated over the years .
" She is not able to talk , hear or see anything ... she is like a vegetable , totally devoid of any element of human life . "
Ms Shanbaug 's parents died many years ago and " none of her sisters or brothers or any other relative has ever bothered to visit her , enquire about her or to take care of her " in the past 36 years , the petition says .
There is not the slightest possibility of any improvement in Aruna 's condition
Pinki Virani , petitioner Ms Shaunbag was raped by a hospital sweeper at the KEM hospital on 27 November 1973 .
The sweeper tried to strangle her .
The petition says that she suffered " brain stem contusion injuries with associated cervical cord injury and due to this she was reduced to almost a vegetable " .
Her attacker was sentenced to seven years in prison for attempting to murder and rob Ms Shanbaug .
In her book , Ms Virani describes Ms Shanbag 's condition in 1997 when she turned 49 .
" She was in a totally pathetic state .
Her bones were brittle .
Her skin was like ' papier mache ' , stretched over her skeleton . "
" Her teeth had decayed causing her immense pain .
Food was completely mashed and given in semi - solid form .
She choked on liquids . "
Euthanasia debate
This is not the first time that a mercy killing demand has gone to the courts .
In 2004 , a terminally - ill Indian chess champion became a focus of a euthanasia debate before he died in a hospital .
Venkatesh , 25 , was suffering from a genetic neurological disorder and was on life - support for more than seven months .
Both the hospital authorities and the Andhra Pradesh high court refused his request to turn off his life support system , saying that would amount to an illegal mercy killing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON - It ’s the middle of December , and Peg Willingham wants to know :
Where are all the Christmas cards ?
“ I ’ve only gotten about four , ’’ said the Falls Church , Va. , mother as she tabulated the meager pile in the little red basket that serves as her card caddy each year .
“ Normally I ’d have a pretty full basket by now , at least 15 or 20 cards .
I ’m trying not to take it too personally . ’’
She should n’t .
This season is shaping up as a ho - ho - hum year for holiday cards , at least the kind you can collect in a little red basket .
Even the post office has noticed a significant thinning of the usual torrent of festive envelopes .
For the first two weeks of December , said Postal Service spokesman Michael Woods , “ we are seeing about an 11 percent decrease in first - class cancellations from last year , which is a good proxy for the number of cards and letters coming through the system . ’’
And while last - minute mailers are still adding to all those waiting baskets and refrigerator doors , there are signs that plenty of people are giving hard - copy greetings a complete pass this time around .
“ We see a 10 to 15 percent decline in the overall volume of mailed paper greeting cards this year , ’’ said Neil Hendry , of Datamonitor , a New York - based retail analysis firm .
“ There are two principle reasons : technology and the economy . ’’
Observers say a perfect winter storm may have formed to suppress this year ’s holiday mail surge : an unemployment rate that makes a roll of 44 - cent stamps one more difficult expense for many people ( and adds up to a bleak Christmas letter for friends and family ) ; increasingly popular and cheap ( or free ) Internet alternatives , such as e-cards and Facebook ; and heightened environmental concerns that have some people weighing the carbon footprint of all that cardboard .
The cardmakers ’ trade group says it sees nothing amiss , based on an informal survey of Hallmark , American Greetings , and other industry leaders .
“ It might be down slightly , but generally speaking , it seems relatively the same as last year , ’’ said Barbara Miller , spokeswoman for the Greeting Card Association .
“ But we ’re talking about 2 billion cards here .
You have to see something major before the needle even moves . ’’
But retailers have a different view , and they see a shift away from cards .
Although mega - card - seller Wal - Mart would n’t comment on sales for the season , Joshua Thomas , a spokesman for Target , said his company is n’t selling as many as usual .
“ Sales of boxed - set holiday cards were not as strong as last year , ’’ he said , adding that the cheapest bulk packs of cards are holding their own .
“ We ’re definitely seeing the trend of consumers going online to fulfill their holiday card needs . ’’
CINCINNATI -- Notre Dame has settled on Brian Kelly as the man who can restore its faded glory , just as he turned Cincinnati into a national title contender .
ESPN's Chris Mortensen first reported Kelly would take over in South Bend .
Just 10 days after Charlie Weis was fired , it 's up to Kelly to revive the fortunes of a team that just completed the worst decade of football in the history of the storied program with a 70 - 52 record and three losing seasons .
Kelly got a five - year deal from Notre Dame and will be introduced as coach in South Bend on Friday afternoon .
He declined to comment in Cincinnati , where he informed his players of the move after their football banquet Thursday night .
He wo n't coach them in the Allstate Sugar Bowl .
" I am very pleased that a thorough and extensive search has led us to a new head coach in Brian Kelly , who I am confident will help us accomplish our goal of competing for national championships , " Notre Dame athletics director Jack Swarbrick said in a statement .
The news did not play well with Kelly 's current team .
Bearcat players were led into a meeting room , where Kelly told them he was leaving and thanked them for making his opportunity possible .
One minute into the meeting , the door opened and receiver Mardy Gilyard walked out angry and alone , save his MVP trophy .
" He went for the money , " Gilyard told The Associated Press .
" I 'm fairly disgusted with the situation , that they let it last this long . "
Players were n't told of Kelly 's decision until the banquet ended , nearly three hours after the news first broke .
A few blinked back tears as they left .
" We already knew what he was going to say .
We were n't giving him a round of applause or anything , " tight end Ben Guidugli said .
" It 's like somebody turned their back on us .
We brought this whole thing this far .
We 've come this far .
To have someone walk out now is disappointing . "
Offensive coordinator Jeff Quinn will coach the Bearcats ( No. 3 BCS , No. 4 AP ) in their first Sugar Bowl game against Florida .
Quinn has been one of Kelly 's assistants for 22 years , moving with him from Grand Valley State to Central Michigan and Cincinnati .
Ryan Tibshirani could n't hit a bull 's - eye if his PhD depended on it .
Last fall his roommate nailed up a dartboard and proceeded to trounce him game after game — even with his eyes closed .
So Tibshirani ( in green , above ) did what any good geek would do :
The Stanford statistics student used a Gaussian model to calculate where he should aim to maximize his points in a game of High Score .
In darts , the difference between cheers and boos can be a mere millimeter .
Winning wedges are adjacent to losers — 20 is next to 1 , for example .
But some are more forgiving :
If you miss 14 , you still might land on the respectable 11 or 9 .
So , Tibshirani figured , your accuracy should dictate your target .
To find his own sweet spot , Tibshirani launched 50 darts at the bull 's - eye and ran his scores through an algorithm that computes a rank from 0 ( flawless ) to 100 ( hopeless ) .
He then wrote software to translate that number into a heat map of the board , highlighting areas that are his rank 's best bets .
Tibshirani has put his app online for pub athletes everywhere .
And now he 's imagining something even better : a dart - flinging robot with an accuracy dial .
Tibshirani may never prevail in the dorm rivalry , but he could program his bot to win — or at least scare the pants off his old roomie .
Find Your Sweet Spot — — — — ——
–
Aim 50 darts at the bull 's - eye .
Then plug your scores into Tibshirani's app ( stat.stanford.edu/~ryantibs/darts ) to get your heat map .
here are three sample results :
Skill level : amateur
Target the inside border of 8 and 16 .
Even
If you 're off , you 'll still get decent points .
Skill level : above average
Focus on the triple - 19 ring .
It 's your ticket to an excellent score .
Skill level : godlike
Zero in on the point - tripling arc in the 20 wedge and expect direct hits .
Gadling goes Galactic .
Be sure to check out the photo coverage here .
Music : Above & Beyond – Buzz .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
The Mid-Atlantic states were completely white on Sunday , December 20 , 2009 , in the wake of a record - breaking snow storm .
The storm deposited between 12 and 30 inches of snow in Virginia , Maryland , and Washington , D.C. on December 19 , according to the National Weather Service .
For many locations , the snowfall totals broke records for the most snow to fall in a single December day .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Aqua satellite captured this view of the Chesapeake Bay region as the clouds were clearing on December 20 .
The snow highlights the courses of the Potomac and Susquehanna Rivers from the Appalachian Mountains to the Chesapeake Bay .
The ridges and valleys of the Appalachian Mountains are similarly highlighted .
The forested peaks are darker than the snow - covered valleys .
The massive snow storm was a Nor’easter , a powerful storm characterized by a strong low - pressure center that forms in the Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic Ocean and moves northward up the Eastern seaboard .
In the Northern Hemisphere , winds flow in toward the center of a low - pressure area in a counter - clockwise spiral , which means that as the storm heads north , the leading winds come in off the ocean from the northeast .
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen , using data provided courtesy of the MODIS Rapid Response team .
Caption by Holli Riebeek .
SAN’A , Yemen | Thirteen - year - old Sally al - Sabahi stood outside the courthouse earlier this month fiddling with her smudged , half - polished nails .
She was hoping to get a divorce , but her husband did not show up .
When Sally was 11 , her father married her to 23 - year - old Nabil al - Mushahi , a cousin .
Since the wedding , she has run away from her husband ’s home three times .
“ I was afraid of him since the first day , ” she said in her parents ’ tiny , windowless , stone home after the failed court date .
“ I do n’t want to get married again until after I am dead . ”
Sally said she wants a divorce because her husband beat , berated and regularly attempted to rape her .
When asked whether he succeeded in the sexual assaults , her long eyelashes lowered toward the floor against her black veil , and she picked at the faded orange and green sheet she was sitting on .
She did not answer .
Arranged marriages for girls as young as 9 are common in many parts of Yemen .
About half the women in the country are married before they are 18 , according to Ahmed al - Quareshi , the head of the Seyaj Organization for the Protection of Children .
The Yemeni parliament has been debating for almost a year a law that would make 17 the minimum age for marriage , but the measure is fiercely contested and has been blocked by hard - line religious leaders .
“ It ’s a part of their social structure , ” Mr. al - Quareshi said .
“ It ’s a tradition to allow marriage at an early age . ”
Early marriages are especially common in the countryside , where more than 70 percent of Yemen ’s 22 million people live , said Shada Nasser , a lawyer and children ’s rights advocate .
Rural mothers , often illiterate and former child brides themselves , do n’t consider bucking the system , she said .
The young brides , robbed of childhood and education , grow up afraid of their husbands and resenting their children .
“ They had dreams , ” Ms. Nasser said , “ But early marriage broke those dreams . ”
As Yemen - the poorest country in the Arab world - seems to grow poorer every year , the child - bride population is growing fast , according to Ms. Nasser .
Parents look for husbands for their little girls so they will have fewer mouths to feed .
Money paid by husbands to their brides ’ families is also an important source of income .
Almost half of Yemenis live on less than $ 2 a day , according to the United Nations .
Before marriage , many future husbands promise the girls ’ families that they will not have sex with their brides until the girls are mature , which is generally considered to be about 15 years old .
About 10 percent to 20 percent of the new husbands break that promise , according to Ms. Nasser .
It is not just poor families that marry their daughters before puberty , according to Naseem ur - Rehman , a spokesman for the U.N. children ’s agency , UNICEF .
“ It cuts across social and economic variations , ” he said .
Sometimes , he said , children are married to strengthen tribal relationships .
The early marriages often have dire consequences .
Women who give birth before they are 18 are almost eight times as likely to die in labor than those who give birth in their 20s , Mr. ur - Rehman said .
In some parts of Yemen , women are about 60 times more likely to die in childbirth than in the United States .
Fawziya Youssef was 12 when she died in early September , according to Mr. al - Quareshi .
Fawziya and her husband , 26 , had been married for only a year .
Fawziya died of severe bleeding while delivering a stillborn baby after three days of painful labor .
Her parents , however , do not think she died because she was married too young , said Mr. al - Quareshi .
In their village in the Hoedeida governorate , it is the custom to marry girls before they are 13 .
Fawziya ’s parents are heartbroken , but have no recourse .
“ There are no laws saying that this is a crime , ” Mr. al - Quareshi said .
In February , a bill that would set a minimum marriage age was put to a vote in parliament .
It passed 17 to 13 , according to Fouad Dahabahi , a legislator .
But before the president could sign it , it was blocked .
A prominent sheik and several other Muslim religious leaders had objected , saying it contradicted Islamic law , which allows girls to be married at age 9 .
Although most members of parliament disagreed with the sheik privately , according to Mr. Dahabahi they were worried about appearing un -Islamic .
They sent the bill to be re-examined by committees on health , the constitution , Islamic law and human rights .
Mr. Dahabahi said he supported the bill because when he was 19 , he was married to a 13 - year - old girl named Intisar .
Soon after they were married , she became pregnant .
She got very sick , and her frail health and misery haunted the family for years .
“ She was a child when she was a mother , ” he said .
The bill , he said , is also delayed because parliament members prefer not to argue publicly about such a controversial issue .
And , as in many bodies in the Yemeni government , parliament has trouble getting things done because it is in session only five months a year .
Other lawmakers said they oppose the law because setting a specific age for marriage is an unnecessary bow to Western culture .
“ Why do we have follow [ Western ] traditions ? ” asked parliament member Mohammad al - Hamzi .
“ God created the girl , and knows when she is ready . ”
Mr. al - Hamzi said that girls who marry before puberty should not , and normally do not , have sex with their husbands .
But , he added , “ If something bad happens to her , she has the right to go to the judge and ask for a divorce , like Nujood . ”
Last year , 10 - year - old Nujood Ali went to court alone to seek freedom from an abusive husband .
She sued for divorce against her father ’s will .
She won because a sympathetic judge believed that her husband had raped her .
Nujood ’s case made news around the world and inspired parliament to consider a minimum legal age for marriage .
But when she tried to register for school , Nujood was initially refused because she had been exposed to sex .
The teacher said she could taint the other children , according to Ms. Nasser , who also represented Nujood .
When Nujood heard about Sally ’s bid for freedom , she pledged to give her $ 500 out of royalties from a biography being published about her .
That is half the money Sally will need to repay her husband if she is granted a divorce .
Even though the judge believed that Nujood had been raped , she still had to give her ex-husband $ 200 .
To get a divorce , Sally must produce written proof and a witness to the abuse .
A few weeks ago , during an Islamic holiday , Mr. al - Mushahi came to Sally ’s family home .
The roof of the house is a blue plastic tarp , and household water is lugged inside in dirty yellow jerrycans .
Sally said she wanted to stay with her family .
Her parents begged her to go back to her husband .
For three days , Sally refused to eat , and threatened to kill herself .
Her parents relented , and told Mr. al - Mushahi it was over .
“ As I told you before , I tried to convince her , but she does n’t want you anymore , ” Sally ’s father , Mubkhoot Ahmed , barked into his cell phone at his son - in - law after he failed to appear in court .
Mr. Ahmed blamed himself for marrying off his daughter too young and for believing that Mr. al - Mushahi would not touch her before she was ready .
Sally said that when she was 11 , she knew nothing about marriage , but agreed to the match because she would be lavished with gifts for the first time in her life .
Her father supports his wife and five children by selling ground chili powder in the market .
Sometimes he makes $ 2.50 a day .
Sometimes he makes nothing .
“ I was thinking only about jewelry and clothes , ” said Sally , slapping her hands together .
Her father said he was afraid that Mr. al - Mushahi would be embarrassed that Sally abandoned him , and try to take his daughter by force .
In a country with little government control outside the capital , he said he is prepared to protect his family the old - fashioned way .
“ I have only weapons to protect myself , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Ernest A. Canning Byon 1/27/2010 , 8:16 am PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
As the community group ACORN , which is accused of no federal felonies , awaits a decision on the release of federal funds that they were unconstitutionally barred from receiving , according to a federal judge , the man who apparently videotaped some of their employees illegally and then released highly edited and misleading versions of those illegally obtained tapes now faces federal felony charges related to wiretapping a U.S. Senator ....
On Nov. 12 , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court alleging that separate House and Senate Resolutions to bar all funds to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) were unconstitutional Bills of Attainder .
We initially covered the ACORN lawsuit in " ACORN Sues Congress Over Defunding Legislation . "
The lawsuit directly pertained to House and Senate Appropriations Resolutions which singled out ACORN for a cut - off of federal funds .
These were passed after James O'Keefe 's illicitly taped videos emerged , purporting to depict some ACORN employees giving advice to individuals posing as a prostitute and a pimp .
As Brad Friedman noted in " ACORN Cleared YET AGAIN of Wrongdoing , " former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger issued an independent report following the release of the tapes , finding incidents of mismanagement by ACORN but " no criminal wrongdoing . "
CCR noted that Harshbarger , who reviewed the " complete transcripts , " concluded that " the infamous videotapes had been doctored and fully misrepresented the actions of the workers shown . "
On Dec. 11 , U.S. District Judge Nina Gershon granted ACORN 's motion for a preliminary injunction [ PDF ] , ruling that it was likely ACORN would prevail on the merits of its claim that the House and Senate Appropriations Resolutions were unconstitutional Bills of Attainder .
Although no doubt fully aware of ACORN 's pending lawsuit , on Dec. 10 & Dec. 13 the House and Senate enacted the " FY 2010 Consolidated Appropriations Act , " an amalgam of six separate bills which the President signed into law on Dec. 16 .
The Act contains a provision which is virtually identical to the earlier resolutions passed , cutting off ACORN from federal funds .
In response , ACORN filed a motion [ PDF ] to expand the previous preliminary injunction to the " FY 2010 Consolidated Appropriations Act . "
As of this posting , we are still awaiting word from CCR on the fate of ACORN 's pending motion .
Meanwhile , in New Orleans , James O'Keefe , who posed as the pimp in the ACORN sting video , along with three others , was arrested and " charged with entering federal property under false pretenses with the intent of committing a felony , " in relation to an alleged plot to tamper with the telephone system in the office of Senator Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) .
Despite repeated , often whiffed attacks by Republican partisans and operatives , ACORN has been instrumental in helping millions of low and middle - income American citizens to legally excercise their franchise to vote , as well as helping them take steps toward living the American dream by owning their own homes .
It remains unclear as to what O'Keefe and friends have done , other than to have harmed a voter - friendly organization unfairly and now having allegedly committed a federal felony offense .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Demonstrations have taken place around the UK to urge action on climate change ahead of the Copenhagen summit .
Organisers Stop Climate Chaos want world leaders to reach a tough new deal on cutting emissions .
In London , police originally said about 20,000 people had taken part - but did not contradict claims by the organisers that the actual figure was over 40,000 .
Gordon Brown praised the protesters for " propelling " leaders to reach the " first world climate change agreement " .
About 7,000 turned out for a demonstration in Glasgow .
A protest also took place in Belfast .
Climate camp protesters may stay in Trafalgar Square until Monday
As the main protest drew to a close on Saturday evening , some 150 protesters from a different action group - Camp for Climate Action - set up camp in Trafalgar Square , central London .
Organisers of the camp told the BBC News website they wished to draw attention to the role of the " political and economic system " in causing climate change .
The Metropolitan Police said they had been told the camp would remain in place for 48 hours .
" A small neighbourhood style police team will be in place to provide a police presence around Trafalgar Square , " said a Met spokesman .
' Flat earth group '
The prime minister , who met some of the demonstrators in Downing Street , said it was essential that a deal be reached in Copenhagen and leaders had to be " ambitious " .
Mr Brown said he and the " vast majority of people " were convinced by the scientific evidence for man-made global warming .
Aidan Harris sent in this picture of weather forecaster Michael Fish and TV star Peter Capaldi
He said Copenhagen had to convince everyone of the risks , including the sceptics .
" There 's a flat earth group over the evidence , if I may say so , that exists about climate change , and we 've got to show them that the scientific evidence is strong , " he said .
" The public need to be angry about the extent to which we have not taken action sufficiently as a world until now , and they 've got to then see that the first climate change agreement is not only necessary , it 's absolutely essential . "
Cut emissions
The demonstrators on Saturday made several demands , such as calling on Western nations to commit to an 80 % cut in carbon emissions by 2050 .
A series of events known collectively as The Wave took place in London .
They began with an ecumenical service at Westminster Central Hall , which involved both the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , and Archbishop Vincent Nichols , head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales .
Religious leaders said they were taking part in The Wave because they " recognise unequivocally that there is a moral imperative to tackle the causes of global warming " .
For poor people , climate change is not something in the future
Barbara Stocking , Oxfam
Glasgow march ahead of summit Climate protesters in ' Wave ' demo UN hits back at climate sceptics
In pictures : Climate demonstrations
At about 1200 GMT , they joined environmental campaigners , aid agencies , trade unions and organisations including the Women 's Institute for a rally close to the US embassy in Grosvenor Square , before beginning their march to the Houses of Parliament .
In Glasgow , demonstrators marched from Bellahouston Park in the south of the city to Kelvingrove Park for a rally .
Strathclyde Police said about 7,000 had turned out , which is believed to be Scotland 's largest protest in support of action on climate change .
AT THE SCENE By Jack Izzard , BBC News A sea of people , some dressed head - to - toe in blue , formed The Wave on the streets of Westminster .
But behind the blue face - paint and carnival atmosphere , the organisers from Stop Climate Chaos said their message was deadly serious .
They want to put pressure on the government ahead of next week 's Copenhagen summit .
The coalition is made up of more than 100 groups from the Women 's Institute to trade unions .
All are determined that the summit should avoid a fudge and take concrete steps to limit global warming .
Ashok Sinha , from the Stop Climate Chaos coalition , said : " We will call on Gordon Brown to make Copenhagen count by committing rich countries to reduce their emissions by at least 40 % in the next 10 years , finally putting the right sort of money on the table to help poor countries , and urgently start the process of decarbonising our energy supply .
" With bold leadership at home , Mr Brown can help inspire a fair , effective and binding international deal at Copenhagen . "
Mr Brown will join Barack Obama in Copenhagen next week , after the US president announced that he had changed his plans and would now attend the end of the conference .
Ahead of the summit , Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband took part in " the first ever ministerial mass phone call " on Saturday , after inviting questions from members of action group 38 Degrees via his website , Ed's Pledge .
He told the BBC : " We 're going to go all out , the whole of the British government , over the next two weeks to make sure we get the most ambitious agreement we can . "
Any agreement made at Copenhagen must become a legally - binding treaty " within months " , he added .
Barbara Stocking , chief executive of Oxfam , said world leaders must do more to help those in developing countries cope with the effects of global warming .
" For poor people , climate change is not something in the future .
Climate change is hitting them now , " she told the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The shooting death of Ali Habibi- Mousavi in Tehran has all the earmarks of a political assassination .
The nephew of opposition leader and recent presidential candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi reportedly had received death threats before he was shot in the heart by men believed to be security forces or pro-government militia .
On Monday , Habibi - Mousavi ’s family said his body was seized from the hospital , apparently to prevent them from holding a funeral that could ignite more protests -- a cycle that served Islamic revolutionaries when they toppled the shah 30 years ago .
The Iranian government denies killing demonstrators and claims that “ foreign terrorists ” murdered Habibi-Mousavi .
Certainly the last thing it wanted was to create another opposition martyr alongside Neda Agha - Soltan , the student whose fatal shooting was captured on video last summer when the protest movement began as an outcry against election fraud .
And yet that is quite possibly what happened on the holiest Shiite Muslim holiday , Ashura , honoring the martyrdom of Imam Hussein , a grandson of the prophet Muhammad who was killed fighting injustice .
Throughout the past six months , the Islamic government has used seemingly measured force and surgical arrests to try to put down the protests without fueling more opposition .
But the protests are not dying out .
On the contrary , photographs posted on websites and printed on front pages reveal emboldened demonstrators beating back government security forces , throwing rocks , attacking a police station and setting fires .
The opposition appears to have grown into a politically and geographically diverse grass - roots uprising .
Its challenge of the election results has expanded into a challenge to the very legitimacy of the Islamic government .
Against that backdrop , Habibi - Mousavi ’s death , along with the killing of at least seven other protesters , seems a sign of increasing desperation on the part of government forces .
Until now , the Ashura holiday was sacrosanct , a day for peace , not violence ; as another former presidential candidate , Mehdi Karroubi , noted , even the deposed Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi had respected it .
Hundreds of demonstrators were rounded up Sunday and 10 opposition leaders were arrested Monday , including former Foreign Minister Ebrahim Yazdi and three advisors to Mousavi .
Those are the acts of a government tightening its grasp for fear of losing its grip altogether .
President Obama condemned “ the violent and unjust suppression ” and called on Iran to abide by international human rights obligations .
Indeed , by refusing to respect the rights of the opposition , the Iranian regime courts civil war .
Calling a truce in a long and bitter battle , timber executives and environmentalists united Wednesday in supporting legislation to codify and expand current protections for old - growth forests on federal land in eastern Oregon .
After nearly eight months of talks , representatives of both groups joined Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , at a news conference in Washington as he introduced a bill that would ban cutting of trees more than 21 inches in diameter and protect delicate watershed areas .
Such prohibitions are already in place in many forests but are administrative in nature rather than mandated by law , and subject to rollback at any time .
In return for their support for such limits , which they had previously fought , timber groups were promised steady , unimpeded access to younger trees as part of a broader program to assure the health of the forests and fire prevention .
A common feature of many Computer Science courses is the issue of sorting : you may recall the bubble sort , the insertion sort , the merge sort and the quick sort .
You may also know their time complexity — bubble sort is O ( N^ 2 ) , meaning the time it takes is proportional to the square of the number of items involved .
In contrast , quick sort can reach O ( N* log N ) in some cases , which — crucially — is better .
These are all sequential algorithms though — what happens when we want to make a concurrent algorithm ?
There is a parallel version of quicksort , where as you divide and conquer your list , you fork off the two divisions into separate threads , and there are probably other pure parallel sorting strategies too .
With CHP we can approach the problem differently , using a concurrent sort pump .
I want to explain the sort pump because I like its design , not because it is blazingly fast .
We ’ll begin with a simple component process :
highest :: Ord a =>
Chanin a ->
Chanout a -> CHP ( ) highest input output = readChannel input >>= highest ' where highest ' x = do y <- readChannel input let ( low , high ) = if x < y then ( x , y ) else ( y , x ) writeChannel output low highest ' high
This process starts by reading in a value to hold .
Then it repeatedly reads in a new value , keeping the highest one and sending on the lowest one .
So if you feed it a stream of values , it will keep hold of the highest value it has seen , and will pass on all lower values .
Now let ’s consider what happens if you connect two of these processes together .
The first process will keep the highest value , sending on all others .
The second process will keep the highest value of these others — i.e. the second highest value of all of them .
Connect three together , and the third will hold the third highest value .
Connect N of these together , pass in N values , and the Mth process will hold the Mth highest value .
Voila , a sort pump !
There is a problem with our sort pump though — it sorts the values , but we have no way of getting the result out !
So we need to augment our component to permit the “ flushing ” of the pump :
data FlushOrNormal a = Flush [ a ] | Normal a highestFlush :: Ord a => Chanin ( FlushOrNormal a ) -> Chanout ( FlushOrNormal a ) -> CHP ( ) highest
Flush input output = empty where empty = do x <- readChannel input case x of Flush _ -> writeChannel output x >> empty Normal y -> full y full cur = do x <- readChannel input case x of Flush xs -> writeChannel output ( Flush ( cur:xs ) ) >> empty Normal new -> let ( low , high ) = if cur < new then ( cur , new ) else ( new , cur ) in writeChannel output ( Normal low ) >> full high
If the component receives a flush signal , it will prepend its currently held value to the list and send on the flush message .
Because the first process has the highest value , and all processes prepend , the list ends up in ascending order .
If a normal ( non-flush ) value is received , the component behaves as before .
We can then wrap a pipeline of these processes in a tidy process that takes in a list of items , sorts them and sends them out again :
sorterFixedCapacity :: Ord a =>
Int -> Chanin [ a ] ->
Chanout [ a ] -> CHP ( ) sorter FixedCapacity n input output = do pumpIn <- oneToOneChannel pumpOut <- oneToOneChannel pipeline ( replicate n highest Flush ) ( reader pumpIn ) ( writer pumpOut ) < |*|> ( forever $ do xs <- readChannel input mapM_ ( writeChannel ( writer pumpIn ) .
Normal ) xs writeChannel ( writer pumpIn ) $ Flush [ ]
Flush xs ' <- readChannel ( reader pumpOut ) writeChannel output xs ' )
This sort pump is fixed capacity — if you send the above process a list that is longer than its stated capacity , it wo n’t work correctly .
I will not go into the solutions in detail here , but there are are several — we could set - up and tear - down the list of processes each time if we wished , and we could also make the pump automatically expand .
Finally , let ’s think about the sort pump ’s time complexity .
Each value will pass through half the pipeline on average ( not counting the flush ) , so N / 2 communications per item .
This happens to N items , so N* N / 2 communications ( plus N for the flush , but that falls away ) [ Correction : this should be N * ( N+1 ) /2 — see the comments below ] .
Each component will see on average N /2 items , and will thus perform N / 2 comparisons , so N* N / 2 comparisons [ Correction : actually , this should be N * ( N - 1 ) / 2 , I think — see the comments ] .
Our time complexity is therefore O ( N^2 ) overall , but importantly if you had N processors ( and very fast communications ) , each process would run O ( N ) operations in parallel , and thus you would have an O ( N ) sorting algorithm .
Although , as the corrections indicate , some of this can be a bit harder to calculate than it first appears !
While our theoretical bound is good , in practice the sort pump is only going to stand a chance of good performance if you have very few items that are very expensive to compare ( so that the computation — i.e. the comparisons — outweigh the communications ) .
The sort pump is really a concurrent version of the bubble sort , and shares many of its attributes : small , built on simple principles — but slow .
2009 Statistics at Triple -A :
466 At Bats
. 236 Batting Average ( 110 Hits )
21 Home Runs
75 RBI
67 Runs
0 Stolen Bases
. 284 On Base Percentage
. 444 Slugging Percentage
. 269 Batting Average on Balls in Play
What You Need To Know :
2007 First Round Draft Pick ( 21st overall )
Recently ranked as the Blue Jays # 2 prospect by Baseball America
His strikeout rate is a problem , at 24.5 % at Triple - A last season .
Even if his BABIP was at .299 ( 120 hits ) , his average would have been just .258 .
Considering he could see another jump in strikeouts in moving to the Major Leagues , you have to be concerned with his potential to hit for a usable average .
As Baseball America recently said , “ Scouts question how much Arencibia will hit in the major leagues because his swing is long and his bat speed is ordinary . ”
His flyball rate for his minor league career was 46.4 % , though it rose to 52.5 % at Triple - A last season .
That type of flyball rate , especially with his speed , is not conducive to a great BABIP .
The low number may not be purely luck related , so a huge rebound is no guarantee .
Just more fuel to the fire for a potentially poor average .
The power is his allure , with 51 career home runs in 1,204 AB over parts of three minor league seasons .
In 2008 , between Single & Double - A he hit 27 HR with 105 RBI .
It is likely that he gets an opportunity at some point in 2010 , with the Blue Jays having John Buck and Raul Chavez on the Major League roster .
Buck is a career .235 hitter and has never hit more than 18 HR in a season , which he ’s done just once ( his second best year was 12 ) .
The difference between him and Arencibia is minor , at best .
A year ago he would have been considered a must own in this situation , but his Triple - A struggles opened some eyes .
Still , if you are in a two - catcher format , he ’s certainly worth paying attention to .
Consider him as having the same type of potential as a Mike Napoli , long - term .
What are your thoughts on Arencibia ?
Is he a player you consider worth owning or does the average scare you off ?
Make sure to place your order for the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
You can read other recent Prospect Reports including :
by
[ Editor ’s note : The Washington Post ’s decision to shut down comments on its editors ’ blog — following an uproar over its ombudsman ’s error in describing the Washington lobbying scandal — has reopened the debate over how websites should handle reader comments .
Particularly anonymous ones .
Industry consultant Vin Crosbie posted this essay Tuesday to the Online News Association ‘s e-mail discussion list .
We republish an edited version here as an instructive lesson to online news publishers struggling with how to solicit and manage informative and responsible reader content . ]
“ Silence Dogood ” has been pointed to as the mother of a rich history of anonymity in American journalism .
What is true is that between April and October of 1722 New England Courant Publisher James Franklin printed 14 articles that had been slipped under his door .
The author “ Silence Dogood ” claimed to be the widow of a country minister , but Franklin suspected the name was a pseudonym for someone else .
It was common for eighteenth century journalists , including Franklin’s , to use pseudonyms when writing articles that the authorities might have been considered to be libelous or illegal .
Historical records infer that James Franklin knew the identities of his other pseudonymous contributors , but not that of “ Silence Dogood . ”
That failing was perhaps one of many reckless publishing decisions by Franklin , who soon served jail time for his own writings in the Courant and who the Boston authorities later banned from publishing newspapers .
He was meanwhile not amused to learn that “ Silence Dogood ” was actually his 16 - year - old brother and apprentice Benjamin Franklin .
Unlike James Franklin , American Weekly Mercury Publisher Andrew Bradford of Philadelphia knew before publication that “ Caelia Shortface ” and “ Martha Careful ” were pseudonyms for Ben Franklin , who had fled Boston and joined Bradford ’s employ .
When Franklin himself later became a newspaper publisher , he occasionally published his own articles under the pseudonyms “ Anthony Afterwit ” and “ Alice Addertongue . ”
Yet the “ Richard Saunders ” of the eponymous book “ Poor Richard ’s Almanac ” was probably publisher Ben Franklin ’s best - known , self - permitted pseudonym .
There is a rich history of pseudonymity in American opinion journalism .
Alexander Hamilton , James Madison and John Jay wrote “ The Federalist Papers ” using the pseudonym “ Publius , ” but not without their publisher ’s prior permission and knowledge of their true identities .
A more recent example occurred in 1947 when the publisher of Foreign Affairs granted the Moscow - based American diplomat George Kennan the pseudonym “ X ” to write the renowned political essay proposing the geographic containment of Communism .
Though I ca n’t think of a current American periodical that regularly grants pseudonyms to its writers , the British publishers of the Financial Times and The Economist regularly grant them for some of their columnists .
In all the examples I ’ve mentioned , the publishers not only knew the pseudonymous writers ’ true identities but also vetted the writers ’ submissions before publication .
That ’s a far cry from publishing anonymous blog postings .
Though there is a rich history of pseudonymity in American journalism , there is none of anonymity .
It has long been understood that if the publisher of a reputable periodical grants a writer use of a pseudonym , then that publisher knows the writer ’s true identity and takes responsibility — legal and otherwise — for that writer ’s words .
Printed periodicals grant pseudonymity but never anonymity .
Imagine the cacophony that would result if printed periodicals published unvetted , unreviewed , anonymous Letters to the Editor or Op - Ed essays .
Yet we ’re now discussing how some of those periodicals are doing the equivalent of that online .
Should there really be any surprise that many of those comments are scatological , obscene , or libelous ?
Publishing anonymous , unvetted , and unreviewed commentary online is hugely divergent from the policies of those publications ’ print editions .
It ’s a different kettle of fish , one that can stink for the publishers .
Indeed , those publishers and their new - media managers are being reckless .
And if you think I ’ve used too strong a word , poll newspaper libel lawyers and libel insurers .
Yes , the topic of anonymity is certainly worth discussing again and again .
But we do realize that , for human reasons , the topic has not evolved during the past 10 years despite the evolution of technology .
This topic is substantially the same as it was when the first open bulletin boards were posted on the Web in 1996 or when the first proprietary online service user forums went online years earlier .
Online news managers who do n’t know its history are doomed to relive it .
Although the technologies of this medium evolve with the speed of “ Moore ’s Law , ” the actual laws and liabilities governing the technologies evolve about as fast as the eponymous Gordon Moore can walk ( he celebrated his 77th birthday this month ) .
That is because the mechanical topic of technology and the human topic of ethics seemingly are n’t related to each other .
Although we may strive to offer bulletin boards and commentary fields where people might provide thoughtful and ethical comments without scatology , obscenity , or libel , we cannot and will not achieve that through technology alone .
What I ’m about to state might seem farfetched , but a decade of studying online news media leads me to fear that it is true .
I fear that our industry has fallen under the spell of a techno - utopian fallacy that says we can foster a renaissance in journalism , civic involvement and comity simply by implementing new - media technologies .
We implement technology that permits absolutely anonymous and spontaneous publication of people ’s comments and we expect the majority of those comments will be decent , civil , and legal .
We implement technology that allows readers to correspond with reporters and we expect those reporters will answer those readers ’ e-mails .
We implement technology that allows readers themselves to report the news and we expect that they will report a significant percentage of all stories in the future .
We implement such technologies and our publishers expect that it all should be completely automated and not need extra supervisory or moderation staffing .
And if a problem develops , we expect newer technology alone to solve it .
Yet we live in the real world , not a techno - utopian virtual world .
Our real online environment is infested with spams , scams , phishers , filthy ranters , and libelous demagogues .
The wonderful technologies we ’ve implemented actually attract and facilitate them .
( If technologies existed that permitted anonymous , unvetted , and unmoderated letters to be published in printed publications , then scatological , obscene , and libelous letters to the editor would appear there , too . )
Technology alone cannot foster a renaissance in journalism , civic involvement and comity .
What we need are policies and practices to govern how our readers utilize these online technologies .
I realize that fans of “ We Media ” and “ We the Media ” ( particularly those who think that mainstream media “ talks down ” to readers ) might flinch at my using the phrase “ govern how our readers utilize . ”
But media cannot offer transparency to the readers unless the readers are also willing to be transparent .
If “ News is a Conversation , ” then transparency is required among all participants in that conversation , including the readers .
Radicals might claim that the news media must be absolutely subordinate to the readers .
Yet just as the government must be subordinate to its citizens , no citizen can claim rights beyond the compact of government .
If the readers are to govern how media operates , them no reader who wants to interact with the media should claim rights beyond that which the readers themselves demand from the media .
Why do so many otherwise pragmatic people in our industry think that their only choice is between accepting unmoderated and anonymous comments or else accepting none at all ?
I think this is because absolutism is part of the dogma of the techno - utopian fallacy .
The choice about publishing comments need n’t be an all - or - nothing decision .
The true path is in the middle of those extremes .
If you ’re going to let someone publish something in your publication , whether in print or online , know their identity and read their submission before its publication .
If they truly are willing to stand behind their words , then they must be willing to withstand identification by the publisher who has legal responsibility for the publication of their words .
If they request that the publisher disguise or omit their identity in publication , let them first provide the publisher with a cogent reason .
( The publisher should state somewhere on the page ’s boilerplate that a writer ’s name may be withheld for reasons but only after prior identification . )
Yes , I know that this will create work for the online publishing staff .
Tough .
If you want to offer your readers the facility to comment , then you must adequately staff that facility or else cacophony can result , as it has in many cases .
Publishers are deluded by the techno - utopian fallacy if they think that just because this facility involves computers it should operate autonomously and without staff moderation and supervision .
There is no free lunch online .
You may have to identify by phone or e-mail the readers who submit comments , or perhaps you can build a registration system that adequately does this .
You may also be able to build a system that filters out scatological or obscene terminology , but you should still review the submissions that survive those filters .
Trust your readers , but do n’t do so blindly .
Blindness does n’t foster transparency .
If a renaissance in journalism , civic involvement and comity is ever to be fostered , it must happen responsibly and without absolutism .
Rights are also responsibilities .
We have responsible free speech , not absolute free speech ( do n’t yell “ Fire ! ” in a crowded theater unless there actually is a fire ) .
You are irresponsible to your publisher , readers , transparency , and journalism if you offer absolute anonymity and spontaneous publication in your comments sections .
You might get away with it for a while , but not forever .
LRO @ GSFC
Where is LRO ?
LRO RTVTK
LROC
LROC Featured Sites
LROC Quickmap
LROC WMS
LROC Lunaserv
CRaTER Radio
CRaTER
DIVINER
LAMP / SwRI / GSFC
LRO / LAMP SOC
LEND
LOLA
Mini-RF
PDS LRO Node
ARTEMIS
USGS Lunar Web Mapping Application
USGS Map-a- Planet - Moon
GRAIL @ PDS
GRAIL MoonKAM
LADEE
LCROSS ARC
Return to the Moon
Dr. Harrison H. Schmitt
British Columbia
Institute of Technology
Cislunar Space Next
The Space Review
I ’ll keep updating the other thread but this one ’s too much fun to bury there .
An instant classic , courtesy of Greg Hengler .
Update :
While you watch , a question from John Miller to meditate on .
I fear we all know the answer , my friends .
Typing Games are dexterity games that teach and train people to use their keyboard .
Not everyone types at full speed when they play addictive online games .
Here at Silvergames.com we have fantastic typing games that take full advantage of the many keys at your disposal .
Put your skills to the test and find out if you are really as fast a typer as you think .
You can use our free online games to practice typing at the computer .
By using the entire alphabet , you train yourself to type faster and more accurately .
Our fun keyboard games also teach you how to spell words quickly .
Much of playing typing games well is muscle memory .
So the more you play the more likely your fingers will remember where the letters are .
Practice your skills and your speed at the keyboard with quiz games and shooting games .
Stretch out your arms and your fingers , make sure you 've popped your knuckles and test your skills right now .
These words are n't going to write themselves , you know ?
Coming 2030 : Car Hero !
We ’ve all played Forza and marveled at the realism of driving in Gran Turismo ( especially with a table - mounted wheel ) , but what if driving a car was more like a video game ?
As a part of the annual Design Challenge at the Los Angeles Auto Show , the design studios of several auto manufacturers compete to create concepts based on a theme .
This year the theme was “ Youthmobile 2030 ” , asking designers how to translate emerging communication methods into automobiles for the future .
General Motors ’ submission is a concept dubbed “ Car Hero ” .
In other words : no , this is not an actual game coming out in 2030 ( unless Activision gets to the patent office first ) .
Car Hero is actually quite a novel idea , albeit probably mighty dangerous .
The vehicle is meant to help teach prospective drivers the ins and outs of the road while at the same time making it a fun , game - like experience .
Car Hero is an autonomous vehicle that drives you to your location .
However , by playing along via the in - car steering wheel and pedals and doing their best to follow the Guitar Hero schematic projected onto the road , drivers can eventually hone their skills enough to actually take control .
Still following me ?
No ?
Think of it this way : if you complete Car Hero on “ Easy ” you are then allowed to actually take control of the vehicle on the road , perhaps only in your neighborhood and under 35 miles per hour .
Beat the “ Normal ” mode and you ’re now allowed to hit the highway .
Beat the game on “ Hard ” or “ Expert ” and further craziness transpires as the vehicle can “ transmorph ” into a 3 - wheeler , 2 - wheeler - or even single wheel vehicle for the ultimate driving challenge .
Essentially this will not only make people better drivers , but will also allow expert road stallions to have a continuous challenge .
Yeah , that ’s the part that terrifies me , too .
Yet oddly I WANT .
TO .
DRIVE .
IT .
Great idea , but let ’s just hope that some of the concept stays on the drawing board until we ’re comfortable with Grandma in a turbocharged unicycle passing us by on I - 75 .
Press release and more images below .
Are you gaming or are you driving ?
Yes .
The OnStar Car Hero is a vehicle and a gameâ€ ¦ it turns driving into gaming and challenges your skills against the car ’s autonomous system .
Imagine a gaming experience which can actually teach a beginner to drive or challenge the experiencedâ€ ¦ whether you ’re a lowbie or a legend , Car Hero takes “ getting there ” to a whole new level .
Getting started is easy .
Just enter your destination into the navi app on your smart phone and the car takes care of the rest .
It lets you “ play along ” and try to match the skill level of the system .
As you get better , the Car Hero “ unlocks ” vehicle control to the point where the autonomous system is overridden and you ’re in complete control .
This is where things get interesting .
As the Car Hero gamer demonstrates skill and mastery , the vehicle ’s “ transmorphable ” architecture turns up the intensity by creating an increasingly challenging driving experience .
Car Hero ’s configuration rewards your skills by gradually changing from a four , to three , to the ultimate challenge , a single wheeled vehicle .
Your talent determines how outrageous it gets and where it lets you go .
Car Hero also features P2P apps like “ Friends Drive ” where anyone can come along for a digital joyride , think of it as Twitter with wheels .
For those bored and stuck in yet another LA Sigalert , “ Fantasy Drive ” gives you access to insane environments such as running with the bulls in Pamplona or taking on Ken Block in a drift contestâ€¦ down a black diamond at Mammoth !
The experience is up to you .
Only question isâ€ ¦
Are you up for it ?
Designers :
Frank Saucedo
Thamer Hannona
Shawn Moghadam
Julius Bernardo
Jussi Timonen
Steve Anderson
[ Courtesy LA Auto Show ]
A written warning would have been a more appropriate punishment , said the court , which ordered the fast - food chain to pay the worker the salary for the remaining five months of her contract - a total of 4,265.47 euros ( £ 3,660 ) .
January 4 , 2010
THE U.S. government had a terrifying New Year 's message for the people of Yemen - - you are our targets this year .
During his weekly radio address , President Barack Obama set the stage for a new front in the U.S. war on terror , linking a December 25 airplane bombing attempt -- in which a young Nigerian , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , tried to set off a bomb on a Northwest flight from Amsterdam to Detroit -- with an al - Qaeda group in Yemen .
" We know that he traveled to Yemen , a country grappling with crushing poverty and deadly insurgencies .
It appears that he joined an affiliate of al - Qaeda , and that this group -- al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula - - trained him , equipped him with those explosives and directed him to attack that plane headed for America , " Obama said .
The same day , Gen. David Petraeus visited Yemeni dictator Ali Abdullah Saleh .
The U.S. , along with the British government , plans to fund a special counterterrorism police unit in Yemen .
The next day , the U.S. and Britain ordered that their embassies shut down in the capital of Sana'a .
The hawks were getting behind the Obama administration taking swift action in Yemen as part of the war on terrorism .
" Yemen now becomes one of the centers of that fight , " said Senate Homeland Security Committee chair Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) .
" We have a growing presence there -- and we have to -- of special operations , Green Berets , intelligence . "
" Somebody in our government said to me in Sana 'a , the capital of Yemen , [ that ]
Iraq was yesterday 's war , Afghanistan is today 's war , " Lieberman said in a recent interview with Australia 's ABC News , after his recent trip to Yemen .
" If we do n't act pre-emptively , Yemen will be tomorrow 's war .
That 's the danger we face . "
The Obama administration appears to be moving quickly toward deadly assaults on Yemen .
But while U.S. officials try to claim that targeting Yemen is about protecting the U.S. from terrorist attack , Yemen has been in the U.S. sights for some time .
The only difference now is it 's out in the open .
Long before a young Nigerian stepped onto a Northwest flight wearing explosives , the U.S. was fighting a covert war in Yemen .
On December 17 , the U.S. military launched Cruise missiles against two alleged al - Qaeda sites in Yemen on orders from Obama .
It took several days for U.S. officials to admit the its role in the strikes , with news reports from Yemen initially attributing the attacks to the Yemen Air Force .
ABC News reported that after the December 17 air strikes , the president called to " congratulate " Saleh .
Yemen opposition forces said the raids killed 63 people , 28 of them children , in the province of Abyan .
In addition to the air strikes , Yemen security forces conducted raids in three more locations , in which as 120 people were reportedly killed .
Again , according to opposition leaders , many of the dead were civilians .
American drones have been conducting a covert assault on alleged al - Qaeda bases in Yemen for about a year .
CIA agents have been on the ground there , as have American Special Forces , who are also involved in training Yemeni military forces .
Before the Christmas incident , the U.S. already had plans to increase its spending on counterterrorism in Yemen from $ 67 million this year to as much as $ 190 million in 2010 , reported the Wall Street Journal .
Publicly disclosed Pentagon counter - terrorism funding for Yemen grew from $ 4.6 million in 2006 .
This does n't include funding for classified intelligence work .
" The U.S. Air Force has been flying over eastern and southern areas of Yemen , taking pictures of what they think are training camps for al - Qaeda , " Abdulelah Haidar Shaea , an expert in al - Qaeda in Yemen , told the British Guardian newspaper .
" The Yemeni air force attacked these places .
Just as in Waziristan [ Pakistan ] , the U.S. involvement led to civilian casualties , which mean people will join al - Qaeda in revenge . "
So is it much of a surprise that the U.S. , which is behind so much violence in Yemen , is viewed as a target for violence ?
YEMEN IS marked by extreme poverty and political corruption .
It has few natural resources .
The country 's few oilfields are expected to run dry in the coming years .
Some 45 percent of Yemenis live on less than $ 2 a day , according to the United Nations .
The Saleh government likely hopes that it can use U.S. backing for its " war on terror " to maintain its tenuous hold on power .
While the North and South of the country were officially unified in 1990 , the Saleh government faces a growing secessionist movement in the South and an insurgency in the North , led by Houthis , militant members of the Zaydi Shia group that makes up about a third of the country 's population .
In August , the Saleh government ended its cease - fire with the Houthis , launching what it called " Operation Scorched Earth . "
And in November , Saudi warplanes bombed alleged Houthi rebel positions along the border .
As journalist Patrick Cockburn pointed out , the Yemeni government " has long been trying to portray the Shia rebels in north Yemen as Iranian cats - paws in order to secure American and Saudi support .
Al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula probably only has a few hundred activists in Yemen , but the government of longtime Yemeni President Ali Abdulah Saleh will portray his diverse opponents as somehow linked to al - Qaeda . "
U.S. intervention in Yemen will only make conditions worse for Yemenis , increasing the possibility of already existing divisions growing deeper and of Saleh 's corrupt rule becoming more cemented .
And it does nothing to stop the terrorism that it was supposedly initiated to defeat .
In fact , U.S. policy gives it the fuel it needs to flourish and grow .
As Salon.com 's Glenn Greenwald said in a December 31 interview on Democracy Now !
The myth , from the beginning , has been that there is a certain group of intrinsically evil people called " the terrorists , " and the key to beating them is to just kill them all .
And once you kill them all with bombs and other air attacks and the like , or if you lock them up forever , once you do that to the finite group known as " the terrorists , " there will be no more terrorists , and we will have won the war on terror ...
And , of course , what we actually have been doing over the last nine years -- and we do n't ever learn our lesson -- is we 're actually expanding the pool of terrorists .
We 're increasing rapidly the number of people who are sympathetic to Islamic radicalism and who are willing -- who are so angry at us that they 're not only willing to kill innocent civilians , but they 're willing to give up their own lives to do it .
With its threats to Yemen , as with its escalation of the war on Afghanistan , the Obama administration is continuing -- and expanding -- the same policies of war and intervention as the Bush administration .
And with covert and not - so - covert air strikes and military operations in Yemen , Obama is also following in the footsteps of the Bush doctrine of " pre-emptive war " against any country the U.S. deems a " failed state . "
Next week I 'll show the configuration and implementation of this project as an iPhone application for the benefit of Cocoa Touch developers .
In this post , I present a complete Cocoa Mac application implemented with unit tests for all created code .
I 'll create the tests first and then only add the code required to make the tests pass , largely following a test - driven development ( TDD ) methodology .
Introduction
A few days ago , I spent some time searching for a Cocoa application with source code and full unit tests but I was only able to find Apple 's trivial iPhoneUnitTests sample project .
With more than four years of official support ( Apple added OCUnit to the Developer Tools in 2005 ) and a large number of articles and blog posts by Mac programmers endorsing unit testing and offering solutions to problems within unit testing , it is surprising to me that there are so few code examples showing Cocoa applications with full unit tests .
So I decided to re-implement one of my own projects ( the WhereIsMyMac application from an earlier post ) with complete unit tests using a test - first approach —
I 'll create failing tests and only add code to the project to pass those failing tests .
I 'll be cheating a bit relative to proper test - first development ( since this is a re-implementation of an existing project , I already know what the final code should be ) but I 'll keep to the spirit of the process by only adding as much code as I need to make the tests pass .
I know people will want to see how this works on the iPhone but since this post is already large , I 've deferred that implementation until next week .
Xcode unit testing targets
There are two different ways of configuring Xcode for unit testing : logic test targets and application test targets .
Logic tests — these are run in a executable that is separate from your application .
The separate build can be easier to manage , faster to build and is easier to run objects in isolation since it avoids the application setup .
However , you cannot test components which rely on the application ( which is most user interface components ) .
Generally , this type of test target is intended for libraries , frameworks and testing the back - end ( model components of model - view - controller ) of your application .
Logic tests are easily run at build - time or from the command - line , which is helpful for continuous integration or automated test processes .
— these are run in a executable that is separate from your application .
The separate build can be easier to manage , faster to build and is easier to run objects in isolation since it avoids the application setup .
However , you cannot test components which rely on the application ( which is most user interface components ) .
Generally , this type of test target is intended for libraries , frameworks and testing the back - end ( model components of model - view - controller ) of your application .
Application tests — these tests let the application load first and are subsequently loaded into the existing application .
This means that the full application environment is available to your tests .
In many cases , controller tests and view tests need to be run as application tests since they are reliant on the full environment .
Application tests allow your application to be tested in a more realistic environment , reducing the chance that environment or integration level issues will be missed .
They are normally run as a separate step ( not as part of the build ) and therefore may be less convenient for tests that need to be run every time .
I 'll focus exclusively on the second type of testing target , since it will allow full testing of the application .
It may seem strange to talk about " unit tests " which are supposed to be run in isolation but then talk about " Application tests " which provide the environment in which to run tests .
The reality is that you can only isolate user - interface unit tests from your own code — there will always be some interaction ( in hidden and not controllable ways ) with the application framework code .
Windows , views and controls simply wo n't work if there 's no application around them .
Mac project configuration
One of the best sources of information on configuring Xcode for Unit Tests is Chris Hanson 's series on unit testing .
I 'll follow many of the steps that he describes and further add OCMock integration to the procedure .
After you 've created a blank project , use the " Project → New Target ... " menu item to add a new " Cocoa → Unit Testing Bundle " Target to the project .
Note :
The testing target is a separate target .
This means that you need to be careful of target membership .
All application source files should be added to the application target only .
Test code files should be added to the testing target only .
It 'd be great if that 's all that you needed but there 's more .
First , drag your application 's target onto the unit testing target to create a dependency ( force the application to build before the unit tests ) .
Then edit the unit testing target 's settings ( Right click → Get Info ) and set the " Build →Linking → Bundle Loader " for all configurations to :
$ ( CONFIGURATION_BUILD_DIR ) / WhereIsMyMac . app / Contents / MacOS / WhereIsMyMac
where " WhereIsMyMac " is the name of the application you 're unit testing .
This will let the testing target link against the application ( so you do n't get linker errors when compiling ) .
Also set the " Build →Unit Testing → Test Host " to $ ( BUNDLE_LOADER ) ( this will give this property the same value as the above setting ) .
This property lets the automated build - time script know to launch the application and inject the unit testing bundle into it to start the tests .
Logic tests note :
If you want to do logic tests instead of application tests , leave the Bundle Loader and Test Host fields empty and add all files you want to test to the test target ( so the test target becomes a separate , self - contained target instead of linking against the main application ) .
Finally , download a copy of OCMock , place the OCMock .
framework in the same directory as your .xcodeproj file and set the " Build →Search Paths → Framework Search Paths " to :
" $( SDKROOT / Developer / Library / Frameworks "
" $( SRCROOT ) "
Neither need to be recursive .
The quotes are to handle potential spaces in your paths .
The first search path will probably already exist in the settings but we add the second search path so that the OCUnit framework will be found in the project 's directory .
The configuration so far will run all tests as a build step ( the Cocoa Unit Testing target includes a Run Script build step that runs all the unit tests ) .
To allow debugging as well as build - time execution , add a new executable to the project ( " Project → New Custom Executable ... " ) with a path relative to the Build Product of :
WhereIsMyMac . app / Contents / MacOS / WhereIsMyMac
and in the custom application 's settings ( Right click → Get Info ) on the Argument tab , set the arguments and environment variables as follows :
Most of these settings configure the application to load our test bundle into itself when it runs .
The : $( SRCROOT ) at the end of fallback framework path is to allow the application to find the OCUnit framework in our project directory at runtime .
Separate executable : since this test debugging executable is a separate executable , you will need to switch to the debugging executable for debugging tests and switch back when you want to run the application normally .
AppDelegate Tests
Startup integration
The application will start with the WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate and we 'll use the the WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate to load the main window .
The first test is therefore to ensure that application 's delegate is an instance of WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate on startup .
- ( void ) testAppDelegate { id appDelegate = [ [ NSApplication sharedApplication ] delegate ] ; STAssertTrue ( [ appDelegate isKindOfClass :[ WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate class ] ] , @" Cannot find the application delegate . " ) ; }
This is a short and simple test but it is n't a unit test .
It 's actually an integration test ( since it is testing the fully connected +[ NSApplication sharedApplication ] in place .
An ideal unit test would test the NSApplication in isolation and ensure that it creates and sets its delegate property correctly .
This is infeasible since NSApplication can't be isolated so we simply accept the nature of the class and test the instance of shared Application that should be created on startup .
Of course , unit testing NSApplication itself should n't be necessary but an integration test to ensure that the startup of the program leads correctly to the creation and setting of the WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate is still a good idea .
applicationDidFinishLaunching :
The next test is to ensure that applicationDidFinishLaunching : on the delegate will :
create the WhereIsMyMacWindowController and set it on the delegate load the WhereIsMyMacWindowController 's window make the WhereIsMyMacWindowController 's window the main and key window
- ( void ) testApplicationDidFinishLaunching { WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate * appDelegate = [ [ [
WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ; id mockWindow = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ NSWindow class ] ] ; [ [ mockWindow expect ] makeKeyAndOrderFront : appDelegate ] ; mockWindowController = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ WhereIsMyMacWindowController class ] ] ; [ [ [ mockWindowController expect ] and Return : mockWindow ] window ] ; NSUInteger preRetainCount = [ mockWindowController retainCount ] ; [ appDelegate applicationDidFinishLaunching : nil ] ; [ mockWindowController verify ] ; [ mockWindow verify ] ; NSUInteger postRetainCount = [ mockWindowController retainCount ] ; STAssertEquals ( postRetainCount , preRetainCount + 1 , @" Window controller not retained " ) ; id windowController ; object_getInstanceVariable ( appDelegate , " windowController " , ( void ** ) & windowController ) ; STAssertEqualObjects ( windowController , mockWindowController , @ " windowController not set on appDelegate " ) ; object_setInstanceVariable ( appDelegate , " windowController " , nil ) ; mockWindowController = nil ; }
This test is a near perfectly decoupled unit test of the -[ WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate applicationDidFinishLaunching : ] method .
However , the approaches used to decouple it from the rest of the program probably make it tricky to understand .
The first two lines create a clean WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate to test .
The second two lines create a mock NSWindow that we use to check that the window is brought to the front by makeKeyAndOrderFront : .
In conjunction with the later [ mockWindow verify ] this will test the 3rd requirement in the list above .
The next three lines create a WhereIsMyMacWindowController that will be swapped in place of any WhereIsMyMacWindowController that the appDelegate tries to create ( more on how this works in the next paragraph ) .
The mockWindowController is told to expect window to be invoked and when it does , will return the mockWindow .
In conjunction with the [ mockWindowController verify ] , the retain count checks and the STAssertEqualObjects will verify the first two requirements in the list .
I mentioned that mockWindowController will be substituted in place of a real WhereIsMyMacWindowController any time the appDelegate tries to create a WhereIsMyMacWindowController .
This works because mockWindowController is a global variable that affects the following category :
id mockWindowController = nil ; @implementation WhereIsMyMacWindowController ( WhereIsMyMacAppDelegateTests ) - ( id ) init { if ( mockWindowController ) { [ self release ] ; return mockWindowController ; } return invokeSupersequent ( ) ; } @end
This category overrides the -[ WhereIsMyMacWindowController init ] method to return the mockWindowController if it exists , otherwise the default behavior .
The invokeSupersequent ( ) comes from my old Supersequent implementation post ( it 's like invoking the super method but will invoke the current class ' base or earlier category implementation , not just a genuine super method and is more flexible — though slower — than method swizzling ) .
Of course , we only want this override to return the mock object at specific times .
This is why the mockWindowController must be explicitly set back to nil at the end of the method .
Notice that the category overrides init , not alloc : technically , overriding alloc would prevent any method being invoked on WhereIsMyMacWindowController ( making the test perfectly decoupled from other classes ) however this would mean that we'd need to invoke init on the mock object and OCClassMockObject does not let you mock any methods that it implements for itself ( this includes all of the NSProxy methods plus initWithClass : and mockedClass ) .
So instead , we override init and make the acceptable tradeoff to allow +[ Where IsMyMacWindowController alloc ] to be invoked .
A related point is that OCClassMockObject can't mock retain or release .
This is why manual checks on the retainCount are used instead of asking the mock object to expect a retain .
If you expect autorelease to be used instead of release , you 'd need to wrap the tested method invocation in an NSAutoreleasePool to flush the autorelease before testing the retainCount .
A final point about this test : it uses object_getInstanceVariable and object_setInstanceVariable to get the windowController from the appDelegate instead of the property accessor .
The reason for this is that object_getInstanceVariable directly reads the value from the object without invoking any accessor methods that might have secondary effects .
Some code presented elsewhere uses valueForKey : to achieve the same effect but the problem with this is that valueForKey : will use the window getter method if it exists — we want to directly test that the actual instance variable is set on the class without interference .
applicationWillTerminate :
The final tests for the WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate are for the applicationWillTerminate : method .
This method should close window and release it .
- ( void ) testApplicationWillTerminate { WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate * appDelegate = [ [ [
WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ; id mockWindowController = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ WhereIsMyMacWindowController class ] ] ; [ mockWindowController retain ] ; object_setInstanceVariable ( appDelegate , " windowController " , mockWindowController ) ; NSUInteger preRetainCount = [ mockWindowController retainCount ] ; [ [ mockWindowController expect ] close ] ; [ appDelegate applicationWillTerminate : nil ] ; [ mockWindowController verify ] ; NSUInteger postRetainCount = [ mockWindowController retainCount ] ; STAssertEquals ( postRetainCount , preRetainCount , @ " Window controller not released " ) ; id windowController ; object_getInstanceVariable ( appDelegate , " windowController " , ( void ** ) & windowController ) ; STAssertNil ( windowController , @ " Window controller property not set to nil " ) ; }
After creating an appDelegate to test , this method creates a mock WhereIsMyMacWindowController , tells it to expect a close invocation , sets it as the windowController on the appDelegate to this new mock object , invokes applicationWillTerminate : on the appDelegate , verifies that the close method was invoked , ensures that the retainCount is decremented by one and that the windowController instance variable is set to nil .
That 's three failing tests .
One is more of an integration test than a unit test ( since it relies on the NSApplcation operating in place ) but the others are genuine isolated unit tests on the WhereIsMyMacAppDelegate .
The implementation to pass these tests is less interesting but you can have a look at the sample project to see how I added code to pass these tests .
Window Controller Tests
loadWindow integration
As with the application delegate , the first test is an integration test .
We need to test that the loadWindow method will load the required user interface elements from files in the bundle .
This is similar to Chris Hanson 's " Trust by verify " approach except that I test the loading of the window separately from the windowDidLoad and window methods .
- ( void ) testLoadWindow { [ windowController loadWindow ] ; WebView * webView ; object_getInstanceVariable ( windowController , " webView " , ( void ** ) & webView ) ; CLLocationManager * locationManager ; object_getInstanceVariable ( windowController , " locationManager " , ( void ** ) & locationManager ) ; NSText Field * locationLabel ; object_getInstanceVariable ( windowController , " locationLabel " , ( void ** ) & locationLabel ) ; NSText Field * accuracyLabel ; object_getInstanceVariable ( windowController , " accuracyLabel " , ( void ** ) & accuracyLabel ) ; NSButton * openInBrowserButton ; object_getInstanceVariable ( windowController , " openInBrowserButton " , ( void ** ) & openInBrowserButton ) ; STAssertTrue ( [ windowController isWindowLoaded ] , @" Window failed to load " ) ; STAssertNotNil ( webView , @ " webView ivar not set on load " ) ; STAssertNotNil ( locationLabel , @" locationLabel ivar not set on load " ) ; STAssertNotNil ( accuracyLabel , @" accuracy Label ivar not set on load " ) ; STAssertNotNil ( openInBrowserButton , @ " openInBrowserButton ivar not set on load " ) ; STAssertEqualObjects ( windowController , [ openInBrowserButton target ] , @" openInBrowserButton button does n't target window controller " ) ; STAssertTrue ( [ openInBrowserButton action ] == @selector ( openInDefaultBrowser :) , @" openInBrowserButton button does n't invoke openInDefaultBrowser : " ) ; }
The windowController is a fixture that 's allocated in the setUp method .
The majority of this method then gets the instance variables from the windowController after the loadWindow method is invoked and tests that the required properties are all set .
We can now test the windowDidLoad method as a separate step to the loadWindow .
The windowDidLoad should create a CLLocationManager object , set the window controller as the delegate and start location updates .
windowDidLoad
- ( void ) testWindowDidLoad { mockLocationManager = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ CLLocationManager class ] ] ; [ [ mockLocationManager expect ] setDelegate : windowController ] ; [ [ mockLocationManager expect ] startUpdatingLocation ] ; [ windowController windowDidLoad ] ; [ mockLocationManager verify ] ; object_setInstanceVariable ( windowController , " locationManager " , nil ) ; mockLocationManager = nil ; }
This uses the same category override approach that was used in the testApplicationDidFinishLaunching method to swap in a mock CLLocationManager and ensure that the appropriate methods are invoked .
locationManager:didUpdateToLocation : fromLocation :
Next step : verify that the correct Google Maps location is loaded in the WebView 's mainFrame when a given coordinate is passed to the WhereIsMyMacWindowController implementation of the -[ CLLocationManagerDelegate locationManager:didUpdateToLocation : fromLocation : ] method .
This test method is pretty big but the essence is that :
The web view and its main frame are mocked .
The main frame is told to expect specific a specific HTML string that 's loaded from a pre-created file .
The method is then passed the exact location that should trigger that HTML string .
The mock web frame is then asked to verify that the expected HTML string was loaded .
The window 's labels are also tested to ensure they receive the correct values .
- ( void ) testUpdateToLocation { NSString * htmlString = [ NSString stringWithContentsOfFile : [ [ NSBundle bundleWithIdentifier : @ " com.yourcompany.UnitTests " ] pathForResource : @ " WebPageTestContent " of Type : @ " html " ] encoding : NSUTF8 StringEncoding error : NULL ] ; id mockWebView = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ WebView class ] ] ; id mockWebFrame = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ WebFrame class ] ] ; [ [ [ mockWebView stub ] and Return : mockWebFrame ] mainFrame ] ; [ [ mockWebFrame expect ] loadHTMLString : htmlString baseURL : nil ] ; object_setInstanceVariable ( windowController , " webView " , mockWebView ) ; NSText Field * locationLabel = [ [ [ NSText
Field alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ; NSText Field * accuracyLabel = [ [ [ NSText
Field alloc ] init ] autorelease ] ; object_setInstanceVariable ( windowController , " locationLabel " , locationLabel ) ; object_setInstanceVariable ( windowController , " accuracyLabel " , accuracyLabel ) ; CLLocationCoordinate2D coord ; coord .
longitude = 144.96326388 ; coord .
latitude = - 37.80996889 ; CLLocation * location = [ [ [ CLLocation alloc ] initWithCoordinate : coord altitude : 0 horizontalAccuracy : kCLLocationAccuracyBest verticalAccuracy : kCLLocationAccuracyHundredMeters timestamp :[ NSDate date ] ] autorelease ] ; [ windowController locationManager : nil didUpdateToLocation : location fromLocation : nil ] ; [ windowController locationManager : nil didUpdateToLocation : location fromLocation : location ] ; [ mockWebFrame verify ] ; STAssertEqualObjects ( ( [ location Label stringValue ] ) , ( [ NSString stringWithFormat : @ " %f , %f " , coord .
latitude , coord .
longitude ] ) , @" Location label not set . " ) ; STAssertEqualObjects ( ( [ accuracy Label stringValue ] ) , ( [ NSString stringWithFormat : @ " %f " , kCLLocationAccuracyBest ] ) , @" Location label not set . " ) ; }
An interesting point to notice here is that the WebPageTestContent file is loaded from a bundle that is n't the mainBundle .
This is because the test resides in the UnitTests.octest bundle , not the application 's bundle ( which is the " main " bundle ) .
locationManager:didFailWithError : and openInDefaultBrowser :
I 'll leave out the code for the location Manager : didFailWithError : test — it 's largely the same as the previous test but with a different HTML string to load in the web view 's main frame .
You can see it in the downloaded project if you wish .
Similarly , openInDefaultBrowser : is just a URL , generated from the current location and sent to the shared NSWorkspace ( which we mock through category overrides ) so the test contains largely the same elements — so I 'll omit the code for this test too .
Again , check the downloaded project if you 're interested .
dealloc :
All that remains is to create tests for the dealloc method to ensure that the locationManager receives a stopUpdatingLocation and a release message .
- ( void ) testDealloc { id mockLocationManager = [ OCMockObject mockForClass :[ CLLocationManager class ] ] ; NSUInteger preRetainCount = [ mockLocationManager retainCount ] ; [ mockLocationManager retain ] ; object_setInstanceVariable ( windowController , " locationManager " , mockLocationManager ) ; [ [ mockLocation Manager expect ] stopUpdatingLocation ] ; [ windowController dealloc ] ; [ mockLocationManager verify ] ; NSUInteger postRetainCount = [ mockLocationManager retainCount ] ; STAssertEquals ( postRetainCount , preRetainCount , @ " Location manager not released " ) ; windowController = nil ; }
Notice that we have to set windowController to nil at the end .
This is because invoking dealloc on the windowController fixture has deallocated it and we need to ensure that the tearDown method does n't try to invoke release on it .
Six failing tests for the WhereIsMyMacWindowController .
You can look at the downloadable project to see the code added to pass these tests .
Conclusion
Download the complete WhereIsMyMac-WithUnitTests.zip ( 139 kb ) .
Warning : Custom executables ( like the UnitTestWhereIsMyMac discussed in this post ) are part of user data in the project file .
If you make changes that you want to share with someone else , you will need to rename the ( your username ) .
pbxuser file in the .xcodeproj bundle to default .
pbxuser ( so that it applies to all users ) .
This project includes OCMock .
framework , which is Copyright ( c ) 2004 -2009 by Mulle Kybernetik .
OCMock is covered by its own license ( contained in the OCMock.framework/Versions/A/Resources/License.txt file ) .
In this post , I created a Mac project , created unit tests for all required functionality ( plus two integration tests ) and ultimately added code to make the project pass those tests .
I 've shown the configuration required for unit testing targets in Xcode and the implementation of the tests themselves , which show how to isolate units of a program ( using mock objects and category overrides ) for properly decoupled unit testing .
Unit tests for all created code does not mean that the project is " fully tested " .
There are lots of aspects associated with integration , runtime and memory behaviors , user events and the behaviors of the Cocoa frameworks that are not covered by these tests .
Of course , this is the limit of " unit testing " for classes that operate in an application framework — to test these other aspects requires different kinds of tests .
Next week , I 'll be presenting the same post developed for the iPhone .
I apologize that this will result in two posts that almost the same but there are enough differences between the two that I could n't squeeze both into a reasonable sized post .
I also hope that by separating the posts , the result will be easier for dedicated Mac or iPhone programmers to follow .
Finally , a disclaimer : please do n't consider the existence of this post as a recommendation that you should necessarily write your applications with full unit tests .
It is important to look at the work involved and weigh the associated time costs and against your project 's need for unit level validation .
There are alternative approaches for maintaining code quality that have different associated costs and benefits which I hope to discuss and compare in a later post .
A commander in al Qaeda ’s military organization was among 17 Islamist extremists killed during today ’s strikes in the Taliban - controlled tribal agency of North Waziristan in Pakistan .
Zuhaib al Zahibi , a commander in al Qaeda ’s Shadow Army , or the Lashkar al Zil , was among seven Arab “ foreigners ” and nine Taliban fighters killed in one of two airstrikes in the Datta Khel region in North Waziristan , a senior US military intelligence official told The Long War Journal .
Two other Taliban fighters were also killed in an earlier , separate strike in the Datta Khel region .
Zahib and the six al Qaeda and nine Haqqani Network fighters were killed after a swarm of five or six unmanned strike aircraft , the Predator or its more lethal successor the Reaper , opened fire on a series of targets .
Ten Hellfire missiles were launched by the remotely piloted aircraft against a safe house , a cave , and a vehicle .
Zahibi was first reported killed by The Washington Post .
A Pakistani intelligence official described him as “ a well - known al Qaeda commander . ”
The strikes took place in a region where both the Haqqani Network and North Waziristan Taliban commander Hafiz Gul Bahadar have influence .
An intelligence official contacted by The Long War Journal said the Haqqani Network was providing safe haven to Zahibi and his Shadow Army cadre .
The Pakistani military and government have refused US pressure to move against the Haqqani Network and Bahadar .
Instead , the Pakistani military negotiated a ceasefire with Bahadar and his ally Mullah Nazir in South Waziristan that allows the military to move through their territories without being attacked as it operates against Hakeemullah Mehsud ’s Taliban faction in South Waziristan .
The Haqqanis , Bahadar , and Nazir all shelter al Qaeda leaders and operatives , and their forces operate against NATO and Afghan forces in Afghanistan .
Sirajuddin Haqqani , the military commander of the Haqqani Network , is close to al Qaeda and is thought to be a member of al Qaeda ’s military council .
• Al Qaeda Shadow
Army commander killed in US strike
Dec. 17 , 2009
• US strike kills 4 al Qaeda , 2 Taliban in South Waziristan
Dec. 10 , 2009
• US airstrike kills 3 in North Waziristan
Dec. 8 , 2009
• US airstrike kills 4 Taliban in North Waziristan
Nov. 18 , 2009
• US kills 4 in North Waziristan airstrike
Nov. 4 , 2009
• US airstrike targets al Qaeda in North Waziristan
Oct. 21 , 2009
• US kills 4 in strike on Haqqani Network in North Waziristan
Oct. 14 , 2009
• US strike kills Haqqani Network and foreign fighters in North Waziristan
Sept. 30 , 2009
• US aircraft strike in North and South Waziristan
Sept. 29 , 2009
• US airstrike targets Haqqani Network in North Waziristan
Sept. 24 , 2009
• Two al Qaeda leaders reported killed in North Waziristan strike
Sept. 14 , 2009
• 12 killed in second US strike in North Waziristan
Sept. 8 , 2009
• Senior al Qaeda leaders reported killed in North Waziristan strike
Sept. 7 , 2009
• US strikes Taliban compound in South Waziristan , 8 killed
Aug. 27 , 2009
• US Predators target the Haqqanis in North Waziristan
Aug. 20 , 2009
• US kills 14 in strike on Taliban training camp in South Waziristan
Aug. 11 , 2009
• Baitullah Mehsud ’s wife killed in Predator attack
Aug. 5 , 2009
• US Predator strikes in North Waziristan , kills 5
July 17 , 2009
• US strikes Taliban communications center in South Waziristan
July 10 , 2009
• US kills 25 Taliban in second Predator strike in South Waziristan
July 8 , 2009
• US Predator strike on Taliban camp kills 8 in South Waziristan
July 8 , 2009
• US Predator strike kills 14 Taliban in South Waziristan
July 7 , 2009
• 13 Taliban fighters killed in US airstrikes in Pakistan
July 3 , 2009
• Scores of Taliban killed in second US strike in South Waziristan
June 23 , 2009
• Six killed in US Predator attack in South Waziristan
June 23 , 2009
• US strikes target Mullah Nazir in South Waziristan
June 18 , 2009
• US kills 5 in South Waziristan strike
June 14 , 2009
• US strikes Taliban , al Qaeda in North Waziristan
May 16 , 2009
• US strikes again in South Waziristan
May 12 , 2009
• US strike targets Baitullah Mehsud territory in South Waziristan
May 9 , 2009
• US strike kills 10 Taliban in South Waziristan
April 29 , 2009
• US airstrike targets Taliban training camp in South Waziristan
April 19 , 2009
• US Predator kills four in South Waziristan strike
April 8 , 2009
• US strikes Haqqani Network in North Waziristan
April 4 , 2009
• US launches first strike in Arakzai tribal agency
April 1 , 2009
• Latest US strike targets al Qaeda safe house in North Waziristan
March 26 , 2009
• US airstrike kills 8 in Baitullah Mehsud ’s hometown
March 25 , 2009
• US launches second strike outside of Pakistan ’s tribal areas
March 15 , 2009
• US missile strike in Kurram agency kills 14
March 12 , 2009
• US airstrike kills 8 in South Waziristan
March 1 , 2009
• US airstrike in Pakistan ’s Kurram tribal agency kills 30
Feb. 16 , 2009
• US Predator strike in South Waziristan kills 25
Feb. 14 , 2009
• US strikes al Qaeda in North and South Waziristan
Jan. 23 , 2009
• US hits South Waziristan in second strike
Jan. 2 , 2009
• US kills 4 al Qaeda operatives in South Waziristan strike
Jan. 1 , 2009
For a summary of US strikes inside Pakistan in 2008 , see “ US strikes in 2 villages in South Waziristan ” .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Are you in the credit rewards game ??
We asked around and got some tips from savvy credit card gamers .
Check out how users have paid for vacations , their wedding and more below !
Have your own tips ??
Share them in the comments !
Gaming for the Jet Set Lifestyle
My boyfriend and I love to travel internationally .
We are able to do so through a strategic combination of saving , flight tracking , credit card points , and hotel points .
A careful combination of these strategies , enable you to save tremendously on your future vacations .
We ’ve included a couple of our recommendations below :
Saving
We use a combination of Mint.com and Qapital to track our spending habits and save for future trips .
Flight Tracking
The “ Discover Destinations ” feature of Google Flights : Allows you to view prices of upcoming flights world - wide !
Once you find your desired flight , you are able to select “ Track Prices ” and Google will email you when prices go up or down .
Hopper ( available on iOS or Android ) is another must - have .
Hopper uses an algorithm to accurately predict future flight prices .
Letting you know whether you should buy now or wait .
Credit Card Points
AMEX Platinum Card ( $ 550 Annual Fee ) 5X Points on Flight and Hotels .
$ 200 Airline Fee Credit .
$ 200 in Uber Credits .
Centurion Lounge and Priority Pass Lounge Network Access .
Global Entry or TSA PreCheck Fee Credit .
American Express Concierge .
No foreign transaction fees .
Rates and Fees
($ 550 Annual Fee ) Marriott Rewards Card ( $ 85 Annual Fee ) 5 points per dollar spent at Marriott Rewards or SPG hotels .
2 points per dollar spent on airline tickets , and on car rentals and restaurants .
1 point on all other purchases .
No foreign transaction fees .
( $ 85 Annual Fee ) Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature Card ( Prime Membership Required ) 5 % Cashback at Amazon.com ￼
2 % Cashback at Restaurants , Gas Stations , and Drugstores 1 % on all other purchases .
No foreign transaction fees .
( Prime Membership Required )
Hotel Points
We typically stay at Marriott properties to accrue points .
Now that Marriott has merged with Starwood , Marriott has a very large selection of hotels to choose from .
Whether you ’re visiting a small town or a world - class city .
Here ’s more from the social networks !
I use Discover and Chase Freedom for rotating 5 % CB , which can cover major stores like Walmart , Target , Amazon , or purchases like restaurants , movies , and groceries .
I keep an eye out on what each quarter ’s rewards are and only specifically use those cards on those stores during those times .
I use my CapitalOne Savor card for 2 % on groceries and 3 % on dining throughout the year when my Discover and Chase Freedom cards are n’t covering those at the higher 5 % .
Finally , I use my CapitalOne Quicksilver card at 1.5 % at all “ others . ”
I use the CB straight to credit card statement each month and make sure to always pay the cards back always in full .
Essentially I can say I have a permanent X % discount at any given store .
The credit cards are paying me to use them since there is never interest from my full payments .
— Brandon B , Mesa AZ
I generally use my cash back rewards card with a consistent rate for most expenses and then sometimes switch to a card with 5 % rotating rewards when the category is something I purchase a lot ( gasoline , Amazon , etc. ) .
I like the cash back better than miles / points because it ’s easier to flat out see what I ’ve earned and can be used on absolutely anything .
To maximize rewards , I also take advantage of referral programs with cards when my friends are looking for a new card and I have one I really like – the ones I have used give $ 50 - $ 100 per referral .
I transfer rewards right into my wedding savings account ❤️
It adds up faster than you ’d expect !
— Rachel M , Cedarville OH
I earn cash points for purchases made with my credit card .
The program allows me to select one category of purchase types to earn triple points on .
I have it set up to earn triple points for purchases at grocery stores .
My local grocery store has a separate “ fuel perks ” program where I can earn points toward free gasoline when I make purchases there .
So , I use my credit card to buy all sorts of gift cards from other retailers and restaurants at my local grocery store , where I earn the triple cash points on my credit card because I made the purchase in the grocery category .
At the same time , I earn the fuel perks with my local grocery store program because I made the purchases there .
I basically get triple cash points on more purchase types because I use my credit card to buy gift cards for other categories at the grocery store , AND I earn free tanks of gas for purchases outside the grocery store because I buy gift cards for those places in the grocery store .
— Bryan M , Columbus OH
I am a cashback freak , I always maximize my cashback by using right credit card for right category .
I have different credit cards like chase freedom and discover which gives 5 % cashback for rotating categories .
I have Citi and amex for 3 % caskback and for all other expenses i use the card with 1.5 % cashback as my fallback .
‘ TPG to Go ’ app tells me which card to use depending upon my location which is very handy .
At the end of the year take them out as a statemen credit .
I categorize them in mint app so i know How much i earned in calendar year .
Last year it was around $ 500 + in cashback which is a big help after expensive holiday month .
— Tejaswini L , San Jose CA
The Platinum Card® from American Express Rates and Fees
Related
Goldman Sachs bankers are n’t packing heat after all .
In a widely - circulated Bloomberg News commentary piece , columnist Alice Schroeder said that she was told New York - based Goldman bankers were loading up on fire arms and “ are now equipped to defend themselves if there is a populist uprising against the bank . ”
The ...
IT SEEMS BIOLOGY ( NOT RELIGION ) EQUALS MORALITY
For many , living a moral life is synonymous with living a religious life .
Just as educated students of mathematics , chemistry and politics know that 1=1 , water=H2O , and Barack Obama=US president , so , too , do religiously educated people know that religion=morality .
As simple and pleasing as this relationship may seem , it has at least three possible interpretations .
First , if religion represents the source of moral understanding , then those lacking a religious education are morally lost , adrift in a sea of sinful temptation .
Those with a religious education not only chart a steady course , guided by the cliched moral compass but they know why some actions are morally virtuous and others are morally abhorrent .
Second , perhaps everyone has a standard engine for working out what is morally right or wrong but those with a religious background have extra accessories that refine our actions , fuelling altruism and fending off harms to others .
Third , while religion certainly does provide moral inspiration , not all of its recommendations are morally laudatory .
Though we can all applaud those religions that teach compassion , forgiveness and genuine altruism , we can also express disgust and moral outrage at those religions that promote ethnic cleansing , often by praising those willing to commit suicide for the good of the religious " team " .
None of my comments so far are meant to be divisive with respect to the meaning and sense of community that many derive from religion .
Where I intend to be divisive is with respect to the argument that religion , and moral education more generally , represent the only — or perhaps even the ultimate — source of moral reasoning .
If anything , moral education is often motivated by self - interest , to do what 's best for those within a moral community , preaching singularity , not plurality .
Blame nurture , not nature , for our moral atrocities against humanity .
And blame educated partiality more generally , as this allows us to lump into one category all those who fail to acknowledge our shared humanity and fail to use secular reasoning to practise compassion .
If religion is not the source of our moral insights — and moral education has the demonstrated potential to teach partiality and , therefore , morally destructive behaviour — then what other sources of inspiration are on offer ?
One answer to this question is emerging from an unsuspected corner of academia : the mind sciences .
Recent discoveries suggest that all humans , young and old , male and female , conservative and liberal , living in Sydney , San Francisco and Seoul , growing up as atheists , Buddhists , Catholics and Jews , with high school , university or professional degrees , are endowed with a gift from nature , a biological code for living a moral life .
This code , a universal moral grammar , provides us with an unconscious suite of principles for judging what is morally right and wrong .
It is an impartial , rational and unemotional capacity .
It does n't dictate who we should help or who we are licensed to harm .
Rather , it provides an abstract set of rules for how to intuitively understand when helping another is obligatory and when harming another is forbidden .
And it does so dispassionately and impartially .
What 's the evidence ?
To experience what subjects in some of our studies experience , see the moral sense test .
It asks for information about gender , age , nationality , education , politics and religion .
Once logged in , there is a series of scenarios asking participants to judge whether a particular action is morally forbidden , permissible or obligatory .
Most of the scenarios involve genuine moral dilemmas .
All are unfamiliar , for a reason .
Unfamiliar and artificial cases have an advantage over familiar scenarios , such as abortion , euthanasia and charitable donations : no one has a well - rehearsed and explicit moral argument for such cases , and for all the cases we create , neither the law nor religious scripture provides any guidance .
For example , if five people in a hospital each require an organ to survive , is it permissible for a doctor to take the organs of a healthy person who happens to walk by the hospital ?
Or if a lethal gas has leaked into the vent of a factory and is headed towards a room with seven people , is it permissible to push someone into the vent , preventing the gas from reaching the seven but killing the one ?
These are true moral dilemmas — challenging problems that push on our intuitions as lay jurists , forcing us to wrestle with the opposing forces of consequences ( saving the lives of many ) and rules ( killing is wrong ) .
Based on the responses of thousands of participants to more than 100 dilemmas , we find no difference between men and women , young and old , theistic believers and non-believers , liberals and conservatives .
When it comes to judging unfamiliar moral scenarios , your cultural background is virtually irrelevant .
What guides your judgments is the universal and unconscious voice of our species , a biological code , a universal moral grammar .
We tend to see actions as worse than omissions of actions : pushing a person into the factory vent is worse than allowing the person to fall in .
Using someone as a means to some greater good is worse if you make this one person worse off than if you do n't .
This is the difference between an evitable and inevitable harm .
If the person in the hospital or in the factory is perfectly healthy , taking his life to save the lives of many is worse than if he is dying and there is no cure .
Distinctions such as these are abstract , impartial and emotionally cold .
They are like recognising the identity relationship of 1=1 , a rule that is abstract and content - free .
If this code is universal and impartial , then why are there are so many moral atrocities in the world ?
The answer comes from thinking about our emotions , the feelings we recruit to fuel in - group favouritism , out - group hatred and , ultimately , dehumanisation .
Consider the psychopath , Hollywood 's favourite moral monster .
Clinical studies reveal that they feel no remorse , shame , guilt or empathy , and lack the tools for self - control .
Because they lacked these capacities , several experts have argued that they lack the wherewithal to understand what is right or wrong and , consequently , to do the wrong thing .
New studies show , however , that this conclusion is at least partially wrong .
Psychopaths know full well what is right and wrong but do n't care .
Their moral knowledge is intact but their moral emotions are damaged .
They are perfectly normal jurists but perfectly abnormal moral actors .
For the psychopath , other humans are no different from rocks or artefacts .
They are disposable .
Here lies the answer to understanding the dangers of nurture , of education and partiality .
When we fuel in - group biases by elevating and praising members of the group , we often unconsciously , and sometimes consciously , denigrate the " other " by feeding the most nefarious of all emotions , the dragon of disgust .
We label the other ( the members of the out - group ) with a description that makes them sub- human or even inanimate , often parasitic and vile , and thus disgusting .
When disgust is recruited , those in the in - group have only one way out : purge the other .
When the Dalai Lama stated that the Chinese were attempting " cultural genocide " against the Tibetans by attempting to stop protests , he was not only making a statement about the Chinese per se but about a particular form of moral education , one that fails to acknowledge autonomy , preaches partiality and feeds disgust and dehumanisation .
The Chinese must stop their attempt to purge the Tibetans of their cultural heritage and right of cultural expression .
And the nations of the world , and their diverse peoples , must remain vigilant against any attempts at cultural decimation .
The good news about the psychology of prejudice , of creating distinctive classes of individuals who are in the tribe and outside of it , is that it is flexible , capable of change and — viewed from an evolutionary perspective — as abstract and content - free as the rules that enter into our moral grammar .
All animals , humans included , have evolved the capacity to create a distinction between members of the in - group and those in the out - group .
But the features that are selected are not set in the genome .
Rather , it is open to experience .
For example , we know from studies of child development that within the first year of life , babies prefer to look at faces from their own race to faces of a different race , prefer to listen to speakers of their native language over foreigners , and even within their native language prefer to listen to their own dialect .
But if babies watch someone of another race speaking their native language , they are much more willing to engage with this person than someone of the same race speaking a different language .
These social categories are created by experience , and some features are more important than others because they are harder to fake and more indicative of a shared cultural background .
But , importantly , they are plastic .
Racial discrimination is greatly reduced among children of mixed - racial parents .
And adults who have dated individuals of another race are also much less prejudiced .
On this note , moral education can play a more nurturing role by introducing all children , early in life , to the varieties of religions , political systems , languages , social organisations and races .
Exposure to diversity is perhaps our best option for reducing , if not eradicating , strong out - group biases .
Lest there be any confusion about the claims I am making , I am not saying that our evolved capacity to intuitively judge what is right or wrong is sufficient to live a moral life .
It is most definitely not and for two good reasons .
For one , some of our moral instincts evolved during a period of human history that looked nothing like the situation today .
In our distant past , we lived in small groups consisting of highly familiar and often familial individuals , with no formal laws .
Today we live in a large and diffuse society , where our decisions have little - to - no impact on most people in our community but with laws to enforce those who deviate from expected norms .
Further , we are confronted with moral decisions that are unfamiliar , including stem cells , abortion , organ transplants and life support .
When we confront these novel situations , our evolved system is ill - equipped .
The second reason is that living a moral life requires us to be restless with our present moral norms , always challenging us to discover what might and ought to be .
And here is where nurture can re-enter the conversation .
We need education because we need a world in which people listen to the universal voice of their species , while stopping to wonder whether there are alternatives .
And if there are alternatives , we need rational and reasonable people who will be vigilant of partiality and champions of plurality .
School officials have suspended a 10 - year - old girl in New York for bringing peppermint oil to the John Mandracchia - Sawmill Intermediate School and giving drops to her fifth grade friends to flavor their water .
The Commack School District insists that the oil “ is an unregulated over - the - counter drug . ”
The peppermint - laden drug dealer is Sara Morton - Greiner .
She was suspended for one day .
Now many would argue that this could have been handled as an innocent mistake and the girl given a reprimand and letter for her parents .
But peppermint oil has long been recognized as a gateway flavor to Spearmint for “ Mento - heads . ”
Their sweet smelling breath is an well - known indicator of an underground mint - based drug economy at schools .
When Sara is clean and her breath is stale , she can resume her education .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
There 's only one charitybottle.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
Just over a month ago , Facebook rolled out a new homepage redesign .
Now it looks like the social network is n't completely satisfied with the results , as it's now testing yet another homepage redesign .
We do n't know when the new design will launch yet , but we have analyzed several screenshots of the new Facebook that were sent to us .
While most of the changes are minor , there are a few that really stand out and reveal Facebook 's strategy and future direction .
Here are our top five observations about the upcoming Facebook homepage redesign , along with screenshots :
Changes to Facebook 's Redesign
1 . All of the notifications have been moved to the top left .
Notifications , requests , and inbox are prominently displayed next to the Facebook logo .
Chat remains on the bottom , however .
2. Search is far more important in this redesign .
As my fellow usability experts can attest , placing the search box in the middle of the page instead of the right hand side increases the number of searches users make .
Facebook wants to focus on its real - time search engine as it prepares to compete with Twitter .
3 . Your profile picture and status appears on the homepage .
If you look on the current homepage design , you 'll find the updates of all of your friends , but yours is n't constantly there , reminding you to update your old , outdated status .
This is a problem Facebook has needed to fix for a while .
Now it 's addressed with a new section at the top left of the homepage with your face and your most recent status update , along with a prompt to update your status .
4 . There 's a new border around the main content .
It separates your left - hand navigation and notifications from your Facebook news feed .
5 . The ability to see your inbox from the homepage .
We want to stress how important this change is to the new Facebook design .
It gives you direct access to your most recent messages without leaving the homepage , which should increase engagement .
Facebook 's Goals
Facebook has n't changed all that much with the design .
To us , it 's more like a tweak to help improve engagement numbers that have probably been lagging .
The reemphasis seems to surround search , the inbox , responding to notifications , and status updates .
Moving the search box is a very smart move as the company looks to make search a core experience , like it is currently with Twitter .
Being able to view the inbox from the homepage should also spur more messages .
Finally , prompting users to update their status , something present in older iterations of the Facebook homepage , will likely increase the amount of content users generate .
We 're going to investigate this design and find out when it launches .
In the meantime , let us know what you think of the new Facebook in the comments .
Thanks Matt Schlicht for the tip !
Introduction
Thanks to paint that dries into a chalkboard finish , your board can be whatever size you desire and placed wherever you like .
Store - bought formulas come in traditional green and black .
But you can also follow our recipe to mix your own batch in any shade .
Cleverly applied chalkboard paint means new places to track appointments , keep lists , and leave messages .
Or simply use the surface to draw or doodle , which will appeal to kids and the kid in everyone .
Use chalkboard paint for anything from a DIY menu to decorating a child 's wall .
Popular Irish internet forum Boards.ie has reported an attack on its user database which could affect thousands of users .
In a statement on its website , it confirmed that ' an unauthorised source ' from outside Ireland accessed its database server this morning .
' Part of the database which includes our members ’ usernames , email addresses and obfuscated passwords was accessed .
Boards.ie has asked all members who use the same username / email and password on other sites to change passwords as a precaution .
' Like all large sites we are regularly the target for disruption and take continual actions to proactively protect your data , ' the statement said .
' This particular attack was completely unprecedented despite our rigorous security measures and while we have no idea if this data will be used for any malicious reasons , we felt it vital to tell you this immediately . '
Boards .ie says it is changing all user passwords and has notified gardaí .
The Data Protection Commissioner Billy Hawkes has said today 's attack on boards .ie should be taken as a warning to internet users to create different passwords for different websites .
Mr Hawkes said his office would be investigating the security breach but he praised the company for pulling the website immediately and alerting its members .
Israel has admitted pathologists harvested organs from dead Palestinians , and others , without the consent of their families – a practice it said ended in the 1990s – it emerged at the weekend .
The admission , by the former head of the country 's forensic institute , followed a furious row prompted by a Swedish newspaper reporting that Israel was killing Palestinians in order to use their organs – a charge that Israel denied and called " antisemitic " .
The revelation , in a television documentary , is likely to generate anger in the Arab and Muslim world and reinforce sinister stereotypes of Israel and its attitude to Palestinians .
Iran 's state - run Press TV tonight reported the story , illustrated with photographs of dead or badly injured Palestinians .
Ahmed Tibi , an Israeli Arab MP , said the report incriminated the Israeli army .
The story emerged in an interview with Dr Yehuda Hiss , former head of the Abu Kabir forensic institute near Tel Aviv .
The interview was conducted in 2000 by an American academic who released it because of the row between Israel and Sweden over a report in the Stockholm newspaper Aftonbladet .
Channel 2 TV reported that in the 1990s , specialists at Abu Kabir harvested skin , corneas , heart valves and bones from the bodies of Israeli soldiers , Israeli citizens , Palestinians and foreign workers , often without permission from relatives .
The Israeli military confirmed to the programme that the practice took place , but added : " This activity ended a decade ago and does not happen any longer . "
Hiss said : " We started to harvest corneas ... whatever was done was highly informal .
No permission was asked from the family . "
However , there was no evidence that Israel had killed Palestinians to take their organs , as the Swedish paper reported .
Aftonbladet quoted Palestinians as saying young men from the West Bank and Gaza Strip had been seized by the Israeli forces and their bodies returned to their families with missing organs .
The interview with Hiss was released by Nancy Scheper - Hughes , professor of anthropology at the University of California - Berkeley who had conducted a study of Abu Kabir .
She was quoted by the Associated Press as saying that while Palestinians were " by a long shot " not the only ones affected , she felt the interview must be made public , because " the symbolism , you know , of taking skin of the population considered to be the enemy , [ is ] something , just in terms of its symbolic weight , that has to be reconsidered . "
Israel demanded that Sweden condemn the Aftonbladet article , calling it an antisemitic " blood libel " .
Stockholm refused , saying that to so would violate freedom of speech in the country .
The foreign minister then cancelled a visit to Israel , just as Sweden was taking over the EU 's rotating presidency .
Hiss was removed from his post in 2004 , when some details about organ harvesting were first reported , but he still works at the forensic institute .
Israel 's health ministry said all harvesting was now done with permission .
" The guidelines at that time were not clear , " it said in a statement to Channel 2 .
" For the last 10 years , Abu Kabir has been working according to ethics and Jewish law . "
• This article was amended on 21 December 2009 .
The headline was changed as it did not reflect accurately the contents of the story .
Nancy Scheper - Hughes 's name was misspelled as Nancy Sheppard - Hughes in the original text .
A few hours ago , I made a post about the Houston Chronicle 's investigation into the practice of local charities , including the Salvation Army , requiring proof of immigration status before giving toys to children .
The Salvation Army has written to me to clarify that their checking of social security numbers and other ID is intended to " verify that individuals and
families are not registering more than once at multiple Salvation Army
facilities and to ensure people actually have the number of children they
claim . "
Jennifer Byrd sez , " As The Salvation Army 's National Public Relations Director , I wanted to
inform you that the original Houston Chronicle story was a bit misleading
in how it portrayed the use of social security numbers and ID by The
Salvation Army in Houston to register people in need .
In actuality , no
program run by The Salvation Army at a national or local level requires the
recipient of services to present documentation that verifies they are a
U.S. citizen . "
From the Houston Chronicle 's followup story :
Flanagan and Salvation Army spokesman Juan Alanis spoke up Tuesday after a story in the Chronicle noted that both groups require birth certificates , Social Security numbers or other documents indicating immigration status .
They said it 's not their intent to discriminate .
Alanis acknowledged that families cannot register for the Angel Tree program , which allows children to request specific gifts , unless one member of the family can present a Social Security number .
" It is not because we seek to discriminate .
The Salvation Army is not in the business of verifying legal status , " he said .
" We have to be good stewards .
If we let people register without checking , that could be abused . "
Alanis said the agency uses Social Security numbers , rather than some other type of identifier , because " that 's just the way we 've found to verify it at this point .
If other agencies do something different , we'd be interested in finding that out . "
Charities say they do n't intend to discriminate
( Thanks , Jennifer ! )
Before you give any money to the Salvation Army this year , remember , they run a program where kids are only given toys if they can present a valid birth certification or immigration papers , so that the children of illegal immigrants are punished for their parents ' deeds .
At Christmas .
While other kids are given toys .
That your donation paid for .
In a year when more families than ever have asked for help , several programs providing Christmas gifts for needy children require at least one member of the household to be a U.S. citizen .
Others ask for proof of income or rely on churches and schools to suggest recipients .
The Salvation Army and a charity affiliated with the Houston Fire Department are among those that consider immigration status , asking for birth certificates or Social Security cards for the children …
The Outreach Program requires parents to show photo identification and birth certificates or Social Security cards for the children .
Young said she makes an exception if parents can show they have applied for legal status or that a child is enrolled in school .
As Patrick sez , " Evidently , I missed the part of the New Testament where Jesus instructs his followers to check people 's immigration status before rendering charity to them . "
Some toy drives check immigration status
( via Making Light )
( Image : Salvation Army , a Creative Commons Attribution photo from zieak 's photostream )
Hail the mother of sustainability !
Let me give thee a new offering !
I hope you accept this humble submission of a wind - up mouse .
Much like those cute toys that McDonalds doles out , at the expense of a Happy Meal !
Only this one aptly christened Sustail , and it works in sync with a computer and keyboard .
Wind the mouse with the key kept in its underbelly .
Keep winding till you hear a distinct feedback of full charge … and then sussstaaillll …..
Designer : Ahmet Bektes
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 107 Shares
New scientific discoveries are moving society toward the era of " personalized solar energy , " in which the focus of electricity production shifts from huge central generating stations to individuals in their own homes and communities .
That 's the topic of a report by an international expert on solar energy scheduled for the November 2 issue of ACS ' Inorganic Chemistry , a bi-weekly journal .
It describes a long - awaited , inexpensive method for solar energy storage that could help power homes and plug - in cars in the future while helping keep the environment clean .
Daniel Nocera explains that the global energy need will double by mid-century and triple by 2100 due to rising standards of living world population growth .
Personalized solar energy -- the capture and storage of solar energy at the individual or home level -- could meet that demand in a sustainable way , especially in poorer areas of the world .
The report describes development of a practical , inexpensive storage system for achieving personalized solar energy .
At its heart is an innovative catalyst that splits water molecules into oxygen and hydrogen that become fuel for producing electricity in a fuel cell .
The new oxygen - evolving catalyst works like photosynthesis , the method plants use to make energy , producing clean energy from sunlight and water .
" Because energy use scales with wealth , point - of - use solar energy will put individuals , in the smallest village in the nonlegacy world and in the largest city of the legacy world , on a more level playing field , " the report states .
The head of the Orchid Office apparently thought he needed a little extra emphasis to make his point .
The place was somewhere in Iran , shortly after Jan. 14 , 2004 .
The occasion was a status report on activities of the Orchid Office – also known as " Project 111 , " Iran 's effort to take a missile nose cone and outfit it with something that looks very much like a nuclear bomb .
The heart of the report was an update on such technical tasks as the development of a nose cone chamber of proper size .
But the Orchid Office chief may have wanted to convey what he felt to be the historical importance of Iran 's weapon activity .
So he headed the first slide of his presentation with a motto , written in Farsi : " Fate changes no man unless he changes fate . "
Fifty years after the shah first began to pursue nuclear energy technology , Iran 's leaders may now be trying to change their nation 's fate via acquisition of the most powerful weapons known to man .
Remember the " may . "
Tehran denies that it wants nuclear weapons , and says it is only interested in peaceful uses of nuclear energy .
The account of the Orchid Office report came from intelligence acquired by the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency .
That and other information in IAEA hands indicating weaponization activities is fake , says Iran .
Iran 's leaders may be split on the issue .
It 's possible – even probable – that they have n't yet decided whether to take the final step and actually produce a bomb .
But US officials are proceeding on the assumption that Iran wants nuclear weapons .
They say that Tehran has hidden too much about its activities for them to think otherwise – and that today 's Iranian leadership may see nukes as a prize capable of raising their nation to the world 's top ranks .
There 's a " widespread belief among experts that Iran 's governing fractions perceive a nuclear weapons capability as a means of ending Iran 's perceived historic vulnerability to invasion and domination by great powers , and as a symbol of Iran as a major nation , " concludes Kenneth Katzman , a Middle East specialist at the Congressional Research Service , in a new report on Iran and US policy .
HOW DID IRAN REACH THIS POINT ?
The answer is more complicated than a quick glance at today 's headlines might suggest .
For one thing , Iran 's nuclear efforts did not begin recently .
They date back decades .
" Over the course of 50 years , perhaps the Iranian program could be described as ' fits and starts , ' " says Sharon Squassoni , a senior associate in the nonproliferation program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
Ironically , the United States was Iran 's first major supplier of nuclear technology .
Washington signed a nuclear cooperation agreement with the shah – a staunch American ally – in 1957 , under President Eisenhower 's " Atoms for Peace " program .
Construction of a US - supplied research reactor began in the Tehran suburbs in 1960 and went critical , with US - supplied highly enriched uranium as fuel , in 1967 .
But the shah wanted more than a nuclear toy .
He had grandiose plans for a network of 23 nuclear power reactors by the 1990s , with much of the equipment purchased from US suppliers .
And as recently declassified documents make clear , the course of nuclear negotiations between the shah and an array of US officials was far from smooth .
US worries were like those of today : Officials thought it possible that Iran would build on nuclear power programs to develop weapons technology .
A secret 1974 Defense Department memo , declassified and posted online by the National Security Archive , noted that stability in Iran depended heavily on the shah 's personality .
" An aggressive successor to the Shah might consider nuclear weapons the final item needed to establish Iran 's complete military dominance of the region , " noted the memo .
The shah became increasingly irritated as a series of US presidents objected to his desire to reprocess spent reactor fuel on Iranian soil .
He viewed this as a national right granted him under the Non-Proliferation Treaty , which Iran had signed in 1968 .
" He had a nationalist perspective that had some parallels with [ Iran 's position ] today , " says Dr. William Burr , director of nuclear history documentation at the National Security Archive .
The two sides squabbled for years over how much control the US would retain over Iran 's nuclear efforts .
American officials did n't really think the shah wanted nuclear weapons , at least right away .
But they worried he wanted to preserve that option .
When US scientists toured the site of Iran 's planned Esfehan Nuclear Technology Center , they noticed that it was unusually large .
Seven miles east of a population center , located between two mountains , the site was geographically reminiscent of a US facility .
" One member of the ... team commented on the similarity of this location to the US Sandia Weapons Laboratory location , " noted a cable from the US Embassy back to Washington .
In the late 1970s , the two nations finally struck a deal .
Iran would get nuclear technology , but the US would control when and where any reprocessing of fissile material would take place .
And then came the revolution .
Protests and pro-cleric guerrillas forced the shah from power in February 1979 .
The nuclear deal with the US died .
For 10 years , Iran 's nuclear program remained on hold , as Ayatollah Khomeini established a Shiite theocracy and then fought the bitter Iran - Iraq War .
YEARS LATER , THE NOTORIOUS nuclear technology smuggler A.Q. Khan boasted about how he and his contacts helped Iran 's nuclear program revive .
Mr. Khan is a Pakistani scientist who worked at European uranium enrichment facilities .
By the late 1980s , he 'd returned home and set himself up as a kind of Nuke - Mart – the closest thing to a one - stop shop for clandestine nuclear needs .
Around that time , Mr. Khan was approached by Iranian representatives interested in purchasing some nuclear items .
He was happy to help .
" If Iran succeeds in acquiring nuclear technology , we will be a strong bloc in the region to counter international pressure , " Khan told a Pakistani broadcast journalist in August , according to a transcript from the US director of national intelligence 's Open Source Center .
" Iran 's nuclear capability will neutralize Israel 's power . "
Khan said he sent the Iranians to Muslim suppliers in Sri Lanka who did business out of Dubai .
But many experts believe Khan himself provided Iran with uranium - enriching centrifuge technology .
" Iran obtained its centrifuge designs and initial lot of material from A.Q. Khan , " says Jacqueline Shire , a senior analyst at the Institute for Science and International Security .
Thus began the bob-and - weave period of Iranian nuclear development .
While US pressure managed to stop some technology transfer – such as a deal with Russia for laser enrichment technology – Iran 's illicit procurement network provided a stream of acquisitions .
Typical were the efforts of Mohsen Vanaki , a German - Iranian trader recently found guilty by a German court of brokering the illegal sale of high - speed cameras and radiation detectors for the Iranian nuclear weapons program .
Mr. Vanaki dealt with a Tehran - based front company named Kimya Pakhsh Sharg , according to German court documents reviewed by the Institute for Science and International Security .
Vanaki bought the devices from a Moscow - based manufacturer , Bifo Company , falsely naming a Middle East university as the end user .
Vanaki was stopped after he was caught trying to buy Swiss - made night vision goggles .
But his sentence , imposed in September , was relatively light : 22 months , suspended , and a Є5,000 fine .
Prosecutors are appealing , asking that Vanaki spend three years in jail .
In the end , the case may show how hard it is to stop the flow of illicit technology .
" A determined smuggler can often evade detection for years , " concludes an ISIS report on the subject .
" If caught , prosecution is difficult . "
UNDER THE SHAH , Iran developed a base of nuclear facilities .
After a fallow period of 10 years , Iran 's current leadership has finished some of the projects started under his regime – notably the Bushehr light - water reactor – and developed its own extensive network of nuclear sites , via procurement both legal , and not .
That is where we are today .
Iran has a large enrichment plant at Natanz , with perhaps 5,000 operable centrifuges , piling up about 2.75 kilograms of low - enriched uranium daily .
It has another site for centrifuges , recently revealed , near Qom .
According to the IAEA , Iran now has a stockpile of about 1,600 kilograms of low - enriched fissile material .
If they wanted , Iranian leaders could feed that stuff back through the centrifuges , and , in relatively short order , they would have enough highly enriched uranium to make a bomb .
What are Iran 's intentions ?
Tehran 's past deceptions , including withholding information from the IAEA , lead many in the West to conclude that Iran wants to at least develop the ability to produce weapons .
But that is not the same as having a bomb .
No matter how much fissile material a nation has , or how many Project 111 - like studies it has run , the construction of nuclear weapons takes time .
" Building nuclear weapons is not like assembling furniture at IKEA , " said Greg Thielmann , a senior analyst at the Arms Control Association , at an October seminar on Iran 's capabilities .
" It is both an art and a science .
There is no evidence Iran has completed this work yet and little reason to believe it could do so quickly . " •
Who are the US hikers ?
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called on Tehran to free three US citizens who crossed into Iran while hiking in Iraq .
She was speaking after Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said the three would stand trial , although he did not specify on which charges .
Mrs Clinton said that any charges would be unfounded .
Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Josh Fattal were detained in July and have been accused of illegal entry .
Iranian officials have also previously alleged the trio were spying .
Their families say they strayed across the border accidentally .
Mrs Clinton said : " We appeal to the Iranian leadership to release these three young people and free them as soon as possible .
" We consider this a totally unfounded charge .
There is no basis for it ...
They were out hiking and unfortunately , apparently , allegedly walked across an unmarked boundary . "
' Deliberate provocation '
Mr Mottaki earlier told a news conference that " interrogation of the three Americans who have illegally entered Iran with suspicious aims is ongoing " .
" They will be put on trial by the judiciary and rulings will be made , " he said in comments broadcast on state television .
HIGH PROFILE DETENTIONS 25 November : Five Britons arrested after their racing yacht strays into Iranian waters .
Freed a week later .
Jan 09 : US - Iranian journalist Roxana Saberi arrested for buying a bottle of wine .
Jailed for spying in April , but released a month later after an appeal .
23 March 07 : 15 Royal
Navy personnel seized by Iranian warships after searching a cargo boat in the Gulf .
Held for nearly two weeks .
The three Americans were seized by Iranian border guards on 31 July near the town of Marivan , and are being held in Tehran 's Evin prison .
Swiss diplomats - who represent US interests in Iran , with whom the US has no formal diplomatic relations - were allowed to meet the trio in late September for the first time since their arrest .
Their families say the spying allegations are " entirely at odds with the people Shane , Sarah and Josh are and with anything that Iran can have learned about them since they were detained " .
The BBC's Tehran correspondent , Jon Leyne , in London , says Iran 's latest move could be seen by Washington as a deliberate provocation .
The three hikers are all friends who attended the prestigious University of California , Berkeley .
Shane Bauer , 27 , is a freelance journalist and photographer , who specialises in reporting on the Middle East and the Darfur region of Sudan .
He lives in Damascus with Sarah Shourd , 31 , a teacher and writer .
Josh Fattal , 27 , an environmentalist and teacher , had travelled to Damascus in the summer to join them for the hiking holiday .
He reportedly posted a Facebook entry on 17 July , saying that he was in the Middle East and planning a trip to Kurdistan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was sitting in my hotel room in Macau , when a newsflash came across the television about catastrophic flooding in the Philippines .
Provinces outside Manila had been ravaged by another typhoon –the third in the last month–causing a number of low - lying areas to be inundated with water .
A waterborne illness called leptospirosis was also ravaging the affected areas .
I wanted to see how people coped in a world overrun by water , so I booked a ticket the next day .
I flew into Manila and reserved a hotel room in Quezon City to situate myself closer to the flooded provinces .
I arrived at dark by bus .
It was a confounding place to be dropped off after a long day of travel .
The streets were teeming with people and bright silver jeeps ( called Jeepneys ) , which were spray - painted with exotic designs and blared music .
This was public transport , I was told .
My hotel was close to the bus station , but to reach it I needed to climb an elevated footbridge that hung over the crowded avenue .
The steps were dark , and at the top I almost slammed into a legless man who was sitting in the middle of the walkway .
His head was hung downward , his eyes facing the ground .
His right arm was outstretched and held a paper cup full of change and I dropped a coin in it –though , when it plinked against the others , he did n’t budge .
A blind man was playing a muddy , yet surprisingly sound version of Eric Clapton ’s Layla a few feet down , with a sign hung around his neck describing his plight .
I weaved around him , bypassed a beckoning prostitute and hustled down the stairs of the footbridge and into my adjacent hotel .
The next morning , I met with the OXFAM relief team that was working in the Rizal provinces , where most of the flooding had taken place .
The first storm , they informed me , had been Ketsana , and it had caused most of the damage .
The flood refugees numbered in the thousands .
They had been evacuated to a number of shelters , but in the following storms , many of those shelters had been flooded as well .
The cause of the flood was n’t just nature ; but man , too .
Most of the victims were squatters who had settled in areas on the border of various tributaries .
Their refuse had gradually clogged water passages , preventing the flood waters from draining properly .
I went to Rizal Province later that day and saw the flooded neighborhoods with my own eyes .
The streets had become canals , and taxi drivers congregated in a circle offering a number of homemade skiffs for transportation .
The main evacuation center was a hub of activity , but had taken on approximately a foot of water , which residents splashed through .
I hired one of the boatmen and proceeded through the neighborhood .
It was mostly deserted –the water neck - deep in some spots–but I did spy one couple napping on top of their home .
They had managed to set up a pair of functioning speakers , and Michael Jackson ballads drifted through the air .
Many of the other residents shared a surprisingly jovial attitude–especially the children , who swam playfully in the disease - ridden water .
One of the converted evacuation centers was a Presbyterian church , run by Korean native Armando Guiraldo .
Guiraldo told me the church was housing approximately 50 families .
“ We are sad because our homes were destroyed , but we are happy because we have so much community relief , ” he said , adding that he still holds church service every Sunday .
Relief workers noted that the neighborhood had extremely strong communal ties and the cohesiveness was partly responsible for the high spirits , but even they expressed surprise at the peaceful and positive attitude of residents .
Inside Guiraldo ’s church , children giggled and played soccer , while mother ’s hung laundry and prepared food .
There was no vibration of panic , none of the wild fear one would expect to accompany the destruction of homes .
People had simply made an adjustment–as radical as it may sound –from living on dry to land to living in a flood zone .
Even the stray dogs , who sunned themselves on narrow planks of wood , looked perfectly at home .
For more images of flooded areas in the Philippines , check out the photo gallery .
Anyone who 's a regular Google search user will know that the only way to avoid the company tracking your online activities is to log out of Gmail or whatever Google account you use .
Not any more .
As of last Friday , even searchers who are n't logged into Google in any way have their data tracked in the name of providing a ' better service ' .
Anonymous cookie
The company explained : " What we 're doing today is expanding Personalized Search so that we can provide it to signed - out users as well .
This addition enables us to customise search results for you based upon 180 days of search activity linked to an anonymous cookie in your browser . "
However , if you 've previously been a fan of the log - out method to avoid being tracked , there 's still the option to disable the cookie by clicking a link at the top right of a search results page .
Fewer people use fewer resources —
The means whereby we can preserve both our natural resources , and more generally our environment , have become increasingly popular points of conversation over the past couple of decades — and for a variety of very good reasons .
Energy dependence is at least partly responsible for dragging the west into conflicts with other cultures and political groups .
There is significant evidence that the burning of fossil fuels is degrading parts of the atmosphere responsible for keeping solar radiation off our tender heads , not to mention the your sundry icecaps .
There are a lot fewer fish in the sea than there used to be , and a lot more trash — also markedly fewer right whales .
It ’s certainly worth noting that not only the extinction of individual species , but the consequent disruption of the ecosystems in which they previously thrived , at the hands of human hunters has historical precedent ; for instance , the Maori hunting of New Zealand ’s large flightless birds led to the extinction of both the moas and the Haast ’s eagles that hunted moas as a primary food source .
As a more general observation : many of the planet ’s resources are finite ; if we use them without regard for this simple fact , we will run out of them , resulting in a very difficult life on a very ugly world .
So , I ’m certainly in favor of a more sustainable way of life for our peculiar species .
What confounds me , and perhaps I ’ve just been talking with and listening to the wrong people at the wrong time , is that I ’ve never heard a single other person bring up population growth as an issue to be addressed in the development of sustainable living .
In fact , just a few weeks ago President Obama reminded me via Hulu that being a good father is the most important job in a man ’s life ( bad luck if you ’re sterile — I suppose you ’ll have to find something trivial like practicing medicine or engineering highways to fill your day … but I digress ) .
Certainly , it ’s come up that there ’s a whole lot of humanity out there , and they ca n’t all consume resources like we do in the United States , or we ’d be in serious and relatively immediate danger of running out .
It ’s pretty rare for someone to suggest , though , that maybe we should try making fewer babies .
I ’ll suggest it .
Maybe we should try making fewer babies ; it ’s something to consider .
Presumably if we had a much smaller population , it would not only result in a cheerier mother earth , but also allow us to retain a reasonably high standard of living in the doing .
What I intend in the following text is to explicate and evaluate a few reasons why we might not take this as our primary route to sustainability .
Babies are nice —
Humans are fairly well hard - wired to breed , as far as I can tell empirically .
People like making babies and they like raising children , or at minimum they usually think that they are going to like raising children .
Humans ( and bacteria ) who were n’t all that interested in extending their family trees just were n’t very successful at passing on that trait .
The family structure is also a part of our culture : one marries and produces the most charming , best looking and smartest children , and puts bumper stickers about it on one ’s car .
If that ’s not a big part of your life - plan , you tend to be looked at a little askance , just a little .
Seeing as it ’s difficult enough to cajole people into turning off lights when they ’re not in the room , or driving cars that do n’t burn as much fuel as a Learjet , or lifting up the toilette seat at the appropriate times , it ’s probably going to be no easy task to get them not to go forth and multiply , even if they agree in principle that restraint would be a swell idea .
Of course , by producing a few ( or several ) offspring , they ’re deceasing the chances that any of their numerous descendents have of living in a particularly desirable world , which might be worth mentioning to them .
I look at it this way : in most circumstances in our society , it takes two individuals to make a baby , and these two persons are usually a couple ( at least if their goal is to make the baby ) .
I mean this purely descriptively , and there are significant exceptions , but I ’m concerned with this most usual scenario since it presently describes the vast majority of instances that I am trying to address .
Now , if each couple had one baby , the world ’s human population would gradually decrease , each generation being half the size of the previous .
If each couple produced two offspring , the population would remain stable .
More than two babies , and population grows at an exponential rate — say if each couple has three children : each generation is 1.5 x the size of the previous .
So , no one ’s saying you ca n’t have a child of your own in order to fulfill your evolutionarily induced desire to see the genetic combination of yourself and your mate grow into an adult person .
Heck , if the global population seems to be at a good place , go ahead and have two .
Perhaps the number of siblings one has effects one ’s development ?
Well , if you think that children should come in packages of three for their own benefit , make one baby and adopt two .
It might not be an ideal fulfillment of the desire for a full family , but it is probably more amenable to most than simply raising fewer children than they want , and certainly better than running out of key natural resources .
“ Standard of living ” is capitalist pig code talk —
That is to say , there might be something , or any number of things , seriously wrong with the way we live our lives in contemporary society ; if we “ lowered ” our standard of living to one less focused on buying things we do n’t need and that do n’t make us happy we would solve a lot of our problems that way .
Any plan to save the environment while maintaining a lifestyle of consumerist “ plenty ” is corrupt to begin with .
I ’m not unsympathetic to a softer version of this argument .
Riding around on the Boston underground for the past few months , I ’ve come to the ( informal ) conclusion that people do n’t look very happy .
Many , many of them do n’t , anyway .
Maybe they just do n’t like riding in closed tin containers with lots of other people they do n’t know .
That could be part of it ; however , I have come up with another partial explanation ( with some help from Karl Marx ) : human beings do n’t like working from 9 - 5 at jobs in which they are n’t at all interested ; a lot of people do it , and it ’s not really what we evolved to do .
Life has been developing on earth for roughly 3.5 billion years ; on a geological time scale , cubicles are a relative latecomer .
So , when we ’re not working , we buy things to distract ourselves from the fact that we dedicate most of our energy to doing something we do n’t especially want to do .
By buying things , we generate the need for people to do jobs that they do n’t enjoy , and they in turn feel the need to buy things and keep us in our jobs ( that we do n’t enjoy ) .
Perhaps , if we made a concerted effort to live more simply , our time would be spent doing things with which we feel more connected , and as a result of this we would n’t want to buy all of the things that constitute a “ high standard of living ” after all .
Obviously , that ’s just a sketch of a much larger set of economic and philosophical theories , and at present I ’m not interested in proving whether consumerism is or is not the bane of our civilization .
What I am interested in is whether the equation of consumer society with a high living standard constitutes a sufficiently nuanced stance .
It may be true that much of modern human “ leisure ” activity is a desperate attempt to escape undesirable lives , an attempt that only digs us deeper into them .
Be that as it may , it does not follow that everything our natural resources are spent on does not , or under the right conditions could not , constitute some of the elements of true happiness .
Medical technology occurs to me as something that we want to preserve .
It would be nice if we could have flying vehicles that allow us to experience , from time to time , the exquisite beauties of nature and human civilization first hand .
I ’m also a fan of gas and electric ovens , indoor plumbing , electric lighting , wikipedia and JSTOR , to name just a few modern artifacts I think I genuinely enjoy and appreciate .
Let ’s also remember that while population reduction might allow a continuation of our way of life , or one distinctly similar to it , it does not follow that we must keep that way of life if we reduce our population .
We could both simplify and reduce .
On the other hand , if population expands indefinitely , we will eventually run out of resources such as ground water and arable land , which are pretty important to any lifestyle , no matter how simple ( assuming that medicine is retained to a degree that allows global population to expand ) .
Fewer scientific breakthroughs —
It sounds odd , but bear with me a moment .
Let us start from the premise that a certain percent of the population has the necessary talent and inclination to become great geneticists .
Let ’s say , very hypothetically , that this number is 2 % and that there are a hundred human beings in the world .
That means that there are limited number of persons , two persons , working away at a very large field , perhaps one that will never be exhausted .
They can only do so much , and more of the potential discoveries would be made if there were four geneticists instead .
If we assume , I think reasonably , that there is some conceptual synergy between the discoveries made by different scientists , then it is also true discoveries are made more slowly not only because there are fewer people to go through the material , but because they are n’t able to avail themselves of each others ’ work , because that work does n’t exist .
I think this might be a legitimate issue with population reduction ; what I am not convinced of is that the benefit of additional scientific researchers and research will outweigh the problems produced by a population of 30 billion .
Where will the labor come from ? —
If there are far fewer persons in the world , then there will be a much smaller labor pool .
Who ’s going to make things ?
Traditionally the presence of a class living in relative ease and comfort has required a much larger class of workers .
If , as I am proposing , we retain a relatively high standard of living , who is going to make the things that are needed for it ?
Well , presumably the number of persons demanding a large number of goods will decrease by roughly the same proportion as the producers of those goods , assuming there is a globaly uniform agreement to reduce or counteract population growth .
Here we get back to the standard of living issue ( what counts as a genuinely good standard ? ) and the question of whether or not it is O.K. to have a small percentage of the population benefiting from the labor the majority .
I do n’t see this as being an objection to my “ fewer babies ” suggestion , since it applies to pretty much any total population number .
There ’s also the technology factor — machines can do more and more things with great finesse ; the need for a huge laboring class should be consequently reduced , lessening the need for a large industrially oriented population .
THEY will overwhelm us ! —
A couple of years ago Rick Santorum came to speak at my college , bringing with him any number of dubious premises , intriguing fallacies and misapplied obvious truths .
One point he did speak on though that stuck with me qua my thoughts on population was his stern chastisement of the French for not having enough babies , thereby allowing North African ( and more importantly Muslim ) immigrants to slowly overtake their culture .
I ’m well aware of the strong undertones of bigotry in this proposition , and I ’m certainly not suggesting that we have to help preserve “ our culture ” by making more babies than the other cultures .
It remains , however , that our stage of human civilization ( may there be a following one ) retains much of the pack instinct of our distant Cenozoic ancestors and of the tribal structures that were the cradle of all cultural and political activity .
That is to say , we have much more loyalty to people from our own little corner of the world than we do to others , and we ’re generally willing to harm others if we think it will save , or provide great benefit to , us and ours .
We have wars , and larger countries tend to fare better in wars than smaller ones .
Access to a larger population than your rival , assuming relative parity of technology , provides both a larger labor pool for the production of the tools of war and a larger pool of potential soldiers .
It is also likely that a major reduction in population , or population growth , in any country would force some major restructuring , which would at least temporarily weaken it on the world stage .
This all leads up to one big problem , perhaps the biggest — if we are going to try to counteract trends in population growth it has to be a worldwide project .
Not only do we have to convince most individuals , or procreating couples , that it is in their ( and their offspring ’s ) best interests to have fewer children ; we also have to convince people that is in their best interests as regards their national affiliation , that we are n’t going to use their smaller population to our advantage to invade their country , kill them all , and take their resources .
We would presumably have to convince the governing bodies of every major nation to do its own part to promote voluntary population control .
By and large , this is not a problem to which I can provide an adequate solution .
I can , however , offer a partial one .
Some wars are fought over ideals ; some are fought under the command of egomaniacal tyrants ; many wars are fought for control of resources which are not sufficiently plentiful in the territory of the aggressor nation to provide for the needs or desires of their citizens .
With a vastly smaller national population , there would be vastly less stress on national resources .
In light of this , it seems advisable under any population reduction plan to bring down each nation ’s population to one that can be sustained , at least in terms of resources significantly available in that nation at all , by its own national product , or by non-coercive trade with a country possessing enormous natural resources ( which would in turn have to determine its goal - population with reference to both its resources and the percentage of those resources traded to other countries ) .
This strikes me as another very good reason to have fewer people .
Closing remarks ? —
I ’m sure I ’ve omitted a tremendous wealth of potential objections , interesting counter - objections and fascinating digressions .
I have been , after all , attempting to treat a very broad subject ( actually a number of broad subjects ) in about 2500 words .
I certainly do n’t claim to have achieved anything like a flawless or conclusive account of the issue ; this was n’t my goal to begin with .
My intention herein was , and is , simply to bring up in an acceptably cogent and reasonable manner a subject that I think gets much less attention than it deserves .
Instead of addressing pension problems escalating out of control , Pittsburgh Sets Vote on Adding Tax on Tuition .
The mayor of Pittsburgh calls it the “ Fair Share Tax . ”
But to officials at the city ’s 10 colleges and universities and many of their 100,000 students , it is anything but .
On Wednesday , the City Council is expected to give preliminary approval to Mayor Luke Ravenstahl ’s proposal for a 1 percent tuition tax on students attending college in Pittsburgh , which he says will raise $ 16.2 million in annual revenue that is needed to pay pensions for retired city employees .
The tax would be the first of its kind in the nation , and other cities are watching closely as they try to find ways to close their own budget gaps .
“ City officials see this as an untapped revenue source , and if Pittsburgh succeeds , I think you will see a lot of other cities immediately move to do the same , ” said Terry Hartle of the American Council on Education , a lobbying group for universities .
He added that if the Pittsburgh City Council approves the mayor ’s proposal , the matter will surely go to the courts .
“ This is a turning point for us , ” said Joe King , president of the Pittsburgh firefighters ’ union .
He said that after Miami - Dade County in Florida , Allegheny County has the second largest number of seniors of any county in the United States and that in his union alone he has 900 retirees and 450 surviving spouses whose pensions need to be financed .
When and where does the insanity stop ?
Taxman
Let me tell you how it will be ,
There ’s one for you , nineteen for me ,
‘ Cause I ’m the Taxman
If you drive a car , I ’ll tax the street ,
If you try to sit , I ’ll tax your seat ,
If you get too cold , I ’ll tax the heat ,
If you take a walk , I ’ll tax your feet .
have nots
haves
Article Comments
Denver Randy
John
CB
Michael
John
Sandy
Addendum :
The Miss Universe sex tape is only half as authentic as once believed -- one of the women in the scandalous video is NOT a world - class beauty pageant winner , this according to the conductor of the 3 - way naked train himself .
TMZ spoke with Wyatt Gallery -- the fine arts photographer who was literally caught in the middle of the drama -- who tells us some scumbag ripped the footage from his laptop computer in an attempt to sabotage Miss Trinidad and Tobago 's career .
While Gallery confirms that his long - term girlfriend , Anya Ayoung - Chee aka Miss T&T 2008 , did co-star in the video , the other woman -- believed to have been Miss Japan 2008 -- is NOT Hiroko Mima after all ... just a really , really , really close friend .
Now here 's the real scandalous part of the story : Gallery tells us he believes the footage -- shot in New York back in 2007 -- was stolen from his laptop when he took it to a Trinidad computer shop for repairs .
Gallery says , " I feel horrible and embarrassed for Anya , her family and myself ... because this was a private moment that was never supposed to be made public . "
He adds , " This was an intentional , malicious sabotage against Anya and her career ... and I feel stupid for not deleting the files off of my computer . "
Gallery tells us he has a legal team looking into the matter and plans on suing anyone who continues to distribute the tape .
Here 's one of the problems with carbon credits --
It is very easy for developing countries to game the system .
They can essentially say that they were planning to do something environmentally damaging , then switch to a ' greener option ' and collect carbon credit income .
Yet if the greener option was their original intent then the credits have n't actually created any additional carbon savings .
The latest evidence comes from China where the U.N. on December 4th refused to approve ten wind farms near Harbin due to the fact that the projects would have happened with or without the sale of carbon credits .
Projects like these get paid for doing absolutely nothing extra .
To be fair though , it 's not clear whether the real problem here is China , or rather the way carbon credits are calculated .
They did n't write the rules after all .
Business Week : The 10 Chinese wind farms were rejected , in part , because U.N. officials fear Beijing is actually reducing its financial support for wind power as a gambit to help the country 's clean - energy projects qualify for carbon payments from abroad .
The Chinese government may be doing this by cutting the rates the wind farms will be paid for electricity , according to the U.N. officials .
The Harbin wind farm's developers initially estimated the project would earn an annual profit of 8.76 % .
That would have made the wind farm ineligible for carbon funds , since the cutoff to benefit from credit sales is 8 % .
The Chinese government apparently responded to the situation by reducing what it had been expected to pay for Harbin 's electricity , pulling the project 's profit margin below 8 % .
On Dec. 4 , the U.N. announced that it would stop what appears to be China 's attempt to game the system .
Lex de Jonge , chairman of the U.N. committee overseeing carbon credits , said in a statement that his panel " must safeguard the environmental integrity of the [ carbon market ] . "
He added : " This means registering only projects that would produce emission reductions that are additional to those that would take place without the project . "
Read the entire article here .
Was it an accident or not ?
People who live in nursing homes or group homes are naturally vulnerable to injuries , falls and illnesses .
An injury alone does not mean that negligence or abuse occurred .
But , families should be aware that :
An unexplained injury may be a sign of physical or sexual abuse .
When a person with dementia wanders away from a facility , it is a strong indicator of neglect .
An unexplained death may be the result of a nursing home failure .
Signs That an Injury Was Caused by Negligence or Abuse
There are tell - tale signs that family members can use to determine if an injury was accidental or was caused by negligence or abuse , but most people are not aware of the signs until after the harm has been done .
When in doubt , speak with a lawyer who has the resources to investigate possible abuse or neglect and the determination to take effective action .
At Solomon & Relihan , we help the victims of nursing home negligence , and their families , hold nursing homes accountable for a wide range of harms :
Sympathy for the Devil
In the last couple of years , it has become trendy to bash the Adobe Flash Player .
I need to say a few things on that subject .
First , let ’s be very clear : I ’m not on the Flash team .
I do n’t speak for them .
( I do n’t speak for anyone but myself . )
This post is just my personal take on things .
Caveat lector .
I came to Adobe ten years ago to build an open standards ( SVG ) - based Web animation tool .
I like standards , and I have some experience here .
Both authoring for & competing with the Flash Player gave me some good perspective .
Here ’s a quick summary of my long piece below :
Flash is flawed , but it has moved the world forward .
Open standards are great , but they can be achingly slow to arrive .
Talk of “ what ’s good for standards is bad for Adobe ” is misinformed nonsense .
Flash will innovate or die .
I ’m betting on innovation .
Let ’s be clear :
It ’s fine to say that Flash is flawed ; it is .
( You know who ’d agree ?
The Flash team . )
It ’s fine to hope for alternatives to take root .
( Competition makes everyone better . )
But let ’s also be honest and say that Flash is the reason we all have fast , reliable , ubiquitous online video today .
It ’s the reason that YouTube took off & video consumption exploded four years ago .
It ’s the reason we have Hulu , Vimeo , and all the rest–and the reason that people now watch billions of videos per day ( and nearly 10 hours apiece per month ) online .
Without it , we ’d all still be bumbling along .
Macromedia was the only company that delivered truly ubiquitous ( 99 % penetration ) video playback .
Apple did n’t*.
Microsoft did n’t .
Real did n’t .
( Remember how you used to see sites offering multiple streams , making the user pick a player , because the content creator could n’t rely on everyone being able to view one format ?
Good riddance to that crappy customer experience . )
Content creators , whose income is proportional to their ability to reach customer eyeballs easily and reliably , have voted with their feet , moving to Flash .
As a result , more than three quarters of online video now streams in Flash formats ( up from 25 % three years ago ) .
All these years later , we still do n’t have a standard , browser - native alternative , much less one that ’s achieved widespread viewership .
( WebKit - based browsers remain in the single digits on the desktop .
Firefox , which uses a different video format , is at 25 % .
Microsoft is off doing its own thing . )
That sucks .
I do n’t doubt that some video standard will eventually emerge & make its way into most if not all browsers .
In the meantime , Adobe spends millions of dollars a year building & giving away software –for which content viewers & even content creators do n’t have to pay a dime–to compensate for the rest of the world ’s failure to get the job done .
Maybe that sounds harsh , but I find the Flash - bashing tedious and hollow .
Flash has all kinds of shortcomings ; helping address them is why I joined Adobe , for God ’s sake !
But Flash , as Winston Churchill might say , is “ the worst except for all the others ever tried . ”
It will improve , as will competing implementations .
In the meantime , how about we give the devil ( if that ’s how you see it ) his due , giving Flash credit for helping the world get this far ?
— On Standards —
Stepping a bit beyond video , I ’m personally delighted to see Web standards like HTML5 emerge .
Adobe makes nearly all its money selling authoring tools that target great runtimes .
( Conversely , as I ’ve mentioned , Adobe loses money building runtimes ( Flash Player , Adobe Reader ) that it gives away in order to sell authoring tools . )
More great runtimes to target means more opportunities to build content for them .
Adobe will naturally follow the money , building authoring tools that produce what customers demand , and that includes HTML5 - based work .
Do n’t believe me ?
Check out a demo of Illustrator , Flash , and Dreamweaver targeting the HTML Canvas tag .
Guess what , though ?
When I posted that story , almost no one paid attention .
People want a certain “ killer ” narrative : Good guys vs. bad guys , open vs. proprietary , blah blah .
That ’s simpleminded and lame .
I keep seeing the video standards discussion phrased as “ H.264 vs. Flash video * * ” ( e.g. John Gruber writing about Apple “ replacing ” Flash video with H.264 ) .
Apparently people are unaware that Flash has been playing H.264 for years .
It ’s easily the most popular H.264 player in the world .
Adobe ’s choice to embrace H.264 in Flash is what allows sites like Vimeo and YouTube to create HTML5 / AVC ( i.e. , non-Flash ) versions of their sites without gobbling up petabytes of storage and loads of CPU cycles creating and storing alternate versions of their videos .
Instead of locking people into some proprietary solution it created , Adobe has spent millions of dollars to enable use of a more standard format .
The obvious problem with open standards , of course , is that they often take eons to implement , and developing for different implementations sucks up time and money .
Does anyone else remember seeing really sexy “ DHTML ” demos that featured full - screen animation and more ?
I do .
You know when that was ?
1998 .
And today , more than 15 years after Netscape debuted , Flash remains the only way to , say , display a vector chart across browsers ( i.e. , such that you can count on every viewer seeing it ) .
That ’s sad–especially given that Adobe plowed a hell of a lot of time & money into trying to get the open SVG standardized & adopted .
SVG taught me some painful lessons :
While we sat waiting on months ( at least ) of committee meetings , review periods , etc. , Macromedia was free to innovate & iterate quickly with Flash .
Their implementation was lean & ran circles around the Adobe player that dutifully tried to support a cumbersome spec .
( Again , remember that all this is just my personal opinion . )
Openness and standards and kumbayah do n’t matter if someone is pantsing your big , ponderous committee .
And this gets to two key , interrelated questions :
Why will Flash live on ( i.e. what are its competitive advantages ? ) , and Why is n’t Flash open - source / an open standard ?
Again , I do not speak for the Flash team , but my take is that Flash ’s advantages are predictability & agility :
It does n’t require you to target multiple runtimes ( browsers , etc. ) from multiple vendors .
Instead , there ’s effectively one Flash Player with a predictable set of capabilities .
Fonts , pixels , etc. render consistently across OSes , browsers , and devices .
You do n’t need something like BrowserLab ( a free Adobe service , by the way ) for Flash .
If Adobe develops a new technology ( e.g. the Text Layout Framework , leveraging InDesign tech and enabling beautiful Web typography ) , it can be deployed quickly & reliably to all systems .
That is , we do n’t have to say , “ Yeah , we ’d love to see better type on the Web , but first we have to convince these groups to add support , and then wait several years for updates to achieve broad adoption , and then hope it all works the same … ”
We can just do it , and support will hit critical mass quickly .
In a sense it ’s a more Apple - like approach : Control things yourself , so design - by - committee does n’t compromise your product .
Open - sourcing Flash would lead to a fragmentation of the format & Flash runtimes , and that would destroy the predictability and agility that differentiate Flash from other standards .
If the Flash team continues to innovate –that is , if they deliver better features more quickly , more predictably , and with better authoring tools than other technologies –then Flash will endure .
If they do n’t , it wo n ’t –nor should it .
But I ’m betting they will .
— On Mac vs. Windows performance —
Finally , let ’s turn to a touchy subject .
If Flash runs faster on Windows than on Mac , that must be proof of Adobe ’s incompetence and / or anti-Mac malice , right ?
Of course , if Flash ran faster on Mac than on Windows , that would be taken as proof of OS X ’s modern awesomeness .
Heads they win , tails we lose .
( Come on , tell me I ’m wrong . )
Despite the Flash Player team investing disproportionate resources in the Mac player ( where the Mac has ~ 5 % market share to 90 + % for Windows ) , and despite them making big strides on the Mac , it ’s true that Flash performance on OS X has lagged behind Flash on Windows .
That needs to change .
My understanding is that there ’s work that both Adobe & Apple could do to improve matters .
Mac users *** complain about high CPU usage when playing video .
The latest Flash Player uses many fewer CPU cycles for video , but the needed hardware decoding support is n’t available on the Mac right now .
I do n’t have any inside info here , but I ’ve heard that the Safari team is a great group of folks , and I hope they ’re able to work with the Flash Player team to added the desired support .
— In Conclusion —
I ’m very optimistic about Flash , Web standards , and what Adobe can to help customers .
In particular :
The Flash Player team has been very hard at work leveraging the GPU to deliver great performance on mobile devices .
I expect those optimizations to make their way into the desktop Flash Player .
Developers are pushing standards like CSS 3D , WebGL , and Canvas to deliver interesting results .
It ’s about time Web browsers got good at this stuff , for everyone ’s sake , and those enhancements roll right into Adobe AIR and the Creative Suite ( both of which use WebKit ) .
Adobe sells tools that can adapt to fit customers ’ needs .
As new technologies open new possibilities , Adobe will deliver great authoring apps .
J .
* I just checked , and the download for QuickTime is more than ten times the size that of Flash Player .
If you want ubiquity , size still matters .
** Incidentally , FLV ( Flash Video ) is a publicly documented format , as are RTMP and SWF .
*** I ’ve been a fervent one since 1984 .
Posted by John Nack at 3:59 PM on January 26 , 2010
Gordon Brown demanded more ambition from countries deadlocked in climate change talks today but conceded that it could take up to a year to secure a binding international deal on global warming .
With the Copenhagen negotiations mired in procedural wrangles , the Prime Minister used his keynote speech to appeal for " the highest possible level of ambition " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
UK officials conceded today that the process was in " serious difficulty " with time running out for deep disputes among the 192 nations to be resolved before world leaders try to finalise agreement tomorrow .
In a last - ditch bid to end the impasse , Mr Brown told delegates : " My talks this week convince me that while the challenges we face are difficult and testing , there is no insuperable barrier of finance , no inevitable deficit of political will , no insurmountable wall of division that need prevent us from rising to the needed common purpose and ... reaching agreement now .
" In these few days in Copenhagen , which will be blessed or blamed for generations to come , we cannot permit the politics of narrow self - interest to prevent a policy for human survival . "
He called on richer states such as the US and European countries to offer the maximum possible reductions in emissions and to pledge not to cut other aid to pay for long - term help for the developing world .
Poorer nations also had to raise their ambitions , he warned , and he said agreement was needed on transparency to ensure commitments were met .
That is a potential sticking point with China , with whose premier Wen Jiabao he will hold the latest of a series of bilateral discussions this afternoon .
But Mr Brown , who has in recent days put a six - month deadline on turning any political agreement signed in Copenhagen into a legally - binding treaty , said twice that time could be needed .
He said : " I come to this , the largest ever global conference , facing the greatest global challenge of our time , to appeal to you to summon up the highest level of ambition and will .
" And the success of our endeavours depends on us forging a new alliance , the first global alliance of 192 - not one bloc against another , not rich against poor - but a new alliance for the preservation of our planet . "
He went on : " Informed by science , moved by conscience , inspired by common purpose , we , the leaders of this fragile world , must affirm : we will not condemn millions to injustice without remedy , to sorrow without hope , to deprivation without end .
" The task of politics is to overcome obstacles even when people say they are too formidable .
" And the task of statesmanship is to make the essential possible , to make ideals real even when critics tell you they are impractical and unachievable . "
No country was being asked to " suspend " its national interest , he said , " but to advance it more intelligently " .
" For nothing matters more to any nation 's interest than the fate of the only world we have . "
A deal would create green jobs in developed countries such as the UK and give the developing nations the chance to grow without needing a high - carbon economy .
Citing Winston Churchill , he said : " It is not enough for us to do the least we can get away with when history asks that we demand the most of ourselves .
" As one of the greatest of world leaders warned at a different time of peril , ' it is no use saying we are doing our best ' .
" Let us demonstrate a strength of resolve equal to the greatness of our cause .
" And let us prove today and tomorrow the enduring truth that is more telling than any passing setback : that what we can achieve together is far greater than whatever we can achieve unilaterally and alone . "
Mr Brown is among a succession of leaders addressing the conference today although US president Barack Obama is not due to arrive until the leaders convene tomorrow .
The Prime Minister , who flew to the Danish capital two days ahead of most other major national leaders to prepare the ground for a deal , expressed optimism yesterday that while failure is a possibility , a deal remains possible despite the serious procedural arguments .
Although there has been some progress on finance for developing countries , questions of who should cut emissions by how much and how much aid should be directed to help vulnerable countries cope with the effects of climate change and ensure they develop more sustainably remain unanswered .
Mr Brown told delegates : " Scientific truths know no boundaries of ideology or politics ,
And no one can honestly deny that without common action , rising sea levels could wipe whole nations from the map .
" And without common action , extreme temperatures will create a new generation of poor , with climate change refugees driven from their homes by drought , climate change evacuees fleeing the threat of drowning , the climate change hungry desperate for lack of food . "
Addressing the issue of checks that promises were kept , Mr Brown was careful not to inflame tensions with the Chinese , amid reports that one of its officials had suggested anything other than a broad agreement was impossible .
He said there should be " transparency in accounting for both developed and developing countries , including international discussion and without diminishing national sovereignty " .
With hope of a binding contract emerging from the talks abandoned some time ago , attention is being focused on the next steps if a political agreement can be reached tomorrow .
The next UN climate change conference is not due until late next year in Mexico , although there have been calls to bring it forward to July .
Mr Brown also appeared to soften the language of one passage hitting out at climate change " deniers " .
According to extracts of the speech released yesterday , the Prime Minister was to say : " Hurricanes , floods , typhoons and droughts we have , from time immemorial , thought of as invisible acts of God , we can see clearly now as the visible acts of man . "
Today he added a word , to say they were " also the visible acts of man " .
But the scale of the task remaining even to produce a workable text for them to debate was underlined by Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband , who said negotiations were " certainly on a knife edge and in real grave danger " .
A highly - frustrated Mr Miliband , who has been leading some of the detailed talks , said : " Basically we 've spent today arguing about the shape of the table , the nature of the negotiations .
" Given the very short time there is to go ... that is not a good way to go .
It now needs leaders , unfortunately , to come in and move this process forward . "
After another day of delays and tense negotiations , Mr Miliband warned that the talks to achieve a new agreement could fail because of disagreements over the process , a scenario which he said would be a " farce " .
He said people around the world would be rightly furious if negotiators failed to get a new deal because the talks ran into the ground .
" It will be terrible dereliction of duty not to fail because we could n't agree on the substance but because we could n't agree on the process .
" I would be a tragedy if we failed to agree because of the substance .
It would be a farce if we failed to reach agreement because of the process .
" People will find it extraordinary that this conference that has been two years in the planning and involves 192 countries , which is such an important thing , such important stakes , is at the moment being stalled on points of order , " he said .
USA Spends Trillion Dollars to Make Terrorist War Last Forever
The US has spent over one trillion dollars on the struggle against terrorism since the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Iraq has taken the lion ’s share of the amount - $ 748 billion .
The spending on anti-terrorist operations in Afghanistan is 2.5 times less .
USA Spends Trillion Dollars to Make Terrorist War Last Forever
The current US administration intends to assign $ 128.3 billion for “ anti- terrorist activities ” in the two countries with $ 65 billion of that – for Afghanistan .
The increase in spending for this country is connected with a perspective to send 30,000 more servicemen to Afghanistan during the upcoming six months .
Therefore , the United States will have to double its previous Afghan spending .
The Congress will have to approve the numbers in February .
Many congressmen criticized Obama for such a decision and may not uphold the initiative .
The anti-terrorist spending does not include the costs on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Numerous arms deals and the construction of military objects also require a lot of money .
The list continues with bills for medical care of those injured in battles , government compensations to families and veterans , security measures to defend US embassies and other programs .
The training of Afghan security forces will cost $ 7.5 billion .
A large amount , which has not been specified , will be spent on purchasing 1,400 armored vehicles .
About $ 2 billion is to be spent on army intelligence to buy Predator and Reaper spy planes .
There is also an item of expense to encourage the Talibs who decide to lay down their arms .
Expert Sergey Golubev believes that the level of the terrorist threat in the world has grown because of the US - led anti-terrorist efforts .
“ They spent a trillion dollars to add more fuel to the fire of the terrorist war .
The Americans crushed Iraq and Afghanistan .
There are too many people in these two countries who lost their homes , jobs and loved ones because of the USA , and those people are ready to do anything to harm the Americans .
Washington will have to pay for this politics .
As for the situation in other countries , one may say that there is no country in the world that can defend itself against terrorist attacks .
Recent attacks in India ’s Mumbai prove that , ” the expert said .
Pavel Zolotarev , deputy director of the Institute for the USA and Canada believes that the spending of one trillion dollars was absolutely justifiable .
“ There are problems in Afghanistan , of course , but the Americans have achieved the most important thing : there were no terrorist attacks conducted in the USA during the recent eight years .
Unfortunately , the situation in Russia and many other countries is different , and we are not secured against terror attacks still , ” the expert said .
Sergey Balmasov
Pravda .
Ru
Read the original in Russian
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There was an unpromising start to a life of wedded bliss for 18 couples about to be married in a mass ceremony in Peru .
Minutes before the ceremony in Arequipa two women walked into the room and attacked one of the grooms , forcing him to leave .
They claim Edwin Ortiz , who minutes before had kissed his soon - to - be bride in front of the cameras , was in fact already married .
Peru's Channel Nine showed video of the women punching and kicking Mr Ortiz before a group of stunned wedding guests .
The two women were thought to be the aunt and the sister of Mr Ortiz 's current wife .
After the incident the remaining couples were joined in matrimony by the local mayor .
Egypt has said it will not allow a protest march into Gaza from its territory
Egypt has rejected a request to allow activists to march across the border into the Gaza Strip to mark the anniversary of last year 's conflict .
The Egyptian foreign ministry said the march could not be allowed because of the " sensitive situation " in Gaza .
Over 1,000 activists from 42 countries had signed - up to join " the Gaza freedom march " planned for next week .
Egypt warned that anyone attempting the crossing from Egypt would be " dealt with by the law " .
Palestinians and human rights groups say more than 1,400 Gazans were killed in the violence between 27 December and 16 January , though Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Three Israeli civilians and 10 Israeli soldiers were also killed .
The UN's Goldstone report has said both the Israeli army and Palestinian militants committed war crimes and possible crimes against humanity during fighting .
Egypt has begun constructing a huge metal wall along its border with the Gaza Strip as it attempts to cut smuggling tunnels .
When it is finished the wall will be 10 - 11 km ( 6 - 7 miles ) long and will extend 18 metres below the surface .
Gaza is under a tight Israeli and Egyptian blockade , tightened since Hamas took over the strip in 2007 .
Embattled rap superstar Lil Wayne will spend St. Valentine 's Day ( 14Feb10 ) in a prison cell - he 's been ordered to begin his year - long sentence for gun charges in February ( 10 ) .
The Lollipop hitmaker , real name Dwayne Carter , pleaded guilty to charges of second degree felony of criminal weapons possession and criminal possession of a loaded weapon , following his 2007 arrest in New York , when cops found a firearm on his tourbus .
He reportedly struck a plea deal with prosecutors in October ( 09 ) , after initially pleading not guilty , in a bid to cut down his time behind bars .
Carter appeared in Manhattan State court on Tuesday morning ( 15Dec09 ) , when a judge ruled the hip - hop star must start his prison stint on 9 February ( 10 ) .
The date falls one week after his new album is due for release - Rebirth is set to hit U.S. retailers on 1 February ( 10 ) after months of delay .
It is not yet known where Carter will serve his jail term .
The prison sentence will be the start of a tough year for the rapper - he's also due to stand trial in March ( 10 ) on drug possession charges following an unrelated arrest in Yuma , Arizona in January 2008 .
Webseiten über members.aon .at stehen nicht mehr zur Verfügung .
Wenn Sie Inhaber der Daten sind , können
Sie diese noch eine begrenzte Zeit per FTP herunterladen und sichern .
Danach löschen wir diese endgültig .
Als A1 Business Kunde können
Sie komfortabel mit unseren Business Produkten eine neue und moderne Website bauen .
Electronic cigarettes have come as a ‘ Godsend ’ for the millions of users addicted to tobacco .
Not surprisingly , an increasing number of tobacco smokers are gradually switching onto electronic cigarettes and enjoying the satisfaction derived from smoking a conventional cigarette without the harmful effects that smoking a traditional , tobacco filled cigarette entails .
However , it may be worthwhile to note that the feel of a traditional cigarette simulated by an electronic cigarette varies depending on the brand and the model .
Just as with buying a new car , house or a television , some amount of research is required to identify the brand that is best suited to your needs .
To decide on the brand that will suit your needs perfectly , you need to know the basics of the design and build of cigarettes and the subtle differences in design .
Reading sites that have E - Cig Reviews – Over 50 Brands Reviewed , will give you a better insight into the products , but we ’ve broken down some basic points below .
What is a 3 - part cigarette ?
As the name implies , a 3 - part cigarette is made of three integral components – the battery , the atomizer and the cartridge .
The battery is screwed onto one end of the atomizer and the cartridge to the other end .
When an user drags on the cigarette , a pressure sensitive switch activates the battery , which , in turn , generates a small electrical charge that heats the atomizer .
The intense heat causes the e-smoking liquid to vaporize and thus creating the smoke .
What is a 2 - part cigarette ?
The 2 part cigarette is a unique design with very few manufacturers offering this design .
As the name suggests , this design consists of two integral components – the battery and the ‘ cartomizer ’ .
A cartomizer is a device that is a combination of an atomizer and a cartridge , hence the name .
Thus , a cartomizer is the only distinguishing factor for a 2 - part cigarette from a 3 - part cigarette .
There is no difference in the functioning of the 2 - part cigarette though – it operates on the exact principle as that of a 3 - part cigarette ; by producing a water vapor based smoke .
Which one is better ?
The 2 - part or the 3 - part cigarette ?
While there are different opinions largely from loyalists of the 2 - part and 3 - part designs , the general consensus is the 2 - part cigarettes offers greater versatility and convenience than the 3 - part cigarette .
The battery in a 2 - part cigarette is not as heavy and bulky as that of a 3 - part cigarette and lasts longer than a 3 - part battery .
To add to this , when you want to go in for a 2 - part cigarette cartridge refill , you automatically get a brand new atomizer along with the cartridge thus reducing the chances of the atomizer dying out on you due to continued use .
I suggest that you perform at least basic research before you settle for a brand of e-cigarettes .
Choosing the right brand will go a long way in preventing a relapse into the vortex of tobacco smoking .
Veteran U.S. diplomat John Limbert , a former official at the U.S. embassy in Tehran taken hostage thirty years ago this week and held for fourteen months , started this week as a senior Iran official at the State Department , foreign policy hands tell POLITICO .
Limbert will serve as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Iran in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs , several officials at the State Department and White House confirmed .
Limbert did not immediately respond to a query .
DAS appointments are not normally publicly announced , officials said , to explain the as yet unannounced appointment , which was said to have been in the works for some time .
A former ambassador to Mauritania who speaks fluent Farsi , Limbert retired from a 33 - year career with the Foreign Service in 2006 with the rank of Minister - Counselor .
He is the recipient of the Department 's highest award , the Distinguished Service Award , as well as an Award for Valor for his more than a year as a hostage in Iran , months of it spent in solitary confinement .
He has been teaching at the U.S. Naval Academy since 2006 , and also served as president of the American Foreign Service Assocation ( 2003-2005 ) .
This year , he published a book through the US Institute of Peace , Negotiating with Tehran : Wrestling with the Ghosts of History -- a subject that will come in handy in his new role in the Obama administration .
( Here 's the Cliff Notes version . )
He spoke Wednesday at an event at the National Iranian American Council , of which he is on the advisory board , on the thirtieth anniversary of the hostage crisis , and was said to have had an unpublicized ceremony marking his new appointment at State on Thursday .
" He 's a wonderful choice , one of the most decent people I know and someone who has the best interests of the United States and Iran in mind , " said the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace 's Karim Sadjadpour .
State has been without a senior Iran hand since Dennis Ross , previously a special advisor to Secretary Clinton on Iran and Persian Gulf issues , moved over to the NSC to become a special assistant to the president focusing on Iran and wider regional strategy in late June .
Limbert will report to Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Jeffrey Feltman , department sources said , and will also take an active role with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Bill Burns in negotiations with Iran , now that they have finally at least begun to get underway .
" He will be the most senior official at State who deals exclusively with Iran , " a State Department official said , adding that in his more than two decades at the Department , " we 've never had a DAS for Iran . "
Given that Limbert is one of the few U.S. diplomats to have actually served in Tehran and who speaks the language fluently , it seems a rather exciting hire that the administration has managed to lure back from the academy , not unlike the Ryan Crocker hire for Iraq ambassador a few years back , whose work was lauded by military commanders and civilians across the board .
Limbert , who earned his PhD from Harvard in history and Middle Eastern studies , served as a Peace Corps volunteer , teaching in Shiraz , Iran in the 1960s .
UPDATE : And go see this video of then Iranian deputy defense minister now Iran Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei visiting the hostages and Limbert that Khamenei recently posted to his website .
Surreal .
( Video via RFERL and Andrew Sullivan .
Photo at top courtesy of the National Iranian American Council . )
comments closed
permalink
Thanks Matt for the awesome gift !
Definitely will be using it with the upcoming holidays !
haha ..
The fearsome northern woman of legend and cliche , broadchested and with a frying pan poised to whack sense into her man , has proved to have genuine historic origins .
Analysis of bones from Britain 's biggest medieval excavation has unearthed a race of real - life Nora Battys , ruling a Yorkshire roost nearly 1,000 years ago .
Skeletons from Wharram Percy , a village on the Yorkshire Wolds abandoned after the 14th century Black Death , have much larger bones than those of contemporaries elsewhere .
" The differences are really quite pronounced , " said Simon Mays , of English Heritage , who has measured 120 sets of women 's bones from the site .
" Women at Wharram were much more muscular and bigger boned than their city counterparts .
Whilst they were still doing the domestic chores and looking after children , they clearly also mucked in with the hard labour in the fields , building up their arm strength . "
Whether they used this to assert themselves in the running of the village is likely to remain conjecture , but the archaeology suggests that social roles were less divided than they later became .
Grinding poverty , if nothing else , obliged the " gentler sex " to multi-task in the fashion of many modern women .
" The research underlines the way that the sexual division of labour was much less marked in rural areas than in the cities of the time , " said Mays .
" The evidence from the Wharram bones speaks volumes , and reinforces that notion that life in the village was far from a rural idyll . "
Like the archetypal Nora , a West Riding dragon played by Kathy Staff in the long - running TV comedy Last of the Summer Wine , the Wharram women were substantial as well as strong .
Their bones are wider than average and with thicker walls , a sign of calcium and other components being deposited as muscles are worked harder and gain mass .
Wharram 's insights on the state of medieval Britain are set to continue , as work continues on hundreds of thousands of remains excavated between 1950 and 1990 .
The site , surrounding a lonely church in a remote grassy valley , is the best - preserved of Britain 's 3,500 abandoned villages .
The 10 Worst Predictions for 2009
Win McNamee / Getty Images
“ I do know this .
At the end of this first year of Congress , there will be an energy bill on the president ‘s desk . “
— Rahm Emanuel on This Week with George Stephanopo u los , April 19 , 2009
The bill the White House chief of staff was optimistically referring to , the American Clean Energy and Security Act , passed the House in June and included the cap - and - trade system for limiting carbon emissions that Emanuel described as “ our goal . ”
The White House had hoped to have an energy bill passed by the time Obama traveled to the climate change conference in Copenhagen , but the legislation has stalled in the Senate and been largely marginalized by the ongoing debate over health - care reform .
Senate leaders are now hoping to take up the debate again in the spring , leaving the president able to make only provisional commitments in Denmark .
Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
“ Declaring that his work is done , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will announce he‘ll leave the Fed upon the expiration of his four - year term as chairman on Jan. 31 , 2010 .
While mostly not his fault , the recession has hurt his standing with the Obama Administration — and it also has worn him down on a personal level .
He ‘ll be succeeded by Lawrence Summers , former Treasury Secretary under the Clinton Administration . “
— BusinessWeek , Jan. 2 , 2009
Obama announced on Aug. 25 that he was reappointing Bernanke — Foreign Policy ‘s top Global Thinker of 2009 — to a second term , praising him for his “ calm and wisdom ” and crediting him with putting “ the brakes on our economic freefall . ”
Bernanke is facing a tough sledding in his Senate confirmation hearings , but his support from the Obama administration is robust , and , for what it ’s worth , Time magazine has just named him its “ person of the year . ”
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
“ While the precise impact of the fall resurgence of 2009 - H1N1 influenza is impossible to predict , a plausible scenario is that the epidemic could : produce infection of 30 - 50 % of the U.S. population this fall and winter , … lead to as many as 1.8 million U.S. hospital admissions during the epidemic , … [ and ] cause between 30,000 and 90,000 deaths in the United States . “
— Report to the President on U.S. Preparations for the 2009 - H1N1 Influenza , President ’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology , Aug. 7 , 2009
Although U.S. President Barack Obama ’s science advisors were careful to point out that the exact impact of H1N1 could n’t be predicted , no other possibilities besides the “ plausible scenario ” above were presented in their report .
The dire numbers , particularly the 50 percent infection rate , were widely reported in the media .
The reality turned out to be far milder .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , this fall there were 33,490 confirmed hospitalizations , 1,445 deaths , and 56,410 cases from all types of flu total as of Dec. 5 . A bad flu season to be sure , but nothing close to what the advisors were expecting .
Visits to the doctor for swine flu declined throughout November and early December .
AXEL SCHMIDT / AFP / Getty Images
“ The economy went into freefall and is still falling and we do n‘t know where the bottom will be until we get there and there ‘s no sign that we are anywhere near a bottom . “
— Ge orge Soros at Columbia University , Feb 20 , 2009
Billionaire investor George Soros has a reputation for prognostication and is widely credited with having seen the current recession coming .
But he got a bit overzealous in early 2009 , declaring the crash the “ collapse of the financial system . ”
He also dismissed the Obama administration ’s stimulus measures as insufficient , saying “ radical and unorthodox policy measures ” were needed to prevent a financial meltdown on the scale of the Great Depression .
However , just one month after his fire - and - brimstone speech at Columbia , Soros told Germany ’s Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper , “ The economic freefall has been stopped , the collapse of the financial system averted .
National economic stimulus programs are starting to take effect .
The downward dynamic is easing . ”
So much for no end in sight .
Soros feels a global recovery is likely in 2010 .
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
Chris Wallace : “ Best guess :
Will the president end up giving McChrystal the troops he wants , or will he change the war strategy ? “
Charles Krauthammer : “ I think he does n‘t and McChrystal resigns . ”
— Fox News Sunday , Sept. 27 , 2009
On Dec. 1 , Obama announced the deployment of 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan .
If you count the 7,000 troops promised by NATO , the new levels are close to the 40,000 requested by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Kabul .
After the announcement , the general issued a statement saying that Obama had “ provided me with a clear military mission and the resources to accomplish our task . ”
Undeterred , Krauthammer — who has made FP ‘s worst predictions list for the second straight year — blasted Obama in a Washington Post op - ed for ignoring McChrystal ’s advice .
Chris Ratcliffe - Pool / Getty Images
“ Brown will be tempted to fight on , but if he is well advised and sensible , he will see that this can not go on .
He will concede what Tony Blair also eventually also conceded when the pressure grew too great — that he has no wish to be an impediment to Labour ‘s electoral success .
He will step down soon , maybe today , certainly this weekend . “
— Martin Kettle , The Guardian , June 5 , 2009
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s already precarious political fortunes took yet another turn for the worse in June when , amid a growing scandal over MPs ’ expense accounts , three of his cabinet ministers resigned one after another — the last of whom , pensions secretary and close Brown ally James Purnell , called on the British prime minister to “ stand aside to give our party a fighting chance of winning . ”
Kettle ’s paper , the staunchly pro-Labour Guardian , recommended in an editorial that Brown step down .
But after a failed revolt of Labour backbenchers and a cabinet reshuffle , Brown managed to hang on and now appears likely to stay in office until the bitter end of his term .
ORLANDO SIERRA / AFP / Getty Images
“ I ‘m very pleased to announce that we‘ve had a breakthrough in negotiations in Honduras .
I want to congratulate the people of Honduras as well as President Zelaya and Mr. Micheletti for reaching an historic agreement .…
I cannot think of another example of a country in Latin America that having suffered a rupture of its democratic and constitutional order overcame such a crisis through negotiation and dialogue . “
— U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Oct. 30 , 2009
Clinton was right that ousted President Manuel Zelaya and interim leader Roberto Micheletti had reached an agreement , but it was n’t a breakthrough and Honduras did n’t overcome anything .
The agreement was intended to return Zelaya to office for the remainder of his term , pending the approval of the Honduran Congress .
Trouble is , the Congress did n‘t approve him .
The agreement appears to have been little more than a stalling tactic aimed at international critics , particularly the United States , which was bought hook , line , and sinker by diplomats anxious to resolve the crisis .
One month later , the United States reluctantly recognized Honduras ’s elections .
Chris Hondros / Getty Images
“ I think if they [ Israel ] are to do anything , the most likely period is after our elections and before the inauguration of the next president .
I do n‘t think they will do anything before our election because they do n‘t want to affect it .
And they ‘d have to make a judgment whether to go during the remainder of President Bush ‘s term in office or wait for his successor . “
— John Bolton , Fox News , June 22 , 2008
“ It will have to make a decision soon , and it will be no surprise if Israel strikes by year ‘s end .
Israel ‘s choice could determine whether Iran obtains nuclear weapons in the foreseeable future . “
— John Bolton , The Wall Street Journal , July 28 , 2009
An Israeli airstrike on Iran always seems to be just around the corner for former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton , no matter what the circumstances .
Around the same time as the Fox News statement , he expanded on his opinion in an interview with the Daily Telegraph , saying that an Obama victory would “ rule out ” military action .
Nevertheless , a year later he was still sayin g , “ you would have to bet ” that Israel would soon launch an attack , Obama or not .
To put Bolton ’s warning in perspective , he was advocating military action against Iran back in 2007 , saying “ our time is limited . ”
China Photos / Getty Images
“ This is going to unleash rampant inflation around the world , rampant confusion in the currency markets .
You ‘re going to have currencies gyrating all over the world .
Bond markets are going to start to collapse , and then we ‘re going to have a real problem .
The stock market understands this .
They ‘re unleashing an inflationary Holocaust because they do n‘t know what else to do . “
— Jim Rogers , CNBC , Oct. 10 , 2008
Famed investor and financial commentator Rogers made this prediction immediately before a G - 7 summit in Washington at which finance ministers from around the world pledged “ decisive act ion ” to unfreeze credit markets .
( Rogers thought it would be a better idea for them to “ go down to the bar and have a beer and leave the rest of us alone . ” )
Although Obama later committed the United States to almost $ 800 billion more in deficit spending , Rogers ’s prediction still failed to materialize .
Inflation rates have remained in negative territory for most of 2009 , and most predictions place it in the range of 1 to 2 percent in the year ahead .
Rumors of the dollar ’s demise have also been greatly exaggerated .
ELMER MARTINEZ /AFP / Getty Images
“ If we do nothing , I can guarantee you that within a decade , a communist Chinese regime that hates democracy and sees America as its primary enemy will dominate the tiny country of Panama , and thus dominate the Panama Canal , one of the world ‘s most important strategic points . “
— Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( R - Calif . ) , Dec. 7 , 1999
Rohrabacher made this alarming prediction during a debate on the U.S. handover of the Panama Canal .
His fellow hawk , retired Adm .
Thomas Moorer , even warned that China could sneak missiles into Panama and use the country as a staging ground for an attack on the United States .
Well , Rohrabacher ’s decade ran out this December , and all remains quiet on the Panamanian front .
As for China , the United States is now its largest trading partner .
Light Blue Optics has been showing off their cool projection wares since 2004 , so it 's great to hear they 're close to turning that " holographic laser projection technology " into a viable product , albeit as an OEM .
Advertisement
The Light Touch pico projector throws a laser WVGA image out to the size of 10 - inches , turning any available surface into a touchscreen .
The angle is a pretty decent wide throw , which means the projector can be quite close to the surface .
Advertisement
Running on Adobe Flash Lite 3.1 , the Light Touch projector has 2GB of flash memory and a microSD card slot ( with support up to 32 GB ) for storing media on , and also has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for hooking up with a laptop or device .
It supposedly has a 2 hour battery life , which unfortunately seems to be the norm with these little projectors , though kudos to Light Blue Optics for throwing in a bunch of other features that could make this actually useful , for consumers as well as businesses ( as the pic below shows ) .
[ Light Blue Optics via BusinessWire ]
AP Photo / Chao Soi Cheong
Smoke billows from one of the towers of the World Trade Center and flames and debris explode from the other tower , September 11 , 2001 .
AP Photo / Chao Soi Cheong
Are you the kind of person who likes to hear to a good conspiracy theory ?
Some people simply do not like the discomfort that a conspiracy theory creates .
But for others , conspiracy theories are intriguing .
They like to explore all of the possibilities that a conspiracy theory presents , in the same way that they like to explore puzzles or mystery novels .
Sometimes a conspiracy theory is ridiculous and learning about it is a form of entertainment .
Or you may find that the theory is credible and it makes you think .
It 's interesting to consider the theory , weigh the evidence and come up with a conclusion .
In the 21st century , one event reigns supreme in the catalog of conspiracy theories : the September 11 , 2001 attack on the United States .
This event is seared into the nation 's consciousness and significantly affected the entire planet .
It seems inevitable that people would cry " conspiracy " about any event with this much impact .
However , the conspiracy theories around 9/11 have been strong and consistent .
­ The whole controversy surrounding 9/11 boils down to one simple question :
Did 19 terrorists cause all of the destruction witnessed on 9/11/2001 , or did a group of people in the U.S. government conspire to create that destruction for political gain ?
The U.S. government has offered the terrorist explanation , and that is the story that many people believe .
A large number of people , however , refuse to believe this " official story . "
They believe conspiracy theorists when they say that the U.S. government actually masterminded and executed the attack .
We could spend a great deal of time arguing one side or the other .
Instead , we 'll focus on the process .
Is n't it fascinating that there can be two credible explanations for such a complex event , and that both explanations can be so diametrically opposed to one another ?
How does a conspiracy theory like this get started ?
What is required to fuel it into a full - fledged public debate ?
Can the theory ever be proven ?
What does the possibility of the theory say about our society ?
In this article we will explore these questions and many others as we look at the events of September 11 .
Conspiracy Theory Basics
Image courtesy Amazon
Oliver Stone 's 1991 film " JFK " addresses a controversial version of the events surrounding John F. Kennedy 's assassination .
A theory seeking to explain a disputed case or matter as a plot by a secret group or alliance rather than an individual or isolated act . [ ref ]
The dictionary defines a conspiracy theory in this way : A conspiracy theorist , therefore , is a person who formulates such a theory .
There is a certain negative undertone to the term " conspiracy theory " in today 's society .
Detractors will point out that many conspiracy theories contain certain features that undermine their credibility .
In this article , however , we will use the term " conspiracy theory " in its neutral sense .
We are using it to mean an alternative explanation for an event , as it is defined in the dictionary .
In modern times there have been a number of " conspiracy theories . "
One example is the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
After the assassination , the government offered its explanation of the events .
A large number of people ( at one point , more than half of the adult population in the United States ) simply do not believe the government 's explanation .
This particular conspiracy theory rose to such a high level in the public consciousness that an entire Hollywood movie was made about it : " JFK " , directed by Oliver Stone and released in 1991 .
The Kennedy assassination really started the modern " conspiracy theory " movement .
This is an event where the " official " government explanation of the crime was openly ridiculed by a large number of " normal citizens . "
Many people believe that the Kennedy assassination was carried out as part of a larger government - centered conspiracy , rather than as a random event arranged by a single gunman .
In the same way , a very large number of people do not believe that " terrorists " carried out the events seen on 9/11 .
Instead , they believe that the government caused those events .
Next , we 'll look at how conspiracy theories get started .
Advertisement
( CNN ) -- Evangelist Oral Roberts , founder of the Oral Roberts Evangelistic Association and Oral Roberts University , died Tuesday from complications of pneumonia in Newport Beach , California , his spokeswoman said .
He was 91 .
Roberts ' son , Richard , and daughter Roberta were at his side , spokeswoman Melany Ethridge said in a statement .
Roberts was hospitalized Monday following a fall on Saturday , in which he suffered broken bones , Ethridge said earlier , adding he was being treated for pneumonia .
There will be a private interment , the statement said .
Arrangements for a public memorial service in Tulsa , Oklahoma , are pending .
" Oral Roberts was a man of God , and a great friend in ministry , " the Rev. Billy Graham said in a statement Tuesday .
" I loved him as a brother .
We had many quiet conversations over the years . "
Granville Oral Roberts was born into poverty in Bebee , Oklahoma , on January 24 , 1918 , according to a brief biography released by Ethridge .
His Christian ministry began with what he described as his own miracle healing of tuberculosis at age 17 .
Roberts pastored churches in Oklahoma and Georgia and preached at revivals around the country while studying at Oklahoma Baptist University and Phillips University in Oklahoma , according to the biography .
In 1947 , he founded the Oral Roberts Evangelistic Association in Tulsa , " and began conducting crusades across America and around the world , attracting crowds of thousands -- many who were sick and dying and in search of healing , " the biography said .
" Through the years , he conducted more than 300 crusades on six continents " and " laid hands " on an estimated 2 million people , according to association officials .
In 1954 , he brought television cameras into services , providing what he liked to call a " front - row seat to miracles " to viewers , the biography said .
He later began a television program , initially called " Oral Roberts Presents . "
The ministry 's daily program , now called " The Place for Miracles , " can be seen on more than 100 television stations , multiple cable and satellite networks and the Internet , Ethridge said .
" If God had not in his sovereign will raised up the ministry of Oral Roberts , the entire charismatic movement might not have occurred , " said Jack Hayford , president of the California - based International Church of the Foursquare Gospel , in the statement .
" Oral shook the landscape with the inescapable reality and practicality of Jesus ' whole ministry .
His teaching and concepts were foundational to the renewal that swept through the whole church . "
Roberts founded the Abundant Life Prayer Group in 1958 " to address the around - the - clock needs of those suffering and requesting prayer , " according to the biography .
Today , prayer partners at Abundant Life continue to receive calls 24 hours a day .
The group has received more than 23 million phone calls for prayer , the biography said .
Oral Roberts University was founded in 1963 , built on 500 acres in Tulsa and dedicated four years later by Graham , according to the biography .
Graduate schools including medicine , nursing , dentistry , law , education and theology were later added .
Roberts served as school president until 1993 but remained a chancellor until his death .
He remained involved in his evangelistic association as much as his health allowed , Ethridge said Monday .
His son , Richard Roberts , currently serves as president .
In 1977 , Roberts said he had a vision of a 900 - foot - tall Jesus , who told him to found the City of Faith Medical and Research Center .
The biography said the center was aimed at " merging the healing power of medicine and prayer . "
In 1986 , Roberts announced that God would " call him home " unless he raised $ 8 million to send medical missionaries from the center -- an announcement that was widely publicized .
He wound up raising $ 9.1 million , but the center closed in 1989 .
However , the biography said , it left " a lasting impact on the understanding by many medical professionals of the importance of treating the whole person -- body , mind and spirit . "
In addition , Roberts wrote more than 130 books , the biography said .
" His book ' The Miracle of Seed Faith ' has more than 8 million copies in circulation .
This book 's key principles --
God is your source , sow your seed out of your need , and expect a miracle harvest -- formed a fundamental part of Roberts ' ministry and legacy , " the biography said .
Before his death , Roberts said , " After I 'm gone , others will have to judge how well I 've obeyed God 's command not to be an echo but to be a voice like Jesus , " the statement said .
" As far as my own conviction is concerned , I 've tried to be that voice with every fiber of my being , regardless of the cost . "
Responding to news of Roberts ' death , Graham said Tuesday : " Just three weeks ago , I was privileged to talk to Oral on the telephone .
During the short conversation , he said to me that he was near the end of his life 's journey .
I look forward to the day that I will see Oral and Evelyn Roberts again in heaven -- our eternal home . "
Roberts wife , Evelyn , died in 2005 after the couple had been married more than 66 years .
Roberts is survived by his son and daughter and their spouses , along with 12 grandchildren and several great - grandchildren , Ethridge said .
Bacon + Chocolate = World Peace ?
December 29 , 2009 at 1:47 pm
When I was in 5th grade , my class went on an overnight trip to a pioneer farm .
We took a tour of the farm , learned about the equipment and tools , and slept that evening in a real pioneer cabin .
The next morning after breakfast , we were given our authentic pioneer chores .
Mine was cleaning up after the farm ’s pig , Susan Bacon Anthony .
I was not amused .
While some of my friends pressed apples into cider , and other classmates tried out the tools at the blacksmith house , I trudged through the mud towards the barn .
Susan Bacon
Anthony was a huge pig , bright pink and vivacious .
My mood lightened considerably even as I raked out her pen , and by the end of the morning , I was in love .
I considered the possibilities of owning a pet pig .
By the time my parents arrived to pick me up , I had an announcement to make – I was becoming a vegetarian so that I never had to eat a Susan Bacon Anthony , or any of her friends , ever again .
My parents seemed complacent enough throughout the drive home .
When they started on breakfast , though , my dad asked casually , “ This means no bacon for you , right ? ”
As a child I was passionate about bacon .
I could n’t get enough of its smokiness , its crisp and chewy texture , its salty goodness .
But at ten years old I stood my ground and agreed – no bacon .
I told myself it was a sacrifice I ’d have to make , and I pictured Susan Bacon Anthony ’s corkscrew tail and thin , floppy ears .
As the pan sizzled and the house filled with the smell of bacon , I ended up going outside .
I clutched a glass of orange juice and sipped it fervently , trying not to give in .
Ten minutes into our breakfast , I caved , and took a piece of bacon from the center plate .
We all knew the two hour vegetarianism had only been a half - hearted attempt at best , and I have n’t tried to play the vegetarian card since .
I ’m not fooling anybody .
When faced with bacon brownies , I think many people are divided .
Some might have seen the unusual combination of bacon and chocolate before in fancy restaurants or among foodie circles .
But more commonly , I think most people think the idea of bacon and chocolate together sounds disgusting .
You are not alone , but you might want to give it a fair chance .
My friend M- is very conservative about food .
Once , when I was just starting to bake , I brought a cake with me to a friend ’s house .
We had cut the cake , transferred the slices to plates , and passed around the forks .
My friends had the first bite halfway to their mouths when M- casually asked , “ So what is this exactly ? ”
I answered truthfully and replied , “ It ’s a chocolate cake with a chocolate - sour cream frosting . ”
I looked up and saw that M- had put his fork right back down onto the plate , and my other friends followed his lead .
“ Sour cream ? ”
He just could n’t wrap his mind around sour cream in dessert , despite my protests , and not a single bite of the cake was even tried .
Frustrated , I had to transfer all the slices back to the cake carrier and bring the untouched cake home .
The following day , I made a sour cream banana pound cake with sour cream frosting and brought it to my friends .
With an entire cup of sour cream in the cake alone , they were truly about to eat their words .
When the cake was fully consumed , M- having had his second slice , I told them the truth .
Sour cream is delicious , and you ’d like it if you gave it a chance .
After I made these brownies , M- happened to stop by .
Since I began baking he ’s become more adventurous , and he agreed to try one of the brownies even though he was repulsed by the combination of bacon and chocolate .
He accepted the piece , examined it carefully , and then took a small bite .
He proclaimed it “ pretty good . ”
Chocolate and bacon actually make a natural combination .
The brownies are dense and fudgy , and the crumbled bits of bacon add a bit of texture and a hint of smokiness .
In the same way that coffee provides a solid foundation for chocolate , bacon adds something special and elevates a simple brownie to something more .
And I ca n’t help but think that if maybe everyone gave Bacon Brownies a chance , we could all stand together on something , despite our differences .
Bacon and chocolate = world peace .
I made these brownies for my dad , who could n’t get a bacon brownie he ’d eaten once before out of his mind .
I did a bit of research , trying to figure out the best way to combine the two ingredients , and found that a very loyal and enthusiastic fan base for bacon exists .
While I do n’t think I ’m passionate enough to go to Bacon Camp yet , I ’ll admit this embarrassing tidbit .
As I was cooking the bacon for these brownies , I started singing “ True Colors ” under my breath .
Without even realizing it , I was changing the lyrics .
And I see your true bacon
Shining through
I see your true bacon
And that ’s why I love you …!
My dad heard , and he could n’t stop laughing .
Such is the power of bacon .
Bacon Brownies
Adapted from The Hungry Engineer
Makes a 9 ″ x9 ″ pan of thin , delicious brownies
4 oz unsweetened chocolate , finely chopped
4 oz ( 8 tablespoons ) butter
1 1/2 cup sugar
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
2 large eggs
4 1/2 oz flour ( about 1 cup )
2 tablespoons natural cocoa ( not Dutch - processed )
4 strips bacon
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 ″ x9 ″ pan and set in parchment paper , letting the two ends hang over the edge .
This makes a “ sling ” that will make lifting the brownies out of the pan very easy .
Grease the parchment .
Heat a large pan over medium heat .
When hot , lay in the strips of bacon .
You want them to be crispy .
Let them cook on each side until sufficiently cooked , then transfer to a plate with several layers of paper towel .
Once cool , cut or rip the bacon into bits .
I found that bits the size of your fingernail were best .
Place the chopped chocolate and the butter in a metal bowl , and set it over a pan of gently simmering water .
Stir the mixture until the smooth and the chocolate has melted completely .
Remove from the heat and let cool slightly , then whisk in the sugar , salt , and vanilla .
Then add in the eggs , one at a time , stirring until smooth .
Sift in the flour and cocoa , and whisk to combine .
Stir in the bacon bits .
Scrape the batter into the pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula .
Bake brownies 30 - 40 minutes , or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean .
Let the brownies cool in the pan for a few minutes , then use the parchment sling to lift the brownies out of the pan .
Transfer them to a wire rack and let cool completely before cutting into bars .
Printer Friendly Version – Bacon Brownies
Share this : Email
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Reddit
Pocket
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Entry filed under : Bars / Brownies .
Tags : bacon , bars , brownies , chocolate , salty , savory .
Dr Nathan Grills from Monash University in Australia said the idea of a fat Father Christmas gorging on brandy and mince pies as he drove his sleigh around the world delivering presents was not the best way to promote a healthy and safe lifestyle among the young .
Yet another strange structure shot by some Russian guy in the forests of Russia .
WASHINGTON — Journalists are attacking Politico and reporter Mike Allen after an article Wednesday featuring former Vice President Dick Cheney accusing President Obama of insufficiently responding to the failed Christmas terror attempt .
A number of writers and bloggers say Politico failed to perform the fact - checking role expected of reporters , pointing to questionable assertions from Cheney that went unchecked in Allen ’s story .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Atlantic ’s Andrew Sullivan labeled Allen “ Cheney ’s Chief Spokesman ” and quipped that Cheney should “ be paying him . ”
“ There he goes again , ” Sullivan said of Allen , “ the mouthpiece for Rove and Cheney , believing his ‘ access ’ as a stenographer makes him a journalist .
It does n’t .
It makes him a stenographer . ”
“ Allen gussies up his source ’s bile with a few fig leaf sentences and a gesture from a Democratic rebuttal , ” Sullivan added .
Cheney ’s scathing critiques of Obama have been a regular feature in Politico ’s reporting in 2009 .
Allen and his colleagues have won several exclusive interviews with Cheney this year , and their ensuing reports tend to achieve significant media coverage .
Salon ’s Glenn Greenwald , who has long argued that Politico is too deferential to conservatives , accused Allen of “ [ f ] aithfully serving as Cheney ’s press secretary ” on his Twitter feed Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Dick Cheney uses Politico like Sarah Palin uses Facebook : a venue to spout false statements to the press without being challenged , ” Greenwald wrote , alleging that the article fails to scrutinize Cheney ’s claims or apply them fairly based on the Bush administration ’s actions .
Washington Independent ’s Dave Weigel questioned the relationship between Cheney and Politico in a post arguing the former Vice President ’s attack on Obama “ does n’t really make any sense . ”
“ One of the problems with Politico ’s connection to former Vice President Dick Cheney is that the paper seems to get quotes from the former vice president without the opportunity to ask follow - up questions , ” Weigel wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
Conservative watchdog Media Matters blasted Politico for failing to vet Cheney ’s own possible culpability in his charges against Obama .
“ [ T ] wo of the four people who allegedly plotted that attack were released from U.W. custody in 2007 , while Dick Cheney was Vice President , ” wrote Media Matters ’ Jamison Foser .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ So to sum up : Dick Cheney sends Mike Allen a press release , which Mike Allen then copies - and - pastes it into a ‘ news article ’ without mentioning key facts that would undermine Cheney ’s press release , ” Foser continued .
“ Are n’t you glad Politico got a spot on the Pulitzer committee ? ”
“ Politico really is just a GOP bulletin board , ” Foser posited .
Following Politico ’s previous interview piece with Dick Cheney just weeks ago on December 1 , Washington Monthly ’s Steve Benen accused Allen and his organization of “ stenography . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There ’s no real journalism to be found , ” Benen wrote of the story .
“ No fact - checking , no pushback , no scrutiny .
Just an uninterrupted string of predictable , misguided nonsense . ”
“ Cheney could have just written a blog post / screed , and had Politico publish it , ” Benen added .
“ This would have saved Mike Allen and Jim Vandehei the trouble of adding quote marks to their stenography . ”
While most of the writers attacking Allen and Politico appear to hold different viewpoints from Cheney on national security and a variety of other issues , their criticisms have more to do with the proper role of journalism than ideology .
Greenwald has dubbed Allen “ the single most obedient , right - wing - power - worshipping reporter in Washington , a distinction for which there is a crowded and heated competition . ”
Last year , he called Politico a right - wing “ cesspool . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Still , Cheney has no shortage of political foes – he ended his term this year with a measly approval rating of 13 percent , according to CBS News .
Weeks before exiting his post , a combined 64 percent said he was the worst vice president in US history or performed poorly , CNN reported .
Update : Echoing her colleague Glenn Greenwald ’s remarks , Salon ‘s editor - in - chief Joan Walsh has joined the chorus of writers attacking Politico for failing to vet Cheney ’s claims .
“ I think [ Cheney ] needs to get Sarah Palin to show him how to use Facebook — then he would n’t have to go to Politico and use it as his personal billboard so that he gets his point across , and he gets his lies across , ” Walsh said Wednesday on MSNBC ’s Hardball with Chris Matthews .
FireDogLake ‘s Spencer Ackerman made a racy joke on Wednesday about Allen and Cheney ’s relationship while previewing a guest post by Adam Serwer .
“ One wonders if Cheney insists on being called Mr. Wipe - Me- Down during those , um , sessions with Mike Allen , ” Ackerman wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Reading the Politico piece , ” Serwer added , “ you ’d think Cheney was just like a security analyst at a think tank or something , not a culpable figure in the very act he ’s criticizing . ”
Update II : Andrew Sullivan noted on Friday that Mike Allen ’s Wikipedia entry briefly designated him a “ stenographer . ”
Sullivan quipped that “ [ s ] omeone snuck in and wrote the truth . ”
The opening line read : “ Michael Allen ( 1964 - ) is a stenographer for the political establishment in Washington , D.C. ”
“ If there ’s any justice in the world , this will never be changed , ” remarked Glenn Greenwald on Twitter .
It has been changed back and now reads , “ Michael Allen ( 1964 - ) is the chief political writer for The Politico . ”
The page has been temporarily locked .
Nauseating ' Moldy ' Odor From Tylenol Arthritis Pain Caplets
By Daniel J. DeNoon
WebMD Health News
Reviewed By Louise Chang , MD
Dec. 29 , 2009 -- A nauseating " moldy " odor has sickened some people using Tylenol Arthritis Pain Caplet 100 - count bottles with red EZ - Open caps .
Tylenol maker McNeil PPC Inc. has recalled all of this product , which is easily recognized by its distinctive red cap .
The new recall expands a five - lot recall of the product announced last November .
McNeill says consumers reported the product had " an unusual moldy , musty , or mildew - like odor " linked to symptoms of nausea , stomach pain , vomiting , and diarrhea . "
So far , all of these health events " were temporary and non-serious , " McNeill says in a news release .
The source of the odor appears to come from the breakdown product of a chemical used to treat the wooden pallets on which the product 's packaging materials were transported and stored .
The chemical linked to the odor , 2,4,6 - tribromoanisole , is produced when fungi break down a commonly used fungicide called 2,4,6 - tribromophenol .
The full health effects of 2,4,6 - tribromoanisole are not known .
Consumers who purchased the products should immediately stop using them and contact McNeil for a refund or replacement .
McNeil can be reached on its web site or by telephone at 888-222-6036 Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern time and from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays and Sundays .
Any adverse reactions linked to the product should be reported to the FDA MedWatch program at 800 - FDA - 0178 or online at www.fda.gov/medwatch.
All of the recalled products carry the UPC # 0045-0838 - 21 and the Code # 8382100 .
The lot numbers of the recalled products are 07CMC011 , 07DMC022 , 07DMC024 , 07FMC032 , 07FMC033 , 07GMC038 , 07GMC039 , 07HMC045 , 07HMC051 , 07HMC053 , 07JMC064 , 07JMC069 , 07JMC070 , 07JMC071 , 07XMC055 , 07XMC058 , 07XMC062 , 08AMC002 , 08AMC005 , 08CMC026 , 08DMC029 , 08EMC037 , 08EMC039 , 08FMC044 , 08FMC045 , 08GMC050 , 08GMC053 , 08GMC063 , 08GMC065 , 08JMC103 , 08JMC109 , 08JMC110 , 08JMC111 , 08KMC124 , 08KMC127 , 08KMC131 , 08KMC132 , 08XMC093 , 08XMC094 , 08XMC095 , 09AMC010 , 09CMC041 , 09EMC075 , 09EMC079 , 09EMC076 , 09GMC096 , 09GMC097 , 09GMC099 , 09JMC118 , 09JMC126 , 09KMC133 , 09KMC134 , 09XMC114 , and 09XMC116 .
CONTINUE SCROLLING FOR NEXT NEWS ARTICLE
Massachusetts lawmaker who voted to raise the sales tax caught in New Hampshire avoiding the sales tax
Earlier this year Massachusetts lawmakers increased the state sales tax from 5 % to 6.25 % , an increase of 25 % .
In doing so they also pulled a fast one on Massachusetts residents .
They extended the sales tax to alcohol which was exempt from the sales tax because there is already an excise tax on alcohol in Massachusetts .
Massachusetts now has two taxes on alcohol .
Needless to say the sales tax is calculated on the full cost to the consumer meaning that part of the sales tax that Massachusetts residents are now paying on alcohol is a tax on the excise tax .
Massachusetts residents are being taxed on a tax .
One of the arguments that was used against increasing the sales tax was the fact that this would drive Massachusetts residents into New Hampshire to buy goods in order to save on the tax .
Once this new tax was applied to alcohol it was inevitable that Massachusetts residents would flock to New Hampshire to buy their booze .
New Hampshire residents are laughingly calling the increase in the Massachusetts sales tax the Massachusetts “ New Hampshire stimulus package ” and New Hampshire politicians have gone on record as thanking Deval Patrick for stimulating the New Hampshire economy .
The idea that so many Massachusetts resident would flock to New Hampshire in numbers that would neutralize the revenue intake of Massachusetts was laughed at by proponents of the sales tax increase .
Michael J. Rodrigues , a Massachusetts lawmaker who voted to increase the sales tax , was one of the people who decided that the increase in the sales tax and extension of the sales tax to alcohol was a vital and neccessary sacrifice that Massachusetts resident should make .
However just last weekend Michael J. Rodrigues was spotted pulling into a New Hampshire state liquor store , in his official Massachusetts vehicle no less , and loading up on alcohol to transport tax free back into Massachusetts .
Rodrigues claimed that he was just buying a car load of booze while making a rest area stop and blamed the uproar on Republicans .
He also blamed the brouhaha on “ Republican demagoguery . ”
“ Unfortunately , I think that ’s why the Republican Party is in such bad shape in Massachusetts , ” Rodrigues is quoted as saying .
“ The electorate here is smart enough to figure out what they ’re up to
He voted to extend the sales tax to alcohol and then he crossed state lines to avoid the tax that he supposedly feels that all Massachusetts resident should pay .
And then he has the balls to blame the very few Republicans legislators that are in Massachusetts .
I hope that he is right about one thing .
When he says that “ The electorate here is smart enough to figure out what they ’re up to ” I hope that he is right and that the voters in Massachusetts are indeed smart enough to see what is going on here .
This man is nothing but a hypocrite .
He felt that extending the sales tax to alcohol was necessary and he thought it was fair to tax the excise tax on alcohol .
He asked Massachusetts residents to sacrifice for the good of the state , the least that he could do would be to adhere to the same sacrifices that he is asking his constituents to adhere to .
Besides the hypocrisy of this man on this issue there is one more aspect to this story that I would like to write about .
Massachusetts has what they call a “ use tax ” that means that any goods that are bought by Massachusetts residents out of state that is to be used in the state of Massachusetts must be claimed on state tax returns so that the state can collect the sales tax .
This law is not enforceable and Deval Patrick took on a campaign to strong arm New Hampshire businesses to collect Massachusetts sales tax .
This was met with great dissatisfaction by all of New Hampshire politicians and New Hampshire quickly passed a law that would bar Massachusetts from infringing on the interstate commerce clause of the constitution .
And recently the Massachusetts supreme court ruled that Deval Patrick ’s attempt to infringe on state ’s rights was unconstitutional .
So I find it very interesting that the governor of Massachusetts tried to collect sales tax from New Hampshire businesses and meanwhile his own legislators are streaming over the border to avoid the sales tax that they themselves agreed to raise .
So yes , I hope that Massachusetts voters are smart enough to realize what is going on , but not in the way that Rodrigues claimed .
I hope that they are catching on to the type of duplicitous dirtbags they have elected to run their state .
If Deval Patrick ’s 20 % approval rating is any indication , the voters are finally catching on .
So what are Pittsburghers really searching for online ?
Over the past year , I have been following the idea of search a little more closely .
I know that lots of people come to IheartPGH looking for more info about Big Jim ’s
In the Run – I was a little confused by how this could be so popular because the post about Big Jim ’s is from 2006 .
Fortunately , I was sharing this story with someone who watches the Food Network and apparently there was an episode of Diners , Drive - in and Dive ’s where they visited Big Jim .
Check out the great photos of dinner at Big Jim ’s from awesome Pittsburgh food bloggers Joe and Betsy .
I have also been upgrading the search here at IheartPGH – thanks to a nifty tool called Lijit – you can now get more info from the searches and I can learn more about what the searches are about ( and the folks at Lijit are super nice too – they even fixed some formatting errors on my site ) .
But today ’s post on HyperLocal Blogger ( a great blog about local blogs ) points out the Google Zeitgeist page and the top searches by city .
Here are the top searches for Pittsburgh from the past year :
Image via Wikipedia
Pittsburgh , PA carnegie library oakland hofbrauhaus rivers casino cmu directory ccac blackboard kdka news pittsburgh cmu blackboard cmu hub parkvale online banking port authority pittsburgh
Some more reading about Google Zeitgeist … .
Driver overview
This page details support for the Intel GMA500 " Poulsbo " video hardware with Ubuntu 12.04 and higher .
Unfortunately the support for this hardware is extremely limited on Linux .
There are several drivers , but all lack certain basic features , such as future and current maintenance or support for suspend and hardware acceleration .
Currently , the best supported driver for Ubuntu is gma500_gfx .
For obsolete and unsupported drivers see GMA500 Obsolete Drivers
GMA500_GFX driver
With kernel 2.6.39 , a new psb_gfx module appeared in the kernel source developed by Alan Cox to support Poulsbo hardware .
As of kernel 3.3.rc1 the driver has left staging and been renamed gma500_gfx and is thus the default , supported driver for Ubuntu 12.04 and higher .
Starting with kernel 3.3.4 , the gma500_gfx driver works without adding any boot options .
The gma500_gfx does not ( yet ) support 3d graphics and it is unclear if it will in the future .
Live ( Desktop ) CD 12.04
The default Ubuntu 12.04 kernel works , but requires a custom boot option .
Without that option , you will either get a black screen or distortions , such as top half of the screen only .
Switch to a console - Ctrl - Alt - F1
Restart X with ' sudo service lightdm restart '
That should bring you back to a functional graphical desktop , so that you can proceed testing or installing .
Post installation
Ubuntu 12.10 +
No workarounds should be required , however , upgrading from 12.04 is not recommended because of general UI sluggishness .
Ubuntu 12.04
With the default settings , Ubuntu 12.04 boots to either a black screen or or top half screen .
There are several potential solutions : console=tty1 , disable splash , or 915 Resolution
Option 1 - console=tty1
Perhaps the easiest method is to use " console=tty1 " as a boot option .
gksudo gedit /etc/default/grub
Find the following line : GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT=" quiet splash "
Add console=tty 1 in between the quotes , the end result looking as follows
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT=" quiet splash console=tty1 "
save and exit , then update grub with
sudo update - grub
Option 2 - Disable splash
Some people find they need to disable the splash .
Essentially the same as above , just remove splash from the GRUB_CMDLINE_DEFAULT options .
Option 3 - 915 Resolution
First , you need to know what your desired resolution is .
Common netbook resolutions are 1366x768 , 1024x600 and 1024x576 .
The examples below will feature 1366x768 , but be sure to change it to the actual resolution of your screen .
Using any editor , create a file /etc / grub.d/01_915resolution , add in lines
echo insmod 915resolution echo 915resolution 58 1366 768 32
Make the file executable
sudo chmod a+x
/etc/grub.d/01_915resolution
Next , edit /etc / default / grub , assign value 1366x768x32 to variables GRUB_GFXMODE and GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD_LINUX :
GRUB_GFXPAYLOAD_LINUX=1366x768x32
Then update grub .
sudo update - grub
NOTE : some gma500 users may have to switch to a different tty and then back to tty7 even after performing the above modification to have a correct desktop .
To do this press Ctrl - Alt - F6 then press Ctrl - Alt - F7 .
The final option is to use the 12.10 kernel in 12.04 .
A higher kernel is available in backports .
Alternatively , you can try the mainline kernel :
http://packages.qa.dev.stgraber.org/qatracker/milestones/223/builds/16265/downloads
The problem with the mainline kernel is that it does not have all the Ubuntu patches ( such as Apparmor ) and is not supported ( it is provided " as is " for testing only ) .
Video Playback
Due to the lack of Hardware accelerated video playback in the gma500_gtx kernel driver , at current video playback can be very slow , it can freeze , jump and the audio and video can desynchronise , However it is possible to avoid this by using mplayer with multithreading :
Follow these instructions :
1. Install mplayer : sudo apt - get install mplayer
2. cd into the directory containing your video
3. run mplayer - lavdopts threads=4 - framedrop yourvideofile.avi
This will drop frames when needed , and use 4 threads ( You should change this depending on your Atom Processor ) meaning playing HD video is possible .
Problem solving
Most of the problems and workarounds listed are BIOS and Vendor specific .
If your hardware is not listed , you may need to experiment .
Fix suspend
If suspend does not work for you , there are various quirk options you can try .
See the manpage for pm-suspend for a list of them all .
One that has been reported to help is quirk - vbemode - restore , which saves and restores the current VESA mode .
To test it , open a terminal and use the following commands
sudo pm-suspend -- quirk - vbemode - restore
That should suspend your system .
If you are able to resume , you 'll want to configure Ubuntu to use this option every time you suspend .
To do this open a terminal and use the following commands :
gksudo gedit /etc/pm/config.d/gma500
Add in the following code and save the file :
ADD_PARAMETERS ='-- quirk - vbemode - restore '
If it is n't working yet , you can try setting your resolution from 1366x768 to 1360x768 before suspend , then back to 1366x768 after resume .
You can automate it in a script : in a terminal , type :
gksudo gedit /etc/pm/sleep.d/01_survive_modeswitch
Copy / paste the following :
#!/bin/bash case " $ 1 " in hibernate | suspend ) { xrandr -- output LVDS - 0 -- mode 1360x768 ; } ; ; thaw | resume ) { xrandr -- output LVDS - 0 --mode 1366x768 ; } ;; esac
Save and close .
Then , in the terminal :
sudo chmod a+x
/etc/pm/sleep.d/01_survive_modeswitch
Suspend and resume ; it should resume well .
Memory allocation optimization
You can often improve performance by limiting the amount of RAM used by the system so that there will be more available for the videocard :
sudo gedit /etc/ default / grub
Add the following parameters to grub configuation if you have for example 1GB RAM :
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX=" mem=896m b "
or if you have 2GB RAM :
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX=" mem=1920m b "
Update GRUB :
sudo update - grub
Brightness hotkeys
Problems with brightness keys are most often vendor and bios dependent .
Acer
sudo gedit /etc/ default / grub
Add the following parameters to grub configuration :
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX=" acpi_osi=Linux acpi_backlight=vendor "
For the Acer AO751h , try blacklisting acer_wmi .
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT=" acpi_backlight=vendor acpi_osi=Linux acer_wmi.blacklist=yes " "
Update Grub :
sudo update - grub
After adding the parameters to grub , functional keys such as wireless and volume also work .
Have xrandr ( multi- screen , color management ) work correctly
By default ( at least on 12.04 , did n't test 12.10 ) , Xorg uses the fbdev driver .
Here is what to do to use modesetting :
install xserver - xorg - video - modesetting from this ppa : https://launchpad.net/~xorg-edgers/+archive/ppa,
then :
gksudo gedit /usr / share/X11/xorg.conf.d/00-modesetting.conf
Put the following :
Section " Device " Identifier " gma500_gfx " Driver " modesetting " Option " SWCursor " " ON " EndSection
Save and close gedit , then disconnect / reconnect ( or reboot your computer ) .
Ubuntu 11.10
The default 3.0.x kernel does not work .
The linux - libre 3.3.x kernel is working .
You can obtain it from This repository
After adding the repository ,
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get install linux - image - 3.3.2-gnu-686
References
CategoryHardware
You know , Chief , this nude bomb might solve a lot of problems .
For one thing , flashers … .
And there ’d be no more trouble with concealed weapons .
I mean , if everyone were nude , there ’d be no place to hide a gun or knife .
Well , there is a place , but it could be painful .
Maxwell Smart , the redoubtable Agent 86 , finding the upside to KAOS ’s terrorist threat to destroy the world ’s clothing with its dreaded Nude Bomb . *
In an utterly predictable response to an unsuccessful attempt by a would - be Jihadist to emasculate himself in mid-air by detonating a small explosive charge ( a very small one , of course ) , the Regime is moving , slowly but inexorably , in the direction of requiring airline passengers to strip nude .
There is plentiful evidence to suggest that the same Regime acted as an accomplice — most likely a passive one — in that same failed bombing attempt .
Call it a delayed - action nude bomb : One Nigerian nutcase conceals a firecracker in his wedding tackle , and before long everybody will have to strip nude in order to fly .
Granted , the nudity would be “ virtual , ” temporary , and limited in its exposure .
Passengers would be violated one at a time by the same thoughtful people who have made a career out of rifling through other people ’s dirty underwear .
Airport security screeners have “ got to have some way of detecting things in parts of the body that are n’t easy to get at , ” insists former Homeland Security Commissar Michael Chertoff .
“ It ’s either pat - downs or imaging . ”
A third alternative is to avoid commercial aviation outright whenever possible .
I suspect an ever - larger number of Americans are going to join me in choosing what ’s behind door number three .
Government is the only human enterprise that profits from failure .
Once that principle is understood , many otherwise inexplicable choices made by ruling elites and their servants can be made intelligible .
Get Smart : The Origina ... Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 11.94 ( as of 03:40 EST - Details )
For instance , we can begin to understand the perverse persistence governments display in courting preventable catastrophes , and then capitalizing on such incidents to enhance their power to do exactly the same things that resulted in disaster .
In this case , in addition to requiring the helotry to undergo unconscionable personal violations before flying , the Regime is exploiting the incident aboard Northwest Flight 253 to escalate the ongoing military assault on Yemen , thereby increasing the human misery that helps propel international terrorism .
And so it is that the Regime — which has squandered trillions of debased dollars in the name of “ fighting terrorism ” ( hundreds of billions to build a domestic garrison state , and even greater sums to conduct wars of aggression overseas ) — will continue to do exactly the same thing following an episode that demonstrates , beyond serious dispute , that the “ war on terror ” has done exactly nothing to make Americans safer .
While it ’s not clear that the flight was in mortal danger , it is clear that the plot failed because a detonator failed to ignite , and a group of passengers shed the shackles of government - imposed docility to subdue the terrorist suspect .
The attempt to massacre the passengers of Flight 253 was stopped without the Regime ’s help — and in spite of what has to be considered , at very best , the Regime ’s criminal negligence .
Owing to what must have been an anguished report from his father , Umar Abdulmutallab was known to the CIA and the State Department as a potential terrorist .
Umar Abdulutallab the elder , a banking official from Nigeria , met personally with CIA officials to express concerns that his son — who had gone to Yemen for the supposed purpose of studying Arabic — was falling into the company of suspected terrorists .
U.S. officials took this valuable intelligence and promptly buried Abdulmutallab ’s name in an official database .
Yet it was not placed on the official “ no - fly list ” ; apparently , that status is reserved for people who make themselves troublesome to the Executive Branch without actually posing a threat to innocent people .
Additional layers of official negligence were revealed by a passenger named Kurt Haskell , who was next to Abdumutallab as the would - be bomber checked in at the airport in Amsterdam :
“ An Indian man in a nicely dressed suit around age 50 approached the check in counter with the terrorist and said ` This man needs to get on this flight and he has no passport . ’
The two of them were an odd pair as the terrorist is a short , black man that looked like he was very poor and looks around age 17 ( although I think he is 23 he does n’t look it ) .
It did not cross my mind that they were terrorists , only that the two looked weird together .
The ticket taker said `you ca n’t board without a passport . ’
The Indian man then replied , ` He is from Sudan , we do this all the time . ’
I can only take from this to mean that it is difficult to get passports from Sudan and this was some sort of sympathy ploy .
The ticket taker then said ` You will have to talk to my manager , ’ and sent the two down a hallway .
I never saw the Indian man again as he was n’t on the flight .
It was also weird that the terrorist never said a word in this exchange .
Anyway , somehow , the terrorist still made it onto the plane .
I am not sure if it was a bribe or just sympathy from the security manager . ”
Haskell also says that he stood a few yards away from another Indian man who was handcuffed and held in customs “ after a bomb sniffing dog detected a bomb in his carry on bag and he was searched after we landed .
This was later confirmed while we were in customs when an FBI agent said to us ` You are being moved to another area because this area is not safe .
Read between the lines .
Some of you saw what just happened .’….
What also did n’t make the news is that we were held on the plane for 20 minutes AFTER IT LANDED !
A bomb could have gone off then .
This was n’t too smart of security to not let us off the plane immediately . ”
Assuming that Haskell ’s account is correct , Abdulmutallab received some variety of official help to board the plane , and was apparently part of a team of bombers .
The reported connection to India is of particular interest , given a growing dispute between Mumbai and Washington over a Pakistani - born U.S. citizen allegedly involved in the 2008 terrorist rampage at the Taj Mahal Hotel that left 166 people dead .
David Headley ( formerly Daood Syed Ginlani ; he changed his name in 2006 ) moved from Pakistan to Philadelphia in 1977 .
After being convicted of heroin smuggling in 1998 , Ginlani served 15 months before agreeing to work as an informant for the DEA .
Indian officials believe that Headley / Ginlani was working for the federal government — the CIA and FBI , in addition to the DEA — up until last October , when he was arrested in Chicago .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
Indian officials accuse Headley of working with Pakistan ’s ISI intelligence agency in coordinating the Taj Mahal Hotel assault .
They also assert that in a return trip to India last March , Headley cased potential targets for another terrorist attack by the Lashkar - e - Taiba ( “ Army of the Pure ” ) , a Pakistani terrorist group .
Indian officials are desperate to question Headley , but Washington refuses to grant access .
After wading in the tenebrous waters of the global “ intelligence community , ” brief recap is appropriate here :
The CIA was informed that Abdumutallab was a potential terrorist .
Yet he was n’t put on the “ no - fly list , ” and was even permitted to board a U.S. - bound plane without a passport .
The individual who reportedly shepherded the bomber aboard the plane was a well - dressed , official - looking fellow from India .
After Flight 253 landed in Detroit , a second individual from India was arrested after a bomb was detected in his luggage .
All of this happens a little more than a year after India suffered an horrific terrorist attack in which ( according to both U.S. and Indian intelligence officials ) an American intelligence asset named David Headley was implicated .
Headley is in the custody of the government that employed him as an informant , and which now refuses to permit investigators representing a supposed ally to interrogate him .
Those of a cynical cast of mind might wonder if RAW ( the Research and Analysis Wing , India ’s CIA ) helped Abdumutallab hitch a ride on Flight 253 in order to send a message to Langley .
Those whose cynicism is a bit riper might wonder if the boys at Langley had become aware of the plot involving Abdumutallab and permitted it to go forward in the service of Washington ’s agenda — which includes escalating a previously covert military campaign in Yemen , the country where the jockstrap bomber reportedly was tutored in terrorism by al - Qaeda .
Remember :
No matter how cynical one becomes , it ’s never quite enough to keep up with our rulers .
Whenever somebody ventures into conspiratorial speculation of this kind he can expect a reminder from the bien - pensants that government is too inept to carry out secret schemes of such detail and complexity .
Dismissive arguments of that kind generally come from people who are quite convinced of the ability of that same incompetent government to carry out very challenging undertakings , such as running a nationalized health - care system , or creating western - style democracy in Iraq .
While it is true that government is incurably incompetent with respect to any genuinely worthwhile productive enterprise , it is an astonishingly efficient engine of plunder and destruction .
However useless the CIA and its kindred agencies may be in collecting and analyzing reliable intelligence , they display considerable gifts when it comes to arranging politically useful mischief .
One useful case study that bears more than a passing resemblance to the abortive bombing of Flight 253 is the plot to carry out a bombing rampage in New York City following the first World Trade Center attack in 1993 .
Omar Abdel - Rahman , the radical Egyptian mullah who was convicted in 1996 of inspiring and giving direction to that plot , became a CIA asset in 1987 , despite the fact that he was on a State Department terrorist “ watch list . ”
The Road to 9/11 : Weal ...
Scott , Peter Dale Best Price : $ 4.42 Buy New $ 19.52 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
Abdel - Rahman ’s role was to recruit mujahadeen to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan , and to act as a cut - out to provide them with financial and material aid .
He remained on the CIA ’s payroll after the Red Army left Afghanistan in January 1989 .
In 1990 , Abdel - Rahman obtained a visa to travel to the United States — once again , despite the fact that his name was on a “ watch list . ”
It was his monumental good fortune to apply for that visa at the U.S. consulate in Khartoum while the official who usually handles such details was out to lunch ; that official ’s replacement was a CIA operative .
Abdel - Rahman ’s relocation to Brooklyn was arranged by a small knot of radicals who included at least two people who were on Washington ’s payroll : Mahmoud Abouhalima , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood ( the taproot of modern Islamic terrorism and — not surprisingly — a major beneficiary of CIA largesse ) who had been part of a CIA - sponsored mujahadeen group in Afghanistan ; and former Special Forces Captain Ali A. Mohammed , an Egyptian - born member of Islamic Jihad who had recruited and trained Muslim warriors to fight in Afghanistan .
Mohammed , it was later revealed , also worked as an informant for the FBI .
It ’s not clear if he was on the Bureau ’s payroll at the time of the 1993 WTC bombing .
If so , that means that there were two FBI assets within that cell — Mohammed and an Egyptian intelligence agent named Emad Salem .
Although the January 1993 WTC bombing failed to achieve its objective — which was to collapse one of the towers into the other , creating a domino effect that would have slaughtered thousands — the assault did kill several people and injure hundreds more .
Salem , who secretly recorded many of his conversations with his FBI handlers , later revealed that the FBI had detailed prior knowledge of that plot and had promised him that the WTC bomb would secretly be rendered inert before it was used .
“ You saw this bomb went off … and you know that we could avoid that , ” Salem rebuked FBI special agent John Anticev following the blast .
“ You get paid , guys , to prevent things like this from happening . ”
How many federal assets does it take to build a terrorist bomb ?
There are at least two in this picture .
One of them , Egyptian intelligence agent / FBI informant Emad Salem , is the figure in green with his back to the camera .
After the bombing , the FBI inserted Salem into the cell once again .
In that capacity he helped create a “ battle plan ” that targeted various official buildings in New York City , as well as the Holland and London tunnels .
On June 23 , 1993 , FBI agents arrested the plotters as they were mixing fertilizer and diesel fuel to build another bomb .
This story ( which I have recounted in greater detail elsewhere ) took a really interesting turn just shortly before Abdel - Rahman ’s trial .
Ali Mohammed , who played a central role in the first WTC attack , was listed as an “ un- indicted co-conspirator ” with Abdel - Rahman .
Roger Stavis , the attorney for indicted co-conspirator El Sayyd Nosair , attempted without success to deliver a subpoena to Mohammed as a defense witness .
Mohammed — who was in federal custody — did n’t answer the summons , despite the fact that the prosecution knew where he was and was in contact with him .
In March 2001 , Mohammed pleaded guilty — in exchange for “ considerations ” — to charges arising from the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , which killed 258 people .
He then promptly disappeared without being sentenced .
He is nowhere to be found in the U.S. prison system .
Intelligence analyst J.M. Berger , publisher of the valuable Intelwire news service , points out that U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald , who was considered the Justice Department ’s “ top gun ” on al - Qaeda , regarded Mohammed as the architect of “ al Qaeda ’s terrorist infrastructure in the U.S. ”
On the basis of his extensive study of the available evidence , Berger concludes that Mohammed “ called the shots ” on the 1993 WTC bombing — the man behind Ramzi Yousef , the individual convicted of building the bomb — and was the most important organizer of the network behind the 9/11 assault .
And Mohammed — a former U.S. Special Forces sergeant and FBI asset — is being protected by the Regime to this day .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Many serious and sober people believe that the accepted narrative of the 9/11 atrocities is entirely fictitious .
But in light of the role played by veteran U.S. asset Ali Mohammed , it ’s incontestable that the attack was , in some sense , an “ inside job ” even if one accepts the standard “ nineteen Muslims armed with boxcutters ” version of the event .
According to the Regime , Abdulmuttab is telling his interrogators that there are many more mad bombers in the pipeline .
This is probably true , and it ’s likely that at least some , if not most , of them have cashed checks written by the same people who hired the likes of Adbel - Rahman and Ali Mohammed .
False - flag terrorism is among the oldest tricks in the intelligence playbook .
It has been an official option of the military - industrial - homeland security complex since 1962 , when General Lyman Louis Lemnitzer , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , filed the “ Operation Northwoods ” memorandum outlining various elaborate schemes to stage terrorist attacks against Americans as pretexts for war .
It ’s doubtful that this side of eternity we ’ll ever learn the full truth about 9/11 or the first World Trade Center bombing .
But we have learned enough from those atrocities , as well as subsequent episodes of what Lew Rockwell aptly calls “ security theater , ” to justify suspicions that the Christmas drama about Flight 253 was another example of what Maxwell Smart , the patron saint of self - important spooks , would call the old “ False - Flag Trick . ”
* Yes , I ’m aware that this quote comes from the dismal , vulgar , and lifeless 1980 film The Nude Bomb , which discerning Smartians consider apocryphal at best .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
· providing nearly $ 42 billion to improve our nation 's aging highway system which means construction jobs ;
· making a $ 1.4 billion investment in training and support services for workers that have faced mass layoffs during the recession ;
· providing increased funding for several small business programs so they can help lead us out of this recession
In fact , yesterday they did .
When H.R. 3288 , an appropriations bill with employment stimulus in mind , came up for a vote , every single Republican -- as expected -- voted against it .
But so did 28 Democrats , including many of the ones most likely -- and most deserving -- to lose their re-election bids next year .
The aisle - crossing " No " votes : John Adler ( NJ ) Brian Baird ( WA ) Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) Chris Carney ( Blue Dog - PA ) Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) Jerry Costello ( IL ) Kathy Dahlkemper ( Blue Dog - PA ) Joe Donnelly ( Blue Dog - IN ) Steve Driehaus ( Anti-choice - OH ) Brad Ellsworth ( Blue Dog - IN ) Bart Gordon ( Blue Dog - TN ) Ron Kind ( WI ) Frank Kratovil ( Blue Dog - MD ) Dennis Kucinich ( OH ) Dan Lipinski ( Anti-choice - TN / IL ) Jim Marshall ( Blue Dog - GA ) Jim Matheson ( Blue Dog - UT ) Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog - LA ) Walt Minnick ( Blue Dog - ID ) Harry Mitchell ( Blue Dog - AZ ) Bill Owens ( NY ) Collin Peterson ( Blue Dog - MN ) Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog - NC ) Ike Skelton ( MO ) Bart Stupak ( Anti-choice - MI ) John Tanner ( Blue Dog - TN ) Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) A more progressive freshman -- and one , unlike these mangy corporate owned Blue Dogs , with impeccable ethics -- is Eric Massa ( D - NY ) who explained to his constituents why he voted for the bill .
" Creating jobs is my highest priority which is why I 'm proud to have voted for this fiscally responsible bill designed to help get struggling Americans back to work .
By making meaningful investments in our infrastructure , job training and small business programs , we are working to improve our economy ...
Omnibus bills like this are always difficult to vote on because you can't vote no on the specific programs you do n't like and yes on the ones you do -- you just get to vote yes or no .
Overall however , this bill makes important investments in our economy and earned my vote . "
He went on to point out that there were three ways it was specifically targeting increased employment opportunities : Nothing Republicans or obsessed , corrupt Blue Dogs like Bobby Bright , Travis Childers and Walt Minnick care a whit about .
Losing them on this vote did n't prevent the bill from sailing through yesterday .
Having them inside the Democratic caucus is actually very destructuve since they are forever doing the work of the reactionaries and the special interests from within , moving the caucus and the caucus ' legislative initiatives further and further away from helping ordinary working families achive their aspirations .
A Congress without men like Bobby Bright , Travis Childers and Walt Minnick will be a far more progressive Congress even if they 're replaced by Republicans who are tangentially worse than they are .
In the current congressional year , these 3 Blue Dogs have ProgressivePunch scores ( on substantive votes ) of , respectively , 22.64 , 16.98 and 26.42 .
Parker Griffith and Gene Taylor actually have even worse scores and some of them score worse than a handful of Republicans !
But let 's put it like this , these Blue Dogs are three or four times more likely to vote with Joe Wilson , Mike Pence , Michele Bachmann and Virginia Foxx than with Nancy Pelosi , Raul Grijalva , Henry Waxman or even a moderate like Bruce Braley or Loretta Sanchez ( also a Blue Dog ) .
Labels : 2010 congressional races , Blue Dogs , Eric Massa , reactionary Democrats
Jesus Christ was called for jury duty this week in Jefferson County .
Court officials were skeptical at first when on Monday a potential juror submitted a name change form with " Jesus Christ " on it .
But the 59 - year - old Birmingham woman , who previously went by Dorothy Lola Killingworth , assured the presiding judge that was her name .
" It raised eyebrows , so I asked her if that were truly her name , " Circuit Court Judge Scott Vowell said .
" She assured me that it was .
She had her name changed in the Probate Court , and she presented her driver 's license . "
Christ was sent to Judge Clyde Jones 's courtroom for a criminal case .
She was excused because she was disruptive , court officials said .
Instead of answering questions , she was asking them , a court employee in Jones 's office said .
Efforts to reach Christ today were unsuccessful .
Court administrator Sandra Turner said she and others in the jury assembly room were somewhat shocked at first when the woman insisted Christ was her name .
And when her name was called , several potential jurors laughed out loud .
Unlike some Jefferson County residents , Christ did not try to get out of jury duty , Turner said .
" She was perfectly happy to serve , " said Turner .
DAModder
A replacement for DAUpdater — and more !
Update : DAModder has been released !
Read below for more information .
DAModder is designed as a full replacement for Bioware ’s “ DAUpdater ” program .
DAUpdater is designed for players to easily install Bioware ’s DLC content , and is available to be used to install 3rd party modules as well .
However , while DAUpdater is a nice little utility , it does n’t work well enough as a full mod installer .
DAUpdater ’s main flaw is that it does not have the ability to un-install mods .
In addition , as modders have become more experienced and mods have gotten more complex , several additional issues have surfaced .
Some mods need to install files into the games main “ core ” override , yet DAUpdater ca n’t do this .
Also some mods are now actually configurable by the player , but this currently requires hand editing of an INI file .
DAModder was designed to address all these issues in one easy to use , solid installer , designed for both players and builders .
For Players
Easy installation of all mod types
Easy un-installation of all installed mods , even those installed by DAUpdater
Quick access to mod information
Easy to use graphical UI for configuration of mods that support configuration through DragonAge.ini
Robust & secure backup system to protect your game files and settings
Localization display mod data in your native language when available
For Builders
Easy packaging of mods for release — in a format that can be used either with DAModder or DAUpdater
If your mod is configurable through DragonAge.ini , you can easily setup configuration options for the player
Automatic creation of readme files if desired , with information pulled directly from toolset data , makes for less work come packaging time
Beta Update & Release Information
DAModder is now in Open Beta and is available in two versions .
The Stable version is available for download on Dragon Age Nexus , and is the most polished version .
If you just want to use DAModder and do n’t care about helping to test new features , then this is the version for you .
The Open Beta version is available on the DAModder Support Site , where the beta is managed , and is the version updated most often .
New features will be introduced into the Open Beta version first , and then migrate to the Stable version over time .
You choose which version is best for you .
In either case , if you download and like DAModder , please consider Endorsing it on Dragon Age Nexus , as well as voting for it as the file of the month .
You will need to actually download the file from Nexus before it will let you do this .
How Much Does It Cost ?
DAModder is free , and always remain free .
It is released as “ Donation Ware ” , which means you are free to use it forever without paying a cent , but if you like the program and think its a great tool that is worth a few dollars , please consider donating to Beyond Ferelden to support this site , bandwidth costs , and to encourage continued development of all the great toys I make here 🙂
Special thanks to Alexspeed for the banner , and to all the closed beta testers who really helped iron out all the bugs .
Thanks gang !
( PEOPLE.com ) -- Jamie - Lynn Sigler and her boyfriend , " Entourage " actor Jerry Ferrara , have called it quits , PEOPLE has learned .
Sigler , 28 , and Ferrara , 30 , met on the Entourage set in 2008 when Sigler joined the HBO comedy as a guest star -- playing the on - screen love interest of Ferrara 's character , Turtle .
They soon became a couple in real life , too .
" They 're busy with their careers , and she in particular has a couple of movies out in 2010 , and others in the works for 2011 , so it 's just tough , " a source who knows the couple told PEOPLE .
" It 's ironic , because in the recent season finale of ' Entourage , ' Jamie tells Turtle that she has to go to New Zealand to shoot a movie , and it causes problems , so it 's ironic but that 's what their lives are like . "
Sigler is best known for playing Meadow Soprano on HBO 's " The Sopranos " from 1999 until 2007 .
In 2003 , she married her then - agent , A.J. DiScala .
They split in 2005 .
Most recently , she 's been seen in the ABC sitcom " Ugly Betty . "
© 2011 People and Time Inc .
All rights reserved .
Short Chat Server in Clojure
After seeing a neat little demo of a chat server in node .js , I wondered exactly what it ’d look like to try and do something similar in my latest linguistic fling , Clojure .
I was surprised at how quickly I could code it up ( all in all , about 2 hours with numerous interruptions ) and how simple it actually was .
First the code , then I ’ll talk about it a bit :
So in 75 lines we have a chat server with rooms , and I think the code is short , clear and compartmentalized .
The first segment is only about 16 lines , but it provides a robust framework for synchronized membership and asynchronous output to other connections .
Really , that was the easiest part of the whole program .
I thought maybe the node .js server would have an advantage because of it ’s ( very cool ) integrated event - based I / O system , which has a huge advantage for this sort of thing .
But I was pleasantly surprised by how powerful and well - chosen Clojure ’s built - in primitives are .
Agents , in particular , are a clever way to model asynchronous objects that self - update their state based on outside input .
It ’s a very natural way to bring some erlang - ish goodness into the imperative world .
But what ’s really cool about this is that I could easily drop into Java libraries at any time .
If I wanted to bring in Netty or integrate Java ’s SSL libraries , it ’d be a relatively simple matter , all while still within clojure .
You can see the whole project at github .
Posted by alicia on 14 Jan 2010 / 0 Comment
Something decidedly medieval is in the air in Saudi Arabia .
Fears of black magic and curses cast by Indonesian domestic helpers have spread across the country , and Saudi employers increasingly feel the need to hire private investigators to check their domestic workers for suspicious behavior and evidence for witchcraft .
Investigators , mostly foreign women from neighboring countries , are paid to search for photographs , hair , or clothes belonging to the employers before the domestic helpers are repatriated , reports Arab News .
The employers do not do this themselves because they feel it is immoral and something Islam prevents them to do .
This is a strange story , worthy of trashy tabloids and supernatural fiction .
But clearly , superstition is a habit that dies hard , often with dire consequences .
There is no mention in the report about the rampant abuse of migrant domestic workers by Saudi employers , but I assume that that is the long running back story that needs no introduction .
Abuse of domestic workers ranges from emotional and physical abuse to rape , slavery , and even murder .
There is very little sense or a trace of rationality to fear domestic workers for practicing black magic unless one ’s judgment is clouded by xenophobia and the normalization of the dehumanization of working - class foreigners .
Even the Saudi religious police , the mutawa , have become self - styled witch - hunters , lacking only a burning stake in the middle of a city square to complete the image in a country where witchcraft is illegal and punishable by death .
But stories of black magic do not just arise out of thin air .
They are a byproduct of a larger economic and political structure that renders migrant workers vulnerable to xenophobic and racist attacks .
The U.N. research institute for social development has identified three aspects attributable to the heightened xenophobia in the Middle East .
First , a preference for a temporary contract labor .
Second , discriminatory employment practices and the special “ allocation ” for menial jobs for migrant workers ; and finally , a culture of disdain towards those who are visibly different .
Abuse of every despicable kind is by no means limited to Saudi households , but is also widespread in where I come from , Malaysia .
High - profile cases involving horrific abuse of domestic helpers grabbing international attention in the last ten years have hardly left a dent on the conscience of many Malaysians .
Having been brought up for a number of years with a domestic helper at home while both my parents went to work , it is an accepted way of life for a significant proportion of Malaysians .
Domestic helpers provide huge relief for double income families , and many became part of the family , joining in on holidays and included in family portraits .
Muslim Indonesian maids are preferred in most Muslim households for a variety of reasons , food preparation and religious sensitivity among them , but they are also some of the most badly treated .
Filipino workers , who majority are Christians on the other hand , suffer lower rates of abuse because arguably , they are better protected : thanks to government lobbying , Filipino migrant workers are paid better than their Indonesian counterparts , and in places like Jordan , bans have been imposed on potential employers to receive Filipino domestic helpers due to reports of abuse .
They are also a smaller group compared to Indonesian female migrant workers .
Most Filipino maids are older than Indonesian workers , better educated and skilled .
But this is not about numbers–cases of abuse no matter how high or isolated deserves the attention and effective action .
It ’s difficult to piece together the macro structures such as the economy , world poverty , and immigration policies with attitudes of ordinary families toward domestic helpers to fully understand what brings people to commit inhuman acts on other human beings .
I often wonder if whether having a person contracted to live under one ’s roof has anything to do with it .
Bringing in someone to cook , clean your clothes , look after the children and / or elderly relatives must involve a tricky negotiation over privacy and other practical matters included in having another person under the same roof .
Perhaps there ’s very little in terms of a middle way between welcoming a domestic helper as a new member of the family or simply as a stranger in the home .
If the case is the latter , then life at home must be uncomfortable not just for the employers and their family , but particularly for the domestic workers who ’ve travelled far from home to find a better life .
Is this an effect of our changing values vis -a - vis a rapidly changing urban landscape where increased contact with “ the outside world ” through immigration and migration has become inevitable and unsettling for many ?
To remove adhesive from skin , wash affected area with warm , soapy water ( may take several applications ) .
Be very cautious in gently peeling the skin apart as in removing a bandage from the skin ; pulling the skin apart may rip it .
Acetone is also effective in the removal of Super Glue from skin .
Often found in household nail polish remover , a small amount on the end of a cotton swab applied directly to the glue should dissolve the bond without damaging the skin .
Be careful – straight acetone will discolor several fabrics and can mar the finish of laminated wood .
Pure Acetone dehydrates the skin ; wash with soap and water after use and apply hand lotion to replenish the skin and remove any dryness effects .
Use acetone sparingly and cautiously with these tips in the following situations :
Clothing / Fabrics
Use acetone and an old toothbrush , reapplying the acetone several times and brushing to remove it layer - by - layer .
Work on outside and then on inside .
May not come off entirely .
Counters , tables , floors , etc .
Use acetone to soften glue and then start working at the glue .
Brush , scrape , shave , peel , sand or whatever mechanical means is available to work the glue off .
Reapply acetone and continue to work at the glue .
The best suggestion is to properly cover your work area with metal foil before use – and always work with Super Glue and other adhesives in a well - ventilated area !
United Nations & International Action Network on Small Arms Plotting to Tear Down the 2nd Amendment & Take Away Our Guns
Never heard or IANSA ?
Well get ready they have already succeed banning guns in the UK and the AU .
FAIRFAX , VIRGINIA –-( AmmoLand.com ) - NRA News ' investigative reporter Ginny Simone takes a look at the global gun control goals of the United Nations .
By pushing for a binding international treaty aimed at superseding the U.S. Constitution , the United Nations is committed to rendering Americans ' Second Amendment rights to own a firearm meaningless .
Simone interviews past and current U.N. officials and politicians and examines the debates at the United Nations Small Arms Summit to expose the international anti-gun agenda .
View the video above or follow this link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDMeDmV0ufU
What is IANSA ?
International Action Network on Small Arms says they are “ The International Action Network on Small Arms ( IANSA ) is the global movement against gun violence – a network of 800 civil society organizations working in 120 countries to stop the proliferation and misuse of small arms and light weapons ( SALW ) . ”
What they really are is a well organized , well funded group of anti-gun partner organizations , including the Brady Campaign ” from around the world , funded by governments that hate and fear the freedoms of the USA .
IANSA has one goal …. to take a way the right of free Americans to own guns .
About :
Established in 1871 , the National Rifle Association is America ’s oldest civil rights and sportsmen ’s group .
Four million members strong , NRA continues its mission to uphold Second Amendment rights and to advocate enforcement of existing laws against violent offenders to reduce crime .
The Association remains the nation ’s leader in firearm education and training for law - abiding gun owners , law enforcement and the military .
Starting with the scandalous pulling of the AMD Phenom 9700 from store shelves and the delay of the 9600 and 9500 series CPU , AMD has taken nothing but flak for the TLB errata in its B2 stepping Quad core processors , found in both the Phenom desktop and Opteron server lines .
Completely squashing any hopes of a successful launch for the companies first ever Quad CPU , AMD was quick to release a fix to its customers “ The Translation Lookaside Buffer ( TLB ) errata is an L3 protocol issue causing a system hang when running certain client workload applications independent of platform .
AMD is immediately introducing an updated BIOS which will correct the TLB errata ” ( Statement released Nov 18th 2007 ) ; partners received updated code for motherboard BIOS ’s and the launch went ahead .
However , it was soon discovered that the TLB bandaid had a severe impact on system performance .
Users noticed performance losses upwards of 30 % in certain applications .
As a side note , the TLB “ bug ” , when not properly patched , runs the chance of causing the system to hang or reset when a combination of certain functions or stressors on the CPU is met .
It is not a guaranteed failure , but chances are greatly increased when running above certain clock speeds and all cores fully loaded .
While this may pose as a mere nuisance for desktop users , for companies running multiple CPU ’s in a server environment , exploiting this bug had the potential to be disastrous .
So options were limited - enable the fix and take a hit in performance , or disable and run the risk of crashing at the most inopportune time ; either way , at least you had the option .
There are two primary ways of which to go about disabling the fix .
The first and most common being through the motherboard ’s BIOS .
Manufacturers generally include an enable or disable feature , commonly found in the hidden options menu of the BIOS .
The second is using “ AMD OverDrive ” , a program provided by AMD to allow users to overclock and monitor their CPU ’s from within an OS environment .
This includes a “ green light ” feature .
When the TLB patch / fix is enabled the light shows green .
In order to disable it ( if not done through the BIOS ) one merely has to click the light until it shows as green , encircled by a yellow ring .
There is also a red ring function , but it is said this status , while disabling the patch , also completely does away with power saving features and forces increased performance ; this in turn equates to higher power consumption and higher temperatures .
Between these two options , most consumers were able to easily choose the patch state .
March 18 , 2008 , heralded the coming of the toted savoir of Microsoft ’s Windows Vista .
Service Pack 1 was expected to fulfill everyone ’s gripes and laments about the perceived “ failing ” operating system .
While it did n’t completely fulfill its expected role , SP1 did include many performance improvements as well as more basic drivers and , for the most part , was a well received patch .
Fast forward a couple weeks , AMD users applying the patch have noticed severe slow downs in their systems .
For a patch that was intended to improve performance – this sure is n’t doing it , in fact it has almost made it worse .
One person in particular ( yours truly ) had tried virtually every method possible after installing Windows Vista Ultimate X64 with slipstreamed SP1 update to get the system to achieve gaming frame rates above an aging Intel E4300 with a single ATI 3870 video card .
As a note , the system in question is a fresh build
AMD Phenom 9600BE ,
Asus M3A32 - MVP
Deluxe ,
4GB of Ram
ATI Radeon 3870 512MB in Crossfire .
Hours of scouring the empty space of the internet revealed nothing .
Tips , tricks and tweaks are all applied : manually setting timings and voltages for every option in the BIOS , forcing PCI - E slots to 16X speed , testing with two alternate 790FX motherboards , different ATI and nVidia based graphics card , numerous reinstalls , driver rollbacks , the works .
After the 16th reworking of Google keywords , by fluke I happened upon a discussion between AMD enthusiast who had deduced a rather startling fact – Microsoft , in their infinite wisdom and without informing users , had chosen with Vista SP1 , to arbitrarily over ride user ’s BIOS settings in regards to the TLB fix .
Manually disabled or not , SP1 WILL set the TLB fix to enabled on your system dramatically hurting performance .
This is also true of the AOD ( AMD OverDrive ) utility , even when set to disabled ( yellow ring ) , the TLB fix setting is forced to enabled by SP1 code .
This was quickly confirmed by getting my hands on an original Windows Vista Ultimate CD and reinstalling from scratch .
Both shocked and relieved , I found that scores and frames were completely on par with what was expected and re-enabling the TLB Patch in the bios showed scores in conjunction with what was being seen with SP1 .
Now that the problem had been revealed , the question was ; how to solve it ?
Fortunately as the forum discussion progressed a solution was found that had worked for a few members .
The rescuer was “ Sam2008 ” of “ The Rebels Haven ” who had earlier developed a program that worked jointly with CrystalCPUID , a popular system CPU utility which shows processor information , in order to quickly and easily disable the TLB
Fix for those who were not given a BIOS option to do so .
This fix also functioned with Vista ’s SP1 and as luck would have it has been the only method I have found which has the ability to override the override .
A quick 20 second launch , benchmarks and games soared .
While admittedly it is an annoyance , having to launch the program at startup every time ( it does not permanently fix the code ) , a small addition of the program to your automatic system startup routine resolves the grievance and makes the disabling virtually seamless .
Now the question remains as to why ?
Conspiracies have been thrown around about the close relationship between Microsoft and Intel out to destroy AMD in their currently wavering state .
However , the more logical explanation may be that perhaps Microsoft was concerned about the lockups and hang - ups being blamed on faulty code within it ’s OS rather than the true source – AMD and chose to proactively eliminate the chance for any potential problems .
However it seems to have been done in a very hush manner without Microsoft or AMD informing end users about the move and thus leading to some very frustrated users .
It has also been rumored that the upcoming release of Windows XP Service Pack 3 may also have this lock embedded , but this has been neither confirmed nor denied , still however , one may want to be a little wary .
BEFORE : Windows Vista SP1 w/ TLB Patch Locked ( disabled in BIOS ) ( 3DMark06 v1.1.0 )
AFTER : Windows Vista SP1 w/ TLB fix disabled via TLB_Disable Application ( 3DMark06 v1.1.0 )
WinRar 3.71 SP1 w/ TLB locked
WinRar 3.71 SP1 w/ TLB disabled by Application
​
Crysis 1.2.1
With full credit to Sam2008 the following instructions are how to dig yourself out of the mire .
Programs to download :
http://crystalmark.info/software/CrystalCPUID/index-e.html
)
** Be sure to download the 32bit version of CrystalCPUID .
Extract CrystalCPUID to a folder on the desktop or somewhere easily accessible
Extract TLB Disable
Tool into the same folder a CCPUID
Launch “ TLB_Disable.exe ” in Administrator Mode
The tool should display this message if properly applied .
( Aberdeen , SCOTLAND ) – Big BrewDog update !
First , 5 am Saint has received TTB label approval and will be shipped over to the U.S. in 2010 .
Also , there is good news for U.S. beer fans who want to try Tactical Nuclear Penguin as a Florida - based beer distribution rep in the RateBeer thread says that batch 3 will be imported to the U.S. around March .
Here is the 5 am label transcription : “ 5 am Saint is the Holy Grail of red ales .
We live in a world of disposable deities .
Someone , somehow has managed to press that big , flashing moronic override button and we ’re hard - wired straight into the pockets of false idols trying to make a quick buck .
Sadly , for a lot of people the same mentality applies to beer .
Constrained by lack of choice .
Seduced by the monolithic , corporate brewers huge advertising budgets .
Brain - washed by vindictive lies perpetrated with the veracity of pseudo - propaganda .
You ca n’t help but be sucked down the rabbit hole .
At BrewDog we are on a mission to open as many people ’s eyes as possible .
Cast away any aspersions and let the crook of BrewDog be your guide in a whirlwind of conformity and mediocrity . ”
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
[ 12/9 Update : James Watt from BrewDog has issued his opinion on the issue and comments resulting from the email on Beer Advocate .
The original thread has been locked and will be deleted next Tuesday . ]
On the Tactical Nuclear Penguin front , there is word that the first batch could be dangerous .
Someone on Beer Advocate posted the following email sent from the brewery .
I can only speculate that the discount mentioned below might be no good at some point as its been made very public , maybe too public .
The first two batches have been sold out though the third might come to the U.S. as mentioned before .
Cross your fingers .
Here is a copy of the posted email :
“ Important Safety Notice
* This notice only applies to people who have bought TNP before 1730 on 27th November *
Thanks for buying a bottle of Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
You must keep this beer refrigerated .
Do not store this beer at room temperature .
Due to the high strength of this beer , viscosity of the liquid , the slow speed we filled , some at the fill heights were very , very fill on our bottling line .
Additionally the foam was so thick it condensed to liquid .
Consequently some of the bottles have practically zero headspace .
Tests in our laboratory have shown that there is a very small risk that these bottles may pop their cap or explode if exposed to heat , warm conditions or periods at room temperature .
Therefore to eliminate this tiny risk you absolutely have to keep this beer in a fridge until you decide the time is right to drink it .
We apologize for any inconvenience caused but penguins will be happier in your refrigerator anyway .
We realize that many of you may have bought them for Christmas gifts however you must keep these bottles refrigerated or in cold conditions such as a cold cellar otherwise there is a small chance they may either blow their cap off or smash .
Do not put them under the Christmas tree .
Keep them in the fridge !
Do not store this beer at room temperature .
There will be absolutely no issues at all if your bottle is kept chilled or in cold conditions .
To make up for any inconvenience caused we have a 30 % discount code for you to use anytime over the next 3 months : PENGUIN
All other bottling , including those bought after the 27th of November will have fill heights adjusted to remove any anomaly here .
Best Regards
James Watt
Managing Director
BrewDog ”
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
U.S. beer distributors and stores interested in getting their hands on TNP or 5 am Saint should probably contact Preiss Imports .
Yachts are luxurious vessels that are associated with the affluent .
Most of the rich and famous have one .
It is a status symbol .
The French have a reputation for building the most luxurious models .
One of the most established companies in this industry is the Chantier Naval Couach ( CNC ) , which has been in operation since 1895 .
It is currently modernizing its workshops and industrial tools .
These modernization efforts will assist it meet the current and ever changing demands of its clientele .
Its main shipping yard is on the Atlantic coast overlooking the Bassin d’Arcachon in France .
It specializes in building super and mega yachts of varying dimensions .
Its target clientele are the elite of society who order custom - made yachts .
They offer top of the range products without compromising security in any way .
In an effort to interact with their clients in a greater extent , they have opened an agency and a show room on the port of Cannes .
Their clients now have an opportunity to experience the process of making an excellent yacht from scratch to finish .
Currently CNC are collaborating with the world famous interior designer Jean Pierre Fantini to make a Super yacht Couach 5000 Fly .
JP Fantini is a well - known design brand having been in the industry for the last 15 years operating from the port of Cannes .
They are building two units of this model .
The first super yacht will be ready in the month of March 2011 .
This yacht is made to very high standards .
The superstructure of the entire vessel is reinforced with glass Kevlar carbon .
It is the first such yacht to be built entirely with this material .
Kevlar carbon facilitates the yacht to reach speeds of 30 - knots .
It can also cruise at 12 knots over a transatlantic range of 4000 nautical miles .
Two engines manufactured by MTU power the couach .
The engine model number is 20 v 4000 M93 .
The engines are quite powerful each having a capacity of 5226 horsepower .
There combined strength amounts to a whooping 10,452 horsepower .
It has a fuel capacity of 65000 liters and can carry 10000 liters of water .
At speeds of 12 knots , it consumes 200 liters of fuel per hour .
The Couach 5000 Fly super yacht has an imposing structure having a length of 49.5 meters .
The deck length is a massive 49 meters while its water line length is 43.5 meters .
When complete it will have a gross weight of 500 tonnes .
While on displacement , it will weigh 317 tonnes .
The yacht is spacious with a capacity to carry several guests .
It will have the capacity to house a party of friends on the high seas .
It will also be equipped with the state of the art in luxury equipment .
And finally , let ’s see a short video about the fast and transatlantic superyacht Couach 5000 Fly :
* * *
Related links :
Chantier Naval Couach
Jean Pierre Fantini
Photo : couach.com
Former South Dakota State Rep. Ted Alvin Klaudt — presently serving time for raping his two foster daughters — is sending bizarre " copyright notices " from prison to news agencies and outlets that use his name in print or online , claiming a " common law copyright " on his name and demanding $ 500,000 for any unauthorized use .
Proving , at least , that knowing the law is no prerequisite for serving in high office .
A letter and an accompanying document labeled " Common Law Copyright Notice " said former state Rep .
Ted Alvin Klaudt is reserving a common - law copyright of a trade name or trademark for his name .
It said no one can use his name without his consent , and anyone who does would owe him $ 500,000 …
The letter and copyright notice Klaudt sent to The Associated Press carried a postmark of Dec. 11 from Mobridge , a city near his ranch .
The notice was signed July 13 , 2008 , and notarized in Bon Homme County , the location of the Springfield prison .
It also included a seal indicating it was filed with the register of deeds in Corson County , where the family ranch is located , on July 31 , 2008 .
The letter said anyone seeking to use Klaudt 's name would have to file a written request 20 days in advance .
It also said he would pursue charges and other legal action against anyone who violated the notice .
Ex -Lawmaker Convicted of Rape : Name Is Copyrighted
( via /. )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Tom Cruise has been accused of hiring shamed private investigator Anthony Pellicano to spy on a magazine editor .
The editor , Michael David Sapir , filed papers in a Los Angeles court on Friday against Tom Cruise , Cruise ’s attorney Bert Fields , Matchtinger LLP and Anthony Pellicano .
See The Tom Cruise $ 5 Million Lawsuit
Sapir claims Cruise hired Pellicano to wire tap his phone .
VIDEO : Tom Cruise ’s Whacky Advertisement For Scientology
Sapir , Cruise and Fields have history – in 2001 Sapir ’s magazine Bold published a $ 500,000 reward for video evidence that Cruise is gay , Sapir claims shortly afterwards they received an email with a videotape and issued a press release saying so .
Cruise vehemently denied any accusations of being gay and Fields filed a lawsuit on behalf of his client fordefamation , asking for $ 100 million in damages .
Sapir claims that Cruise then hired Pellicano to wire tap his phone during the course of the lawsuit .
Sapir is asking for $ 5 million minimum .
Do UFOs actually exist ?
That is a question that has been hotly debated all over the world for decades .
But as reports of UFO sightings continue to pour in all over the globe , the nature of the debate is changing .
Rather than asking whether or not UFOs exist , an increasing number of people are wondering who is piloting them , where they are from and what it is that they want .
So much solid evidence has come in from so many diverse sources all over the globe that it is getting really hard to deny that something is going on .
So just what is going on ?
Do the creatures piloting these crafts have noble intentions ?
Why wo n’t they just reveal themselves openly ?
Will they be making open contact with humanity during our lifetimes ?
What would that mean for humanity if they did ?
There are a lot of questions that we just do n’t have answers for right now .
But these kinds of questions are increasingly being asked by the mainstream media .
For example , Larry King Live has not been shy about discussing UFOs .
In the video posted below , you can actually see Larry King and a guest discuss footage of a UFO shooting some sort of a light beam at a U.S. military missile test … .
In fact , CNN seems quite comfortable reporting on the UFO phenomenon now .
Check out this report by CNN about the UFO sightings in Stephensville , Texas a while back … .
But UFOs are not just showing up in the United States .
They are literally showing up all over the world .
This next video contains footage of an alleged “ shape shifting ” UFO that was reportedly taken by a young child in Brazil .
The UFO appears to be in the shape of a jellyfish at the beginning of the video , and it appears to transform into the shape of an octopus by the end of the video … .
This next video was reportedly filmed by a farmer working in his fields in Russia .
There are some researchers that are referring to the craft in this video as a “ mothership ” … .
One of the most extraordinary UFO sightings of the past year came out of China .
During a solar eclipse on July 22nd , scientists at the Purple Mountain Observatory in Nanjing , China believe that they captured some of the most amazing UFO footage of all time .
The UFO in the video below was filmed for 40 minutes by the scientists and it was seen by several dozen Chinese students as well , and a number of them also photographed or filmed the UFO ….
The truth is that this is just a very small sample of the UFO videos that are out there .
They are coming in from every corner of the globe and from a vast array of different people .
It is hard to label the UFO phenomenon as a hoax when there is so much evidence to the contrary .
Certainly not every video or reported UFO sighting checks out , but a whole lot of them do .
UFO sightings have been reported by airline pilots , military officers , scientists and many other highly respected individuals .
Are they all lying ?
Are they all imagining something ?
Of course not .
Something is going on out there .
But until these UFOs decide to make open contact with humanity they will remain one of the great mysteries of the world .
Iran was plunged deeper into crisis on a day of religious mourning yesterday as political tensions erupted into violence that left at least nine dead , including a nephew of the main opposition leader .
Mayhem unfolded in Tehran after a brutal crackdown in which security forces fired on protesters gathered on Ashura , one of the holiest days in the Shia calendar .
The shootings killed at least four people , with another said to have died from head injuries after being beaten by police .
Among the dead was Ali Mousavi , a nephew of Mir Hossein Mousavi , leader of the reformist movement .
He was reported to have been shot through the heart .
Demonstrators – many chanting slogans against Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei – retaliated by attacking members of the security forces , in some cases beating them with their own batons .
Police cars were set on fire and photographs appeared to show riot officers retreating under a hail of stones .
A further four people were killed and many others injured in the northern city of Tabriz , according to reformist websites .
Clashes were also reported in several other cities , including Isfahan , Shiraz , Arak , Mashhad , Babol and Najafabad .
The accounts could not be confirmed because of restrictions on the foreign media in Iran .
The state broadcaster Irib quoted a senior police official as saying 300 people had been arrested .
Last night opposition websites reported that clashes were continuing in central Tehran .
It was Iran 's worst outbreak of violence since last June 's disputed election , which the opposition claims President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stole through mass fraud .
But yesterday 's events differed from previous clashes in a way that seemed to herald further turmoil to come .
Last night an opposition leader and cleric , Mehdi Karoubi , criticised the country 's rulers over the deaths .
" What has happened to this religious system that it orders the killing of innocent people during the holy day of Ashura ? " , Karoubi , who came fourth in the election , said in a statement , the Jaras website reported .
By using lethal force on a day meant to honour one of Shia Islam 's holiest figures , Imam Hossein – seen as a martyr in the fight against oppression – the regime may have undermined its claim to uphold Iran 's religious traditions .
The violent response of the protesters to the security forces was also unprecedented and suggested that many are becoming fearless in the face of state repression .
While many demonstrators in the post-election protests covered their faces , footage from videos shown yesterday on YouTube showed most people with their faces exposed .
Summary
In late November 2009 , more than 1,000 e-mails between scientists at the Climate Research Unit of the U.K. ’s University of East Anglia were stolen and made public by an as - yet - unnamed hacker .
Climate skeptics are claiming that they show scientific misconduct that amounts to the complete fabrication of man-made global warming .
We find that to be unfounded :
The messages , which span 13 years , show a few scientists in a bad light , being rude or dismissive .
An investigation is underway , but there ’s still plenty of evidence that the earth is getting warmer and that humans are largely responsible .
Some critics say the e-mails negate the conclusions of a 2007 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , but the IPCC report relied on data from a large number of sources , of which CRU was only one .
E-mails being cited as “ smoking guns ” have been misrepresented .
For instance , one e-mail that refers to “ hiding the decline ” is n’t talking about a decline in actual temperatures as measured at weather stations .
These have continued to rise , and 2009 may turn out to be the fifth warmest year ever recorded .
The “ decline ” actually refers to a problem with recent data from tree rings .
Analysis
Skeptics claim this trove of e-mails shows the scientists at the U.K. research center were engaging in evidence - tampering , and they are portraying the affair as a major scandal : “ Climategate . ” Saudi Arabian climate negotiator Mohammad Al - Sabban went so far as to tell the BBC : “ It appears from the details of the scandal that there is no relationship whatsoever between human activities and climate change . ”
He said that he expected news of the e-mails to disrupt the U.N. climate summit in Copenhagen this month .
An article from the conservative - leaning Canada Free Press claims that the stolen files are proof of a “ deliberate fraud ” and “ the greatest deception in history . ”
Missing the Mark
We find such claims to be far wide of the mark .
The e-mails ( which have been made available by an unidentified individual here ) do show a few scientists talking frankly among themselves — sometimes being rude , dismissive , insular , or even behaving like jerks .
Whether they show anything beyond that is still in doubt .
An investigation is being conducted by East Anglia University , and the head of CRU , Phil Jones , has “ stepped aside ” until it is completed .
However , many of the e-mails that are being held up as “ smoking guns ” have been misrepresented by global - warming skeptics eager to find evidence of a conspiracy .
And even if they showed what the critics claim , there remains ample evidence that the earth is getting warmer .
Even as the affair was unfolding , the World Meteorological Organization announced on Dec. 8 that the 2000 - 2009 decade would likely be the warmest on record , and that 2009 might be the fifth warmest year ever recorded .
( The hottest year on record was 1998 . )
This conclusion is based not only on the CRU data that critics are now questioning , but also incorporates data from the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) .
All three organizations synthesized data from many sources .
Some critics claim that the e-mails invalidate the conclusions of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the world scientific body that reaffirmed in a 2007 report that the earth is warming , sea levels are rising and that human activity is “ very likely ” the cause of “ most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century . ”
But the IPCC ’s 2007 report , its most recent synthesis of scientific findings from around the globe , incorporates data from three working groups , each of which made use of data from a huge number of sources — of which CRU was only one .
The synthesis report notes key disagreements and uncertainties but makes the “ robust ” conclusion that “ warming of the climate system is unequivocal . ”
( A robust finding is defined as “ one that holds under a variety of approaches , methods , models and assumptions , and is expected to be relatively unaffected by uncertainties . ” )
The IPCC has released a statement playing down the notion that CRU scientists skewed the world body ’s report or kept it from considering the views of skeptical scientists :
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change :
The entire report writing process of the IPCC is subjected to extensive and repeated review by experts as well as governments .
Consequently , there is at every stage full opportunity for experts in the field to draw attention to any piece of literature and its basic findings that would ensure inclusion of a wide range of views .
There is , therefore , no possibility of exclusion of any contrarian views , if they have been published in established journals or other publications which are peer reviewed .
The facts support this assertion .
In one 2004 e-mail that ’s come under much scrutiny , Jones wrote of two controversial papers that “ Kevin and I will keep them out [ of the IPCC report ] somehow — even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! ”
But both papers under discussion , Kalnay and Cai ( 2003 ) and McKitrick and Michaels ( 2004 ) , were cited in one of the three working group reports from which the 2007 IPCC report is synthesized .
Mixed Messages
The 1,000 - plus e-mails sometimes illustrate the hairier side of scientific research .
Criticisms of climate change are sometimes dismissed as “ fraud ” or “ pure crap , ” as in this 2005 e-mail from CRU Director Phil Jones .
Other messages , like a 2007 e-mail from Michael Mann of Penn State University , show indignation at being the target of skeptics ’ ire .
Some of the e-mails are in bad form ; for instance , climate scientist Benjamin Santer of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory makes a crack about “ beat[ing ] the crap out of ” opponent Pat Michaels .
Claims that the e-mails are evidence of fraud or deceit , however , misrepresent what they actually say .
A prime example is a 1999 e-mail from Jones , who wrote : “ I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( i.e. , from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline . ”
Skeptics claim the words “ trick ” and “ decline ” show Jones is using sneaky manipulations to mask a decline in global temperatures .
But that ’s not the case .
Actual temperatures , as measured by scientific instruments such as thermometers , were rising at the time of the writing of this decade - old e-mail , and ( as we ’ve noted ) have continued to rise since then .
Jones was referring to the decline in temperatures implied by measurements of the width and density of tree rings .
In recent decades , these measures indicate a dip , while more accurate instrument - measured temperatures continue to rise .
Scientists at CRU use tree - ring data and other “ proxy ” measurements to estimate temperatures from times before instrumental temperature data began to be collected .
However , since about 1960 , tree - ring data have diverged from actual measured temperatures .
Far from covering it up , CRU scientists and others have published reports of this divergence many times .
The “ trick ” that Jones was writing about in his 1999 e-mail was simply adding the actual , measured instrumental data into a graph of historic temperatures .
Jones says it ’s a “ trick ” in the colloquial sense of an adroit feat — “ a clever thing to do , ” as he put it — not a deception .
What ’s hidden is the fact that tree - ring data in recent decades does n’t track with thermometer measurements .
East Anglia Research Professor Andrew Watson explained in an article in The Times of London :
Watson : Jones is talking about a line on a graph for the cover of a World Meteorological Organisation report , published in 2000 , which shows the results of different attempts to reconstruct temperature over the past 1,000 years .
The line represents one particular attempt , using tree - ring data for temperature .
The method agrees with actual measurements before about 1960 , but diverges from them after that — for reasons only partly understood , discussed in the literature .
Other quotes that skeptics say are evidence of “ data manipulation ” actually refer to how numbers are presented , not to falsifying those numbers .
For instance , in one e-mail climate scientist Tom Crowley writes : “ I have been fiddling with the best way to illustrate the stable nature of the medieval warm period . ”
Crowley is referring to the best way to translate the data into a graphic format .
We ’re the first to admit that charts and graphs can give a false or misleading impression of what data actually show .
In the past , for instance , we ’ve criticized a pie chart used by some liberals to make military spending look like a much larger slice of the federal budget than it really is .
In fact , it ’s been a major contention of climate change skeptics that a so - called “ hockey stick ” chart , so named because it shows a steep climb in temperatures in the last few decades , exaggerates the true extent of warming .
That claim is contradicted by climate scientists , including the creator of one of the most contended “ hockey stick ” charts , and we make no judgment about that dispute here .
We simply note that “ fiddling ” with the way data are displayed — even in a way that some may see as misleading — is not the same thing as falsifying the numbers .
Much has also been made of the scientists ’ discussion of Freedom of Information
Act requests for their raw data .
In fact , the vast majority of CRU ’s data is already freely available .
According to the University of East Anglia , a small amount of the data is restricted by non-publication agreements .
Discussion of British FOIA requests in the stolen e-mails show scientists bristling at demands that they supply records of their own correspondence , computer code and data to people whose motives they question .
In one e-mail about a request for data and correspondence , Santer writes critically of Steven McIntyre , a Canadian science blogger who runs the Climateaudit.org Web site :
Ben Santer e-mail , Nov. 12 , 2009 : My personal opinion is that both FOI requests [ for data related to a 2008 paper and for correspondence dating back to 2006 ] are intrusive and unreasonable .
Steven McIntyre provides absolutely no scientific justification or explanation for such requests .
… McIntyre has no interest in improving our scientific understanding of the nature and causes of climate change .
He has no interest in rational scientific discourse .
He deals in the currency of threats and intimidation .
We should be able to conduct our scientific research without constant fear of an “ audit ” by Steven McIntyre ; without having to weigh every word we write in every email we send to our scientific colleagues .
It ’s clear from the e-mails that there are people with whom the scientists would rather not share .
What ’s less clear is whether any deliberate obstruction actually occurred — that ’s one of the subjects of the East Anglia investigation .
Some e-mails refer to long discussions with lawyers and university officials about what the scientists may , or must , make available and to whom .
In others , scientists let their critics know directly that data are freely accessible , or mention that they ’ve already sent the information along , though they may not fulfill their opponents ’ every informational wish .
Climate change skeptics also say that the e-mails prove they ’ve been excluded from peer review .
In one e-mail , for example , climate scientist Tom Wigley of the University Corporation for Academic Research writes : “ If you think that [ Yale professor James ]
Saiers is in the greenhouse skeptics camp , then , if we can find documentary evidence of this , we could go through official AGU channels to get him ousted . ”
Saiers later departed from the journal in question ( Geophysical Research Letters , or GRL ) .
However , Saiers says he is n’t a warming skeptic and that Wigley had nothing to do with his departure .
When another professor ( and blogger ) asked Saiers about the Wigley e-mail , Saiers responded : “ I stepped down as GRL editor at the end of my three - year term . …
My departure had nothing to do with attempts by Wigley or anyone else to have me sacked . ”
Investigators are still sifting through 13 years ’ worth of CRU e-mails looking for evidence of impropriety .
But what ’s been revealed so far has n’t shaken the broad scientific consensus about global warming .
In an open letter to Congress posted on Climate Science Watch and other sites , 25 leading climate scientists ( including eight members of the National Academy of Science ) wrote :
Letter to Congress from U.S. scientists , Dec. 4 : The body of evidence that human activity is the dominant cause of global warming is overwhelming .
The content of the stolen emails has no impact whatsoever on our overall understanding that human activity is driving dangerous levels of global warming .
…
Even without including analyses from the UK research center from which the emails were stolen , the body of evidence underlying our understanding of human - caused global warming remains robust .
Confusing the Public
News coverage of the e-mails and the various claims about what they supposedly show may have contributed to public confusion on the subject .
A Dec. 3 Rasmussen survey found that only 25 percent of adults surveyed said that “ most scientists agree on global warming ” while 52 percent said that “ there is significant disagreement within the scientific community ” and 23 percent said they were not sure .
The truth is that over the 13 years covered by the CRU e-mails , scientific consensus has only become stronger as the evidence for global warming from various sources has mounted .
Reports from the National Academies and the U.S. Global Change Research Program that analyze large amounts of data from various sources also agree , as does the IPCC , that climate change is not in doubt .
In advance of the 2009 U.N. climate change summit , the national academies of 13 nations issued a joint statement of their recommendations for combating climate change , in which they discussed the “ human forcing ” of global warming and said that the need for action was “ indisputable . ”
Leading scientists are unequivocally reaffirming the consensus on global warming in the wake of “ Climategate . ”
White House science adviser John Holdren said at a congressional hearing on climate change : “ However this particular controversy comes out , the result will not call into question the bulk of our understanding of how the climate works or how humans are affecting it . ”
The American Association for the Advancement of Science released a statement “ reaffirm[ing ] the position of its Board of Directors and the leaders of 18 respected organizations , who concluded based on multiple lines of scientific evidence that global climate change caused by human activities is now underway , and it is a growing threat to society . ”
The American Meteorological Society and the Union of Concerned Scientists have also reiterated their positions on climate change , which they say are unaffected by the leaked e-mails .
— by Jess Henig
Correction , Dec. 22 : We originally wrote : “ There are two investigations underway , by the U.K. ’s Met Office and East Anglia University . ”
But the Met Office is not conducting an investigation .
The Times of London had reported that the Met Office would reexamine its data , but that article was incorrect .
A spokesperson for the office told us that there were no plans to do so .
The Met Office does plan to release the station temperature records publicly , but not to reevaluate them .
The university investigation is continuing .
Sources
Walsh , Bryan .
“ Has ‘ Climategate ’ Been Overblown ? ” TIME .
7 Dec 2009 .
Black , Richard .
“ Climate e-mail hack ‘ will impact on Copenhagen summit . ’ ” BBC News .
3 Dec 2009 .
Ball , Tim .
“ The Death Blow to Climate Science . ” Canada Free Press. 21 Nov 2009 .
Webster , Ben . “ Met Office to re-examine 160 years of climate data . ” The Times of London .
5 Dec 2009 .
BBC News .
“ Chair for climate e-mail review . ” 3 Dec 2009 .
Satter , Raphael G. “ Climate - unit chief steps aside amid probe . ” Associated Press . 2 Dec 2009 .
Sandell , Clayton .
“ Climate : 2009 Caps Hottest Decade on Record . ” ABC News .
8 Dec 2009 .
World Meteorological Association .
“ 2000 - 2009 , The Warmest Decade . ”
Press release .
8 Dec 2009 .
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
“ Statement on News Reports Regarding Hacking of the East Anglia University Email Communications . ” 4 Dec 2009 .
Pachauri , R.K. and Reisinger , A. , eds. “ Climate Change 2007 : Synthesis Report . ” Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , 2007 .
Solomon , S. et al .
“ Climate Change 2007 : The Physical Science Basis . ” Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , 2007 .
Briffa , K.R. et al .
“ Trees tell of past climates : but are they speaking less clearly today ? ” Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London B 1998 .
D’Arrigo , Rosanne et al .
“ On the ‘ Divergence Problem ’ in Northern Forests : A review of the tree-ring evidence and possible causes . ” Global and Planetary Change 2007 .
Watson , Andrew .
“ Climate change e-mails have been quoted totally out of context . ”
The Times of London .
8 Dec 2009 .
McIntyre , Stephen and Ross McKitrick .
“ Corrections to the Mann et. al. ( 1998 ) proxy data base and northern hemispheric average temperature series . ”
Energy and Environment .
2003 .
Rutherford , S. et al .
“ Proxy - based Northern Hemisphere Surface Temperature Reconstructions : Sensitivity to Method , Predictor Network , Target Season , and Target Domain . ” Journal of Climate .
2004 .
East Anglia University .
“ CRU Update 2 . ” Press release .
24 Nov 2009 .
Archer , David et al .
“ Open Letter to Congress from U.S. Scientists on Climate Change and Recently Stolen Emails . ” 4 Dec 2009 .
Rasmussen Reports .
“ Americans Skeptical of Science Behind Global Warming . ” 3 Dec 2009 .
National Research Council .
“ Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2,000 Years . ” National Academies Press , 2006 .
U.S. Global Change Research Program .
“ Global Climate Change Impacts in the United States . ” Cambridge University Press , 2009 .
G8+5 Academies .
“ G8+5 Academies ’ joint statement : Climate change and the transformation of energy technologies for a low carbon future . ”
May 2009 .
Harris , Richard .
“ Stolen Climate E- Mails Cause A Ruckus In Congress . ” NPR .
2 Dec. 2009 .
American Association for the Advancement of Science .
“ AAAS Reaffirms Statements on Climate Change and Integrity . ” 4 Dec 2009 .
Seitter , Keith .
“ Impact of CRU Hacking on the AMS Statement on Climate Change . ” American Meteorological Society .
25 Nov 2009 .
Frumhoff , Peter .
“ Contrarians Using Hacked E-mails to Attack Climate Science . ” Union of Concerned Scientists .
23 Nov 2009 .
“ Abbey Krysak made a very uncomfortable and confusing situation clear and easy .
We are a small nonprofit organization and needed help with reorganizing our organization .
She was available to us for any questions and she was even available to meet with us during a planning meeting to help make changes clear to everyone involved .
I cannot recommend Ms Krysak enough .
She will be personal , helpful and is willing to do extensive research to help you with any situation .
I personally will be using her for any future legal needs . ”
By Mario Cacciottolo
BBC News
Barbara Cherish is a child of the SS , and the burden lies heavily upon her .
She knew early in her life that her German father , Arthur Liebehenschel , was involved in something terrible , something the family did not discuss .
Only later , as an adult , did she discover he had run part of the Auschwitz concentration camp for five months during World War II .
The knowledge gnawed at her , but it took a life crisis - her divorce and the death of her sister - to spur her to delve into the past and piece together her father 's story .
The result is a book in which she struggles to reconcile her love for the father she never knew with the knowledge of his crimes , which saw him sentenced to death in Poland after the war .
I do have mixed feelings because he was a complex person .
Here 's this good person that really tried everything he could to help the prisoners
Barbara Cherish
" As a child , I was never really allowed to talk about my past with my family .
I heard some things as a small child , about the mystery father , about Auschwitz .
I never really processed it because I was so young .
I knew it was something bad .
" There was a guilt there , I think that we all have .
That we carry the guilt , being the " she hesitates , " the children of the perpetrators " .
Born in 1943 , she was placed in foster care aged six .
Her new family emigrated in 1956 to the US , where she has remained .
Stylishly dressed , Barbara arrives early at a San Diego cafe and apologises in advance , saying that " sometimes I get emotional " while telling her father 's story .
As predicted , she later becomes tearful .
Acts of compassion Finding out more about her father , she explains , led her into painful territory .
Not only did he help run Auschwitz , but before that he had left his wife and children for another woman .
Her mother 's mental health deteriorated after the war and she died in a hospital for the mentally ill in 1966 .
Liebehenschel was kommandant of Camp I , the first of Auschwitz 's three .
According to Piotr Setkiewicz , head of research at the Auschwitz Museum , he was not directly in charge of the gas chambers at Camp II , Birkenau , but was formally responsible for sending prisoners at Camp I to their deaths .
Auschwitz 's infamous gates were the entrance to Camp I Despite all this , Barbara has a daughter 's loyalty .
The book is dedicated to her father , and the Liebehenschel she writes about in The Auschwitz Kommandant is a contradictory man , capable of acts of compassion towards inmates , and stricken by guilt for his role in the murder of women and children .
A German who worked with Liebehenschel at Auschwitz testified at his trial that the kommandant once travelled to Berlin to attempt to prevent up to 500 prisoners being gassed .
Several former prisoners of Auschwitz also gave evidence for the defence , saying he had improved certain conditions at the camp .
In sentencing him to death , the court conceded that his claims of administering " fair treatment of prisoners and alleviation of hardship " were truthful .
Barbara , in her book , cites former prisoners who credit him with ordering the release of those who had been held in camp bunkers for months , ending beatings for minor crimes , and ending the informer network among prisoners .
He also ordered a pool to be created for inmates .
Piotr Setkiewicz describes Liebehenschel as " not the ordinary bad guy among the high ranking SS " .
" There is one testimony from a prisoner that said Liebehenschel heard some prisoners had inadequate shoes , so he ordered them to have new ones .
" Perhaps he was being humanitarian , or perhaps it was because at that time the SS were using the prisoners as slave labour and he wanted them to work harder .
But I never heard anyone say something like this about [ Liebehenschel 's predecessor as kommandant , Rudolf ]
Hoess , for example . "
Long showers
Another surprise about Liebehenschel is his choice of second wife , Annalise .
From an SS point of view , she had been far too friendly with Jews .
" Liebehenschel initially held a high - ranking position in the SS , but Heinrich Himmler was unhappy that he left his wife and family for another woman , who was linked to Jews , and so he was given a lower - level position in the SS administration , " says Setkiewicz .
He did n't want to go to Auschwitz - he was sent there as a punishment
Barbara Cherish
If this had not been the case , Barbara explains , he would never have ended up at Auschwitz .
As her research progressed she began to feel sorry for her father .
" I felt badly because he did n't really want to be there .
He did n't want to go to Auschwitz .
He was sent there as a punishment , " she says .
When Barbara traced Annalise and interviewed her , she painted a picture of what this punishment meant for Liebehenschel .
According to her , he would come home after watching new arrivals to Auschwitz and cry " oh no , women and children " , suffer headaches , take walks and have long showers , which his daughter says was " to wash away that evil , which of course he could n't " .
Does any of this alter our view of Liebehenschel ?
In Piotr Setkiewicz 's view , a " careful analysis of all the evidence is needed before you can come to a final statement " about Liebehenschel 's record .
But whatever improvement he represented , when measured against the worst Auschwitz kommandants , these were in the end only " minor differences " , he argues .
Liebehenschel still participated in genocide and countless innocent people were sent to their deaths during his time there .
One Auschwitz survivor , Dr Franz Danimann , told Barbara that her father 's death sentence was " probably historically and legally a just verdict " , but that he " should have been given amnesty " because of his " diverse and positive initiatives which helped many prisoners " .
No excuses However , the prisoners who take a positive view of Liebehenschel 's record are contradicted by others , also quoted in Barbara 's book .
Former Auschwitz prisoner Wladyslaw Fejkiel said that during Liebehenschel 's command " there were no positive changes for the care of the prisoners , related to food or medications .
The sanitary conditions remained insufficient ... "
He reports that Liebehenschel asked to be told about prisoners in poor health so that they could be considered first among those to be released from the camp .
But he adds that he did " not know of a single case of those prisoners brought to his attention who were therefore released " .
Liebehenschel said he attempted to ease conditions at Auschwitz Barbara stresses that she is not attempting to excuse her father 's actions , that she is appalled by what the Nazis did .
Her aim is to paint a three - dimensional picture , of a kind rarely given of Nazi war criminals , including the good as well as the bad .
She concedes her father did not always tell the truth when interrogated by his captors after the war , and does not believe his claim that he did not know about the gas chambers at Auschwitz prior to his arrival at the camp .
She underlines that he was loyal to Hitler and voluntarily joined the SS , but she also sees him as someone " caught in a web " .
" My question always will be , and I will never really have the answer did he know in the beginning what kind of a despicable organisation it really was ? " she asks .
She adds , expressing a view that few outside the kommandant 's family might accept : " I do have mixed feelings because he was a complex person .
Here 's this good person that really tried everything he could to help the prisoners . "
Family guilt Writing the book has not rid her of the burden she carries .
Barbara headed off from our interview to a friend 's wedding .
Two days later she sent an e-mail , recounting how she had been seated at the reception next to two Jewish couples .
She said she found herself " quietly asking my companion not to bring up my book " .
The thought of discussing the subject with them horrified her .
" After all these years I still have a hard time relating to ( especially )
Jewish people that I am my father 's daughter , " she wrote .
" I wonder if I 'll ever be able to let go of the guilt and burden that I and my family have carried as the children of my father , the SS Kommandant of Auschwitz . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Research 2000 National Poll was conducted for the PCCC and DFA from Dec. 16 through Dec. 17 , 2009 .
You can see the results here .
And they are shocking .
Voters are in full - blown revolt .
A health care bill with a public option has 59 % support .
A health care bill with a public option and Medicare expansion has 58 % support .
The current proposed health care bill with mandates , but no public option or Medicare expansion , has 33 % support .
A strong majority of voters say that President Obama did n't fight Joe Lieberman hard enough for the public option : 63 % to 29 % .
One popular talking point is that this bill " provides " 30 million Americans with health coverage .
But only 36 % said they agreed with that statement .
48 % of those polled said they felt that requiring people to buy insurance is n't the same as " providing " insurance .
So , over the past week or so , the Democrats have managed to move from a bill with 59 % support to a bill with 33 % support .
Politically , they could n't have done a worse job if they tried .
These poll numbers change the game .
We need to re-insert the public option into the health care bill .
Want to take action ?
Sign this petition to progressive senators telling them to be bold and " block the bill " without a public health insurance option .
UPDATE : Thank you for putting this on the Most Recommended list !
Please keep the recs coming so we create more buzz around these important numbers .
( P.S. You can contribute to PCCC and DFA and help support our health care work -- like paying for polls like this one -- by clicking here . )
It ’s a perfect storm for former lawmaker Sarah Palin .
A book due out this week by political journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin has all the right politicos sweating and backpedaling , from John McCain to the Senate majority leader , and even Bill and Hillary Clinton .
But in “ Game Change “ , it ’s Palin who really takes it on the nose .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to an advance copy thoroughly dog -ear ’d by The New York Times , some McCain staffers who worked directly with Palin began to worry that she could be “ mentally unstable . ”
After her misstatements and outright lies repeatedly caused the campaign to stumble and backpedal , a discussion began to emerge :
Were McCain to win , how best could they relegate her “ to the largely ceremonial role that premodern vice presidents inhabited ” ?
After all , “ it was inconceivable , ” they wrote , “ if McCain fell ill or died , the country be left in the hands of a President Palin , ” according to the Times .
The book also claims she almost completely neglected preparing for her debate with Vice President Joe Biden , and could n’t even pronounce his name correctly , calling him “ O’ Biden ” repeatedly .
They instead encouraged her to ask , “ Can I just call you Joe ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The former lawmaker is also being targeted by McCain ’s top political strategist , who gave a tell - all interview to “ 60 Minutes ” .
“ There were numerous instances that she said things that were – that were not accurate that ultimately , the campaign had to deal with , ” said Steve Schmidt .
“ And that opened the door to criticism that she was being untruthful and inaccurate .
And I think that is something that continues to this day . ”
In the interview , Schmidt points to an Alaska report on the so - called “ Troopergate ” scandal .
The report , covered extensively by RAW STORY , illustrated how Palin abused her power as Alaska ’s governor by helping ensure a public safety commissioner would be fired following a family dispute .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ She went out and said , you know , ‘ this report completely exonerates me , ' ” Schmidt told CBS .
“ And in fact , it did n’t .
You know it ’s the equivalent of saying down is up and up is down . ”
Schmidt said that ultimately , Palin helped McCain rather than hurt him , according to Politico .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I believe , had she not been on the ticket our margin of defeat would ’ve been greater than it would ’ve been otherwise , ” he reportedly said .
This video is a preview of a CBS News interview set to air Jan. 10 , 2010 .
While trying to find marshall 's claim that Alberto Mendelzon says the universal relation is an idea re-invented once every 3 years ( and later finding a quote by Jeffrey Ullman that the universal relation is re-invented 3 times a year ) , I stumbled across a very provocative rant by a researcher / practitioner : Why Normalization Failed to Become the Ultimate Guide for Database Designers ? by Martin Fotache .
It shares an interesting wealth of experience and knowledge about logical design .
The author is obviously well - read and unlike usual debates I 've seen about this topic , presents the argument thoroughly and comprehensively .
The abstract is :
With an impressive theoretical foundation , normalization was supposed to bring rigor and relevance into such a slippery domain as database design is .
Almost every database textbook treats normalization in a certain extent , usually suggesting that the topic is so clear and consolidated that it does not deserve deeper discussions .
But the reality is completely different .
After more than three decades , normalization not only has lost much of its interest in the research papers , but also is still looking for practitioners to apply it effectively .
Despite the vast amount of database literature , comprehensive books illustrating the application of normalization to effective real - world applications are still waited .
This paper reflects the point of view of an Information Systems academic who incidentally has been for almost twenty years a practitioner in developing database applications .
It outlines the main weaknesses of normalization and offers some explanations about the failure of a generous framework in becoming the so much needed universal guide for database designers .
Practitioners might be interested in finding out ( or confirming ) some of the normalization misformulations , misinterpretations , inconsistencies and fallacies .
Theorists could find useful the presentation of some issues where the normalization theory was proved to be inadequate , not relevant , or source of confusion .
The body of the paper presents an explanation for why practitioners have rejected normalization .
The author also shares his opinion on potentially underexplored ideas as well , drawing from an obviously well - researched depth of knowledge .
In recent years , some researchers , such as Microsoft 's Pat Helland , have even said Normalization is for sissies ( only to further this with later formal publications such as advocating we should be Building on Quicksand ) .
Yet , the PLT community is pushing for the exact opposite .
Language theory is firmly rooted in formal grammars and proven correct ' tricks ' for manipulating and using those formal grammars ; it does no good to define a language if it does not have mathematical properties ensuring relaibility and repeatability of results .
This represents and defines real tension between systems theory and PLT .
I realize this paper focuses on methodologies for creating model primitives , comparing mathematical frameworks to frameworks guided by intuition and then mapped to mathematical notions ( relations in the relational model ) , and some may not see it as PLT .
Others , such as Date , closely relate understanding of primitives to PLT : Date claims the SQL language is to blame and have gone to the lengths of creating a teaching language , Tutorial D , to teach relational theory .
In my experience , nothing seems to effect lines of code in an enterprise system more than schema design , both in the data layer and logic layer , and often an inverse relationship exists between the two ; hence the use of object - relational mapping layers to consolidate inevitable problems where there will be The Many Forms of a Single Fact ( Kent , 1988 ) .
Mapping stabilizes the problem domain by labeling correspondances between all the possible unique structures .
I refer to this among friends and coworkers as the N+1 Schema Problem , as there is generally 1 schema thought to be canonical , either extensionally or intensionally , and N other versions of that schema .
Question : Should interactive programming languages aid practitioners in reasoning about their bad data models , ( hand waving ) perhaps by modeling each unique structure and explaining how they relate ?
I could see several reasons why that would be a bad idea , but as the above paper suggests , math is not always the best indicator of what practitioners will adopt .
It many ways this seems to be the spirit of the idea behind such work as Stephen Kell 's interest in approaching modularity by supporting evolutionary compatibility between APIs ( source texts ) and ABIs ( binaries ) , as covered in his Onward !
paper , The Mythical Matched Modules : Overcoming the Tyranny of Inflexible Software Construction .
Similar ideas have been in middleware systems for years and are known as wrapper architecures ( e.g. , Donâ€™t Scrap It , Wrap It ! ) , but have n't seen much PLT interest that I 'm aware of ; " middleware " might as well be a synonym for Kell 's " integration domains " concept .
Comparing Marijuana to Alcohol
SAFER Colorado ( Safer Alternative for Enjoyable Recreation ) Executive Director Mason Tvert explains in this interview in the Denver Post why alcohol is more dangerous than marijuana and how medical pot issues are being overblown .
Mason says the future is vaporization rather than smoking :
The future is vaporization .
You basically heat marijuana to the point where it releases the chemicals and you inhale vapors .
It never combusts so there 's no smoke .
There 's never been a documented case of a marijuana - only smoker acquiring lung cancer as a result .
Never .
Not one .
How legalization would help the economy : [ More ... ]
Walking back from the Samouni neighbourhood in Zeitoun , eastern Gaza , a donkey and cart passed , bells jingling .
Everything is normal .
Except today the bells reminded me Christmas is tomorrow , and today the visit to Zeitoun was about remembering the Israeli massacre of Gaza last winter .
Still , everything was normal , perfectly normal .
Amal , the 10 year old with bits of shrapnel in her head , was astute and clever as the last time I ’d seen her .
She remembered my name , though I ’d only briefly chatted with her once , on one visit .
She has dealt with the hoards of journalists coming to hear and re-tell their story , the story of her area , the story of her killed aunts , uncles , cousins …
The story of her dead father and 4 year old brother , shot point blank by the Israeli soldiers occupying the area .
And for her it has become normal , reciting with impressive clarity , the events of those hellish days .
* Amal ’s martyred father , Atiyeh , and brother , Ahmed ( 4 )
* roof of the single room Amal and 7 others share .
“ We put the toys some people brought us up high , to make it nicer in here . ”
Their house destroyed , they ’re eight in one room , asbestos tiling roof not keeping rain out .
The kitchen , better than those living in tents and cooking over a camp stove , is a cramped room with a tap in the wall and an empty gas canister .
“ We cook over fire still , ” says Zeinat , Amal ’s widowed mother .
Their orchards destroyed with everything else , they ’ve now replanted 2 handfuls of trees , and Amal names them all with ease .
“ This is lemon , orange , olive , fig… , ” she points out .
Without knowing the horror inflicted upon Amal , her mother , and the others in the extended Samouni family , one might think they were normal .
Well , in Gaza , yes there are normal , for many .
But their welcome and calm is deceptive , hides their history .
They plod on , replanting , trying to move past the one - year anniversary mark … though every day is a reminder of their losses , the murders .
It ’s always impossible to imagine living in the same area where my husband / son / brother / mother / infant … was murdered … let alone imagine the murder itself .
But there they are , Amal and Zeinat , Helmi and the orphans , and the countless others in Palestine with stories to tell but stories which for them are normal .
Returning to Gaza from the central market , my driver is a man of 25 , though he ’s aged like 35 .
“ I ’m a radio technologist , but I ’m out of work ” I understand him to say , after our formalities are out of the way ( who am I , where ’m I from , how’d I get here , what do I think of Gaza… ) .
He ’s calm , and there ’s no bitterness in his voice ( as there certainly would be in mine ) when he says , “ I long to travel outside of Gaza .
I ’ve never left Gaza in all my life . ”
He drops me off and refuses my fare , which I insist and drop into his box .
His questions , his fare refusal , his story , all normal .
The day started with a demonstration , commemorating the anniversary of Israel ’s war on Gaza .
From Sikka street in Beit Hanoun we marched – Local Initiative , Beit Hanoun women and men , and journalists –to just over 300 metres from the border fence .
Perched on the ruins of a home and water well , we spoke of the massacre , of Palestinians ’ resilience , of the innumerable Israeli crimes on the people of Gaza , of Palestine …
The youths , men , and women sang loudly , songs of resistance , defiance , smiling and dancing .
They have n’t forgotten their pain , but they also have n’t forgotten this is normal in Palestine , and life must push on .
The only abnormal thing today was that the Israeli soldiers did n’t shoot .
Since the ‘ ceasefire ’ on 18 January 2009 , Israeli soldiers have continued to terrorize farmers and civilians in the border regions , well beyond the Israeli - imposed ‘ buffer zone ’ of 300 m .
Just last week we met some of the recent victims – 17 year old youths gathering stones and steel for reconstruction , targeted by a deadly dart bomb ; a volunteer medic , targeted with three of his friends as they went to the eastern cemetery to visit a friend martyred the year before , the four were spied by an Israeli UAV ( drone ) which dropped a missile next to them .
It ’s Christmas Eve day .
One year ago I reflected on how poorly Palestinians in Gaza had gone through the motions of both ‘ Eid holidays and Christmas .
I went to the catholic church in Gaza city , heard the sad , tired singing of celebrants who had perhaps more on their minds , and was treated to a Christmas feast by a Muslim family we know who just wanted to make us happy .
On Christmas day , I had chestnuts roasted on a shisha coal fire , strange but strangely lovely .
Another kind gesture by another friend .
Two days later , Israel began a 23 day massacre , surpassing all expectations of some sort of attack .
Now , 4 pm , Christmas eve day , those Israeli war planes still roam the skies , still invade the thoughts , as do the UAV ( drones , zenanas ) like those above the Samouni area today ( “ at night the helicopters come , ” they said ) .
Surreality is also normal in Gaza , but yareyt , how I wish what is normal here could finally be recognized as abnormal , that the tables could turn , the life could have the chance to flourish in Gaza .
* destroyed in the 2008 - 2009 Israeli massacre of Gaza
* recently destroyed with earlier destroyed in the background …
They may not be old enough to talk , but babies less than a week old know how to cry in their native language .
Researchers have known that infants have the ability to mimic speech starting around 12 weeks of age .
Babies also show a preference for spoken language that mirrors the rhythm , melody and intensity patterns of their mother tongue .
But when they ’re too young to control their vocal cords or the muscles that shape the mouth to make specific sounds , how can babies demonstrate that they ’re tuned in to the chatter around them ?
Through their cries , suggests a team of European scientists .
The researchers recorded the cries uttered by 30 French and 30 German newborns when they were hungry , having their diapers changed or generally out of sorts .
Though the babies were only 2 to 5 days old , they cried in distinct patterns .
Advertisement
The wails of the French babies started out low and rose to a higher pitch , whereas those of their German counterparts started out high and fell to a lower pitch .
The German babies also cried with more intensity than the French babies , the researchers found .
These patterns matched the intonation patterns of spoken French ( in which the pitch tends to rise over the course of several words ) and German ( in which the opposite occurs ) .
The scientists said that fetuses start to pick up on the melody of ambient language during their third trimester in the womb .
They ca n’t hear all of the phonetic details of their mothers ’ speech , but they can perceive the overall patterns or phrases and sentences .
Imitating those patterns probably helps newborns endear themselves to their mothers , the researchers theorized .
The findings , by scientists at the University of Wurzburg and the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Germany and the Ecole Normale Superieure / National Center for Scientific Research in France , were published online in the journal Current Biology .
--
Advertisement
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Buying Itself Out of a Recession Countries Ask How Germany Avoided Mass Unemployment
Germany , second only to China as the world 's leading exporter of goods , has been particularly hard - hit by the collapse of global markets .
But the mass unemployment some had feared has failed to materialize .
Labor experts in many countries are wondering how Germany has done it .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
JREF Swift Blog
AGW REVISITED
Though this subject is not one that directly concerns the JREF , I 'm very frequently asked if I 'll turn my skeptical eye to it .
As a year - end fling , I 'll give it a try .
To wit :
An unfortunate fact is that scientists are just as human as the rest of us , in that they are strongly influenced by the need to be accepted , to kowtow to peer opinion , and to " belong " in the scientific community .
Why do I find this " unfortunate " ?
Because the media and the hoi polloi increasingly depend upon and accept ideas or principles that are proclaimed loudly enough by academics who are often more driven by " politically correct " survival principles than by those given them by Galileo , Newton , Einstein , and Bohr .
( Granted , it 's reassuring that they 're listening to academics at all -- but how to tell the competent from the incompetent ? )
Religious and other emotional convictions drive scientists , despite what they may think their motivations are .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) -- a group of thousands of scientists in 194 countries around the world , and recipient of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize -- has issued several comprehensive reports in which they indicate that they have become convinced that " global warming " is and will be seriously destructive to life as we know it , and that Man is the chief cause of it .
They say that there is a consensus of scientists who believe we are headed for disaster if we do not stop burning fossil fuels , but a growing number of prominent scientists disagree .
Meanwhile , some 32,000 scientists , 9,000 of them PhDs , have signed The Petition Project statement proclaiming that Man is not necessarily the chief cause of warming , that the phenomenon may not exist at all , and that , in any case , warming would not be disastrous .
Happily , science does not depend on consensus .
Conclusions are either reached or not , but only after an analysis of evidence as found in nature .
It 's often been said that once a conclusion is reached , proper scientists set about trying to prove themselves wrong .
Failing in that , they arrive at a statement that appears -- based on all available data -- to describe a limited aspect about how the world appears to work .
And not all scientists are willing to follow this path .
My most excellent friend Martin Gardner once asked a parapsychologist just what sort of evidence would convince him he had erred in coming to a certain conclusion .
The parascientist replied that he could not imagine any such situation , thus -- in my opinion -- removing him from the ranks of the scientific discipline rather decidedly .
History supplies us with many examples where scientists were just plain wrong about certain matters , but ultimately discovered the truth through continued research .
Science recovers from such situations quite well , though sometimes with minor wounds .
I strongly suspect that The Petition Project may be valid .
I base this on my admittedly rudimentary knowledge of the facts about planet Earth .
This ball of hot rock and salt water spins on its axis and rotates about the Sun with the expected regularity , though we 're aware that lunar tides , solar wind , galactic space dust and geomagnetic storms have cooled the planet by about one centigrade degree in the past 150 years .
The myriad of influences that act upon Earth are so many and so variable -- though not capricious -- that I believe we simply cannot formulate an equation into which we enter variables and come up with an answer .
A living planet will continually belch , vibrate , fracture , and crumble a bit , and thus defeat an accurate equation .
Please note that this my amateur opinion , based on probably insufficient data .
It appears that the Earth is warming , and has continued to warm since the last Ice Age , which ended some 10,000 to 20,000 years ago .
But that has not been an even warming .
Years of warming followed by years of cooling have left us just a bit warmer than before .
This conclusion has been arrived at from data collected at some 1,200 + weather stations in the USA , though bear in mind that there are very few weather stations over the vast oceans that cover 70 % of our planet , or on the continents Africa , South America , and especially Antarctica .
We can now record temperatures with much better than the former fraction - of - a - degree accuracy we had just a decade ago , but that temperature change appears to be just about half a degree Centigrade .
Our Earth 's atmosphere is approximately 80 % nitrogen , 20 % oxygen .
Just .04 % is carbon dioxide -- a " trace " amount .
But from that tiny percentage is built all the plants we have on Earth .
CO2 is a natural molecule absolutely required for plant life to survive , and in the process of growing , those plants give off oxygen .
We -- and all animal life -- consume that oxygen and give off CO2 .
( No , this is not an example of Intelligent Design . )
If that balance is sufficiently disturbed , species either adapt or perish .
And the world turns ...
Incidentally , we have a convenient phenomenon that contributes to our survival .
Doubling the amount of CO2 in our atmosphere will not double the temperature rise , small though it is .
The basic principle of what 's known as the " greenhouse effect " is quite simple : in a glass - enclosed environment , sunlight enters through the glass and strikes a surface , where it is transformed into longer infrared rays which do not easily reflect back through the glass ; they 're trapped .
and raise the temperature .
However , the greenhouse effect as applied to our planet is more complicated .
The infrared rays that are reflected back from the Earth are trapped by the greenhouse gases , water vapor and CO2 -- a process that warms those gases and heats the Earth .
This effect makes Earth habitable , preventing extremes of temperature .
The limit of the influence of CO2 is dictated , not by the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , but by the amount of solar radiation reflected back from the Earth .
Once all the infrared rays have been " captured " by the greenhouse gases there is no additional increase in carbon dioxide .
Yes , we produce CO2 , by burning " fossil fuels " and by simply breathing .
And every fossil fuel produces CO2 .
Some products produce more than others , varying with their chemical composition .
Methane gas produces less CO2 , wood produces more .
But almost paradoxically , when wood burns it produces CO2 , and when a tree dies and rots it produces yet more CO2 .
Oceans are huge storage tanks for CO2 , but as they warm up , they hold less of the dissolved gas .
They release it into the atmosphere , then more of it is absorbed back into the oceans .
And as far as humans are concerned , ten times more people die each year from the effects of cold than die from the heat .
This a hugely complex set of variables we are trying to reduce to an equation ...
It 's easy enough to believe that drought , floods , hurricanes , and earthquakes are signs of a coming catastrophe from global warming , but these are normal variations of any climate that we -- and other forms of life -- have survived .
Earth has undergone many serious changes in climate , from the Ice Ages to periods of heavily increased plant growth from their high levels of CO2 , yet the biosphere has survived .
We 're adaptable , stubborn , and persistent -- and we have what other life forms do n't have : we can manipulate our environment .
Show me an Inuit who can survive in his habitat without warm clothing ...
Humans will continue to infest Earth because we 're smart .
In my amateur opinion , more attention to disease control , better hygienic conditions for food production and clean water supplies , as well as controlling the filth that we breathe from fossil fuel use , are problems that should distract us from fretting about baking in Global Warming .
From Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's 1891 A Scandal in Bohemia , I quote :
Watson : " This is indeed a mystery , " I remarked .
" What do you imagine that it means ? "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Solar Impulse prototype plane , part of a planned solar - powered circumnavigation of the globe , has left the ground for the first time .
The maiden flight was dubbed a " flea hop " by project leaders , at 350 m in length and a height of just one metre .
The next flight , at the Payerne air force airfield in western Switzerland , will see the plane reach an altitude of nearly 9,000 m , once more using on - board batteries .
The final version of the plane will attempt a solar - powered transatlantic flight in 2012 prior to the round - the - world trip .
Graphic novelist and screenwriter Neil Gaiman has entered the anti-piracy debate , with news he has sent a letter to the author of the Digital Britain report , Lord Carter .
The letter has been printed in full by the Open Rights Group ( of which Gaiman is a member ) and it calls for Carter to defend what he outlined in his report earlier this year .
A new way
" I am sure you know Peter Mandelson 's revised plan to disconnect users wo n't put a single extra penny in the pockets of the recording artists and their agents , " explains Gaiman 's letter .
" A new way of licensing music online must be found , so artists get paid when their music is played , a principle we at the Open Rights Group support .
The old way no longer works . "
While the letter was written at the back of November , its content is still very much relevant , with Gaiman criticising Mandelson 's plans to allow him to amend the legislation surrounding copyright as " laying the foundations for a digital dictatorship " .
The tightening of online piracy was clear to see this month , with Mininova - one of the web 's most popular bit - torrent tracking sites - ditching its illegal torrents and going legit .
Unwürdige Bauernfängerei mit der Gesundheitskarte Joachim Jakobs
Brief an den Präsidenten des Bundesverbands Informationswirtschaft , Telekommunikation und neue Medien ( BITKOM )
Lieber Herr Professor Scheer ,
Anfang November feierten die Katholiken Allerheiligen .
Womöglich können Sie als „ Norddeutscher Protestant “ - wie Sie sich selbst beschreiben mit diesem katholischen Feiertag , dem „ Gedenktag der Heiligen “ wenig anfangen .
Das könnte dann auch eine Erklärung dafür sein , dass Sie bislang noch nicht den rechten Zugang zu dem „ Moratorium “ finden konnten , dass die Bundesregierung der elektronischen Gesundheitskarte ( eGK ) verordnet hat .
Mit beidem – dem Feiertag genauso wie dem Moratorium – assoziieren viele Menschen Begriffe wie „ Andacht “ , „ innehalten “ und „ Ruhe “ .
Ich finde , die Bundesregierung hat allen Grund , dem Projekt einen Augenblick Ruhe zu gönnen – womit ich nicht sagen möchte , dass das zappelige Hin- und Hergeeiere von Gesundheitsminister Rösler in Sachen eGK mir den Eindruck von Ruhe vermittelt !
Aber ernsthaft : Ich glaube , es ist an der Zeit Bilanz zu ziehen : Warum wird die Karte im Januar 2010 – fünf Jahre nach dem ursprünglich geplanten Start – immer noch nicht in den Geldbeuteln der Versicherten zu finden sein ?
Auf mich wirkt das Verhalten von Gematik , Krankenkassen , IT - Unternehmen und – nicht zuletzt - dem Bitkom seit Jahren ignorant und borniert : „ Wir sind toll und Ihr Bedenkenträger wollt das nicht zugeben “ , so die seit Jahren immer gleich zur Schau getragene Haltung der Protagonisten .
Dabei hätten alle Beteiligten angesichts der Größe der Herausforderung allen Grund zur Demut : Das papierlose Gesundheitswesen wird größten technischen Schwierigkeiten und organisatorischen Herausforderungen gegenüberstehen .
Nicht zuletzt werden Kriminelle und Mafia aller Herren Länder die Sicherheit des Systems im Detail prüfen .
Ob die Menschen in der Lage sein werden , mit dieser technischen Revolution umzugehen ?
Es geht aber nicht nur um die Frage , ob Sie in der Lage sind , eine funktionierende und sichere Technik zu entwickeln .
Es geht vor allem um die Frage , ob die Menschen in der Lage sein werden , mit dieser technischen Revolution umzugehen .
Dazu eine simple Überlegung : Wieviel Prozent der 70 Millionen Versicherten signieren ihre elektronische
Post oder verschlüsseln sie sogar ?
Ich vermute , wir könnten uns glücklich schätzen , wenn es 1 Prozent wäre .
Das heißt 99 Prozent der Bevölkerung sind in der Lage , elektronische Postkarten zu verschicken .
Aber auch nicht mehr !
Noch präziser : Gerade ältere Menschen tun sich allein mit der Bedienung der Maus schwer .
Und nun wollen sie von 70 Millionen Versicherten quasi über Nacht verlangen , dass sie mit Hilfe einer sechsstelligen PIN eine äußerst komplexe Technik bedienen lernen ?
Diese Menschen sollen jetzt „ Herr über ihre Daten “ werden ?
Genauso gut könnten von einem Analphabeten verlangen , morgen als Lektor eines wissenschaftlichen Verlags zu arbeiten .
Sie überfordern damit nicht nur die Patienten , sondern auch die Ärzte .
In den Feldtests jedenfalls blockierten die Betroffenen scharenweise ihre Karten – teilweise sogar irreversibel – weil sie sich ihre PIN nicht merken konnten .
Nächstes Beispiel : Wir wissen , dass der jetzige Verschlüsselungsalgorithmus RSA in fünf Jahren nicht mehr ausreichend sicher ist .
RSA wird daher ersetzt werden müssen – vermutlich durch „ elliptische Kurven “ .
Die elliptischen Kurven werden aber keine mit RSA verschlüsselten Daten lesen können .
Also ist die Vergangenheit futsch – wenn wir kein funktionierendes Umschlüsselungsverfahren hinbekommen .
Dazu sollen die Versicherten dann mit der einen Hälfte ihres Schlüssels zu einem Treuhänder pilgern , der dann mit Hilfe seines Schlüsselfragments den Zugang zu den alten Daten wieder herstellt .
Vermutlich wird ’s nicht bei einem Treuhänder bleiben .
Es werden wohl eher 10.000 Treuhänder – dann hätte jeder Treuhänder immer noch 7.000 Versicherte umzuschlüsseln und selbst das würde wohl ein logistischer Kraftakt .
Da würde mich interessieren : Haben Sie denn die 10.000 Leute schon ?
Welche Qualifikation müssen die haben ?
Wie wollen Sie sie gegebenenfalls fortbilden ?
Welche technische Ausrüstung ist da jeweils notwendig ?
Wie lang dauert das Umschlüsseln eines Versicherten ?
Welche Kosten entstehen und wer trägt sie ?
Lobbyismus - Stakkato
Zu jedem dieser Themen gibt es Fragen – bündelweise .
Ich vermute , Ihre Pressestelle hat bereits eine eigene Festplatte mit unbeantworteten Journalistenfragen zur eGK angelegt .
Statt sie zu beantworten , betreiben Sie ohne Unterbrechung ein Lobbyismus - Stakkato , das weder in seiner Schlichtheit noch in seiner Penetranz zu überbieten ist .
Heise Online berichtete : „ Wir brauchen ein positives Signal " , sonst sei das umkämpfte IT - Großprojekt " tot “ ( am 27.11.09 ) , „ der Bitkom - Vorsitzende August - Wilhelm Scheer kommentiert den ( Koalitions - ) Vertrag aus Sicht der IT - Branche reserviert und weist auf die ' ungewöhnlich kritische Grundhaltung ' ( darin ) zur eGK hin “ ( am 26.10 . ) , „ nur “ " die ungewöhnlich kritische Grundhaltung " gegenüber der elektronischen Gesundheitskarte bereite der IT - Wirtschaft Sorgen “ ( am 25.10 . ) .
Ihre gebetsmühlenartig vorgetragenen Forderungen nach Einführung dieser Arbeitsbeschaffungsmaßnahme für Ihre Branche unterstreichen Sie mit Umfragen .
So lassen Sie Patienten fragen : „ Hätten Sie gerne direkten Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Gesundheitsdaten ? “
Wieviel Prozent der Menschen wissen denn auch nur im Ansatz , welche Konsequenzen mit einem Zugang zu den Patientendaten verbunden sind ?
Lieber Herr Professor Scheer : Wie hoch schätzen
Sie denn den Anteil der Ja- Antworten auf die ( hypothetische ) Frage „ Wollen Sie glücklich sein ? “ Beide Fragen liegen auf vergleichbarem Niveau .
Aber wie sollten denn die Menschen eine dieser Fragen qualifiziert beantworten ?
Wieviel Prozent der Menschen wissen denn auch nur im Ansatz , welche Konsequenzen mit einem Zugang zu den Patientendaten verbunden sind ?
Und : Wieviel Prozent der Menschen können eigentlich qualifiziert etwas mit diesen Daten anfangen ?
Mit den Kolonnen von Laborwerten ?
Mit dem Mediziner - Latein im Stenographen - Stil ?
Ich halte diese Art von Bauernfängerei für unwürdig .
Insbesondere wenn sich ein Hochschullehrer dafür hergibt .
Sie ist allenfalls geeignet , den Jagdinstinkt von Bürgerrechtlern und Journalisten zu entfachen .
Sie werden nun womöglich abwinken und sagen : „ Manche lehnen eben alles ab “ .
Da möchte ich Ihnen ein Gegenbeispiel nennen : E - Energy ist das Projekt der Bundesregierung , das den „ intelligenten Stromnetzen “ zum Durchbruch verhelfen soll .
Eines Tages sollen – so die Idee - sämtliche Stromverbraucher eines Haushalts mit der Photovoltaik - Anlage auf dem Dach und der Autobatterie kommunizieren und so möglichst wenig Schadstoff - Emissionen freisetzen .
Außerdem sollen offenstehende Fenster und laufende Backöfen aus der Ferne geschlossen und abgeschaltet werden können .
Diese neuen Stromnetze werden unser ganzes Wirtschaftssystem von Grund auf verändern .
Und die Risiken in Bezug auf Datenschutz und - sicherheit , die damit verbunden sind , stehen denen der Gesundheitskarte in nichts nach .
Der Unterschied zwischen den Projekten besteht für mich im Selbstverständnis der jeweiligen Projektbeteiligten : Bei E-Energy habe ich immer den Eindruck , dass sich die ' Macher ' der Risiken bewußt sind , dass sie nach Antworten auf Fragen suchen , die nicht nur Externe formulieren , sondern die sich auch selbst stellen .
Etwa : Welchen Risiken dürfen wir die Menschen im Jahr eins nach der Finanzkrise ( in der das Undenkbare geschehen ist ) aussetzen ?
Lieber Herr Professor Scheer : Ich wünsche Ihnen und Ihrer Familie von ganzem Herzen ein gesegnetes Weihnachtsfest und ein gesundes 2010 !
Und wann immer Sie das Bedürfnis haben , eine Pressemitteilung rauszujagen , stellen Sie eine Kerze auf Ihren Schreibtisch , halten andächtig inne und fragen sich : „ Muß das jetzt wirklich sein ? “
Mit freundlichem Gruß
Ihr Joachim Jakobs ( Joachim Jakobs )
There is a lot of confusion out there today over how the first time home buyer tax credit extension figures into the Commerce Department 's report on sales of new construction .
" New Home Sales , " as we call it , plummeted 11 percent , quite unexpectedly , after another rise in " Existing Home Sales " yesterday .
Let 's look at timing , shall we ?
The " New Home Sales " number is based on contracts signed on homes , not closings .
The " Existing Home Sales " number is based on closings .
So the November surge in Existing would have reflected a final push to get in under the wire on the first time home buyer tax credit , which was supposed to expire Nov. 30th .
Realtors tell us 51 percent of sales in November were by first timers .
Shenlong Space Plane Advances China ’s Military Space Potential
Email this article
Print this article
by Richard Fisher , Jr.
Published on
A chance December 11 , 2007 release of a photo on a Chinese website has led to a rare unofficial “ declassification ” of a new Chinese unmanned test space plane .
[ 1 ]
Designated the “ Shenlong , ” or Divine Dragon , this small aircraft was shown suspended from the fuselage of a Xian H - 6 bomber and launch aircraft .
So far there has been no official Chinese government , PLA or Chinese corporate or space program related disclosure about this program .
However , from this photo and other Chinese sources , it is possible to conclude that the Shenlong constitutes a second Chinese air - launched space - launch vehicle ( SLV ) program , but for the purposes of testing technologies for a future re-usable unmanned or manned space shuttle or other trans - atmospheric vehicle .
While both unmanned and manned space planes could serve a range of scientific and commercial missions , it is also clear that the PLA envisions such vehicles to perform military missions .
Chinese military literature has long suggested the PLA seeks to dominate outer space and its successful January 11 , 2007 interception and destruction of a satellite demonstrated the PLA now has an initial space combat capability not currently possessed by the United States .
Initial Shenlong Details
The photo made available on Chinese military issue Internet sites on December 11 shows a small rocket powered aircraft suspended beneath the fuselage of a Xian H - 6 bomber .
The small aircraft has a black underside consistent with heat - shielding necessary for re-entry to Earth ’s atmosphere from space .
This would indicate that Shenlong is meant to be a reusable space craft .
In November 2006 China revealed another air - launched space launch vehicle very similar in configuration to the U.S. Orbital Sciences Pegasus air launched SLV , which is not intended to be reusable .
The new aircraft seen on December 11 does not appear to have a vertical stabilizer or wing - tip stabilizers , which would be necessary for stability , but a subsequent Chinese - Internet released photo indicates this aircraft may have a large vertical stabilizer that will require a different carriage method for the H - 6 bomber .
The absence of a stabilizer for the December 11 aircraft raises the possibility that its main purpose may be to test its aerodynamic compatibility with the bomber , and that it may not be the version that is launched into space .
Within 24 hours of the posting of the initial photo , more apparent details had emerged on Chinese military issue websites .
While interesting , much of this data cannot be confirmed in the absence of any official Chinese government , military or corporate disclosures .
Nevertheless , various posters have suggested that the Shenlong space craft is a program funded by the famous “ 863 Program ” for dual - use high - technology research established in 1986 to advance China ’s military modernization .
The Shenlong carries the program number “ 863-706 , ” and as such , is likely a PLA - priority program .
Other posters revealed that the No. 611 Design Institute usually associated with the Chengdu Aircraft Corporation was involved in some design and testing aspects of the Shenlong .
Another poster revealed an article from mid-October 2007 claiming to show the digital control center created by the 611 Institute to test the Shenlong .
Mark Wade has noted that the 611 Institute may have gained insights regarding space planes from cooperative programs with France during the 1980s , which was developing the Hermes space plane . [ 2 ]
Another interesting aspect of the Shenlong program is that it provides a rare example of how a state and military funded program is assisted by Chinese technical universities .
One web poser revealed that the Nanjing University for Astronautics and Aeronautics ( NUAA ) was likely involved in devising early digital “ computer - aided - design ” ( CAD ) for the spacecraft , which likely used a version of the French Dassault CATIA design software , used throughout China ’s military industries .
NUAA researchers may have also led the design of the control computer and re-entry control system .
Northwest University , which also does extensive 863 Program funded research , is said to have helped design the INS / GPS ( Inertial Navigation System / Global Positioning Navigation Satellite ) control system for the 863-706 program .
The Harbin Technical University , a key center for PLA - funded military - technical research , is said to have helped design composite structures for the Shenlong .
However , these websites were not clear regarding the status of the Shenlong program .
It appears that much of the design work took place between 2000 and 2004 .
One Internet source indicates the original December 11 picture may have been taken in late 2005 , but this can not be confirmed .
The existence of the 611 Institute run test facility might indicate that some degree of flight testing has occurred .
In early 2007 a French publication noted that Western intelligence agencies were very interested in the first test flight of a “ secret super - scramjet demonstrator ” which was tested in late 2006 and landed in the Indian Ocean . [ 3 ]
Indeed , China is pursuing the development of air - breathing hypersonic vehicles , [ 4 ] but it is also possible this may have been a test of the Shenlong .
These same Chinese websites also did not offer details regarding the performance of the Shenlong .
Even if launched from a new H - 6 K bomber , which reportedly will be powered by Russian D - 30 K turbofans and capable of higher launch altitudes , the Shenlong does not appear to be large enough to reach sustained Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) flight .
As such , it may only be capable of short - duration LEO flight over Chinese territory , which would be consistent with a technology test and validation mission .
The Shenlong would also likely help China with the development of hypersonic aircraft .
The initial photo of the Shenlong does not indicate that it can carry a payload other than its motor , liquid fuel and its guidance system .
That said , the Shenlong is broadly similar to U.S. and other unmanned space planes designed to test new technologies .
These would include the U.S. Orbital Sciences X - 34 , Boeing X - 37 and Japan ’s HOPE -X .
A larger version presumably would be able to carry a payload and be capable of sustained LEO flight .
China ’s Interest In Space Planes
China ’s interest in space planes began in earnest with the arrival of Dr. Qian Xueshen , who was the co-founder of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology and made enormous contributions to early U.S. rocket programs .
But in 1950 he was suspected of spying for China , lost his security clearances , put under house arrest , and then deported to China in 1955 as part of post Korean War prisoner exchanges .
Controversy has since raged over whether Qian ’s prosecution was justified , or an example of McCarthy - era paranoia causing a travesty of U.S. justice .
[ 5 ]
But on his return , Qian became a key ally of Mao Zedong and led the creation of China ’s modern missile and aerospace sector .
The release of the Shenlong picture occurred on his 96th birthday , and was thus likely intended as an unofficial tribute to Qian ’s profound contributions to China ’s missile forces , missile defense and anti-satellite programs , and broad manned and unmanned space capabilities .
[ 6 ]
It was Qian ’s 1949 concept for a space plane that formed the basis for the U.S. Air Force ’s “ Dynasoar ” military space plane concept of the early 1960s , [ 7 ] which led to the U.S. Space Shuttle .
Qian also proposed another space plane concept in the late 1970s that closely resembled the Dynasoar .
Spacecraft expert Mark Wade has noted that in 1988 Chinese designers proposed three space plane concepts .
The Chang Cheng 1 was proposed by what is now the Shanghai Academy of Spaceflight technology , and was a 2/3 shuttle - size space plane atop three large boosters .
What is now the China Academy of Launch Technology proposed a much smaller space place atop Long - March size booster .
Finally , the 601 Institute , connected to the Shenyang Aircraft Corporation , proposed a small space plane atop an air - breathing hypersonic launcher .
Only the later would have involved a truly reusable space access system , but all were deemed beyond China ’s capabilities .
But had they been implemented these proposals would have resulted in space planes flying in this decade . [ 8 ]
This ambition has apparently been revived .
In October 2006 the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology ( CALT ) revealed that China is developing a winged space shuttle for use in the 2020 time frame . [ 9 ]
Concept images indicate the planned space plane may be about 2/3 the size of the U.S. and Russian space shuttles .
But instead of a using a large fuel tank that powered launch engines in the space plane , it uses a separate three - part liquid fuel booster .
Chinese ambitions to build an unmanned space plane may also be longstanding .
At the 1996 Zhuhai Airshow this analyst found a Chinese brochure depicting a wind tunnel test model similar in shape to the Shenlong , perhaps indicating that research for the “ 863-706 ” program began in the early 1990s .
Chinese reports in 2006 noted the possible development of a “ recoverable ” space plane and a “ reusable ” space transportation vehicle . [ 10 ]
The Shenlong may be one concept for a reusable space transportation vehicle .
On December 12 Hong Kong ’s Wenweipo newspaper reported comments by spacecraft expert Chinese Academy of Sciences member Zhuang Fenggan , who is also member of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Group and a frequent spokesman for space matters , who noted that China was conducting extensive research on trans - atmospheric vehicles , but that there was no timetable for their completion .
But the same Wenweipo report also noted an aviation industry report which stated that a test flight will occur during the 11th Five Year Plan , or possibly within the next three years . [ 11 ]
China ’s “ Hermes ”
Chinese ambitions to build an unmanned space plane may also be longstanding .
At the 1996 Zhuhai Airshow this analyst found a Chinese brochure depicting a wind tunnel test model similar for what at the time appeared to be a shape for another unknown space plane .
Its main feature is the use of small vertical stabilizers at the tip of the wings .
This shape later seemed similar to the French “ Hermes ” space plane concept of the early 1980s , which was never realized .
However , Mark Wade has noted that the 611 Institute may have gained insights regarding space planes from cooperative programs with France during the 1980s , which was developing the Hermes space plane . [ 12 ]
This may account for the similarity .
Since the 1996 picture there had been no disclosures of additional information about the 1996 wind tunnel model .
But on December 16 , 2007 a Chinese military issue web site disclosed a photo showing a model of the Shenlong along with a model of the Chinese “ Hermes ” space plane , perhaps indicating this space plane concept remains active . [ 13 ]
Military Potential of Unmanned Space Platforms
The Shenlong could validate technologies and form the basis for a range of unmanned and manned space vehicles , which both could serve civil - commercial as well as military missions .
However , it appears be sufficient Chinese literature and statements to justify concern that China ’s space planes are being developed for military missions in space and to attack targets on Earth .
In his recent review of Chinese literature on Chinese military views toward space warfare , Dr. Larry Wortzel noted that China was exploring a list of potential space weapons , which included “ space planes that can transit and fight ‘ up or down ’ in the upper atmosphere or space . ” [ 14 ]
In May 2002 Dr. Zhuang Fenggan gave an interview to the Beijing Youth Daily in which he revealed new information on China ’s space plane plans .
In this article Zhuang suggested that a space plane was intended to be a “ space combat weapons platform ” and serve “ dual use ” missions .
He also noted that a mere “ space shuttle ” did not meet China ’s needs , which required a space plane that could move “ freely ” between space and the upper atmosphere .
Zhuang also identified a number of technologies China would have to master for its space plane , to include hypersonic , high mobility , and advanced materials .
But it is also curious that Zhuang would identify “ high stealth ” and “ precision strike ” technologies as important for China ’s space plane . [ 15 ]
In 2005 three Chinese researchers from the Center for Precision Guidance Technology of the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Aeronautics indicated that China may have already been developing a space capability for attacking targets on Earth .
In one article they noted , “ The greatest advantage of a space - based ground attack weapon system is its high speed and short reentry time .
It is extremely difficult for the enemy to intercept such a weapon . ” [ 16 ]
While this article does not identify Chinese space plane or space shuttles as a potential space based “ ground attack weapon , ” one cannot discount that China may be designing its unmanned or manned space plane for this purpose .
Space Bomber Concept
The concept of a space bomber is not new .
During World War Two Germany ’s Dr. Eugene Albert Sanger proposed a 100 ton rocket powered bomber that would skip atop the upper atmosphere to attack the United States . [ 17 ]
There has also been recent U.S. debate over making greater military use of space .
In 1999 U.S. Congress created The Commission to Assess United States National Security Space Management and Organization , which was led by former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
In its February 2001 report the “ Space Commission ” concluded :
“ The nation ’s vital interests depend increasingly on the capability of its military professionals to develop , acquire and operate systems capable of sustained space combat operations
…
It is also possible to project power though and from space in response to events anywhere in the world .
Unlike weapons from aircraft , land forces or ships , space missions initiated from earth or space could be carried out with little transit , information or weather delay .
Having this capability would give the U.S. a much stronger deterrent , and in combat , an extraordinary military advantage . ” [ 18 ]
After he took office as Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld tried to advance the goal of developing a sub-orbital hypersonic bomber that could reduce the response time for U.S. strikes anywhere on the Earth to a few hours .
But from the partisan atmosphere that greeted the Commission , to Congressional opposition to the hypersonic bomber , and then the change in national priorities that followed the September 11 , 2001 attacks , Rumsfeld ’s ambition for such a hypersonic or space combat platform has not been realized . [ 19 ]
To compensate , the Department of Defense has also proposed outfitting intercontinental ballistic missiles with non-nuclear warheads , which has also been opposed by the Congress .
But following China ’s 2007 successful ASAT demonstration the Bush Administration has sought additional funding for programs designed to protect U.S. space assets , as well as new funding for a hypersonic strike aircraft . [ 20 ]
Implications for the United States
China appears to have made significant progress toward the development of an unmanned trans - atmospheric vehicle .
While it has obvious commercial and scientific uses , it is also clear that much of the purpose behind the development of this craft is military .
The comments of Chinese officials indicate that their rocket powered space plane program may be a reaction to U.S. and Indian ambitions to develop hypersonic transports and bombers .
But the comments of some of these officials plus those of Chinese military academics indicate that a space plane may also form the basis for a space combat platform .
This space combat platform may be intended to attack targets on Earth or it could carry out counter - space combat missions .
In addition , China is aggressively pursuing air - breathing hypersonic propulsion technologies , which may provide another avenue to developing very rapid long - range “ deep strike ” weapons .
China ’s successful test of a direct - ascent anti-satellite interceptor on January 11 , 2007 , following two or three previous tests starting in late 2005 , have provided one warning of China ’s intention to build a robust military space combat capability .
The development of the Shenlong should be viewed as a second warning of China ’s commitment to building combat capabilities in space .
The Shenlong program may also indicate that China intends to field a stealthy “ space bomber ” within the next decade .
China ’s government has refused to discuss its ASAT test in any detail and shows no willingness to reveal its larger plans to develop military space combat capabilities .
Meanwhile , the United States , which decided in the late 1980s not to deploy its own anti-satellite interceptor , today lacks a defense against China ’s ASATs and cannot deter China with corresponding space combat systems .
As such , it is critical that the U.S. proceed with current programs to protect U.S. military and civil space assets .
In addition , the U.S. must now develop a range of capabilities necessary to deter Chinese military attacks in space or from space .
This may require reconsideration of the decision to retire the U.S. Space Shuttle fleet in 2010 .
It may instead now be necessary to consider retaining one or two Shuttles and to develop defensive and offensive payloads for them , until a less expensive and perhaps smaller unmanned or manned space plane can be developed .
Such a new multi-role space plane could be based on an existing air - launched rocket - powered experimental space plane , or be based on a hypersonic platform with the ability to go in and out of space .
But instead of leading the world with this technology , the politics of Washington and the War on Terror may be putting the U.S. in a position of having to catch up to China .
[ 1 ]
While it is not known on which web site the Shenlong photo appeared first , most of the data for this report has been drawn from the CJDBY ( http://bbs.cjdby.net/) and FYJS ( http://www.fyjs.cn/bbs/index.php) websites for December 11 and 12 , 2007 .
[ 2 ] Mark Wade , “ China , ” Encyclopedia Astronautica , http://www.astronautix.com/articles/china.htm
[ 3 ] “ Hypersonic : China In The Race , ” Paris Air & Cosmos , February 23 , 2007 , p. 8 .
[ 4 ] Craig Covault , “ China ’s Scramjet Ambitions , ” Aviation Week and Space Technology , September 3 , 2007 , p. 28-30 .
[ 5 ]
The argument that Qian was a victim of McCarthy era paranoia was made eloquently by the late Iris Chang in her 1995 biography of Qian , The Thread of the Silkworm .
In 1999 the Select Committee of the House of Repersentatives led by Congressman Christopher Cox produced a report based largely on government sources , which noted Qian ’s contributions to China ’s missile and space sector , but also stated , “ The allegations that he was spying for the PRC are presumed to be true . ”
[ 6 ]
Chinese sources note that Qian was the inspiration for the 1963 “ 640 Program , ” China ’s first attempt to build an anti-ballistic missile defense system , which by the 1970s had expanded to include a sub-program to develop an anti-satellite interceptor .
While the 640 Program was cancelled in 1980 , the successful completion of a new ASAT program raises the question whether China also has an associated ABM program .
In the late 1960s Qian also led China ’s first manned space program , which produced spacecraft designs and an astronaut training program , but was terminated by Mao in 1971 due to financial constraints .
[ 7 ]
Mark Wade , “ Tsien Spaceplane 1949 , ” Encyclopedia Astronautica , http://www.astronautix.com/lvs/tsie1949.htm.
[ 8 ]
For an excellent description of China ’s space plane history see Mark Wade , “ Chinese Manned Spacecraft , ” Astronautics.com , http://www.astronautix.com/craftfam/chicraft.htm.
[ 9 ]
Rob Coppinger , “ First RLV By 2020 ? , ” Flight International , October 17 , 2006 .
[ 10 ] Wenweipo , December 1 , 2006 .
[ 11 ] Liu Ning - chol , “ Domestic space plane test flight in three years , ” Wenweipo , December 12 , 2007 , http://paper.wenweipo.com/2007/12/11/CH0712110034.htm.
[ 12 ] Mark Wade , “ China , ” Encyclopedia Astronautica , http://www.astronautix.com/articles/china.htm.
[ 13 ]
This photo was seen in an article on China .
Military .
Com , http://military.china.com/zh_cn/bbs2/11053806/20071216/14552048.html.
This photo also reveals what may be a model of the new JL - 2 SLBM , with a blunt nose cone , perhaps indicative of multiple warheads .
The photo also contains a flying body with a thin sharp delta wing , perhaps indicating a Chinese hypersonic test vehicle .
[ 14 ] Larry M. Wortzel , The Chinese People ’s Liberation Army and Space Warfare , Emerging United States - China Military Competition , Washington , DC : American Enterprise Institute , October 2007 , p. 7 , ref. , footnote 76 .
[ 15 ] Beijing Youth Daily , May 31 , 2002 , accessed on http://www.fyjs.cn/bbs/read.php?tid=119268&fpage=2 , December 12 , 2007 .
Article also mentioned in “ China Begins To Fund Research Into Space Shuttle Program , ” AFP , May 31 , 2002 .
[ 16 ] Yuan Guoxiong , Bai Tao , and Ren Zhang ( Center of Precision Guidance Technology , Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics , Beijing 100083 ) , “ A Hybrid Reentry Guidance Method for Space - Based Ground Attack Weapon System , ” Beijing Zhanshu Daodan Kongzhi Jishu , September 1 , 2005 , Open Source Center CPP20060104424006 .
[ 17 ] See James P. Duffy , Target : America , Hitler ’s Plan To Attack The United States , Praeger , 2004 .
[ 18 ] Report of the Commission To Assess United States National Security Space Management And Organization , Pursuant to Public Law 106-65 , January 11 , 2001 , p. X , 33 . , http://stinet.dtic.mil/cgi-bin/GetTRDoc?AD=ADA404328&Location=U2&doc=GetTRDoc.pdf.
[ 19 ]
For review of the Commission and reaction to Rumsfeld ’s space bomber concept see Benjamin Lambeth , Mastering The Ultimate High Ground , Next Steps In The Military Uses of Space , Washington , DC : RAND Corporation , 2003 , http://www.rand.org/pubs/monograph_reports/MR1649/ ; Robert Windrem , “ Pentagon Planning for Space Bomber , ” MSNBC , August 14 , 2001 , http://www.globalsecurity.org/org/news/2001/010814-space.htm
; Ed Vulliamy , “ Bush Plans ‘ Space Bomber , ’’’ The Observer , July 29 , 2001 , http://observer.guardian.co.uk/international/story/0,6903,529208,00.html.
[ 20 ] Walter Pincus , “ Space Defense Programs Get Extra Funding , ” The Washington Post , November 12 , 2007 , p. A 19 .
back to top ^
Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht recently paid a visit to the Brooklyn home of famous minor television personality John Hodgman to filmepisode # 231 of Diggnation .
In the video Hodgman , who plays the “ The PC ” in Apple ’s “ Get A Mac ” ads , is seen using a Mac , explaining that he ’s been a Mac user since 1984 .
Rachel Sklar recently interviewed John Hodgman on Mediaite where he itemizes all the various Macs he ’s used over the years .
For more than 30 years , residents of Point Place and surrounding areas have depended on the neighborhood law firm of
James S. Nowak Attorney at Law
. Born and raised in Toledo , Ohio , attorney Nowak has dedicated his career to serving the needs of the local community in the areas of estate planning , probate , real estate and business law .
Attorney Nowak holds a “ Distinguished ” rating with Martindale - Hubbell . *
Our staff ’s extensive experience gives us an unrivaled understanding of the needs of our clients .
Mr. Nowak ’s in - depth knowledge of Ohio and Michigan laws enables him to handle your specific legal questions .
* Madoff moved to medical wing Dec. 18
* Bureau of Prisons declines comment on reason for move ( Adds background )
WASHINGTON , Dec 23 ( Reuters ) - Convicted swindler Bernard Madoff was moved last week to the medical center within a federal prison for undisclosed reasons , a spokeswoman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons said on Wednesday .
Spokeswoman Traci Billingsley said he had been transferred on Dec. 18 , but she declined to comment on the reason , citing privacy rules .
Madoff , 71 , is serving a 150 - year prison term after pleading guilty to a $ 65 billion fraud .
He has been imprisoned at the Butner Federal Correctional Complex in North Carolina .
A lawyer for Madoff was not immediately available for comment .
In late August , prison officials denied a published report that Madoff had been diagnosed with cancer and was terminally ill .
The New York Post reported that Madoff had cancer and that he had told other inmates that he did not have long to live .
The newspaper cited unnamed prison sources .
Madoff pleaded guilty in March to orchestrating a worldwide Ponzi scheme that bilked thousands of investors .
( Reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky ; Editing by Toni Reinhold )
At Gregg W. Schuder Attorney at Law , our clients come first .
Every client is treated with courtesy and is guaranteed effective representation .
Our expertise and integrity have earned us a reputation as one of Alpharetta , Buford , Cumming , Duluth , Gainesville , Johns Creek , Milton , and Roswell Georgia 's premier legal firms .
Our consistent track record of uncompromising ethics instills confidence and trust .
We use cutting edge technologies that allow us to respond quickly , and give you the most relevant information and perspectives .
Gregg W. Schuder is dedicated to achieving the best outcome for every client .
With Gregg W. Schuder on your side , you will come out on top .
Contact us at ( 404 ) 630-1715 for help with your criminal law ( dui , minor in possession , domestic violence , theft , shoplifting , etc. ) or family law ( divorce , child custody , child support , etc. ) issues .
Information contained in this , or any other , website is general in nature and does not constitute legal advice .
The only information you should rely upon is legal advice given to you by an experienced , licensed attorney whom you have hired to represent you .
No attorney can properly advise you about your case by answering a single question .
Price Discrimination Explains Everything By Arnold Kling
In my high school economics class , my students asked me to explain why there are sales on “ Black Friday . ”
The class period was over , so I only had time to blurt out “ price discrimination ” without getting into an explanation of what it is and why it explains sales .
I think that price discrimination really deserves a lot more attention than it gets in the economics curriculum .
A lot of “ economic naturalist ” sorts of questions are correctly answered by appealing to the concept of price discrimination .
I think it explains airline pricing , credit card pricing , cable TV pricing , cell phone pricing , movie popcorn pricing , etc .
Suppose that a new video game console comes out .
BZ likes video games , but he is only willing to pay about $ 200 for the console .
JS lives for video games , and he would pay $ 400 for the console .
The manufacturer would like to charge $ 400 to JS and $ 200 to BZ .
However , to do so blatantly would be illegal .
It might also be impractical –what is to stop BZ from buying two consoles for $ 200 and selling one of them to JS for much less than $ 400 ?
The console maker looks for ways to price discriminate .
There might be a “ standard ” version of the console that sells for $ 200 and a “ deluxe ” version that sells for $ 400 .
If the features in the deluxe version appeal to JS but not to BZ , this will work .
Or the maker might release the console initially at a price of $ 400 , wait three months , and cut the price to $ 200 .
If BZ is willing to wait but JS is not , then this will work .
Back to the original question , temporary sales are often a tool for price discrimination .
If you need something now , you have to buy it whether or not it is “ on sale . ”
But if the purchase is discretionary , you may only buy it “ on sale . ”
The store keeps its prices high ordinarily , in order to pick up profits from the price - insensitive shoppers .
The store puts items “ on sale ” on rare occasions , hoping to pick up profits from price - sensitive shoppers .
Unfortunately , they lose profits from price - insensitive shoppers who happen to come in the day of the sale .
The beauty of holding sales on “ Black Friday ” is that stores know that many price - insensitive shoppers will stay away in order to “ avoid the crowds . ”
So you can get revenue from price - sensitive shoppers without sacrificing profits from price - insensitive shoppers .
Beijing , China ( CNN ) -- Secret , illegal " black jails " exist in China , a state - run weekly has confirmed , despite official denials otherwise .
Chinese citizens in search of justice often end up in such detention centers when they file complaints against the government , the state - run weekly magazine Outlook reported last week .
A network of such jails awaits the petitioners when they travel to Beijing and provincial capitals to seek redress or compensation for injustices .
Many are victims of land grabs , physical assault , discrimination and corruption , often at the hands of local officials .
" They come to Beijing out of desperation after they hit a dead end in their localities , " said a government official who spoke on condition of anonymity , because he is not authorized to speak publicly .
Government officials have adamantly denied that such facilities exist .
The report by Outlook -- detailing a " gray industry " of illegal detention centers -- also was published online by its parent company , the official Xinhua news agency .
It was a rare reference to illegal detention centers in official Chinese media .
A staffer at the Ministry of Public Security 's information office declined to comment on the Outlook report , saying " this issue and the reports are irrelevant to our duty and work . "
Human Rights
Watch released a report this month on the jails .
The report is based on interviews with victims , the New York - based aid agency said .
In the report , the agency details how government officials or security forces seize petitioners in Beijing and other Chinese cities , strip them of their possessions and imprison them .
Human rights activists and petitioners call them black jails because they operate outside the sanctioned institutions .
" The existence of black jails in the heart of Beijing makes a mockery of the Chinese government 's rhetoric on improving human rights and respecting the rule of law , " said Sophie Richardson , Asia advocacy director for Human Rights Watch .
Official denials continue .
" I 'm not sure what evidence the report of Human Rights Watch is based on , " the ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement .
" However , I can tell you that there are no such black jails in China . "
According to Outlook , local governments send officials to Beijing to set up ad hoc offices to handle the petitioners from their regions .
Once the petitioners file complaints , officials -- worried that they will receive demerits from superiors because of the complaints -- hunt down the petitioners , grab them off the streets and lock them up in rundown hotels , rented houses and nursing homes .
Security guards keep petitioners from escaping .
" The aim is for these officials to cajole , pacify or scare the petitioners to return home , " the government official said .
" Problem is , many of these officials are crude and abusive . "
Xinhua referred to a report from an " authoritative department , " saying that there are 73 temporary " petitioner - reception offices " in Beijing , among which 57 , or 78 percent , are set up by local cities .
There are 46 illegal petitioner - reception centers , such as houses rented from farmers .
Yu Jianrong , a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , a government think tank , worries that the illegal actions against petitioners will weaken the effectiveness of the courts set up to resolve social problems .
" The illegal petitioner - handling measures can create new conflicts and instability , " Yu said .
The Outlook report does not mean the government will address the issue , one expert said .
" I do n't see it as a sign that the central government is planning to ban them , " said Donald Clarke , a lawyer and expert on the Chinese legal system .
" Recall that they are already banned -- there is at present no proper legal basis for petitioners being detained there .
It is already kidnapping or unlawful detention , from a legal point of view . "
As if we needed more credibility to Android or the Droid specifically .
Â Motorola ’s signature handset has topped TIME ’s annual list of gadgets for 2009 , saying this marks “ Android ’s first credible challenge to the iPhone ” .
Â Huzzah !Â Validation feels good , but so does getting to say “ I told you so ! ” Â I know Android is capable of more than other phones , but getting big companies on board seemed like a huge undertaking .
Â
In all honesty , I would have expected to see the iPhone 3GS at the top off the list .
That ’s just how lists like this generally end up .
Android actually lands in the top 2 spots if you count the Barnes & Noble nook .
Â
And yeah , we count it !
Everybody likes Android , Google ’s open - source smartphone operating system .
But a smartphone operating system is n’t all that satisfying without an actual kick - ass smartphone wrapped around it .
Now Android has one :
The Droid is a hefty beast , a metal behemoth without the gloss and finish of the iPhone , but you do n’t miss it .
The Droid ’s touchscreen is phenomenally sharp and vivid , it has an actual physical ( not great , but good enough ) keyboard , and best of all , the Droid is on Verizon ‘s best - of - breed 3G network .
It ’s Android ’s first credible challenge to the iPhone .
The full top 10 gadgets shakes out like this :
Motorola Droid Barnes & Noble nook Dyson Air Multiplier iPhone 3GS Canon EOS - 1D Mark IV Dell Adamo XPS FinePix Real 3D W1 Casio G- Shock GW7900B - 1 Beats Solo by Dr. Dre Panasonic G10 Series Plasma HDTVs
How many gadgets will Android be running next year ?
The family of a north London man condemned to death in China has written to the Chinese Ambassador urging Beijing to show compassion .
Akmal Shaikh , 53 , from Kentish Town , is to be executed on Tuesday after losing a final appeal this week .
He was arrested on 12 September , 2007 in Urumqi , north - west China , and charged with drug smuggling .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Campaigners claim his mental illness - he has bipolar disorder - has not been taken into account .
Shaikh 's brother , Akbar , tells in his letter how his brother 's life was destroyed by mental illness .
He also says that Akmal , when healthy , was a kind and harmless man who was much loved by his family .
He writes to Madam Fu Ying that the family were devastated when they learned of his arrest , adding : " When he is well , my brother is a kind and loving man , who would never harm anyone .
The idea that he would be transporting drugs is completely out of character for him .
" Our family strongly believes that Akmal must have been delusional at the time of his arrest , and it does seem that others took advantage of his mental vulnerability .
" We now plead for mercy and clemency .
We have the greatest respect for the Chinese government , its people , and the high value placed on the importance of the family . "
Sally Rowen , legal director of the death penalty team for human rights campaign group Reprieve , said : " During this holiday season , Akmal Shaikh 's family are living through an unimaginable nightmare as they contemplate their loved one 's execution .
Akbar 's letter , written with the highest respect for the Chinese people , is a heart - rending plea for compassion . "
Prime Minister Gordon Brown is among those who have urged the Chinese government to grant Mr Shaikh a reprieve from the death sentence .
All the news yesterday out of Rupert Murdoch 's interview with Sky News was about Murdoch 's endorsement of Glenn Beck 's claim that President Obama is a racist who hates white people .
But the rest of the interview had some even more disturbing remarks in it -- especially early on , when talking about his plan to make everyone pay for their Internet content .
Rupert , Rupert , Rupert .
He just does n't understand how the Internet works .
If he continues to actively try to destroy the " fair use " of content , readers from all across the political spectrum will revolt against him .
Even from his own side .
Murdoch hates Google and every other search engine because he thinks by having Google linking to his stories , they are kleptomaniacs and robbing him .
When asked why he just does n't remove his websites from Google searches now , he replies that he will after he turns them all into " just for pay " only sites .
If he feels they are ripping him off then why does n't he do it now ?
The answer is he can't afford to do that .
I dare him to do it .
newsroomamerica writes :
When challenged that his news organisations could just remove themselves from the search engines , he said " I think we will .
But that 's when we start charging .
We do it already with the Wall Street Journal .
We have a wall but its not right to the ceiling , you get the first paragraph of each story .
If you are not a paying subscriber of WSJ.com you get a paragraph and a subscription form .
Was this WSJ model what we can expect to see in other online publications ?
" Maybe , maybe .
There 's a doctrine called ' fair use ' , which we believe could be challenged in the courts and bar it all together .
But it 's ok , we are getting a lot of advertising revenue so we will take that slowly . "
The doctrine of fair use defines the various purposes for which the reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair , such as news reporting , and is a content gathering cornerstone for most mainstream media , including publications owned by Mr Murdoch .
The NY Times already tried the firewall approach and failed .
Jamie Holly emailed me and said :
When a search engine goes to a website it reads a file called robots .
txt .
This is like an instruction manual for search engines on what to search and not to search .
You can view my robots .
txt file here .
So what does the robots .
txt file on foxnews.com say ?
Well look at that .
Not only is Fox allowing Google , but they are giving specific directions to Google to read files and index those items .
So in an analogy sense this is like inviting someone into your home , pointing out all your valuables and asking them to take them .
You even help them carry them out the door and wave good bye with a big old smile , then go inside and call the police reporting you 've just been robbed .
And Murdoch going after " fair use " is really interesting .
The big question under section 107 of the copyright law has always been this : ( 3 ) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole ; and Fair use is allowed for : for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching ( including multiple copies for classroom use ) , scholarship , or research .
Google only shows a headline and around 128 characters , which a lot of times is n't even a full sentence for their " news " service , which is also considered a very valuable " research " tool .
If he thinks some judge would rule that as not being fair use then he is dumber than I thought .
I really hope Murdoch does go after Google legally on this .
It would be so much fun to watch .
Of course the only lawyer that I think would take Murdoch 's case is Orly Taitz .
Glenn Beck joins the Net Neutrality fight by standing with Rupert and the wealthy as usual .
Beck says Net Neutrality would ' destroy the free market that created the Internet ' .
Oh really ?
Yes ma'am , may I have another ?
Does Murdoch really believe that every other content provider in one form or another will suddenly join up with him and boycott Google and turn the net into a pay - per - view outlet ?
I can only imagine the fun hackers would have at destroying his website security if he actually tried to implement it .
Posted by Audiegrl
In this poignant video below , 86 year old Philip Spooner , who is a life long resident of Maine and a Republican , speaks out on the reason we need marriage equality in this country .
The fight for marriage equality in Maine is coming up in two weeks .
If the “ No on 1 ” campaign is successful , Maine will become the first state in the nation to successfully defend marriage equality in the voting booth .
Get this video out to as many people as you can .
Transcript : Good morning , Committee .
My name is Phillip Spooner and I live at 5 Graham Street in Biddeford .
I am 86 years old and a lifetime Republican and an active VFW chaplain .
I still serve three hospitals and two nursing homes and I also serve Meals on Wheels for 28 years .
My wife of 54 years , Jenny , died in 1997 .
Together we had four children , including the one gay son .
All four of our boys were in the service .
I was born on a potato farm north of Caribou and Perham , where I was raised to believe that all men are created equal and I ’ve never forgotten that .
I served in the U.S. Army , 1942 - 1945 , in the First Army , as a medic and an ambulance driver .
I worked with every outfit over there , including Patton ’s Third Army .
I saw action in all five major battles in Europe , and including the Battle of the Bulge .
My unit was awarded Presidential Citations for transporting more patients with fewer accidents than any other ambulance unit I was in the liberation of Paris .
After the war I carried POW ’s back from Poland , Hungary , and Yugoslavia , and also hauled hundreds of injured Germans back to Germany .
I am here today because of a conversation I had last June when I was voting .
A woman at my polling place asked me , “ Do you believe in equal , equality for gay and lesbian people ? ” I was pretty surprised to be asked a question like that .
It made no sense to me .
Finally I asked her , “ What do you think our boys fought for at Omaha Beach ? ” I have n’t seen much , so much blood and guts , so much suffering , much sacrifice .
For what ?
For freedom and equality .
These are the values that give America a great nation , one worth dying for .
I give talks to eighth grade teachers about World War II , and I do n’t tell them about the horror .
Maybe [ inaudible ] ovens of Buchenwald and Dachau .
I ’ve seen with my own eyes the consequences of caste systems and it make some people less than others , or second class .
Never again .
We must have equal rights for everyone .
It ’s what this country was started for .
It takes all kinds of people to make a world war .
It does make no sense that some people who love each other can marry and others can’t just because of who they are .
This is what we fought for in World War II .
That idea that we can be different and still be equal .
My wife and I did not raise four sons with the idea that three of them would have a certain set of rights , but our gay child would be left out .
We raised them all to be hard - working , proud , and loyal Americans and they all did good .
I think it ’s too bad those who want to get married , they should be able to .
Everybody ’s supposed to be equal in equality in this country .
Let gay people have the right to marry .
Thank you
Kurt Cobb is an author , speaker , and columnist focusing on energy and the environment .
He is a regular contributor to the Energy Voices section of The Christian Science Monitor and author of the ...
Many scientists have long complained that standard economics fails to account for the biological and physical systems that form the basis of the economy .
In short , the economy is a subset of the environment and governed by the same biological and physical laws as every other system on the planet .
In 1850 when the total world population was 1.26 billion , the idea that resources critical to industrial society would decline or even run out seemed far - fetched .
Fast forward to today where threats of fossil fuel depletion , mineral depletion , groundwater depletion , fisheries destruction , soil erosion and decline in soil fertility are being seriously discussed in scientific , policy and journalistic circles .
The population has reached almost 6.8 billion , and there are questions about whether current rates of consumption can continue without threatening the resource base vital to modern society as well as the stability of the climate and critical ecosystems .
The human footprint on the planet has increased enormously , not merely by the factor of about 5.3 times suggested by population growth , but more like the 45 times suggested by the rise in total consumption of energy .
( See slide number 13 in David Hughes ' excellent presentation before the Association for the Study of Peak Oil & Gas - USA 2008 conference . )
Neoclassical economists have long held that industrial societies will not run out of needed resources for two reasons :
1 ) Rising prices for scarce resources will lead to more efficient use of them , and 2 ) those same rising prices will spur innovation that will end the need for the scarce resource or find a more abundant substitute .
Many of the same economists have also embraced the idea that exponential growth of the world economy can go on indefinitely , in part because of the effect of prices on efficient use of resources and substitution for them .
These claims are not easily dismissed for historical reasons .
History has recorded case after case of more abundant resources being substituted for increasingly scarce ones .
And , human civilization has experienced almost continuous economic growth since the dawn of the industrial age .
Still , some scientists and even a few economists are concerned enough to propose an entirely different basis for economics .
First , they point to the impossibility of perpetual economic growth .
Since the economy is a subset of the environment , it cannot grow larger than that environment .
Yes , we may learn to do things more efficiently and more intelligently over time .
But at some point the physical throughput of the economy will cease to grow .
We simply cannot process more material than is contained in the entire biosphere .
And , the limit of what we can process is undoubtedly only a fraction of the total biosphere since human life depends on the proper functioning of many other ecosystems which must have access to resources from the biosphere as well .
Second , efficiency in resource use has only led to greater consumption , a counterintuitive outcome known as the Jevons Paradox .
The world has seen again and again that as efficiency in resource use increases , prices drop and more and more people are able to afford and therefore demand those resources to enhance the quality of their lives .
Efficiency also tends to promote overall economic growth .
The end result is faster depletion of finite resources and overuse of renewable ones such as fisheries .
Third , substitution requires time .
Because industrial society is entirely dependent on the continuous functioning of its machine infrastructure , disruption resulting from the failure to find a substitute for a critical input such as , say , fossil fuels , in a timely fashion risks the collapse of that system .
These and other concerns have led to a widening literature on what is now referred to as biophysical economics .
Biophysical economics is often used interchangeably with ecological economics .
While biophysical economics borrows much of its analysis from ecological economics , biophysical economics focuses on the central role of energy flows through the economic system and therefore the role that entropy and depletion play in its functioning and prospects .
The main insight in biophysical economics is that the use of finite fossil fuel resources is a linear system , a one - way street if you will , when it comes to entropy .
All of human civilization now depends on the exponentially increasing use of fossil fuels .
In energetic terms we are taking low entropy matter and converting it to high entropy matter using some of the energy liberated by the conversion to perform work in society .
This is just a fancy way of describing the combustion of fossil fuels which provide 86 percent of the energy for the global economy .
But it points up a very important principle embodied in the Second Law of Thermodynamics .
The universe is moving inexorable toward a state of higher entropy .
Once fossil fuels are transformed from low entropy states ( coal , oil , natural gas ) to a high entropy state ( carbon dioxide and heat ) , they can not be reused .
Since fossil fuels are finite and substitution requires time , it is critical that the move from fossil fuels to some other energy source for the economy begin long before exhaustion so current sources of energy can be used to build the next energy economy .
This is what is often referred to as the rate - of - conversion problem Neoclassical economics posits that marketplace dynamics will determine the energy transition from fossil fuels to something else through the price mechanism coupled with innovation .
Some have therefore referred to neoclassical economics as " faith - based " since it assumes that energy prices will behave in ways that encourage a smooth transition .
It also assumes that innovation will appear as needed and more importantly , to be deployed widely enough so as to avoid a prolonged gap in the operation of the modern machine infrastructure , a gap that could ultimately lead to a collapse of the system .
Biophysical economics then is 1 ) a critique of the weaknesses of the current prevailing neoclassical economic thinking which is pervasive in government and industry planning circles and 2 ) an attempt to map out a new set of principles that are biophysically based .
Biophysical economics seeks neither to throw out all that neoclassical economics can tell us about markets and incentives , nor does it propose to provide an energy theory of value .
Rather , it is attempting to provide a more comprehensive view of the interactions of the economy and the natural world so as to make policy decisions better informed .
Many will say that neoclassical economics has served us well in describing people and markets and has helped to provide a framework for unprecedented material prosperity for humans throughout the world .
But a growing chorus of critics finds neoclassical economic ideas wanting when it comes to describing people 's actual economic behavior ; explaining and preventing breakdowns in market functions such as those that occurred in 2008 ; or preventing massive environmental damage including climate change , rapid declines in fisheries , soil erosion , toxic emissions , water depletion and myriad other problems .
Neoclassical economists refer to the the last class of problems as externalities .
But it is just such externalities that biophysical economics seeks to include within a new system of economic thinking .
Energy is not the only thing which provides value in an economic system .
But it is the " master resource " without which nothing else gets done .
Its use and misuse are the central plank of an ecologically minded biophysical economics .
As the planet 's leaders grapple with the myriad ecological and resource problems that threaten the very continuity of modern civilization , they should look to biophysical economics for a more comprehensive view of where the human economy fits into the broader environment .
Cleveland , Cutler ( Lead Author ) and Robert Costanza ( Topic Editor ) .
2008 . " Biophysical economics . "
In : Encyclopedia of Earth .
Eds. Cutler J. Cleveland ( Washington , D.C. : Environmental Information Coalition , National Council for Science and the Environment ) .
Hall , Charles A. S. and Kent A. Klitgaard .
The Need for a New , Biophysical - Based Paradigm in Economics for the Second Half of the Age Of Oil .
International Journal of Transdisciplinary Research .
Vol. 1 , No. 1 , 2006 : 4 -22 .
Decelerating at Alpha Centauri
As we await results from ongoing observations of the Alpha Centauri stars , let ’s summarize for a moment what we currently know .
While the subject is still up for debate , a number of studies have suggested that terrestrial planets can form around either Centauri A or B , with planetary systems extending as far out as 2.5 AU .
And while planets have been discovered in binary systems not dissimilar to the Centauri stars , current estimates are that Centauri B has the greater chance of having a planet within the habitable zone .
A warm blue and green world with oceans and continents , not so different from Earth , perhaps , could yet be found around Centauri B .
Supposing this scenario is proven correct , Greg Matloff ( CUNY ) has gone to work on how we might use Centauri A , even if it turns out to be without planets , to help us explore Centauri B .
He ’s thinking , of course , in terms of solar sails and the need to decelerate upon arrival in the destination system .
Centauri A , a G2V star , is larger and brighter than Centauri B , a K1V .
And as Matloff notes in a paper authored for the International Astronautical Congress in Daejeon , Korea this past October , the high luminosity of Centauri A improves solar sail deceleration for a future interstellar mission .
This leads to some interesting scenarios .
Centauri
A is better at decelerating a solar sail starship than the Sun would be at accelerating it in the first place .
Suppose , then , we start thinking in terms of getting the most out of both stars .
From the paper :
One possibility is a two - stage starship .
A solar sail could first be used to accelerate a starship leaving the solar system .
Since α Centauri
A could decelerate a faster craft , a second stage ( fusion pulse , beamed energy or antimatter ) could be used after the sail has concluded solar acceleration .
Matloff is clearly thinking here about an initial acceleration based on solar photons alone , in which case the sail has done most of its work by the time it has passed , roughly , the orbit of Jupiter .
We could extend the idea even further by coupling beamed sail concepts with the two - stage approach , using laser or microwave beaming to provide enhanced acceleration for a much longer period before a second - stage using any of the technologies Matloff mentions kicks in .
A second prospect conjures up a well - known science fiction novel :
Another approach is to utilize both the α Centauri suns to decelerate a solar - sail starship .
The spacecraft would first approach one of these stars , decelerate and perform a gravity - assist maneuver to approach the second star to complete the deceleration process .
This is the reverse of the acceleration maneuver of the fictional residents of the α Centauri system described by Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin and John Barnes in their novel Encounter with Tiber ( Warner , NY , 1996 ) .
Matloff examines several scenarios that put these ideas in context , including the case of a spacecraft that uses a solar sail at Centauri A to decelerate to rest relative to the star .
Here he looks at various values for sail reflectivity and areal mass thickness , showing the maximum velocity ( i.e. , the initial spacecraft velocity at the start of deceleration ) possible for each of these conditions to bring the sail safely to rest at 0.066 AU from the star .
Even in the best case scenario , we are talking about velocities less than .004c , or roughly 1150 kilometers per second .
Quite a step up from current technologies ( such as New Horizon ’s current heliocentric velocity of 16.49 kilometers per second ) , but a long 1100 year haul to Centauri space .
The paper is Matloff , “ Solar Photon Sail Deceleration at Alpha Centauri A. ”
Many thanks to Dr. Matloff for passing along a copy of this paper .
I had completely gotten the preconceived notion in my head that I would receive bacon mints , thinkgeek toys , Reddit swag , or nothing from this gift exchange .
I was so very wrong .
My secret santa blew me away and I do n't even know how to thank him .
A while back I had created a post about my dog , Daisy having to be put down here :
http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/aahgi/my_family_had_to_put_our_best_friend_daisy_down/
It was not a big post , no votes or comments and I was fine with it that way .
It was just my little tribute to my best friend of 10 years that could live out on the internet .
I forgot all about the post .
Fast forward to last Friday .
I received my gift and excitedly tore it open !
What did I get ?!!?
A card .
I 'll save that for last .
A USB Christmas tree !
Perfect for my office !
Rad !
A book .
Blink :
The power of thinking without thinking by Malcom Gladwell ... I love books !
So at this point I think that 's everything and I 'm already pumped !
Before I open the card I decide to dig down in the packing peanuts just to make sure .
There is something flat against the bottom of the box .. hooray more presents !
As I 'm digging it out I recognize it as a picture frame , but I can't wrap my brain around why a stranger would send me a picture frame for Christmas .
I turn it over and am stopped dead in my tracks .
There staring at me , is my favorite picture of my best buddy Daisy .
I literally almost broke down .
I can't explain it , I was all pumped up for silly / awesome gifts and out of nowhere this stranger who did n't even know me had gotten me the most special thing I will receive from anyone this Christmas .
I have pictures of Daisy on my phone and computer but nothing to display ... until now .
It 's a lovely silver frame with the words " Family " written around the edges .
I really do n't think my Santa knows how much what they did means to me , I 've never had a lot of family .
Just friends I call my extended family .
My dog was always the closest thing I had to a REAL honest - to - god blood relative and now I have a special reminder to display .
Thank you so so much Edditbtx !
I 'll never forget it !
Edit : I can't believe I forgot to mention they also sent me a very lovel card along with wallet size photos of this picture of Daisy !
Unfortunately the wallet size photos did n't make it through the weekend ( Sometimes I think Daisy was more popular than me ) or I would of posted pics of those too .
I 'm so excited !
Merry Christmas everyone !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Police have released dramatic CCTV footage of a teenager pointing a gun at the head of a man outside a pub in Manchester .
The 43 - year - old came out of the premises to check his wife was OK after hearing a series of gunshots .
Unfazed , the man wrestled the gun away and was unhurt .
The incident happened in May .
Nineteen - year - old James Drewitt from the Longsight area of Manchester was sentenced to a minimum of three years in prison for the crime .
Klavdievskaya factory is one of not many that produced Christmas - tree decorations in Soviet period .
The factory was founded in 1949 in Klavdievo , near Kiev and first was specialized on laboratory glass products .
In 50 ’s it started to profile in producing Christmas - tree decorations .
Almost all of the production is exported ( about 96 % ) to Germany , Belgium , Holland , France , Great Britain , USA and etc. and only 4 % stays in Ukraine .
Let ’s see how the process of making Christmas - tree decoration looks like .
The first phase of decoration production is a ball or other decoration glass - blowing from the tube with the height of 1.5 m .
First the tube is heated up till 1.5 thousand degrees and then is pulled out into the thin long tubes .
Then the decoration is blown out .
Delicacy of this job for glass - blower is to take as much air into the lungs as it ’s necessary for the decoration of the certain diameter .
For one shift the master can make up to 200 Christmas - tree decorations .
The second stage is silvering .
Silver oxide , ammonia and distilled water in a certain proportion are injected into the decoration .
Christmas - tree decoration with this mixture is put into hot water , the reaction happens and silver is vaporized fortifying on inner walls .
Decoration is shaken up several times after that so silver could run evenly .
After that the rest of water is poured out .
The third phase is painting .
Silver - plated decorations are wiped and dipped into paint .
Painted decorations go to the oven and get dry under the lamps .
The fourth phase is artistic design .
Artists draw the certain picture on the decoration .
To have the sparkling design first the glue is put on the ball and afterwards it is sprinkled with the sparkles .
Every artist can draw all over from 50 to 100 of Christmas - tree decorations a day .
The fifth phase is end -cutting .
It is done with the diamond circle .
All is left is just to put well - known caps with eyes …and its ready to pack !
And at the end here are some examples from the whole variety of the Christmas - tree decorations , produced at this factory .
Photi credits : 1
The government has refused to give MPs access to papers on international negotiations about copyright enforcement on the internet and at national borders .
Junior business minister David Lammy said he could not put documents about the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) in the House of Commons Library , because other countries wanted to maintain secrecy .
Lammy said he was " sympathetic " to calls for more transparency and had told his officials to press the point at the talks , but added : " Disclosure of any documents without the agreement of all our ACTA negotiating partners would damage the United Kingdom 's international relations .
" This would harm our ability to protect , promote and secure an outcome in the UK 's interest , and the premature release of documents that are not agreed and not fully developed may also have a negative effect on the government 's reputation . "
The secrecy surrounding ACTA has prompted speculation the agreement will be favourable to the music and film industries , whose lobbyists are party to the discussions .
The European Commission , also involved in negotiations , responded that " ACTA will not go further than the current EU regime for enforcement of intellectual property rights " .
It also rejected claims that ACTA will mean border guards will search digital devices for pirated material .
" EU customs , frequently confronted with traffics of drugs , weapons or people , do neither have the time nor the legal basis to look for a couple of pirated songs on an iPod music player or laptop computer , and there is no intention to change this , " the Commission said , claiming talks on border measures concerned controls on conterfeiting .
In December , EuroISPA , an ISP trade association , said the ACTA talks could be used to spread disconnection policies for online copyright infringers , already proposed in the UK under the Digital Economy Bill .
" If some of the proposals currently under discussion in the context of these trade negotiations are adopted , ISPs will have to implement ' graduated response ' measures , " EuroISPA said .
Others have argued that ACTA will make little difference to copyright enforcement in the UK .
The true effect should be clear when the talks are completed this year and the final agreement published . ®
We got off our plane exhausted from the late flight .
We got our bags and found a taxi .
Due to our tiredness we went to bed as soon as we could .
The next day we woke up to a very grey day , which is actually what the weather is like all year round , it is a mix of mist and pollution .
We explored the old town using mostly city busses .
We went to the San Fransisco monastery in Lima .
It turned to be quite amazing , but we could n’t take pictures .
There were catacombs under the cathedral with a lot of skeletons , it was a little creepy arranged nicely !
In a part of the tour we saw one of the most important library ’s in the Americas .
It looked almost like the one in Harry Potter .
The books were gigantic and very very old .
One way to explain it is to imagine the dustiest library with books that are half your size , spiral staircases , and scrolls .
It was pretty cool to see a library such as that one .
Nous sommes arrivés complètement épuiser car un peu tard .
Apres avoir récupérer nos bagages , nous avons trouvé un taxi qui nous a amené à notre apart .
Je suis allé tout de suite au lit .
Le ciel était gris quand je me suis levé , apparemment il est souvent comme ça pendant cette période de l’année à Lima , entre les embruns et la pollution il ne peut être que gris !
Nous avons pris un bus rapide pour nous rendre de Microflores où nous sommes au centre historique de Lima .
Nous avons visité le Monastère des Franciscains , j’ai bien aimé mais nous n’avions pas le droit de prendre des photos , dommage .
Il y a des catacombes dessous la cathédrale avec encore beaucoup d’os .
Ils étaient arrangés de façon ordonné tous les femurs ensemble , tous les crânes ensemble etc , un peu morbide .
Dans une tour en brique , ils étaient arrangés de façon concentrique .
Il fallait faire cette visite juste pour pouvoir admirer la bibliothèque , elle était comme dans les films d’Harry Potter , avec de très grands livres et 2 escaliers en colimaçon au milieu .
Elle est la deuxième plus ancienne bibliothèque de l’Amérique du Sud .
One night we went to a very nice restaurant called Saqra .
We ordered octopus , quinoa crusted sea scallops , a cream of artichoke soup with smoked trout and sour cream , and a kind of ravioli .
It was really good , Lima is supposed to be the culinary capital of South America .
The next day we left on a special bus company called Peru Hop .
After some time on the bus we stopped to visit a mansion that was owned by very rich Spaniard in the old days .
The house was estimated to have had 1000 slaves , they had slaves tunnels .
They used to brand them with a special number to identify who they belonged to and to know if they were runaway slaves .
The slaves were treated terribly .
The slave tunnels were built for 3 reasons since the mansion was near the port the pirates came to rob the house , then it was also used as and escape tunnel , but the worst reason and the completely cruelest reason was to avoid the tax to bring the slaves into the port .
Lima est un des meilleures capitales culinaires au monde , nous en avons profité pour déguster des mets pas commun au restaurant Saqra .
Nous avons mangé du poulpe , coquilles St Jacques avec une croûte de quinoa , une soupe d’artichauts avec de la truite des Andes fumée , et des raviolis .
Je me suis régalé .
Le lendemain , c’était départ de Lima avec le bus de Peru Hop , après quelques heures nous avons fait un arrêt dans une ancienne hacienda ayant appartenue à des Espagnols .
A un moment donné cette propriété a eu jusqu’à 1000 esclaves .
Ils ont construits des tunnels long de 10 km allant jusqu’à la mer .
Les esclaves étaient marqués au fer , pour pouvoir les reconnaitre s’ils s’évadaient , ils étaient vraiment mal traités .
Les tunnels servaient à 3 choses , à protéger les patrons au cas d’une attaque par des pirates ( il y avait une entrée dans chaque chambre pour s’enfuir ) , pour faire venir les esclaves , et surtout pour éviter de payer les taxes sur les esclaves , ils les cachaient dans les tunnels .
After a few more hours of driving we made it to the Paracas .
It was a tiny village with not much to do but go on the wildlife tours its nickname is the poor man ’s Galapagos .
The wild life on the islands was incredible , there were blue footed boobies , Nazca boobies , tiny little penguins which were on the top of my list .
They were so adorable hopping and waddling down the rocks .
We were n’t quite in the season for the sea lions but we saw a few .
When our tour was nearly over we went to a spot that was filled with dolphins .
Nous avons continué notre périple vers Paracas , c’est un petit village au bord de mer .
Il n’y a pas grand chose à faire sauf la visite de ce qu’ils appellent les Galapagos des pauvres , les iles Ballestas .
Il y a beaucoup d’oiseaux qui vivent sur ces iles ( une fois par an une famille passe 2 mois sur les iles pour récolter le Guano , un engrais très précieux ) : les albatros , les pélicans , les fous à patte bleue , ou les fous de Nasca , les manchots ( tout petit pingouins que je n’avais pas vu aux Galapagos ! ) .
Ce n’était pas encore la saison pour les lions de mer , mais nous avons eu la chance d’en apercevoir quelques uns .
Sur le retour , nous nous sommes arrêtés pour admirer des dauphins .
We left for the desert dunes of Huacachina .
They are huge !
We got to our hotel had lunch then went on an epic buggy trip and sand boarding adventure .
We drove up to the sand boarding dunes .
First we laid on our stomachs using our feet as breaks , the second hill we sat on the board .
On the final hill we stood up snowboard style .
Standing up was the most fun way once I did a 360 in the air stuck the landing then went down the rest of the hill unfortunately I forgot to ask my dad or sister to film it .
It was so nice to just ride down and not I do n’t think my dad could say the same because he crashed most of his tries .
On one of his wipeouts he got to the bottom of the hill then he got thrown of his board and cut his eyebrow a bit .
Nous voilà partis pour les dunes de sable de Huacacina , elles sont gigantesques !
Just le temps de manger un bout à notre hôtel pour faire une ballade en buggy puis surf sur le sable .
J’ai commencé à plat ventre sur la planche en utilisant mes pieds pour freiner .
Je me suis assis sur le board pour ma deuxième descente et enfin carrément debout .
Je me suis éclaté , je suis arrivé à faire un tour complet et j’ai atterri correctement !
Je ne suis pas sur que mon père ou ma soeur l’on filmait .
J’ai adoré faire les descentes , je ne suis pas que mon père a eu la même expérience !
Il est beaucoup tombé .
Sur une de ses descentes , il se débrouillait pas trop mal mais vers la fin il s’est crashé et c’est coupé sur le sourcil .
The next day I hiked the dunes and it was painful , you had to work so many muscles and the sand is hard to walk in .
I was using my flip flops to help me climb .
When I finally made it to the top I looked on both sides , on one there were endless dunes , on the other lay the town of Ica with big buildings .
I was thinking one day these dunes would be wrecked .
You start to see a lot of trash in the dunes .
We left on the bus for Arequipa .
On the way we stopped at small tower with a view of 2 of the Nazca lines .
The lines were believed to be made by the civilization of Nazca which were way before the Inca .
They resembled a tree and a kind of bird of some sort .
Those 2 were only a part of the 36 .
I got a little rock with 6 of the Nazca lines .
We literally spent the whole day in the bus .
Le jour suivant , je suis montée en haut des dunes à pied avec ma mère , je dois dire que c’est beaucoup plus dur que ça n’en a l’air , mes muscles étaient complètement tétanisé quand je suis arrivé en haut .
Je me suis servi de mes tongs dans mes mains pour m’aider .
Une fois au top , la vue était pas mal , d’un côté l’oasis avec plus de dunes et de l’autre vue sur la vile d’Ica .
C’est difficile d’imaginer cet endroit dans 50 ans je pense qu’ils le détruirons avec les detritus et les constructions .
Nouvelle destination : Arequipa .
Petit arrêt pour admirer les lignes de Nasca depuis une tour .
Les géoglyphes datent d’une civilisation plus ancienne que les Incas .
Celles que j’ai vu ressemblé à un arbre et à un oiseau .
Mais on en compte 36 de toutes les tailles .
Comme souvenir j’ai acheté pour quelques soles une pierre gravée avec 6 des géoglyphes de Nasca .
Après nous avons passé la nuit dans le bus .
We arrived in Arequipa at 5:40 in the morning .
I must say that I was impressed by the architecture , the colors of the building and the old Spanish type houses .
The restaurants were very nice , one night we ate at the greatest restaurant in South America and it was called Chicha .
I had osso bucco raviolis with a wine and mustard sauce .
I also found out that a basil lemonade is really good .
In the town we visited the monastery of Santa Catalina .
It was a really beautiful place .
It was constructed for nuns in 1579 , a total of 250 nuns lived there .
Family ’s also wanted a good education for their daughters so they sent them to be educated in the monastery .
In total about 500 women lived in the monastery .
The kitchens seemed very old , there was a big stone oven with pots around it .
The vibrant colors and courtyards made it very nice .
We visited the museum where you can find some of the oldest and most preserve mommies , the famous Juanita a teenage girl that was sacrificed for the Inca religion .
Nous sommes arrivés à 5.40 du matin , dur dur .
J’ai bien aimé l’architecture et les couleurs vibrantes de la ville avec leurs maisons de style espagnols avec les patios .
Les restaurants étaient bons aussi , un soir nous avons testé Chicha un restaurant par l’un des meilleurs chefs de l’Amérique du Sud.
J’avais pris des raviolis à l ’Osso bucco avec une sauce moutarde .
J’ai adoré leur limonade , faite avec des citrons verts et du basilique .
En ville nous avons visité le couvent de Santa Catalina , c’est une petite ville n lui même .
Bâti en 1759 , par les Espagnols il a abrité jusqu’à 250 nonnes .
Les familles plaçaient leurs filles pour qu’elles reçoivent une éducation .
Il est assez particulier car chaque nonne avait sont propre petit appartement , simple mais il y avait une cuisine .
les plus riche fait une servante .
Les cuisines étaient assez sommaire , un gros four et une table !
Les murs étaient peints avec des couleurs très viv cela faisait un ensemble très agréable .
Nous avons aussi visité un Musée où se trouvait Juanita , considérée comme une des momies les mieux préservés au monde .
Et on y apprend son chemin avec le guide .
300 ans avant les premiers alpinistes européens qui ont grimpés avec peine les hauts sommets tel que le Mont Blanc ( 4000 et quelques ) , les Incas , eux , montaient à quasi 7000 mètres d’altitude , équipés de vêtements et de chaussures en laine de lama .
Ce n’est pas le goût de l’exploit qui les y a poussé mais la foi .
En effet , les incas sacrifiaient aux dieux des enfants et les enterraient ( vivants après leur avoir défoncé le crâne ! ) sur ces sommets afin de calmer leur éventuel courroux .
Dans les hautes Andes du Pérou jusqu ’en Argentine , on peut retrouver de nombreux sanctuaires .
Les momies d’enfants les mieux conservées se trouvent au musée de la Haute montagne à Salta en Argentine .
Nous avons pu voir la jeune vierge appelée Juanita qui a été retrouvé dans les montagnes aux alentours .
After a few more days in Arequipa we took the bus for Cusco .
We got picked up by the bus at 5:40 in the morning and we never stopped once in the entire day .
When we finally got to Cusco and checked into our hotel we got outside and explored .
My parents said that it was so much more different than the time they visited it in 1998 , so much bigger .
The shops sold mostly alpaca merchandise , but they were all nice .
The second day that we were in Cusco there was the celebration of Corpus Christi .
Saints were being transported in these kinds of structures with a sculpture on top .
The town and villages fro around the area came for a beautiful parade .
The costumes were so cool , colorful and the dances were awesome .
Some had costumes that looked traditional , others had huge dresses or hats .
Each group represented a Saint , with special colors and dances .
Firecrackers were going off every now and then .
The celebrating went on for the whole day , and the entire city was crammed with people .
Nous avons passé quelques jours à Arequipa avant de prendre le bus pour Cusco .
Il a fallu se lever super tôt car le bus est passé nous prendre vers 5.40 .
Puis direct vers Cusco , c’était long heureusement on a pu voir quelques films pour faire passer le temps .
Une fois à Cusco , nos valises posées à l’hotel Santa Maria nous avons fait le tour du centre , l’hotel était super bien situé .
Mes parents m’en revenaient pas comme la ville avait grandi depuis leur visite en 1998 .
Le festival religieux de Corpus Christi battait son plein , avec beaucoup de défilés en costume traditional et de fanfare .
La ville compte beaucoup de magasins vendant des lainages avec de la laine d’alpacas ou de vicuñas , nous rentrons en Arizona pas au Massachusetts .
L’atmosphère de la ville était très joyeuse avec les gens paradant de partout .
Il y avait des costumes très traditionnels ( avec coiffe en tortora , sorte de jonc ) mais aussi certains très futuristes et très funky .
As the days passed we explored different places in the city , and found new souvenirs .
We left for Ollantaytambo , a tiny town that has a train to Machu Picchu in the Sacred Valley .
On the way we stopped at an animal sanctuary .
There were a bunch of monkeys , a boa constrictor , a toucan , parrots , a bear , pumas , llamas , vicunas and condors .
It was cool to see the condors fly ( they have huge wing span ) and the pumas jump .
For the rest of the drive we explored saline pools in Maras which were really awesome .
They looked exactly like Pamukale ( remember the trip in Turkey ? ) except that the water was n’t as blue .
There were salt crystals on the sides of the pools .
We also saw the round planting terraces of Maray made by the Inca .
The landscape was beautiful , the golden barley fields , snowy mountains in the distance , cows and donkeys passing by .
Apres quelques jours dans la ville , nous sommes allées vers Ollaytaytambo dans la Valley Sacrée des Incas .
Une toute petite ville avec des ruines Incas et le départ du train pour Machu Picchu .
Sur la route nous nous sommes arrêtés dans un refuge pour animaux , ils avaient toutes sortes d’animaux locaux , comme des singes , lames , vicunas , pumas , a bear , and condors .
J’ai beaucoup aimé j’ai appris plein de choses sur ces animaux , mon préfèré et le plus bizarre le chien Péruvien , il n’a pas de poil pas très beau .
Les condors ont des ailes immenses , ils planent beaucoup avec , ils restent avec le même partenaire toute leur vie et ils ont un oisillon à la fois pas toutes les années .
Dans l’après midi , nous avons visité les Salines de Maras .
Elles sont construits sur un pan de montagnes et ressemblaient beaucoup à Pamukkale ( Turquie ) .
Les cristaux de sels se forment quand l’eau s’évaporent et ils le récoltent avec une pelle .
Dans le coin il y avait les terrasses rondes de Maray , les Incas plantaient des cultures entre les plus hautes et les plus basses la temperature avait une différence de 20 degrés .
Les paysages dans les Andes étaient magnifiques .
The village of Ollaytaytambo was very small but it had beautiful Inca ruins .
The stones were so finely cut that you could n’t fit a pin in between them , and all they had to carve them with were river stones .
They used river stones because they were stronger than the white granite they used to make their buildings .
Modern human today could n’t do such construction as the Inca .
Another mystery the Inca had was how they transported the stones , they weighed tons .
Some stones were 14 feet tall , and 1 and a half meters think .
They were incredible .
Le village d’Ollaytaytambo était petit mais il renfermait des petits trésors comme les ruines Incas .
Il y avait d’énorme blocs de granites en haut du site .
Pour tailler les roches ils utilisaient des pierres de rivière malgré cet outil archaïque ils arrivaient à faire des buildings que de nos nous aurions du mal à reproduire .
Personne n’a percé le mystère pour savoir comment ils faisaient pour transporter ces immenses pierres de plusieurs mètres de haut .
Ham radio appears to be more of an addiction than a hobby to the seller of this $ 500 Dodge .
Every surface is covered with $ 25 K in communications equipment for every conceivable band ( FM / UHF/HF/VHF / SPACEMAN ) .
A gallery of technological affliction below .
Advertisement
The equipment seems to cover an amazing array of technologies , many of which seem to be redundant .
For instance , just how many handheld 144 MHz radios do you need ?
It seems like the owner of the Ham Car is capable of listening to every police / fire / ems / military channel in the world .
Simultaneously .
There 's a laptop and we assume there 's some form of cellular or satellite communication setup for that , too .
Keeping all of this equipment running is almost certainly some form of secondary power source , dozens of antennae and extreme paranoia .
There 's no reason given for the sale , but we assume he or she realized there 's no point in being able to communicate with the world if you have no one to talk to .
Advertisement
So there 's a lot of stuff here we can identify , but there 's a lot here we can't .
Anyone out there a communications junkie who wants to help us out ?
Update : Turns out the guy has a CarDomain page with some more amazing pictures .
It 's got hydraulics !
[ gallery 5429634 ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( Hat tip to Cliff ! ) [ BexTim ]
Is the Senate health - care reform bill still worth passing ?
" Insurance companies win , " Markos Moulitsas tweeted last night .
" Time to kill this monstrosity coming out of the Senate . "
This was , for progressives , a frustrating vote .
But the flip side of it being morally unconscionable for Joe Lieberman to put the bill at risk over something as small as Medicare buy - in for 3 - or - so million people is that the absence of Medicare buy - in -- and of the weak public plan -- is not reason enough to oppose the bill , either .
The core of this legislation is as it always was : $ 900 billion , give or take , so people who can't afford health - care insurance suddenly can .
Insurance regulations paired with the individual mandate , so insurers can't discriminate against the sick and the healthy can't make insurance unaffordable by hanging back until the moment they need medical care .
The construction of health insurance exchanges so the people currently left out of the employer - based market are better served , and the many who will join them as the employer system continues to erode will have somewhere to go .
That 's all policy .
And as I spent yesterday arguing , it has a tendency to overshadow the lives in the balance .
You can choose your estimate .
The Institute of Medicine 's methodology says 22,000 people died in 2006 because they did n't have health - care coverage .
A recent Harvard study found the number nearer to 45,000 .
Since we talk about the costs of health - care reform over a 10 - year period , may as well talk about the lives saved that way , too .
And we 're looking , easily , at more than a hundred thousand lives , to say nothing of the people who will be spared bankruptcy , chronic pain , unnecessary impairment , unnecessary caretaking , bereavement , loss of wages , painful surgeries , and so on .
A lot of progressives woke up this morning feeling like they lost .
They did n't .
The public option and its compromised iterations were a battle that came to seem like a war .
But they were n't the war .
The bill itself was .
When liberals talked about the dream of universal health - care insurance 10 , 20 and 30 years ago , they talked about the plight of the uninsured , not the necessity of a limited public option in competition with private insurers .
" This is a good bill , " Sen . Sherrod Brown said on Countdown last night .
" Not a great bill , but a good bill . "
That 's about right .
But the other piece to remember is that more than it's a good bill , it 's a good start .
With $ 900 billion in subsidies already in place , it 's easier to add another hundred billion later , if we need it , than it would be to pass $ 1 trillion in subsidies in 2011 .
With the exchanges built and private insurers unable to hold down costs , it 's easier to argue for adding a strong public option to the market than it was before we 'd tried regulation and a new competitive structure .
With 95 percent of the country covered , it 's easier to go the final 5 percent .
And with a health - care reform bill actually passed , it 's easier to convince legislators that passing such bills is possible .
On its own terms , the bill is the most important social policy achievement since the Great Society .
It will save a lot of lives and prevent a lot of suffering .
But moving forward , it also makes future improvements and expansions easier .
A lot of the hard work of health - care reform -- in particular , the money for subsidies -- will finish this year .
If reformers want to come back for the public option or more subsidies in a future year , they wo n't be doing it atop a $ 900 billion price tag that 's being battered by tea parties and industry and everyone else .
This bill does n't have all the good stuff it should have , but reformers can stand atop what good stuff it does have and focus their energies on what good stuff is left to achieve .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Haraz N. Ghanbari .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nick Clegg has confirmed the recession means the Lib Dems will have to shelve some of their best - known policies in a speech on his election " priorities " .
Extending free childcare , free personal care for the elderly and a " citizen 's pension " would have to be " put on hold " and tuition fees ended over six years .
He said the days of " shopping lists " of spending pledges were over so his party could focus on priorities like schools .
He sidestepped questions over what he may do if there was a hung parliament .
Ahead of the speech setting out his election priorities , Mr Clegg told BBC Radio 4's Today programme : " A number of multi-billion pound policies that we have advocated in the past we can no longer afford . "
All of this stems from the same thing : politicians having to rewrite their pledges in response to the fact that there is very little money around for them to spend
Nick Robinson
BBC 's political editor
Read Nick 's thoughts in full
He said extending free childcare to all 18 - month - olds was " no longer possible " and while he was still determined to see tuition fees scrapped it was no longer possible " on the timetable we had originally envisaged " .
He told the BBC tuition fees would be axed over six years , " we will do it year group by year group starting first with final year students and working down over time " .
In his speech he also said " free personal care for all " and a citizen 's pension based on residency rather than National Insurance contributions would " no longer be firm commitments in our manifesto but would be put on hold until they become affordable again " .
He said it showed his party were treating people " like grown ups " and were setting out their priorities " driven by clear sense of conviction " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
He said his conviction was fairness and his party offered " credibility and hope " .
" I 'm putting our cards on the table .
[ Conservative leader ]
David Cameron and Gordon Brown are playing the politics of the airbrush and the focus group .
" One does n't know what he believes , the other does n't know what to do with the power he clings to so desperately . "
Mr Clegg said his party had " gone further than any other politicians " in spelling out steps needed to reduce the budget deficit .
He accused Mr Brown of being in " utter denial " about tackling the economic crisis while Mr Cameron - who has promised an emergency budget should his party win the general election - of telling voters " I will tell you what I 'm going to do about it - 50 days after I become prime minister " .
Mr Clegg was asked about the possibility of a hung parliament - should Labour lose its majority and the Conservatives not do well enough to form a government alone .
City of London
But he said he could not " predict the future " and could only outline the core values his party would retain " in any situation " .
Those were " a complete change in the tax system " - the Lib Dems have pledged to raise the starting rate at which people pay tax to £ 10,000 and more one - to - one tuition and small class sizes at primary school .
He also said he wanted a " revamped economy weaned off the fascination with the City of London " - with more emphasis on infrastructure and green technology and a " new politics " - reducing the number of MPs by 150 , getting " big money " out of politics and changing the voting system .
It is not a commitment we can deliver in one parliament
Nick Clegg on tuition fees
Send us your comments Sources told the BBC the decision to downgrade key commitments to long term aspirations involved " difficult " conversations with senior Lib Dems and a " Herculean struggle " on Mr Clegg 's part .
BBC chief political correspondent Laura Kuenssberg said there was an implication in Mr Clegg 's speech that he felt the party had gone into the 2005 general election promising too many spending commitments .
The move away from some of the party 's key commitments is expected to anger some Lib Dem activists .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown must call an election by early June , with 6 May currently the most widely predicted date .
For Labour Stephen Timms , financial secretary to the Treasury , said : " Like the Tories , the Lib Dems are starting to realise their plans do n't add up at all .
" Today , they 're in disarray , making U - turn after U - turn and still failing to make their plans add up .
" And while they talk about fairness , they want to go even further than the Tories on scrapping Child Trust Funds that help provide for children 's futures . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hotel Made Out of Ice And Snow
ICE HOTEL
Here is a selection of images of the Icehotel in Jukkasjärvi , Sweden , including the Art Suites created by artists from around the world .
The temporary hotel is created from snow and ice each winter .
An ice hotel is a temporary hotel made up entirely of snow and sculpted blocks of ice .
They are promoted by their sponsors and have special features for travelers who are interested in novelties and unusual environments , and thus are in the class of destination hotels .
Their lobbies are often filled with ice sculptures , and food and beverages are specially chosen for the circumstances .
All of the ice hotels are reconstructed every year , and are dependent upon constant sub - zero temperatures during construction and operation .
The walls , fixtures , and fittings are made entirely of ice , and are held together using a substance known as snice , which takes the place of mortar in a traditional brick - built hotel .
The ice hotel near the village of Jukkasjärvi , Kiruna , Sweden was the world ’s first ice hotel .
In 1989 , Japanese ice artists visited the area and created an exhibition of ice art .
In Spring 1990 , French artist Jannot Derid held an exhibition in a cylinder - shaped igloo in the area .
One night there were no rooms available in the town , so some of the visitors asked for permission to spend the night in the exhibition hall .
They slept in sleeping bags on top of reindeer skin – the first guests of the “ hotel . ”
The entire hotel is made completely out of ice blocks taken from the Torne River – even the glasses in the bar are made of ice .
The hotel has more than 80 rooms and suites , a bar , reception area and church .
The hotel only exists between December and April .
Each room is unique and the architecture of the hotel is changed each year , as it is rebuilt from scratch .
Checkj also ice bars around the world .
Perfect timing before I fly out to my folks for Xmas the postman brings my secret santa present !
All the way from U.S.land !
A sweet desk accessory which will make my office cube much more cool and a chinese ( but made in japan ) keyring puzzle game .
It took longer to solve than it should have ...
Thanks secret santa !
Hands down , the '00s were the worst political decade at least since the 1990s .
Reason.tv looks back at the ( lack of ) personalities , the scandals , and the screw - ups that made us all want to forget the first 10 years of the 21st century .
Approximately 2.10 minutes .
No politicians were hurt in the making of this video .
Produced by Meredith Bragg and Nick Gillespie .
Scroll down for downloadable versions of this video .
Please subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube Channel .
For an alternate take on The Aughts , read Jesse Walker 's Five Reasons For Optimism .
If nothing else , this guy shows exactly why crime does n’t pay , especially if it ’s something as stupid as stealing an LCD TV in a mass - trafficked store .
Did the guy really think waking out of the store with a huge bag was gonna work in the first place ?
Video after the break .
2009-12-01T07:45:00Z
INFO : Bin seit September 2014 kein Mitglied der Piratenpartei mehr .
UPDATE 2011 - 10 - 25 : Was ich damals nicht bedacht habe war , was für eine Person Aaron König wirklich war .
Er hat später die Piratenpartei verlassen und die Partei Die Freiheit gegründet .
Ich stimme nicht mit seinen Zielen und Meinungen und denen der Partei » Die Freiheit « überein !
( Ja , etwas spätes Update .
Habe das Blog stark vernachlässigt . )
At dock in its vast custom - made port in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , the Oasis of the Seas gives you little clue that you are looking at an ocean - going vessel .
The dozen above - deck storeys of the world 's largest cruise liner , with their identical rows of curved glass balconies , make it all but indistinguishable from the high - rise condos and office blocks that line the coast road south from Miami .
On board , the illusion is heightened .
This is a ship designed to appear anything but .
It has at its heart a central park bigger than a football pitch and recently planted with 12,000 trees and shrubs .
Contained on all sides by the steep stacks of cabins , the park is crossed by stone - paved paths and walkways leading to cafes and bars .
Sitting outside any of them , it is hard to feel anything other than landlocked .
The ship is sold as an urban experience , a city on the ocean , and on a preview voyage out towards the Caribbean that is what most people seemed to enjoy : getting a cappuccino in one of the ship 's seven distinct " neighbourhoods " and indulging in some serious consumption .
How big is big ?
Five times the tonnage of the Titanic , the Oasis is longer than any aircraft carrier in the US fleet .
It is half as big again as the O2 centre .
Stand it on its end and it would look down on Canary Wharf 's towers .
There is no accessible place on the ship from which you can view both its bow and stern , so once you are aboard you have to find your own ways to understand its scale .
You can jog its perimeter , each lap almost half a mile .
You can harness yourself into a zipwire and fly nine storeys above the main deck .
Or you can attempt the world 's most meandering offshore pub crawl : 37 bars and restaurants spread over 16 levels , including an English theme pub , in which smoking is allowed .
The Oasis , which is owned by Royal Caribbean International , makes its maiden public voyage next week .
It will typically carry 5,400 passengers ( though the capacity is upwards of 6,000 ) , served by 2,291 staff : 40 % bigger than any other " megaliner " in the expanding cruise market .
Because of its size , there are very few ports at which it can dock ; the shipping line has confronted this difficulty by creating its own " resort destination " in Haiti , a purpose - built docking station called Labadee ; and the Jamaican government has invested heavily in upgrading the harbour at Falmouth , in Jamiaca , to allow it to discharge passengers there .
Excluding these efforts , at a cost of £ 800 m the Oasis is the most expensive commercial vessel ever constructed .
It was built in Finland , and sailed into Florida last month .
In order to leave the Baltic , its stumpy funnel had to be retracted and the ship was required to travel extremely slowly , so that it sat low in the water .
Even so , it only just scraped underneath the Great Belt Fixed Link bridge , 65 metres ( 213 ft ) over the water , by about 50 cm .
Crossing the Atlantic , the ship 's stability was tested in a near hurricane - force storm .
Given its towering superstructure , the Oasis had to be of an unprecedented width to prevent it being top heavy – the park at its centre is there to help with balance , as much as anything .
It is by no means a sleek craft .
It is also sailing very much against the economic current .
Royal Caribbean has been the prime mover in the ongoing arms race of liner size , mostly played out in the docks of Miami , where the US cruise industry is based .
This decade , the company has three times created the world 's largest passenger ship .
Up to now , this biggest - is - best philosophy has always worked .
The Oasis was planned well before the global economic downturn , however .
And that downturn has hit Florida particularly hard .
The ship is not yet fully booked for next year 's voyages , but Royal Caribbean expects it to carry 40 % of the line 's British passengers .
After the Titanic , no one is going to claim that the biggest liner in the world is unsinkable .
But its owners are no doubt trusting that the Oasis of the Seas is too big to fail .
Ship stats
The Oasis of the Seas can carry a maximum of 6,292 passengers plus crew of up to 2,291 .
Its 16 passenger decks contain four pools and 10 whirlpools , a rock - climbing wall , a basketball court , a miniature golf course , an ice skating rink , a shopping promenade , a fairground carousel , a central park with 12,000 live plants and trees , and a 1,380 - seat theatre .
It has 37 bars and restaurants , 4,100 toilets , 42 lifts and 4,500 air conditioning units .
Seven - night cruises start at $ 1,049 ( £ 628 ) per person for an inside cabin and go to $ 16,659 per person for the two - storey Royal Loft suite , which includes a baby grand piano and private 843 sq ft balcony .
• In the Observer this Sunday : Tim Adams 's verdict on the world 's biggest passenger ship
• This article was amended on 26 November 2009 .
The original said that the liner was expected to carry 40 % of Britain 's 1 million - plus cruise passengers .
This has been corrected .
The difference between two passenger - capacity figures has also been clarified .
Evidence of sophisticated , human behavior has been discovered by Hebrew University of Jerusalem researchers as early as 750,000 years ago -- some half a million years earlier than has previously been estimated by archaeologists .
The discovery was made in the course of excavations at the prehistoric Gesher Benot Ya'aqov site , located along the Dead Sea rift in the southern Hula Valley of northern Israel , by a team from the Hebrew University Institute of Archaeology .
Analysis of the spatial distribution of the findings there reveals a pattern of specific areas in which various activities were carried out .
This kind of designation indicates a formalized conceptualization of living space , requiring social organization and communication between group members .
Such organizational skills are thought to be unique to modern humans .
Attempts until now to trace the origins of such behavior at various prehistoric sites in the world have concentrated on spatial analyses of Middle Paleolithic sites , where activity areas , particularly those associated with hearths , have been found dating back only to some 250,000 years ago .
The new Hebrew University study , a report on which was recently published in the journal Science , describes an Acheulian ( an early stone tools culture ) layer at Gesher Benot Ya'aqov that has been dated to about 750,000 years ago .
The evidence found there consists of numerous stone tools , animal bones and a rich collection of botanical remains .
Analyses of the spatial distribution of all these finds revealed two activity areas in the layer : the first area is characterized by abundant evidence of flint tool manufacturing .
A high density of fish remains in this area also suggests that the processing and consumption of many fish were carried out in this area -- one of the earliest evidences for fish consumption by prehistoric people anywhere .
In the second area , identified evidence indicates a greater variation of activities -- all of which took place in the vicinity of a hearth .
The many wood pieces found in this area were used as fuel for the fire .
Processing of basalt and limestone was spatially restricted to the hearth area , where activities indicate the use of large stone tools such as hand axes , chopping tools , scrapers , and awls .
The presence of stone hammers , and in particular of pitted anvils ( used as nutting stones ) , suggest that nut processing was carried out near the hearth and may have involved the use of nut roasting .
In addition , fish and crabs were probably consumed near the hearth .
The Gesher Benot Ya'aqov excavations were carried out under the direction of Prof. , Naama Goren - Inbar .
The research collaborators are Dr. Ella Werker , Dr. Nira Alperson - Afil , Dr. Gonen Sharon , Dr. Rivka Rabinovich , Dr. Shosh Ashkenazi , Dr. Irit Zohar and Rebecca Biton of the Hebrew University Institute of Archaeology .
Prof. Mordechai Kislev and Dr. Yoel Melamed of Bar Ilan University , Dr. Gideon Hartman of the Max Planck Institute and Prof. Craig Feibel of Rutgers University .
Meet Jim Farley as he prepares to take wheel as Ford 's new CEO
Like so much in Iraq these days , the issue goes back to the earliest days of the American occupation , when L. Paul Bremer , the administrator of Iraq , outlawed the party in May 2003 and in November that year started a commission to oversee what was known as de-Baathification , barring all but the party ’s junior members from public life .
In Arabic , the word for it , ijtithath , was far stronger , meaning to uproot or tear out .
The Accountability and Justice Commission , while on shaky legal grounds , has served as its successor , though it remains no less contentious .
The man in charge of the disqualifications , Ali Faisal al - Lami , is a close aide to Ahmed Chalabi , once a confidant of the Bush administration in the preparations for the war .
Mr. Lami has close ties to Iran and was suspected in the murderous activities of Shiite militants  charges that he denies .
Confusing matters , he , like Mr. Chalabi , is a candidate , vetting other candidates .
Mr. Lami dismissed the notion that the process he oversaw was in any way politicized .
He maintained that the commission faithfully carried out Iraq ’s de-Baathification laws , eliminating candidates who were on the commission ’s databases of former members of the party , or Iraq ’s security forces .
If the disqualifications resulted in feelings of disenfranchisement , he said , it was the fault of the law , not his commission ’s work .
But critics view the charges of promoting the party as merely a tool to eliminate secular opponents of Iraq ’s Shiite religious parties who stood to fare well in the March 7 vote .
Many say the breadth of the disqualifications has underlined how far Iraq remains from resolving the question of precisely what national reconciliation means .
Mr. Hashemi called the ban “ dangerous . ”
“ Those barred candidates , ” he said after meeting the British ambassador , “ had become partners in the political process and accepted its terms and standards . ”
Perception has long guided events here , often shaped by sectarian and ethnic identities and the narratives that construct them .
For many Shiites and Kurds , Baathist remains a chauvinistic term that connotes the genocidal campaign against Kurds at the end of the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq war and the mass graves filled after the 1991 Persian Gulf war .
While opinions vary widely , the party still enjoys support in Sunni regions , some of it expressed in affection for Mr. Hussein himself .
In Anbar Province , he is often idealized as a nationalist figure who stood against Iran and savagely repressed religious parties .
Even opponents of Mr. Hussein see the term Baathist as coded language .
“ We need a definition for the word , ” said Mr. Mashhadani , the spokesman for Mr. Sammarai .
“ Who ’s a Baathist ?
What is a Baathist ? ”
An HIV - positive man in New Zealand has admitted injecting his blood into his sleeping wife and infecting her with the virus which can cause AIDS , a newspaper reported .
It is believed the man wanted to give her the disease so she would start having sex with him again , the Sunday Star - Times said .
Court documents detail how the man twice pricked his wife with a sewing needle laced with his infected blood , and how she once caught him handling a syringe full of his blood .
The man , 35 , admitted infecting his wife , 33 , and faces up to 14 years ' imprisonment when he is sentenced in the Auckland High Court early next year .
The man discovered he was HIV - positive , but his wife and children were not , during health checks imposed on them when the family arrived in New Zealand in 2004 .
The woman said she wanted to maintain the relationship for the sake of the children but refused to have sex with her husband as she feared she would contract the disease .
She described how in May last year she discovered a sting - like mark on her left thigh and two days later she awoke to a stinging feeling in her leg .
During a routine check - up four months later she found she was HIV - positive and confronted her husband who admitted dipping a needle in his blood and pricking her with it .
" All he said [ was ] he was sorry .
He said ' I used needles on you because I wanted you to be the same as me so that you can live with me and you wo n't leave me ' , " she said .
- AFP
( THE WALL STREET JOURNAL via Dow Jones ) , Dec. 15 , 2009
Exxon Mobil Corp.'s acquisition of XTO Energy Inc. is the latest sign of a changing of the guard in the U.S. oil patch , as the small companies that led an exploration boom in the past decade start to give way to the international giants .
XTO , based in Fort Worth , Texas , was one of dozens of independent producers that pioneered a revolution in the U.S. natural - gas industry in recent years .
While global companies like Exxon and Chevron Corp. largely stayed on the sidelines , independents like XTO , Chesapeake Energy Corp. and Devon Energy Corp. leased millions of acres of land across the U.S. in search of new sources of gas and , to a lesser extent , oil .
But pumping the gas is proving to be a lot more expensive than finding it , which has led to an increasing number of joint ventures between the independent companies and the major multinational oil players -- and with the acquisition announced Monday , an outright company sale .
More deals are likely , analysts say , though they suggest that it may be hard to find buyers large enough to absorb the biggest independent companies .
Moreover , acquisitions of independent producers -- those without refining and marketing operations -- have n't always worked out well in the past , in part because the cultures of major oil companies and independents tend not to mix well .
One example is ConocoPhillips 's 2006 deal for U.S. gas producer Burlington Resources Inc. , which at $ 35 billion is now widely seen as too expensive .
Driven by a combination of easy credit , rising gas prices and new drilling technologies that can pull out gas locked in dense rocks , the independents found huge new fields in Texas , Louisiana , Pennsylvania and elsewhere in the past few years .
The discoveries led to rapid growth for the companies and a surge in U.S. natural - gas production .
But the new output glutted the gas market just as the weak economy was cutting into energy demand and restricting access to credit .
That forced companies to seek new sources of capital , often from the same major producers that missed out on the early years of the boom .
Although XTO is the first big independent to sell to a major producer , several others have found ways to get cash from bigger companies .
Chesapeake last year sold all or part of three of its fields to European giants BP PLC and Statoil ASA for a combined $ 7 billion , and smaller Quicksilver Resources Inc. this year sold a stake in one of its fields to Italy 's Eni SpA for $ 280 million .
XTO went on an $ 11 billion spending spree last year , just before prices fell .
Most analysts now consider those deals a success , but they nearly doubled the company 's debt , to $ 12 billion at the end of 2008 , leaving XTO with less money to drill .
At the same time , XTO and other big independent producers are having difficulty maintaining the growth rates that made them Wall Street favorites .
" The size of these companies has gotten so large that just continuing on a growth pattern has got to look pretty challenging to them , " said Keith Fullenweider , an attorney specializing in energy mergers for Vinson & Elkins in Houston .
Copyright ( c ) 2009 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
' Germany ' for Sale Developer Moves Forward with Ambitious ' World ' Development in Dubai
Dubai may be perilously close to economic disaster , but life goes on for some of its most high - profile projects .
Although much of the ambitious " The World " archipelego of high - end real estate developments are languishing , an Austrian investor says he will soon proceed with construction on the island of " Germany . "
Vol. 4 , No. 51
Richard Nixon was the greatest peacemaker in U.S. history .
He orchestrated the historic opening with Beijing .
And he presided over the most significant arms control treaties of the détente period : the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks and the ABM treaty .
Wait , that does n’t sound right .
Let ’s start over .
Richard Nixon was the greatest warmonger in U.S. history .
He sharply escalated the war in Vietnam and widened the conflict , tragically , to Cambodia and Laos .
He destabilized Chile , looked the other way as his West Pakistani ally laid waste to East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) , and ignored the Nigerian civil war and the resulting famine in Biafra .
This bifocal view of Richard Nixon reveals one of the great paradoxes of the U.S. peace movement .
Peace activists divide into two sometimes irreconcilable groups — the antiwar movement and the arms control community .
The former considered Richard Nixon and his henchman Henry Kissinger to be war criminals .
The arms controllers , meanwhile , worked through Nixon ’s Arms Control and Disarmament Agency to score significant though partial successes .
The same cognitive dissonance holds true today .
Though he would no doubt run from the comparison , President Barack Obama is shaping up to be a true heir of Richard Nixon .
He ’s simultaneously reviled by the antiwar crowd for his policies in Afghanistan and held up as a savior by the arms control community for his commitment to nuclear abolition .
Progress is indeed being made on the arms control front .
On the sidelines of the Copenhagen negotiations , the leaders of the United States and Russia talked about actually cutting the number of nuclear weapons that the two countries cling to like huge pacifiers .
The Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( START ) expired two weeks ago , and both Moscow and Washington have promised to abide by the terms until a new treaty is in place .
But Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev plan to go beyond mere arms control and cut as much as one - quarter of their respective nuclear arsenals on the way toward even deeper reductions .
The new treaty will also cover tactical nuclear weapons , a big advance in arms control .
The president has a year to push through his nuclear agenda before midterm elections potentially deprive him of his large Senate majority .
There ’s more on the table than just strategic and tactical nuclear reductions with the Russians .
There ’s also the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , which the president needs the support of 67 Senators for ratification .
If Obama can push a new START treaty through the Senate , then it will be time to deal with the several objectionable demands ( such as an accompanying nuclear modernization program ) of the few Republicans willing to sign the CTBT .
With the Nuclear Non-Proliferation review conference coming up this spring , the Obama administration is also pushing for a Fissile Material Cut - Off Treaty that would ban the production of nuclear material .
The narrowing of differences with India on this issue bodes well for 2010 .
These are not done deals .
But a new START treaty in early 2010 is quite likely .
And let ’s not miss the important point here .
Obama has been dismissed for being all talk during his first year in office .
On disarmament , at least , he is following through on his commitment .
Meanwhile , on the antiwar side of the equation , I frankly wish that Obama were all talk and no action .
At least when he was simply talking with advisors and others for several months , he was n’t sending additional troops to Afghanistan .
Last week , the new , muscular Obama ramped up drone attacks in Pakistan .
Also last week , the U.S. government provided military assistance to the government of Yemen in targeting suspected al - Qaeda sites ( and managed to kill many women and children in the process ) .
The power of the Pentagon has grown so dominant that even a former Bush administration official — Thomas Schweich , former ambassador for counter - narcotics in Afghanistan — believes that “ we no longer have a civilian - led government . ”
Will Obama reverse the Pentagon ’s mission creep ?
Without the military credentials , the president has been reluctant so far to take on the generals .
Indeed , he has capitulated .
During his West Point speech on Afghanistan on December 1 , “ Obama surrendered , ” writes Tom Engelhardt .
“ It may not have looked like that : there were no surrender documents ; he was n’t on the deck of the USS Missouri ; he never bowed his head .
Still , from today on , think of him not as the commander - in - chief , but as the commanded - in - chief . ”
As the president reminded us in Oslo , he is a firm believer in the use of violent means to achieve noble ends .
Despite his parenthetical invocation of Gandhi and Martin Luther King , Jr. , the president does n’t really take nonviolence seriously .
Rather than just war doctrine , the president should instead draw inspiration from the peace churches , like Quakerism .
“ Using a broad array of tactics — including strikes , boycotts , sit-ins , and protests — nonviolent movements have not only gained important rights for millions of oppressed people around the world , they have confronted , and successfully brought down , some of the most ruthless regimes of the last 100 years , ” Eric Stoner argues in A Lesson on Nonviolence for the President .
“ These incredible victories for nonviolence were not flukes .
After analyzing 323 resistance campaigns over the last century , one important study published last year in the journal International Security , found that ‘ major nonviolent campaigns have achieved success 53 percent of the time , compared with 26 percent for violent resistance campaigns . ' ”
When we call on the president to follow through on his promises , we have to be careful what we wish for .
Yes , he called for nuclear abolition as a candidate , and he is following through on his pledge .
But he also promised to refocus U.S. military attention on Afghanistan and vigorously wage war on terrorism , and , unfortunately , he has done that as well .
Obama the candidate said he would give the United States a new start after the truculence of the Bush years .
But he is shaping up to be much like our second Quaker president , Nixon , in his simultaneous commitment to nuclear arms control and conventional warfighting .
Alas , that ’s not the Quaker tradition he should be emulating …
Our New Start
Those of you who visited the FPIF site last week were treated to a surprise .
We have finally launched our new website .
Thanks to our tireless team of Erik Leaver , Jen Doak , Nate Kerksick , and Zac Witte , it ’s a clean , well - organized place .
We ’ve added some bells and whistles as well as a new feature , In Our Circles , which features articles republished from our partners such as the Americas Program , TomDispatch , Japan Focus , and Pambazuka News .
Coming up in 2010 , we ’ll also be adding a blog .
As with most moves , we have n’t unpacked all the boxes or moved everything over from the old site .
There are also a few bugs that still need exterminating .
But come by for a visit .
Invite your friends .
I promise you wo n’t be disappointed .
Deal , No Deal
The agreement reached in Copenhagen , although lauded by both Washington and Beijing , leaves much to be desired .
It ’s non-binding , so everyone is free to ignore it .
It sets emissions targets but no effective timeline to achieve them .
And the United States is offering a relative pittance to impoverished countries from 2010 to 2012 to reduce their emissions : $ 3.6 billion compared to Japan ’s $ 11 billion and the EU ’s $ 10.6 .
Instead of technical quick fixes , FPIF contributor Yifat Susskind urges environmentalists to listen to women farmers .
“ The vast majority of the world ’s smallholder farmers — 80 percent — are women , ” she writes in Postcard from …Copenhagen .
“ The specialized knowledge these sustainable farmers have developed over generations — about preserving biodiversity , collecting water , breeding and exchanging seeds , and enhancing soil — are the very practices we must now adapt and replicate in order to confront climate change . ”
If small farmers are central to any solution to the problem of climate change , migrant workers are central to any solution to the problems of the global economy .
Migrant workers are sending home a tremendous amount of money through remittances .
“ Remittances are not small change , ” writes FPIF contributor Debayani Kar in Can Migrants Save the Global Economy ?
“ At $ 300 billion a year , remittances represent profits that could form the third largest company in the world .
The world ’s 200 million migrants form a population large enough to constitute the world ’s fifth largest country .
Any solution to what ails the global economy must take into account the labor of migrant workers . ”
Migrant workers have also transformed the landscape and culture of the countries where they work .
In Switzerland , many of these workers have stayed and integrated into society .
A good number are Muslim and , not surprisingly , would like to worship at mosques .
The recent referendum banning the construction of new minarets in Switzerland is only one sign of European hostility to these new communities , as the resurgence of right - wing , xenophobic parties demonstrates .
“ The changing demographics of Europe have created new political and cultural challenges for the Europeans , ” writes FPIF contributor Faruk Ekmekci in Swiss Minarets : Only the Tip of the Iceberg .
“ The Western European people have their own share of identity crisis , and for a long time they will vacillate between liberal ideals and nationalistic fears .
For the Europeans to dwell on the former , we need visionary leadership in European as well as in Muslim countries .
If bigotry in Europe is met with equal bigotry in Muslim lands , the world will head toward an inevitable clash of civilizations . ”
This is our last issue of World Beat for 2009 .
We ’ll start all over again on January 5 , 2010 .
Severe “ food insecurity ” in Ethiopia has put an estimated 4.8 million people at risk
HRAYKEDENEW would prefer to forget the dark days of 1985 but sometimes the memories tumble forth unbidden .
She remembers her family , desperate for anything that would fill their stomachs , boiling strips of leather to make it easier to swallow .
Weeks later , as the final stages of starvation set in , her parents lay down on their bed and never got up again .
Three of her siblings also perished .
Hraykedenew ( 37 ) still lives in Korem , the highland town that became synonymous with Ethiopia ’s devastating famine 25 years ago after the BBC ’s Michael Buerk arrived to discover what he famously described as a “ biblical famine , now , in the 20th century ” .
Hraykedenew is married with six children .
“ We are living a better life , ” she says .
“ We pray to God we will not see days like that again . ”
Ethiopia ’s famine ended with nearly 1 million dead , and while the country has experienced much political and economic change in the decades since , the fear of hunger has never really gone away in this , sub -Saharan Africa ’s second most - populous nation .
Korem today has all the appearance of a thriving town , with boisterous children spilling from gaily painted houses ringed by lush fields of maize and barley , but the surrounding region of Tigray is one of several pockets of Ethiopia where food shortages are a familiar reality – a situation many believe will worsen this year .
In December the Ethiopian government identified an estimated 4.8 million people who will need emergency food assistance from January to June .
That is in addition to more than 7 million people who depend on a government - managed but foreign - funded “ safety net ” programme that supplies food in exchange for work .
“ The current situation is far from qualifying as a famine as some media outlets have stated but there is severe food insecurity in certain areas , ” says Judith Schuler of the World Food Programme .
“ We expect a deterioration of the situation within the next six months . ”
The effect of successive seasons of failed rains goes some way in explaining why Ethiopia finds itself in this current predicament , but even when the rains come and harvests are bountiful , nearly one tenth of its people rely on food aid to survive .
Other deeper , structural – and much debated – factors are at play , including rapid population growth and the impact of government land policy .
Since the 1980s famine , Ethiopia ’s population has doubled to almost 80 million .
In a country where some 85 per cent rely on farming for a living , using methods unchanged over centuries , this means farm holdings have become smaller and smaller , and meagre harvests must be stretched further .
Some analysts argue that efforts to boost agricultural development are hamstrung by 1990s legislation that put all land under state ownership , a policy they say discourages initiative and stifles productivity .
The issue of food security can be a prickly one in Ethiopia , with many Ethiopians resentful that their country ’s name still conjures up images of famine and war in the wider world , particularly at a time when it is attracting tentative but growing interest from foreign investors .
Prime minister Meles Zenawi points to overall economic growth rates of more than 7 per cent per year .
He argues that efforts to boost agriculture are bearing fruit , noting that areas where there is generally adequate rainfall have experienced sustained growth in agricultural production for several years .
But that , he admits , is not enough .
“ We ought to and we should be able to also break this structural bottleneck in the drought - affected areas .
The reason we have not achieved that is primarily because it takes a lot of money ... to kickstart development in those areas , ” he told The Irish Times .
“ We are making those investments and they are beginning to make a difference but it is not fast enough .
Unless you break the structural barriers you will always be in this whirlwind of emergency programmes .
We have done much of the work but not all of it .
We need to do the rest . ”
On the population issue – described to me by one development worker in Addis Ababa as “ the elephant in the room ” – Meles acknowledges the need for a “ sensible population policy ” and insists that it is already in place .
“ Population growth rates in Ethiopia are beginning to come down and we will maintain that policy – not because we believe in this doomsday scenario of Ethiopia being unable to feed anything more than 80 million people , but because we believe that a stable process of population growth – rather than the massive growth we had – could be brought about in Ethiopia , and such an environment would be many times more conducive to not only feeding Ethiopians but making them prosperous .
After all , that is the ultimate objective
Source Irish Times
There will be many posts focusing on the look , feel , and features of the Nexus One , so I ’m going to focus on what Android ’s latest incarnation says about the competitive landscape – what I ’ve elsewhere called the war for the web .
Android vs. iPhone is one important front in that “ war . ”
News from the front : a possible turning point for Android .
I ’ve been a huge iPhone fan , but after using the Nexus One for a few weeks , I find so much to like that I ’m close to the point where Android might be my first choice .
While I may yet go back to my iPhone , I ’m conflicted .
The key to the turning point is not how slick the phone is – even though it ’s thin , fast , bright , and beautiful , with amazing sensor - based capabilities including noise - canceling headphones , automated brightness adjustment based on external light levels , voice - activated search , navigation and data - entry , different “ home ” screens based on whether it ’s in your pocket or sitting in car - dock .
Nor is it the fact that you can buy unlocked phones without any plan directly from Google , or that you will soon be able to choose plans from Verizon and Vodaphone as well as T - Mobile .
The real turning point is Google ’s commitment to making the Nexus One a web - native device .
As Google VP of Product Management Mario Queiroz said in today ’s press conference , a nexus is a place where multiple worlds meet .
“ The Nexus One is where the phone meets the web . ”
It ’s a connected device in a way that is more fundamental than any previous phone .
The biggest pluses of the Nexus One are all around the simplicity and completeness of the cloud integration :
The Android Market rocks .
It ’s a “ one click ” experience compared to the iPhone App Store .
Find the app , add it directly to the phone .
No separate syncing step .
And there ’s more than enough choice there , with more apps being added every day .
I found myself having much more fun exploring and adding new apps than I ever had on the iPhone .
Payment is also easy – I have a feeling that the Android Market is going to be a major driver for Google Checkout , growing its base and making it a real contender as a first class internet payment system .
Not to mention that you buy the phone itself online using Google Checkout .
I ’m delighted by the useful security warnings ( now , that ’s unusual ! ) that show what system features each app you download will have access to .
I also love that the Market shows you how many times the app has been installed , so you can immediately see how popular it is .
Gmail is so good on the phone that I can , for the first time , imagine being totally without my laptop .
No need to sync address book and calendar .
Everything ’s always up to date .
Multi-tasking makes the phone feel much more like a real computer .
Maps and turn by turn navigation are great , although the speaking voice of the turn by turn is just awful .
In Android 2.1 , Google has speech - enabled every text field on the phone , not just search and navigation .
Frankly , speech recognition still does n’t work as well as I would hope , but as I ’ve written previously , when speech recognition is n’t happening on the device , but in the cloud , it gets better the more people use it .
Google Goggles is still a bit rough , but really promising .
I understand why it ’s not pre-loaded on the phone , but think it has real promise as a must - have app , and one that plays to Google ’s strengths .
I believe that image recognition and speech recognition are key to future UI improvements in mobile devices , and I applaud Google ’s long term commitment to these areas , even though they are n’t yet fully baked .
And the awe factor when you see someone point a camera at you and have the app say “ That ’s Tim O’Reilly ” tells you just how much more a device can do when it is backed by big data and powerful algorithms running on a cloud platform .
( Google has kept face recognition out of the production version of Goggles , but I had a full version demoed to me a few months ago , and it was truly a taste of the future . )
Augmented reality is coming to the iPhone as well ( Layar , the Yelp Monocle , and ShopSavvy being only a few examples ) , but this is Google ’s home turf .
The biggest minuses ( as might be expected ) are around UI :
The iPhone was always intuitive for me .
The gPhone is definitely a learning experience .
But the more familiar I get with it , the happier I am , unlike some devices where you never get over the hurdle , and never feel comfortable or effective .
Visual Voicemail is a killer app on the iPhone .
Going back to having to dial a number to hear voicemail just seems so wrong .
I ’m assuming that this is our wonderful patent system at work , as otherwise , it ’s hard to imagine that Google would n’t be copying this feature .
It ’s hard to make a single - touch UI that ’s as simple and useful as a multi- touch UI .
I know multi - touch is coming for Android , but not having it now is a big miss .
I love the experience of zooming on the iPhone with a pinch .
What ’s more , the sensitivity of the touch screen on the Nexus One leaves a lot to be desired .
Dragging seems to work fine , but some of the button presses are n’t recognized unless you press really hard .
The notification trackball is a nice idea , but I do n’t think it really adds much to my experience .
In fact , there are so many applications that send notifications that if the light is enabled , it ’s constantly flashing .
Future applications may learn better how to use color in notifications .
I really miss access to my iTunes music collection , which is also where I listen to audiobooks from audible.com .
That being said , this omission pushes me back in the direction of cloud music apps like Last .
FM and Pandora , though I ’m wishing that Rhapsody was available , since I ’m already a subscriber via my Sonos home music system .
Google has added its own built - in music app , but it has a limited selection , and what ’s worse , pre-empts the controls on the headset .
At least right now , they are n’t available to other music applications – pressing the pause button while in Last .
FM just starts a competing stream from the Google music app .
Unless Google is REALLY serious about getting into the music business , they should give up on their own app and work with third parties to fill this hole .
Google has n’t done as good a job as I would have expected of integrating photos and videos with Picasa and YouTube .
While Google claims one - click YouTube upload , it was n’t immediately obvious to me .
In any event , there ’s a potential liability in Google ’s tie to its own services .
For example , I ’d love to be able to auto - sync my photos to Flickr rather than Picasa – it will be interesting to see if Google ’s definition of open extends to the choice of competing cloud services , or if they will use the device to tie people ever more closely to their own services .
The lack of some simple features , like the ability to take screenshots , is also annoying .
Heck , even to install third - party screenshot apps , you need to root your phone .
Overall , the phone is good enough that it ’s conceivable in a way that it was n’t a few months ago that we ’ll see a replay of Apple ’s experience in the PC market twenty - five years ago , in which Apple ’s fit and finish was unquestionably superior , but a commodity platform that was “ good enough ” and available to the entire industry ended up taking the lead .
( Henry Blodget makes this case in Hey , Apple , Wake Up — It ’s Happening Again .
On the other hand , Mark Sigal raises a different historical analogy , Novell vs. Microsoft , asking whether Google ’s release of its own anointed phone might end up blunting adoption by other vendors , while Google takes the eye off its core business .
A lot depends on whether Google holds back anything from the platform available to others .
At today ’s press conference , Google emphasized the open platform aspect of Android , so they are trying to address that fear .
The model seems to be to work with individual partners to push the ball forward , but to return those innovations to the pool available to all partners . )
Overall , though , it seems to me that Google ’s experience in delivering cloud - based data - driven applications is aligned with long - term trends in a way that Apple ’s device - bound heritage is not .
Apple is playing catch - up in cloud infrastructure , building its own location services , for instance , but iTunes and the App Store excepted , Apple ’s cloud experience is limited , especially in the area of algorithmically driven applications , which I believe is so central to the future of computing .
Meanwhile , Google has so many data assets , and so much experience in algorithmic applications , that it may be difficult for Apple to compete in the long term .
There ’s also the matter of cloud - native “ killer apps . ”
Apple ’s email , calendar , and address book show their PC - era roots .
They live on the PC and must be synced to the phone .
Google ’s web - native equivalents are always up to date , with syncing happening in real time .
In Apple ’s favor : software and design patents , which hold the competition at bay in a way that they did n’t in the 1980s .
Also in Apple ’s favor , its own killer apps , like iTunes , which is still the gold standard in music , but also the hub for podcasts , audiobooks , and ebooks .
Audiobooks and ebooks might make it into the Android Market , but it ’s hard to imagine the Market becoming the same kind of content hub that iTunes has become .
Also in Apple ’s favor : Google must make some of its key assets available on the iPhone or cede the real estate to competitors .
It would be a major blow , for example , if Bing search or Maps were the default on the iPhone instead of Google .
It ’s easy to imagine an Apple - Microsoft alliance in areas like search , location services , speech recognition , image recognition , and other cutting edge areas that will be a key part of Google ’s competitive advantage in the future .
Meanwhile , there are key third party apps that can make or break either platform – perhaps not quite as essential as in the days when Adobe ’s commitment to the Mac before Windows helped give Apple an insuperable lead in the design market , but still significant .
Google needs to aggressively map out a partner ecosystem in areas like music , ebooks , and the like , to make sure that they have a compelling offering to match what ’s already available on the iPhone .
Meanwhile , Apple needs to either beef up its capability in the kinds of data - backed applications , or partner aggressively with companies with more expertise than they currently have .
They also need to re-factor their core applications like iPhoto and iMovie to make them web -native , turning them into a base for collective intelligence .
Picasa and iPhoto both sport image recognition , but Apple has to train its algorithms on sample data sets , while Google gets to train Picasa on billions of user images .
As Peter Norvig , Google ’s chief scientist , once said to me , “ We do n’t have better algorithms .
We just have more data . ”
Collective intelligence is the secret sauce of Web 2.0 , and the future of all computing , and by locking user data into individual devices , Apple cuts itself off from this future .
Rather than having MobileMe as a separate revenue add - on , Apple needs to make all of its applications web - connected by default , so that they can learn from all their users .
What we see then is a collision of paradigms , perhaps as profound as the transition between the character - based era of computing and the GUI based era of the Mac and Windows .
We ’re moving from the era in which the device is primary and the web is an add - on , to the era in which a device and its applications are fundamentally dependent on the internet operating system that provides location , speech recognition , image recognition , social network awareness , and other fundamental data services .
We ’re in for an interesting ride .
P.S. Marshall Kirkpatrick over at ReadWriteWeb reminds us that new FTC guidance requires bloggers who receive free products to disclose that fact .
Since the Nexus
One did n’t go on sale until today , and I mention that I ’ve had it for a few weeks , it should be obvious that I did not buy the phone , but received it from Google .
However , they did not ask me to review it .
O’Reilly often receives early access to software and hardware products from vendors so that we can plan our publishing and conference programs , and so we can provide feedback about the product .
We believe that the FTC guidance is over - broad .
It is designed to protect against potentially deceptive paid endorsements , not to prevent the development of third party documentation or other services .
If you 're concerned about Google retaining your personal data , then you must be doing something you should n't be doing .
At least that 's the word from Google CEO Eric Schmidt .
" If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place , " Schmidt tells CNBC , sparking howls of incredulity from the likes of Gawker .
But the bigger news may be that Schmidt has actually admitted there are cases where the search giant is forced to release your personal data .
" If you really need that kind of privacy , the reality is that search engines - including Google - do retain this information for some time and it's important , for example , that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities . "
There 's also the possibility of subpoenas .
And hacks .
But if any of this bothers you , you should be ashamed of yourself .
According to Eric Schmidt .
Gawker highlights the irony of Schmidt 's typically haughty proclamations .
After all , this is the man who banned CNet for a year after the news site published information about him it had gleaned from , yes , Google .
But the larger point here is that Schmidt is n't even addressing the issue at hand .
Per usual .
When the privacy question appears , Google likes to talk about the people asking the questions .
But the problem lies elsewhere : with the millions upon millions blissfully unaware of the questions .
If you 're concerned about your online privacy , you can always put the kibosh on Google 's tracking cookies .
You can avoid signing in to Google accounts .
And , yes , you can avoid using Google for anything Eric Schmidt thinks you should n't be doing .
But most web users do n't even realize Google is hoarding their data .
CNBC asks Schmidt : " People are treating Google like their most trusted friend .
Should they be ? "
But he answers by scoffing at those who do n't trust Google at all .
Not that you 'd expect anything less .
As always , Schmidt 's holier - than - thou attitude is wonderfully amusing .
Except that it 's not . ®
Name " Is a ... " Tested Initial Approval Themeable Board Approved Legal Approved
Burton Constantine the African translated several important books and documents in his time .
And so is Sir Richard Burton , a translator , who gave us the english versons of The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night and The Perfumed Garden Yes .
There is a Burton Snowboards and a Burtons clothing store in the UK , but no tech collision except for a chemical process known as the Burton Process Yes : history , geography , vegetation , chemistry , and sports .
Viktoria / Victoria Constantine ( The Trickster ) is a character from Thief game , and so is Viktoria .
Crystal Constantine
Lake is a lake in the state of Colorado in the USA , as is Crystal Lake .
A " Crystal Lake " is also the setting for a particular series of movies .
Water
Xerxes Also known as Xerxes the Great , king of ancient Persia .
Moreover the board computer from System Shock 2 game .
History
Botany Constantine is a bay in the UK , and so is Botany ( in Australia ) ,
It is also the science of plants Yes Yes ( plants )
Coliseo in Spanish , means Colosseum , a monument in Rome .
One of the Seven Wonders of the World , symbol of the greatness .
Both Constantine and Coliseo are monument in Rome .
Maximus Magnus Maximus was a usurper in the Western Roman Empire , elevated by Gerontius , a general of Constantine III and his military governor of Spain .
Temüjin Birth name of the founder , Khan ( ruler ) and Khagan ( emperor ) of the Mongol Empire , the largest contiguous empire in history ...
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of northeast Asia .
Agnon ( Agnomon ) Constantine is an ancient king who conducted his people into Asia Minor , and so is Agnon ( Agnon was a tribal patriarch in the Scythian / Milesian bloodline that Constantine descends from , the race of Fenius ) Celtic & Byzantine ; myth & legend
Hellsten ( Constantine , Hellsten ) is a hotel in ( Istanbul , Stockholm ) Yes
Monterey Constantine is a bay , and so is Monterey Yes , no conflict Yes
Amanjena ( Constantine , Amanjena ) is a hotel in ( Istanbul , Marrakech ) Amanjena is at the 12 km marker .
12+1 = 13 Yes
Keating name of a figure involved in a prominent American political scandal ( Keating Five , Eliot Spitzer ) Yes ( Really ?
How ?
-- PWF ( Celtic patterns ! -- mizmo ) ( Cool ! -- PWF )
Macbeth Pictish King Yes
Kennedy the first Catholic ruler of his nation / empire
Gates Ivy League professor that was a victim of racism covered by the news media .
Manahen Constantine is a Syrian citizen and so is Manahen
Lincoln Leader during a civil war Yes
Underwood finalist in American Idol season 4
Stars indie-rock band from Toronto , Canada .
Yes
Blue Ridge name of a carpet manufacturer in the Dalton , GA area Yes
Ronan name of a Cornish saint ( Another religious figure ?
-- PWF ) ( the link from leonidas was ' king ' not ' saint ' -- mizmo )
Ashoka Ashoka is an emperor .
Ashoka is also the name of a flowering tree found in South Asia .
Lynley Inspector Lynley is a fictional detective .
Captain John Constantine is also a fictional detective .
Ca n't see conflict unless the name of Lynley itself is trademarked yes , detective paraphernalia
Plato Constantine is a street name in Cainta , Rizal , Philippines and so is Plato .
Gordian Roman emperor
Jovian 4th Century Roman emperor
Charles Constantine was an emperor and so was Charles ( IV ) .
Ramanujan Constantine Caratheodory was a famous mathematician , so was Srinivasa Ramanujan ( they were also of a same era ) Yes , symbols .
And 1729 too .
Ramanujan Number :)
Buland Darwaza
The Arch of Constantine is a triumphal arch in Rome , so is Buland Darwaza .
Yes
Megavissey Constantine Bay is in Cornwall , so is Megavissey .
Yes
Commodus Roman emperor .
Yes
Watergate Bay in Cornwall .
Yes
Sobers Sir Garfield Sobers , West Indian allrounder , as was Sir Learie Constatine .
Yes
Methodius Constantine is a missionary of Christianity to the Slavs , so is Methodius ( mcsontos : as co-authors of first Slavic alphabet could be considered bringing literacy .
Also siblings . [ 1 ] )
Yes , Slavic , Byzantine , and some Early Middle Ages stuff
Segovia Spanish City , birthplace of Constantine 's successor Theodosius the Great , last Roman emperor .
Yes , no relevancy , city located Software companies Yes , Vitruvius work´s .
Bridge & Water architecture
Cesar Constantine is a Roman emperor and Cesar too
Independence Constantine is a fort location in Fallout 3 game and Independence too
Namuncura Constantine is a Saint and Ceferino Namuncurá too
Vojtech Constantine is a Saint person and Vojtěch is too
Qin Shi Huang Controversial emperors
Torquemada 1986
Eagle award winner possible conflict with Torquemada games
Klaatu ' Klaatu ' and ' Constantine ' are both characters played by Keanu Reeves in movies
Manfredi Gregory M. Constantine and Juan J. Manfredi are both professors of the Department of Mathematics of the Pittsburgh University
Spiegel According to WikiPedia , Keanu Reeves is going to play " Spike Spiegel " in the upcoming Cowboy Bebop movie .
He also played Constantine before Cowboy Bebop ( anime / manga ) , Sci-Fi OR given that Spiegel ( german ) translates to mirror , use that as a theme
Birgitta Constantine
I is a saint , and so is Birgitta Birgersdotter of Sweden Yes , found no collision Yes , saints of all kinds
Celestine Constantine is a pope , and so is Celestine V Yes , found no collision Yes , popes ( of all kinds )
Eusebius Constantine is 4th Century Christian Figure , so is Eusibius .
( Eusibius was Constantine 's Historian )
Yes , only personal programmers with first or last names of Eusebius
Sinaiticus Constantine is a 4th Century Christian object , so is the Codex Sinaiticus .
( Some believe the Codex Sinataitus was one of 50 bibles ordered by Constantine to be produced ) .
Future connections : Codex Sinaiticus is an ancient parchment document .
Codex Sinaiticus is a book / document in the British Library / Russian National Library / Leipiz University Library / St Catherine 's Monastary .
Yes , found no collision yes
Sequoia Beautiful tree , well known for its surprising height and age .
Yes
Blue Bolt Constantine is a superhero created by Alan Moore , Steve Bissette and John Totleben .
Blue Bolt is a Superhero in the public domain .
Blue Bolt was created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby .
http://pdsh.wikia.com/wiki/Blue_Bolt BAM CRASH POW
Nemo Constantine is a character created in part by Alan Moore .
Alan Moore used Captain Nemo in his Extraordinary Gentleman series .
( characters in public domain )
Ozymandias Constantine is a character created in part by Alan Moore .
Alan Moore used Ozymandias in his Watchmen series .
Also a poem .
Lucky Constantine is a vendor of woodworking tools [ 2 ] , so is Lucky [ 3 ] .
Contrarian take on 13 .
Lots of parked pages for google ' lucky computer ' - a vendor called " My Lucky Computer " appears to exist in Texas Horse shoes ( riff on Omega ) , rabbits feet , four - leaf clovers , etc. ( most cultures have luck symbols )
Vikramaditya
A legendary king famed for his wisdom , valour and magnanimity as Constantine was .
More interestingly , both Vikramaditya ( meaning Sun of Valour ) and Constantine ( initially ) were Sun worshippers .
yes , no conflict yes , Indian legends and myths
Pazhassi Constantine is a king and so is Pazhassi Raja ( King from Kerala , India ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pazhassi_Raja
Yes ,
No conflicts
Yes
Romulus Constantine is a Roman Emperor .
Romulus is the last Western Roman Emperor .
Yes
Atahualpa Constantine was a Roman Emperor .
Atahualpa was an Inca Emperor .
Yes
Fahrenheit Original XBOX game
Yes , no conflict Yes , weather
Midnite ' Constantine ' is a character in the same - named movie and so is Midnite .
Yes , e.g. a moon , blue night sky
Torque Village Roadshow / Warner Bro Picture
Yes , no conflict Yes , physics
Vonzell American
Idol season 4 contestant Yes , no conflict
Haridopolos Florida state senator
Yes , no conflict
Siplin Florida state senator
Yes , no conflict
Thrasher Florida state senator
Yes , yes
Villalobos Florida state senator
Yes , no conflict
Charalambos Constantine is a greek name so is Charalambos Yes , yes
Agesilaos Constantine is a great king of the Roman Empire .
Agesilaos ( Ἀγησίλαος ) is a great king of the mighty people of Sparta .
No conflicts found
Casablanca old movie the 1942 .
name means white ( blanca ) house ( casa ) .
one of the largest artificial ports in the world .
place how hosted the Casablanca Conference in 1943 .
Yes
Ferdinand Ferdinand I of León and Castile was called The Great , so was Constantine I of Rome .
Yes .
Mascara Constantine is a province in Algeria , so is Mascara .
Yes
Kublai Constantine is an emperor of the Roman Empire , so Kublai is an emperor of the Mongolia .
Yes [ 14 ]
Isabella ( Isabel ) Queen regnant of Cilician Armenia ( 1219 -1252 ) [ 15 ] .
Constantine of Barbaron , Armenian noble , was her guardian and then she was married with Hethum , his son Yes , found a font and freeware game " Princess Isabella : A Witch 's Curse " Yes , medieval Europe themes
Langstrom Constantine is the last name of a character in comics , so as Langstrom .
Comics
Hammurabi First King of Babylonian Empire .
Constantine is a mighty King so is Hammurabi .
Horseshoe Constantine is a lake in Eagle County CO ; Horseshoe is a lake in Sedgwick County KS .
Another spin on the " lucky " theme .
Yes , no apparent conflicts .
UPDATE : oops Horseshoe Technologies .
Gloriana Constantine is a character of Arthurian legends ( based on the historical figure ) , and so is Gloriana , the Faerie Queen . [ 16 ]
Yes , found a font and a pc game Yes , Arthurian legends or fairy theme
Muenster Constantine is a variety of cheese [ 17 ] , as is muenster No obvious collisions
Severus Constantine is a Triumphal Arch in Rome .
Severus is also the name of an ancient roman arch .
No problems found ( What about Harry Potter ? )
Helena Saints Constantine and Helena is a resort town on the Bulgarian Black Sea coast Yes , No problems found
Spitzer Constantine is a mathematician , so is ( Frank ) Spitzer Yes , no obvious problems
Stanley Constantine Beskov was a famous Russian football player .
Stanley Matthews was famous UK football player .
They played together during the first tour of a Soviet club to the West ( Dynamo Moscow - Arsenal , Britain , 1945 ) .
Football , sports
Photios ( Saint ) Constantine studied at the University of Constantinople as did Saint Photios
Karius Constantine ( Valley ) is an undersea feature just north east of Amchitka island , south west of Alaska .
Karius Canyon is also an undersea feature just south west of the Amchitka Island .
Yes , no conflicts Water , Ice , Depth , Marine , Arctic
Loana Constantine is a sobriquet of an African dynastic ruler ( descendant of Solomon and Sheba - real name Zara Yakob [ 18 ] ) as is Loana ( Ever Youthful Rain Queen - real name Modjadji [ 19 ] )
Yes , only references to Umberto Eco 's book Rain
Katherine Princess Katherine was the child of King Constantine I of Greece . [ 20 ] Yes [ 21 ]
Nikias General Nikias was a general in ancient Athens during the Peloponnesian War and drove the peace process with King Leonidas of Sparta .
King Constantine was the last emperor of ancient Greece as we know it .
The name means victorious . [ 22 ]
Peteca female dog name Yes [ 23 ]
Caroline
There are a Constantine rock in California [ 24 ] [ 25 ] , and so is a Big Caroline rock in Australia [ 26 ]
Yes , found Carolina Software , Inc. ( one letter differs )
Copernicus on honor to Nicolaus Copernicus , because was the first astronomer to formulate a comprehensive heliocentric cosmology , which displaced the Earth from the center of the universe .
the propietary software was displaced by Fedora of the center of the world
Jason Constantine is the name of a main character of a movie and so is Jason ( movie ) .
Yes , found two possible issues but need verification ( 1 and 2
Matrix Constantine is the name of a movie staring Keanu Reeves , and so is The Matrix .
Hermione John Constantine is a fictional British wizard , and so is Hermione Granger .
Yes Wizardry , Magic
Ashurbanipal Constantine is a king , and emperor , and so is Ashurbanipal , who has created the world very first ancient library in Assyria .
Yes
Yes , library hall , similarly as an sanctuary - with in the middle the statue of the king [ 30 ]
Azaña Constantine II was an European chief of state ( the last King of Greece ) ousted by a fascistic dictatorship .
So was Manuel Azaña , last President of the Spanish Republic , ousted by Franco .
Yes
Alexandrine Alexandrine , Queen of Denmark , and Constantine I , king of Greece , was grand commanders of the Danish chivalric Order of the Dannebrog [ 31 ]
Yes , no problems found
Apostate Flavius Claudius Julianus , known also as Julian , Julian the Apostate was born at Constantinople in 331 .
His father was Julius Constantius , half - brother of the rome emperor Constantine through Constantius Chlorus .
Was Roman Emperor ( Caesar , November 355 to February 360 ; Augustus , February 360 to June 363 ) , last of the Constantinian dynasty .
Julian was a man of " unusually complex character " : he was " the military commander , the theosophist , the social reformer , and the man of letters "
Yes , no problems found
Penguin Constantine was an emperor , emperor is a type of penguin .
Also Kevin Constantine was a coach for the Pittsburgh Penguins Yes , possible conflict with [ 32 ] although it seems no trademark was ever registered .
Tux , Antartica , Everything Linux !
Dominic is a saint as is Constantine , and is the patron saint of civil engineering Yes , none found civil engineering
Dryden is a translator as is Constantine .
He was an influential English poet , literary critic , translator , and playwright .
Yes , no conflicts found written word
Eustathios / Eustathius is a ( greek ) name meaning steadfast , so is Constantine ( in latin ) [ 33 ] only names of persons found Byzantine . [ 34 ]
Enmerkar is an author of a writing system [ 35 ] , so is Constantine / Konstantin aka Cyril [ 36 ]
Metal band of same name found .
Plenty : anything Babylonian , Summerian , Assyrian ; Alphabet (s ) , ...
Ancient Snot is an anagram of Constantine , so is Constantine .
Or if Mono 's included , how about " Contains Net " ?
Han-sur - Lesse Constantine , Cornwall is a place near 50°7 ' N , 5°10'W , Han-sur - Lesse ( Belgium ) is a place on the other side of the Greenwich Meridian ( 50°7 ' N , 5°10'E ) yes caves
Roma Constantine was Roman emperor and Rome was the centre of the Roman Empire
Byzas is a founder of Byzantium , the city later known as Constantinople was founded by Constantine .
Michael Ruppert proudly claims that he predicted the global economic slump more than four years ago in his self - published " From the Wilderness , " a monthly news publication and Web site .
A narcotics investigator for the Los Angeles police department in the 1970s , Mr. Ruppert left the department and spent years trying to expose links between the CIA and drug smuggling ; after 9/11 , he wrote the 2004 bestseller " Crossing the Rubicon : The Decline of the American Empire at the End of the Age of Oil , " published by New Society Publishers and a favorite among conspiracy theorists .
Mr ....
Summer is quickly approaching , school will soon be out , and the kids will be running wild .
Of course , you probably wo n’t get to enjoy much of it because you will be working , but there are even more things that you have to do in order to get your kid ready for the glorious months ahead .
Safety During The Night
Since your kid has been forced to be in bed by 9 pm for the past 10 months or so , it is only going to be natural that they want to stay out late playing with their friends .
Whether they are out riding bikes or just walking around the neighbor , you need to talk to your kids about being aware of drivers on the road .
Anyone driving into the neighbor during the later hours will probably tired from working and wo n’t be fully aware of other people or bikers on the road .
When you mix in the limited daylight this is only a recipe for disaster .
However , you can purchase you kids a pair of LED shoes that will make them visible to anyone .
These shoes are trendy and are something that all the kids are wearing .
It wo n’t even be something that you have to force your kids to wear , they will immediately slip into them without any arguments , and you can rest assured that you kid will be visible during the night hours .
Drinking Plenty Of Fluids
Along with the summer months come the hot summer sun .
Since your kids will probably be out playing like wild in the sun all day long it is important that they stay hydrated .
Be sure that you speak with them about drinking plenty of fluids throughout the day , because the sun can really drain their body of fluids .
You would be surprised at how many kids end up dying for dehydration each year because they did n’t even realize they were dehydrated .
Wearing The Appropriate Protection
Whether your kids will be hitting the basketball court or the beach this summer , it is important to remember that the sun can be harsh on the skin .
You need to make sure that you kids have the appropriate protection .
Sunglasses can keep the sun from damaging the eyes , and sun tanning lotion in always a must for the skin .
Just remember that if you kid is hitting the beach with their light up shoes they need to be careful , because too much water can damage the battery in the shoes .
While the shoes are safe from light rain and snow , too much water can damage the shoes .
Safely Lock The House
Regardless of where you live there is always a threat of intruders and break - ins .
While your kid will be anxious to get out and play with his or her friends you need to take the time to talk to your kid about safely locking up this house .
Make sure they know how to set and disable the alarm , and never let anyone they do n’t know into the house .
Make sure they always carry a copy of the house keys , so they can get back inside .
US economic pressure on Israel via loan guarantees ?
Do n’t make me laugh .
A while ago I met – on their request – with US Administration economists in Washington who deal with Israeli issues .
These are serious people who are well familiar with our economy and highly impressed by it .
Towards the end of the conversation , one of them asked :
What about the loan guarantees ?
And all of us burst out in laughter .
It was a healthy laughter .
At the height of the 2002 recession , the Israeli government approached the US Administration and asked that it approve loan guarantees that would enable Jerusalem to raise capital internationally .
In exchange for these guarantees , Israel was asked to pay a risk premium in advance .
Unshaken Steinitz : Israel can do without US economic aid Roni Sofer Finance minister responds to Mideast envoy George Mitchell 's threat to freeze loan guarantees if Jewish state fails to make progress in peace process , says 'we are doing very well without them . '
Education Minister Sa'ar : Israel will act in accordance with its interests Steinitz : Israel can do without US economic aid
Since October 2004 , Israel has made no use of the guarantees , whose validity was extended from time to time .
A total of $ 3.8 billion in unused loan guarantees are just lying there .
A year ago , on the eve of the elections , both Netanyahu and Barak spoke about the possibility of using the guarantees as a lever that would pull the economy out of recession .
After the elections they examined the statistics and discovered that Israel has a huge foreign currency surplus relative to our economy ’s size .
The notion of using the guarantees was abandoned , and rightfully so .
As of September 2009 , Israel ’s foreign debt totals $ 28 billion .
Meanwhile , the State of Israel ’s foreign currency reserves total $ 60 billion .
Most of them are invested in US government bonds .
That is , the Israeli government ’s foreign debt stands at - $ 32 billion .
Or in other words , at this time we , Israelis , are financing America ’s debts – and not the other way around .
Disconnected from reality
China is doing the same to a much greater extent , but the principle is the same : States with a foreign currency surplus , such as Israel or China , are financing states that are facing a deficit , such as the US .
Moreover , objectively speaking , Israel should have been able to raise capital abroad while paying a lower interest than the US .
The ratio between net government debt and GDP – which serves as an indication of a state ’s financial stability – is lower in Israel than in America .
However , no credit rating company out there would lower America ’s rating while boosting Israel’s .
These firms are dependent on the US Congress , and recently also on large clients from oil states .
Israel initially asked for loan guarantees at the end of the Shamir government ’s term in office , and got them only after Yitzhak Rabin was elected as prime minister in 1991 .
The first guarantees were to the tune of $ 9 billion and Israel used them fully , even though much of the money remained in the government ’s bank accounts for years .
We had no use for them .
So why did we take them ?
“ It was embarrassing to give them up after the intense lobbying effort in Congress , ” a Treasury official explained .
At this time too , the Israeli government is embarrassed to tell the US administration what needs to be said : Please , take back your loan guarantees .
In the coming decade we probably will not need them , while you may very well need them .
The Administration economists I met know this well .
People who still speak about “ US economic pressure on Israel via loan guarantees ” are completely disconnected from reality .
Israel is now helping the US pay its deficits , and not the other way around .
This is why we were laughing , the American economists and myself , when the issue of loan guarantees came up in our conversation .
I was laughing happily ; they were laughing somewhat sadly .
A Swedish online clothing and tech retailer has assumed ownership of The Pirate Bay 's logo and plans to market the iconic pirate ship – with a cassette - tape image and crossbones – on USB sticks .
The company , Sandryds Handel , registered the logo with Sweden 's Patent and Registration Office .
The Pirate Bay founders , who face a year in prison pending the outcome of their criminal appeal for facilitating copyright infringement , had never registered the mark and have always allowed it to be reproduced .
At least one of the four Pirate Bay founders did n't think the changeover was amusing , saying the image should remain in the public domain .
It 's worth noting that The Pirate Bay 's disdain for private ownership of intellectual property does n't extend to its domain name , which it agreed to sell for about $ 8 million , in a deal that now looks all but dead .
Peter Sunde , one of the four convicted Pirate Bay co-founders , told TorrentFreak that that the Bay would challenge the intellectual property office 's decision to grant control of the image 's rights to Sandryds Handel .
" They took it from the public ... and turned it into their logo that they control , " Sunde added on Twitter Monday .
" It 's a publicly owned logo . "
In an interview with Swedish media , Sandryds Handel spokesman Bengt Wessborg explained the company 's move .
" The idea is to sell USB drives using this brand , " he said .
" We saw that it was not already allocated to someone else .
It was not registered . "
See Also :
Scottsdale Attorney for Asset Protection in Divorce
A casualty of many divorce proceedings in Arizona is the financial situation of one or both parties .
Maintaining two households and multiple vehicles costs a lot .
Duplicating the children ’s possessions between homes costs a lot .
Because Arizona is a community property state , divorcing couples may need to sell assets to be able to divide the marital property as required by law .
Many men and women are often unpleasantly surprised by the outcome of the property division process in divorce .
Experienced Arizona Asset Protection Lawyer in Phoenix and Scottsdale , AZ
At our Scottsdale family law firm , the Law Office of Karen A. Schoenau , our skilled family lawyer helps clients protect their separate assets so they are not included in the community property that must be divided .
With more than 30 years of experience handling complex divorce - related financial matters in Arizona , Attorney Karen Schoenau can protect your assets and your interests .
In addition to being surprised by the outcome of the property division process , many people are also surprised by the divorce itself — they did not see it coming .
Because so much of the work of asset protection must be completed before the divorce , a spouse who was jolted by a divorce request needs an experienced and knowledgeable lawyer even more .
Having been caught off - guard by the divorce , they may not have taken the steps needed to protect their assets .
Protect Your Assets & Property in Advance of Divorce in Arizona : Consider a Prenup and Other Options
Although no one enters marriage anticipating divorce , people with significant assets should consider a prenuptial agreement .
A prenup can define the types of property to be excluded or included in community property .
It can also specify any financial settlement terms that would apply in the event of divorce or separation .
A valid prenup takes precedence over Arizona law , permitting property to be divided as stipulated by the agreement .
Moreover , if you do not have a prenuptial agreement before marriage , you can obtain a post - nuptial agreement that covers the same ground .
Other strategies to protect your assets in the event of divorce include :
Keeping inheritances separate rather than commingled .
Having at least one credit card in your name only .
Understanding the details of your financial situation .
Exploring the formation of an irrevocable asset protection trust .
An experienced family law attorney can advise you about the best strategy for protecting your assets if a divorce occurs .
Protect Yourself During Divorce in Scottsdale , AZ : Be Methodical
You may be thinking about divorce yourself , or may have just been blindsided by your spouse ’s request for a divorce .
In either case , there are things you can do to protect your financial situation .
These include :
Gather all your financial records that document separate and community property , such as bank accounts , credit cards , titles to real property , auto titles , brokerage accounts , tax returns , and anything else that can document separate and community property .
Identify all personal property and financial assets that you inherited .
Establish a personal bank account as soon as possible .
If you already have an account , start using it for everything .
This is a basic list .
If you and your spouse own a business jointly , it is important to protect the assets tied up in that business .
Whatever your situation , you should learn about your options so that the property division process is fair .
Contact an Experienced Scottsdale Family Lawyer to Learn About Protecting Your Assets During Divorce
If you are thinking about divorce or have just learned that your spouse wants a divorce , take steps right away to protect your assets .
Call Scottsdale divorce attorney Karen Schoenau at 480-209-1918 or toll free at 888-304-0928 .
You may also reach us through the online contact form .
With unemployment at 10 % and prospects for finding work bleak , foreign - born professionals who came to the United States in search of better job opportunities and prosperity are now retreating .
Foreign - based companies , particularly in Asia , are using the employment picture in the U.S. as a means to lure former residents home .
This comes as a welcome respite for professionals who 've experienced layoffs , underemployment and visa issues .
Vivek Wadhwa , a senior research associate at Harvard Law School who has studied these trends , says frustrations about the lack of advancement in the U.S. , where salary and promotion freezes have become the norm , are a significant factor in foreign - born professionals ' heading home .
HSBC Bank International 's 2009 Expat Explorer survey found that 23 % of U.S. - based expats are considering returning home , compared with 15 % elsewhere in the world .
The most frequently cited reason was increasingly limited career prospects , according to the survey of more than 3,100 expats , defined as anyone over 18 living outside their country of origin .
Better Opportunities
Regina McAnally returned to Germany — with her 15 - year - old son Josh — after 22 years in the U.S. after her opportunities for advancement were limited .
She now tells friends to consider the making the same move .
Alexa Vachon for The Wall Street Journal
Many of these workers have become dissatisfied with their compensation or advancement opportunities in the U.S. and perceive better opportunities back home or in other parts of the world .
Regina McAnally , a native of Frankfurt , moved to the U.S. in 1985 but found herself back in Germany in 2007 after the company she worked for as an accountant faced difficulties and her opportunities for advancement became slim .
Ms. McAnally , who never visited her home country during her 22 years in the U.S. , now works as a financial analyst with an automotive company in Cologne .
She uprooted her son , then 15 , to Germany as well .
Ms. McAnally says in the U.S. , she was unable to find a job despite numerous applications .
Not so in Germany .
" Since I 've been here I 've had headhunters calling me at work trying to hire me away , " she says , adding that her new employer paid for her overseas move .
Michael Burda , a professor of economics at the Humboldt University of Berlin , says while unemployment is at 7.6 % in the country overall , the majority of the unemployed are unskilled .
" I keep telling my friends in the States you need to look for a job here ; there 's no job shortage if you have a college degree , " says Ms. McAnally .
Margaret Morand moved to New York from Australia seven years ago and worked for cosmetics company L'Oreal S.A. in its New York offices .
Three years ago she left the company to freelance as a color specialist and handled responsibilities like writing color manuals , working photo shoots and marketing brands .
In late 2007 , however , work began to slow and by April , securing jobs became much more difficult .
Ms. Morand began applying for full - time positions locally and in Florida and Los Angeles , where she had business connections , but to no avail .
In August she returned to Australia .
She says she 'll miss the energy of New York , the seasons and Central Park .
" It 's just sad , " she says from her parents ' home in Melbourne .
Still , with the unemployment rate at 5.7 % in Australia , Ms. Morand considers the career opportunities in her home country better .
" Certainly compared to New York [ the outlook ] does n't appear to be as critical , " she says .
Visa Issues
Beyond the opportunity gap , Mr. Wadhwa says employees with H - 1B visas — permits issued to skilled workers from other countries allowing them to work in the U.S. — could be treated unfairly by management .
" The employer is n't worried about you leaving them , because it 's hard to get H - 1B jobs .
So they give you lower salary increases and inferior work , " says Mr. Wadhwa .
" They do n't perceive you as a threat to leave . "
Displaced workers with H - 1B work visas find themselves with no options other than returning home , says Michael Wildes , managing partner of Wildes & Weinberg PC , a New York - based immigration - law firm .
Mr. Wildes says there is no official grace period after a worker with an H - 1B visa is laid off , so there 's pressure to find a new job immediately , a daunting task in today 's hiring climate .
The only legal option for these displaced workers is a plane ticket home or a change to visitor status — often limited to a six - month stay — he says .
Many home countries have made significant economic strides in the past decade , making them more appealing to expats living in the U.S .
" When people came here a decade ago from India and China , they left behind a land where the opportunities are n't nearly what they are today , " says Mr. Wadhwa .
He expects more than 100,000 expats to return to India in the next five years and says human - resource directors in India and China he has surveyed have noticed a tenfold increase in the number of résumés from the U.S .
And recruiters say in most cases , salaries will be equivalent to or better than what the employees were making in the U.S. , although adjusted to the living costs in the new country .
Interest in Asia
Contact Singapore , an alliance of Singapore 's Economic Development Board and Ministry of Manpower that works to attract global talent to work in Singapore , is one group that has noticed more interest in opportunities from Singaporeans working in America .
Office workers cross an intersection in the central business district of Singapore , on Tuesday , Sept. 15 , 2009 .
Bloomberg News
Siew Kiang
Ng , executive director of the alliance , says New Yorkers in particular are very interested in opportunities back home .
" They are finding it difficult to secure a job , and there were many senior talent laid off , " she says .
She says that industries such as financial services , research and health care are still thriving on the island nation , where the overall unemployment rate is just 3.4 % .
Hui Sin Teo , 25 , accepted a position with the Singapore Ministry of Finance in July after graduating from Harvard .
Ms. Teo applied for positions in the U.S. and originally planned to work in the U.S. for a while before returning home .
But the bad economy accelerated her return .
Anthony Lim Weng Kin , Americas president of the Government of Singapore Investment Corp. , a global investment - management company that participates in Contact Singapore recruiting events , has seen a 20 % uptick in applications for its young - professionals program .
The program is a yearlong " boot camp " for recruits , after which they are placed within different departments of the firm .
He says this year , many applicants are new graduates from New York and the United Kingdom .
" In the past , Singaporean graduates would want to work in the U.S. for a number of years before going back .
What 's happened in the last 18 to 24 months has accentuated the attractiveness of Asia , " he says .
Recruiting Returnees
What 's more , foreign - based companies and U.S. companies with divisions abroad are actively looking to attract displaced talent in the U.S. Eileen Finn , a New York - based executive recruiter , is currently working on a search for a chief financial officer to be based in India .
The global financial - services firm that employed her specifically requested an Indian national working in the U.S. , the U.K. or other areas with high unemployment .
Ms. Finn says part of what makes these expats attractive to employers is that they have Western experience , the are more willing to return than in times of economic prosperity , they assimilate well into the culture , and they do n't necessarily expect the generous expat packages — relocation costs , travel and other perks — that a U.S. citizen would .
Charley Polachi , co-founder of Polachi Access Executive Search in Framingham , Mass. , currently is vying for a job to fill several expat spots for a West Coast venture capital firm with operations in India and China .
He says the firm is specifically looking for Indian and Chinese nationals in the U.S. because they have Western skill sets and the cultural , social and language skills necessary to succeed abroad .
Write to Dana Mattioli at dana.mattioli@wsj.com
Some people want the Apple Tablet to run Mac OS X's user interface .
Others think its UI will be something exotic .
Both camps are wrong :
The iPhone started a UI revolution , and the tablet is just step two .
Here 's why .
Advertisement
If you are talking hardware , you can speculate about many different features .
But when it comes to the fabled Apple Tablet , there are basically three user interface camps at war .
On one side there are the people who think that a traditional GUI — one built on windows , folders and the old desktop metaphor — is the only way to go for a tablet .
You know , like with the Microsoft Windows - based tablets , and the new crop of touchscreen laptops .
Advertisement
In another camp , there are the ones who are dreaming about magic 3D interfaces and other experimental stuff , thinking that Apple would come up with a wondrous new interface that nobody can imagine now , one that will bring universal love , world peace and pancakes for everyone — even while Apple and thousands of experts have explored every UI option imaginable for decades .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And then there 's the third camp , in which I have pitched my tent , who says that the interface will just be an evolution of an existing user interface , one without folders and windows , but with applications that take over the entire screen .
A " modal " user interface that has been proven in the market battlefield , and that has brought a new form of computing to every normal , non-computer - expert consumer .
Yes , people , I 'm afraid that the tablet will just run a sightly modified version of the iPhone OS user interface .
And you should be quite happy about it , as it's the culmination of a brilliant idea proposed by a slightly nutty visionary genius , who died in 2005 without ever seeing the rise of the JesusPhone .
Advertisement
This guy 's name was Jef Raskin .
The incredible morphing computer
Raskin was the human interface expert who lead the Macintosh project until Steve Jobs — the only guy whose gigantic ego rivaled Raskin 's — kicked him out .
During his time at Apple , Raskin worked on a user interface idea called the " information appliance , " a concept that was later bastardized by the Larry Ellisons and Ciscos of this world .
Advertisement
In Raskin 's head , an information appliance would be a computing device with one single purpose — like a toaster makes toast , and a microwave oven heats up food .
This gadget would be so easy to use that anyone would be able to grab it , and start playing with it right away , without any training whatsoever .
It would have the right number of buttons , in the right position , with the right software .
In fact , an information appliance — which was always networked — would be so easy to use that it would become invisible to the user , just part of his or her daily life .
Advertisement
Sound familiar ?
Not yet ?
Well , now consider this .
Later in his life , Raskin realized that , while his idea was good , people could n't carry around one perfectly designed information appliance for every single task they can think of .
Most people were already carrying a phone , a camera , a music player , a GPS and a computer .
They were n't going to carry any more gadgets with them .
He saw touch interfaces , however , and realized that maybe , if the buttons and information display were all in the software , he could create a morphing information appliance .
Something that could do every single task imaginable perfectly , changing mode according to your objectives .
Want to make a call ?
The whole screen would change to a phone , and buttons will appear to dial or select a contact .
Want a music player or a GPS or a guitar tuner or a drawing pad or a camera or a calendar or a sound recorder or whatever task you can come up with ?
No problem : Just redraw the perfect interface on the screen , specially tailored for any of those tasks .
So easy that people would instantly get it .
Advertisement
Now that sounds familiar .
It 's exactly what the iPhone and other similar devices do .
And like Raskin predicted , everyone gets it , which is why Apple 's gadget has experienced such a raging success .
That 's why thousands of applications — which perform very specialized tasks — get downloaded daily .
The impending death of the desktop computer
Back in the ' 80s , however , this was n't possible .
The computing power was n't there , and touch technology as we know it did n't even exist .
Advertisement
During those years , Raskin wanted the information appliance concept to be the basis of the Mac but , as we know , the Macintosh evolved into a multiple purpose computer .
It was a smart move , the only possible one .
It would be able to perform different tasks , and the result was a lot simpler than the command - line based Apple II or IBM PC .
It used the desktop metaphor , a desk with folders to organize your documents .
That was a level of abstraction that was easier to understand than typing " dir " or " cd " or " cls . "
Advertisement
However , the desktop metaphor still required training .
It further democratized computing , but despite its ease of use , many people then and today still find computers difficult to use .
In fact , now they are even harder to use than before , requiring a longer learning curve because the desktop metaphor user interface is now more complex ( and abstract ) than ever before .
People " in the know " do n't appreciate the difficulty of managing Mac OS X or Windows , but watching some of my friends deal with their computers make it painfully obvious :
Most people are still baffled with many of the conventions that some of us take for granted .
Far from decreasing over time , the obstacles to learning the desktop metaphor user interface have increased .
What 's worse , the ramping - up in storage capability and functionality has made the desktop metaphor a blunder more than an advantage :
How could we manage the thousands of files that populate our digital lives using folders ?
Looking at my own folder organization , we can barely , if at all .
Apple and Microsoft have tried to tackle this problem with database - driven software like iPhoto or iTunes .
Instead of managing thousands of files " by hand , " that kind of software turns the computer into an " information appliance , " giving an specialized interface to organize your photos or music .
Advertisement
That 's still imperfect , however , and — while easier than the navigate - through - a- zillion - folders alternative — we still have to live with conventions that are hard to understand for most people .
The failure of the Windows tablet
As desktop computing evolved and got more convoluted , other things were happening .
The Newton came up , drawing from Raskin 's information appliance concept .
It had a conservative morphing interface , it was touch sensitive , but it ended being the first Personal Digital Assistant and died , killed by His Steveness .
Advertisement
Newton — and later the Palm series — also ran specialized applications , and could be considered the proto-iPhone or the proto - Tablet .
But it failed to catch up thanks to a bad start , a monochrome screen , the lack of always - connected capabilities , and its speed .
It was too early and the technology was n't there yet .
Advertisement
When the technology arrived , someone else had a similar idea : Bill Gates thought the world would run on tablets one day , and he wanted them to run Microsoft software .
The form may have been right , but the software concept was flawed from the start :
He tried to adapt the desktop metaphor to the tablet format .
Instead of creating a completely new interface , closer to Raskin 's ideas , Gates adapted Windows to the new format , adding some things here and there , like handwriting recognition , drawing and some gestures — which were pioneered by the Newton itself .
That was basically it .
The computer was just the same as any other laptop , except that people would be able to control it with a stylus or a single finger .
Advertisement
Microsoft Windows tablets were a failure , and they became a niche device for doctors and nurses .
The concept never took off at the consumer level because people did n't see any advantage on using their good old desktop in a tablet format which even was more expensive than regular laptops .
The rise of the iPhone
So why would Apple create a tablet , anyway ?
The answer is in the iPhone .
While Bill Gates ' idea of a tablet was a market failure , it achieved one significant success :
It demonstrated that transferring a desktop user interface to a tablet format was a horrible idea , destined to fail .
That 's why Steve Jobs was never interested .
Something very different was needed , and that came in the form of a phone .
Advertisement
The iPhone is the information appliance that Raskin imagined at the end of his life : A morphing machine that could do any task using any specialized interface .
Every time you launch an app , the machine transforms into a new device , showing a graphical representation of its interface .
There are specialized buttons for taking pictures , and gestures to navigate through them .
Want to change a song ?
Just click the " next " button .
There are keys to press phone numbers , and software keyboards to type short messages , chat , email or tweet .
The iPhone could take all these personalities , and be successful in all of them .
When it came out , people instantly got this concept .
Clicking icons transformed their new gadget into a dozen different gadgets .
Then , when the app store appeared , their device was able to morph into an unlimited number of devices , each serving one task .
Advertisement
In this new computing world there were no files or folders , either .
Everything was database - driven .
The information was there , in the device , or out there , floating in the cloud .
You could access it all through all these virtual gadgets , at all times , because the iPhone is always connected .
I bet that Jobs and others at Apple saw the effect this had on the consumer market , and instantly thought : " Hey , this thing changes everything .
It is like the new Mac after the Apple II . "
A new computing paradigm for normal consumers , from Wilson 's Mac - and - PC - phobic step - mom to my most computer - illiterate friends .
One that could be adopted massively if priced right .
A new kind of computer that , like the iPhone , could make all the things that consumers — not professionals , or office people — do with a regular computers a lot easier .
This was the next step after the punching card , the command line , and the graphical desktop metaphor .
It actually feels like something Captain Picard would use .
Advertisement
Or , at least , that 's how the theory goes .
Stretching the envelope
For the tablet revolution to happen , however , the iPhone interface will need to stretch in a few new directions .
Perhaps the most important and difficult user interface problem is the keyboard .
Quite simply , how will we type on the thing ?
It 's not as easy as making the iPhone keyboard bigger .
You can read our analysis of the potential solutions here .
The other issues involved are :
Advertisement
• How would Apple and the app developers deal with the increased resolution ?
• How would Apple deal with multitasking that , in theory , would be easier with the increased power of a tablet ?
• Where would Apple place the home button ?
Advertisement
The resolution dilemma
The first question has an easy answer from a marketing and development perspective .
Advertisement
At the marketing level , it would be illogical to waste the power that the sheer number of iPhone / iPod Touch applications give to this platform .
Does this mean that the Apple Tablet would run the same applications as the iPhone , just bigger , at full screen ?
This is certainly a possibility if the application does n't contain a version of its user interface specifically tailored for the increased screen real state .
It 's also the easiest one to implement .
The other possibility is that , in the case the application is not ready for the extra pixel space , it may run alongside other applications running at 320 x 240 pixels .
Advertisement
Here is a totally made - up example of home - screen icons and apps running on a tablet at full screen :
However , this would complicate the user interface way too much .
My logical guess is that , if the app interface is not Tablet - ready , it would run at full screen .
That 's the cheapest option for everyone , and it may not even be needed in most cases :
If the rumors are true , there will be a gap between the announcement of the device and the actual release .
This makes sense , as it will give developers time to scramble to get their apps ready for the new resolution .
Advertisement
Most developers will like to take advantage of the extra pixels that the screen offers , with user interfaces that put more information in one place .
But the most important thing is that the JesusTablet - tailored apps represent an opportunity to increase their sales .
From a development point of view , this represents an easily solvable challenge .
Are there going to be two applications , one for the iPhone / iPod touch , and another one for the tablet ?
Most likely , no .
If Apple follows the logic of their Mac OS X's resolution - independent application guidelines — issued during the World Wide Developers Conference in June — the most reasonable option could be to pack the two user interfaces and associated art into a single fat application .
Advertisement
How to multitask
Most rumors are pointing at the possibility of multitasking in the tablet ( and also on the iPhone OS 4.0 ) .
This will bring up the challenge of navigation through running apps that take all over the screen .
Palm 's Web OS solves this elegantly , but Apple has two good options in their arsenal , all present in Mac OS X .
Advertisement
The app switch bar or a dock
They can implement a simple dock that is always present on the screen or is invoked using a gesture or clicking a button or on a screen icon .
This is the simplest available method , and can also be made to be flashy and all eye candy .
Exposé
This is one of those features that people love in Mac OS X , but that only a few discover on their own .
Once you get it , you can't live without it .
I can imagine a tablet - based Exposé as an application switcher .
Make a gesture or click on a corner , and get all running applications to neatly appear in a mosaic , just like Mac OS X does except that they wo n't have multiple windows .
The apps could be updated live , ready to be expanded when you touch one of them .
Plenty of opportunity for sci - fi'ish eye candy here .
Advertisement
A gesture makes sense for implementing Exposé on the tablet — as you can do on the MacBook Pro — but they could also use their recently - patented proximity sensing technology .
In fact , I love this idea :
Make the four corners of the tablet hot , making icons appear every time you get a thumb near a corner .
The icons — which could be user customizable — could bring four different functions .
One of them would be closing the running application .
The other , call Exposé and bring up the mosaic with all running applications .
The other could invoke the home screen , with all the applications .
And a fourth one , perhaps , could open the general preferences .
Or bring a set of Dashboard widgets that will show instant information snippets , like in Mac OS X .
Here 's an illustration — again , totally hypothetical — of what this sort of Exposé interface might look like :
The trouble with the home button
The physical home button in the iPhone and the touch plays a fundamental role , and it's one of the key parts of the interface .
Simply put , without it , you can't exit applications and return to the home screen .
On the small iPhone , it makes sense to have it where it is .
On this larger format — check its size compared to the iPhone here — things are not so clear .
Advertisement
Would you have a single home button ?
If yes , would you place it on a corner , where it could be easily pressed by one of your thumbs , as you hold the tablet ?
On what corner ?
If you add two home buttons , for easier access , would n't that confuse consumers ?
Or not ?
And would n't placing a button affect the perception of the tablet as an horizontal or vertical device ?
This , for me , is one of the biggest — and silliest — mysteries of the tablet .
What about if Apple decides not to use a physical button ?
Like I point out in the idea about Exposé , the physical button could be easily replaced by a user definable hot corner .
Advertisement
Revolution Part Two
With these four key problems solved , whatever extra Apple adds — like extra gestures — is just icing on the iPhone user interface cake that so many consumers find so delicious .
The important thing here is that the fabled Apple Tablet wo n't revolutionize the computing world on its own .
It may become what the Mac was to the command - line computers , but the revolution already started with the iPhone .
Advertisement
If Apple has interpreted its indisputable success as an indication about what consumers want for the next computing era , the new device will be more of the same , but better and more capable .
Maybe Apple ignored this experience , and they have created a magical , wondrous , an unproven , completely new interface that nobody can imagine now .
You know , the one that will bring universal love , world peace and pancakes for everyone .
I 'm all for pancakes .
Advertisement
Or perhaps Steve Jobs went nuts , and he decided to emulate el Sr. Gates with a desktop operating system .
The most logical step , however , is to follow the iPhone and the direction set by Raskin years ago .
To me , the tablet will be the continuation of the end for the classic windowed environment and the desktop metaphor user interface .
And good riddance , is all I can say .
December 16 , 2009
ALMOST
A year ago , on the celebration of Martin Luther King 's birth and just as the Israeli military assault on Gaza was coming to a close , I wrote a piece titled " Israel in Gaza : A Time Comes When Silence is Betrayal . "
In that piece , I spoke of the role of American Jews and of Americans in remaining silent in the face of horrendous human rights violations perpetrated on Palestinians .
I acknowledged that , " For too long , and I do not exempt myself , most of us have stood silently by or made only a marginal protests about the massive violations of Palestinian rights carried out by Israel . "
I pointed out that for " as long as this silence continues , so will the U.S. billions in aid and arms that facilitates the killings of Palestinians . "
Since that time , I and many others , Jews and non-Jews alike , have come some distance toward breaking the silence .
We knew while the assault was continuing that we were witnessing massive crimes .
We watched as most of the world stood by .
Gaza , I think for many of us , demanded that we no longer stand on the sidelines .
A scene from Gaza following the January 2009 Israeli onslaught
I must admit to my shock at reading the Goldstone Report , the report of the UN Fact - Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict .
Fact by fact , it documented violations of the laws of war and human rights law that were chilling .
The report put the assault in the context of the responsibilities under law of an occupying power , which Israel is in the West Bank , East Jerusalem and Gaza .
It addressed the annexation of East Jerusalem ; the building of the wall , 85 percent of which is illegally located in occupied territory ; the pass laws ; and the settlements .
It addressed the blockade of Gaza , which began years before the December 2008 assault , and the collective punishment of the Palestinian people .
As to the war , the report concluded that the " military operations were directed by Israel at the people of Gaza as a whole " to " punish them " and " in a deliberate policy of disproportionate force aimed at the civilian population . "
Each example was more disturbing than the one before , and the cumulative effect was horrifying : deliberate targeting of civilians , the intentional destruction of the infrastructure of Gaza , including fuel supplies , the sewer system , the only flour mill and the Palestinian legislative building .
The killing statistics tell us almost all we need to know : over a thousand Palestinians were killed ( estimates run from 1,166 to 1,444 ) , most of them civilians ; 13 Israelis lost their lives , of which three were civilians .
Imagine Gaza as an overcrowded prison , for that is what it is , with no ability for people to hide , escape or defend themselves .
Then imagine an assault with impunity from the air , the sea and the land .
Gaza was no accident .
It was not a mistake .
Israeli leaders justified the destruction of civilian objects : " Destroy 100 homes for every rocket fired . "
The Israeli government claimed that " there is really no distinction to be made between military and civilian objectives as far as government and public administration in Gaza are concerned . "
AFTER THE Goldstone Report , there cannot be , if there ever was , any doubt about the need for investigation and prosecution of the criminality of the military assault on Gaza .
Judge Goldstone is one of the most preeminent jurists in the world - - he would be in my top three , and I am not sure who the other two are .
His credentials are impeccable .
A South African courageously opposed to apartheid , a justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa , and the chief prosecutor of the special UN tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia -- and a Jew as well .
Yet attack him and his report is exactly what Israel and the United States have done .
The U.S. State Department called it " deeply flawed , " but did not elaborate .
Israel , which had refused to cooperate in the investigation , said it was appalled and disappointed by the report , claiming it effectively ignored Israel 's right of self - defense , makes unsubstantiated claims about its intent , and challenges Israel 's democratic values and rule of law .
Even if Israel was acting in self - defense , although many would dispute this , that right does not grant permission to commit war crimes .
And yes , the report challenges Israel 's commitment to the rule of law : it does not seem to have a commitment when it comes to Palestinians .
Despite these protestations , as Shakespeare wrote , " Truth will come to light ; murder cannot be hid long ... but at the length truth will out . "
Well it has , but truth still needs a push - - a push into action .
That is why I am going to Gaza with the Code Pink Freedom March : because truth needs a push .
It 's straightforward .
I want to break the blockade .
I want to see for myself the damage caused the weapons bought with my tax dollars .
I want it understood that Israel does not kill in my name .
I want to follow words with actions .
First published at JustLeft.org .
Advertisement
One of the most - needed missing features in the Google Wave preview rolls out this week : user access permissions .
Now , rather than everyone being able to edit everyone else 's blips in a total free - for - all , the creator of a wave can add users and groups and give them either full access to edit everything , or read - only access .
The binary choice is still too limiting , but GOOG says that " Reply only " access is on its way .
Advertisement
To limit a contact 's access to a blip you created , click on their icon on the top of the wave and choose " Read only " from the drop - down , as shown .
You can give both individual users and groups read - only access ; though individual access permissions trump that of the groups .
( For example , if the public group has read - only access , you can grant a single user full access to edit , even though that person 's part of the group . )
You can only set permissions for waves you have created .
Along with this first iteration of access permissions , the Wave team also added a " Restore " button to Wave 's playback feature .
If a wave gets destroyed beyond easy repair , you can use playback to roll it back to a former version of itself .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Even though this means quite a bit of revision to the book , it 's great to see Wave evolving into something much more usable .
I 've also updated the Wave vs. the Rest chart to reflect this new feature .
New features : Read -only and Restore [ Google Wave Blog via Smarterware ]
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
For more , check out Gina 's weekly Smarterware feature here on Lifehacker .
ALEXANDRIA , Egypt ( Reuters ) - Egyptian archaeologists pulled a red granite ruin from the seabed near Cleopatra ’s sunken palace this week that experts said showed the influence of pharaonic design well into Greek and Roman rule .
Workers direct the retrieval of an ancient Egyptian granite tower that was found in the Mediterranean Sea , at Alexandria 's eastern harbour December 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Asmaa Waguih
Dating to 30 BC , near the end of the Hellenistic era , the 9 - tonne , 2.25 - meter long block was once part of a temple dedicated to Isis , an Egyptian goddess who was later adopted by the Greeks and Romans .
The block ’s pharaonic style indicated the influence of pharaonic architecture at the end of Cleopatra ’s rule and on the cusp of Roman supremacy , said Hary Tazlaz , head of the Greek mission that discovered the ruins in 1998 .
“ The pylon is a typically Egyptian piece of architecture , ” Tazlaz told Reuters .
“ The architecture of Alexandria in Hellenistic times was not a totally Greek architecture .
It was a Greek dynasty but used pharaonic architecture . ”
That the ruin was part of a temple used during Cleopatra ’s reign indicated that pharaonic culture continued through the last moments of Greek rule and even into Roman times , he said .
CLEOPATRA’S LEGACY
Egyptian Culture Minister Farouk Hosni and chief archaeologist Zahi Hawass looked on as divers guided a crane underwater and hoisted the granite ruin onshore on Thursday .
The block was originally discovered 8 meters below the water to the east of Cape Lochias , the royal district of the sunken city .
Tazlaz said the temple of Isis itself “ was very near touching the mausoleum of Cleopatra . ”
The queen ’s actual burial place remains a mystery .
Excavators initially focused on a burial site submerged under Alexandria ’s sea in an 8th century earthquake , but now have evidence that priests carried her body to an inland temple where it could lie with her lover Marc Antony .
Divers dragged the ruin for days across the sea floor to reach Alexandria ’s eastern harbor , where it was brought onshore .
“ This is a very important piece , ” Hawass said .
“ It belongs to the history of Alexandria and reminds us of the history of Cleopatra . ”
The block will be the centerpiece of a newly reconstructed Maritime Museum in Alexandria dedicated to the sunken city .
Ruins of cities , palaces and ships from pharaonic and Greco - Roman times lie preserved beneath Alexandria ’s shores , one of the richest excavation sites in the Mediterranean .
Hawass said that his team is still searching for the burial place of Cleopatra , which he believes lies inland some 50 kilometers west of the Mediterranean port city .
In May , Hawass and Tazlaz plan to extract a 15 - tonne , 7 - meter tall door believed to be that of Cleopatra ’s mausoleum .
Cleopatra , facing possible captivity in Rome , killed herself allegedly by the sting of an asp .
Antony is also thought to have taken his own life after his defeat to Octavian at Actium .
You idiot .
Where did you buy those cables ?
Walmart ?
You probably think you 're getting the whole 1080 p , do n't you !
Boy , you could n't be more wrong .
What the big box does n't want you to know , with their cheap - ass $ 150 cables is that there are , um , waves and some , uh ... electromagnetic spectrats .
And they eat your pixels !
Yeah , that 's right !
Pixel - eating EM spectrats !
Not even making this stuff up .
How much did you spend on that TV ?
$ 1,000 ?
You did buy that $ 1,800 power cable from Furutech , right ?
Well , do n't you think you should spend at least that much on the all - important cables that are going to funnel the dynamic 1080 p transmissions from your Blu-ray player to your TV ?
Here , try this Platinum Starlight HDMI cable from Wireworld .
It has a patent - pending DNA Helix conductor design formed by the gods themselves out of 24 solid silver conductors .
Hell , $ 1,000 is probably a bargain for one of these one meter cables .
Your eyes are worth it , after all .
You 're welcome .
“ I feel it ’s incumbent on every school board member to care about the education of the kids  that ’s why we ’re there , ” said Mimi Calhoun , who first came on the school board when the Orthodox members took control six years ago .
“ We do n’t talk about it .
We talk about money , about bids , budgets , contracts .
We do n’t talk about education .
It ’s shocking , and it ’s becoming demoralizing for the district . ”
WHAT set things off was a vote to hire a Long Island lawyer , Albert D’Agostino .
His main appeal to the board was that he represents the Lawrence School District on Long Island , which also is controlled by Orthodox Jews , and has been enterprising in finding lawful ways to provide special education services at shared expense to private school students .
It is a complicated issue involving cost , services and guidelines about providing services in the least restrictive environment that the board majority says can be handled more effectively and less expensively in Ramapo .
It might have been a tough sell even if Mr. D’Agostino ’s fees and expenses were not four times what the current lawyers get paid when the board is desperately pruning costs everywhere else and if he had not been part of an investigation by the state attorney general ’s office questioning the legality of public pensions being awarded to him and other lawyers .
Mr. Wieder and Mr. Rothschild , who is not Hasidic and tends to be a moderator between the two sides , say it is inaccurate and unfair to insinuate that the board cares about issues other than education .
They point out that the board has expanded full - day kindergarten and opened a new early education center .
They say that a well - run district means more resources , not less , for education .
Still , it ’s painful to watch , whether it ’s Mr. Wieder referring to improving “ the services we are required to provide for the unfortunate special - needs children ” or much of the audience hooting when he concluded with “ God bless America . ”
You can say it ’s a lot more benign than other culture clashes around the world , and it probably is .
But at the very least , you could draw the conclusion that if you want to make decisions for children and communities with which you have little in common , you better listen well , reach out far and do everything in as transparent a way as possible .
Few people seem to think that ’s the way things have worked in East Ramapo .
Because the Hadley Center has released the final temperatures in Central England for 2009 , I decided to calculate a few things .
Although I have also played with the monthly data , this text will be purely about the 1659 - 2009 annual data .
It 's 351 years in total .
A related link :
The counterpart of this article for the world 's second oldest weather station appears in the article Czech ClimateGate : Prague 's Klementinum censored
The average of the 351 numbers is 9.217 °C .
The Pythagorean average of the deviation of the annual data from this average is 0.659 °C .
The global warming advocates like to emphasize the warming trend in the last 30 years .
How does the warming trend in the last 30 years - and in all other 30 - year periods since 1659 - look like in Central England ?
Click to zoom in : the y - axis is the warming trend in °C per century , the x-axis is time from 1659 - 1688 to 1980 - 2009 .
In the late 17th and early 18th century , there was clearly a much longer period when the 30 - year trends were higher than the recent ones .
There is nothing exceptional about the recent era .
Because I do n't want to waste time with the creation of confusing descriptions of the x-axis , let me list the ten 30 - year intervals with the fastest warming trends : 1691 - 1720 , 5.039 °C/century1978 - 2007 , 5.038 °C/century1977 - 2006 , 4.95 °C/century1690 - 1719 , 4.754 °C/century1979 - 2008 , 4.705 °C/century1688 - 1717 , 4.7 °C/century1692 - 1721 , 4.642 °C/century1694 - 1723 , 4.524 °C/century1689 - 1718 , 4.446 °C/century1687 - 1716 , 4.333 °C/ century
You see , the early 18th century actually wins : even when you calculate the trends over the " sufficient " 30 years , the trend was faster than it is in the most recent 30 years .
By the way , the most recent 1980 - 2009 tri-decade did n't get to the top 10 results at all ; if you care , it was at the 13th place .
;-)
You can also see that the local trends are substantially faster than the global trends : that 's because the global variations are reduced by the averaging over the globe .
For the sake of completeness , these were the most intense 30 - year cooling trends : 1727 - 1756 , -3.962 °C/century1863 - 1892 , -3.956 °C/century1729 - 1758 , -3.723 °C/century1728 - 1757 , -3.719 °C/century1726 - 1755 , -3.649 °C/century 1862 - 1891 , - 3.413 °C/century1666 - 1695 , -3.315 °C/century1730 - 1759 , -3.203 °C/century 1861 - 1890 , - 3.021 °C/century1865 - 1894 , - 2.952 °C / century
An obvious question is what happens if you consider 10 - year , 15 - year , or 50 - year trends .
With my Mathematica code , it 's easy to find : you just change one number . ;-)
As you may expect , if you use the 10 - year or 15 - year trends , the current era wo n't get anywhere close to the winners .
For example , these are the 10 - year trends : There is nothing special whatsoever in the recent epoch .
I wo n't even try to show you the list of winners because the recent decades would obviously be somewhere in the middle .
The fastest warming trend extracted from 1 decade is by +18.6 °C per century in 1694 - 1703 ; the fastest cooling trend was by - 23.9 °C per century in 1733 - 1742 .
Yes , these are huge numbers and they 're true .
The superfast cooling is related to the excessively low temperatures recorded in England sometime in the early 1740s .
Most people do n't understand the " random walk " character of the temperatures : the shorter periods you consider , the faster trends you obtain : the trends approximately scale like 1 / sqrt ( time ) - and in this case , the records were scaling even faster than that , as 1 / time .
Of course , none of these trends can be extrapolated to a century .
At the beginning , I chose the 30 - year trend because it really had the highest chance to produce a recent " man-made " signal .
It did n't .
It 's much more hopeless if you consider e.g. the 50 - year warming trends : Again , the recent era on the right side of the picture has no chance to compete with the late 17th and early 18th century : the 1960 - 2009 period with the +2.65 °C per century ends up outside the top ten .
The winner is 1688 - 1737 with the trend +3.83 °C per century .
The fastest cooling was in 1722 - 1771 , by - 1.69 °C per century .
These 50 - year trends can't quite be extrapolated to a century , either .
But they 're much closer to that than the 10 - year or 15 - year trends .
Finally , our generation teamed up with our parents , grandparents , and great grandparents can marginally win if we consider 100 - year intervals :
But the warming trend in 1909 - 2008 ( the fastest " modern " 100 - year trend ) was +0.87 °C per century .
The warming trend in 1663 - 1762 was +0.86 °C per century which is not excessively different . ;-)
The fastest cooling , 1718 - 1817 , was by - 0.59 °C per century .
Note that there are no quotas : the positive and negative trends do n't have to agree .
In most cases , the maximum warming trends were faster than the fastest cooling trends .
In some cases , namely the 10 - year intervals , it was the other way around .
Nothing should shock you here .
They 're pretty much random numbers .
The Central England data show nothing unusual about the evolution of current temperatures .
And because there is really nothing special about Central England , it 's reasonable to expect that no place in the world is experiencing anything unusual in the modern era , in comparison with other epochs since 1659 .
And that 's the memo .
P.S. A trivial Mathematica notebook is here : NB , PDF preview .
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE Small Business ) --
Business schools such as Babson ( see cover story ) and Stanford have long offered many excellent entrepreneurship programs .
Here 's a sampling of 10 cutting - edge programs for budding entrepreneurs .
DePaul University , Chicago
At DePaul 's Ryan Center for Creativity , entrepreneurship students , local business leaders , and alums learn better ways to brainstorm new business concepts in sessions led by experts on creative thinking .
Florida International University , Miami
Claiming the largest minority enrollment of any institution in the U.S. , FIU has brought diversity to the world of student startups .
Courses on international trade emphasize starting ventures that aim to trade with South and Central America and the Caribbean .
Harvard University , Cambridge , Mass .
Harvard has 17 endowed chairs in entrepreneurship .
All 900 MBA students are required to take an entrepreneurship course in their first semester .
To teach new - venture development , Harvard uses its classic case - study format -- with a twist : CEOs of the companies under discussion are invited to participate .
Recent visitors : David Neeleman , CEO of JetBlue , and fashion designer Kate Spade .
Howard University , Washington , D.C .
All incoming students must participate in Entrepreneur 's Boot Camp during orientation .
In the eight - hour course they study , among other things , financial self - discipline and the history of black enterprise in the U.S. A $ 3.5 million grant helped establish a new minor in entrepreneurship this year .
Simmons College , Boston
The only women 's business school in the U.S. , Simmons last year instituted a six - month entrepreneurship program tailored specifically to women .
Candidates must have an MBA ; most have a decade of work experience .
Sitting Bull College , Fort Yates , N.D .
One of the first tribal colleges in the U.S. when it was founded in 1973 , Sitting Bull has launched a pioneering program to teach entrepreneurship to Native Americans .
A key goal : to create jobs on the Standing Rock Reservation ( pop. 12,000 ) , where unemployment is at 76 percent .
Educators seek to emulate the economically and culturally independent Amish .
University of Arizona , Tucson
Started in 1984 , the university 's entrepreneurship program is one of the oldest and most competitive in the U.S. Only 100 graduate and undergraduate students are accepted each year .
To sharpen the focus on high - growth sectors such as biotech , the program has recruited new faculty .
University of Colorado , Boulder
A leader in " green " entrepreneurship , this program specializes in helping students create companies that are eco-friendly and socially progressive .
Leaders of Boulder 's organic and natural - products industry offer support .
University of Texas , Austin
To speed the creation of new startups , UT offers students office space , technology , and access to advisors at its business incubator .
Of the 62 companies that have been launched to date , four are listed on Nasdaq .
In 1999 , Motorola paid approximately $ 98 million to acquire one of them , Metrowerks , a creator of hardware and software .
The university also hosts Moot Corp. , a prestigious international business - plan competition offering the largest prize -- $ 183,500 -- of any such contest .
University of Rochester , Rochester , N.Y .
The university has embedded entrepreneurship courses in virtually every department on campus -- including computer science , engineering , religion , and music .
Engineering students are working with those in anthropology to design a nonpolluting bus for the city of Rochester .
More from FORTUNE Small Business 's cover package :
- Do you need school to succeed ?
Click here to find out .
- Are kids too young to learn balance sheets ?
- Gates :
What I wish I 'd learned in school
More on top schools :
10 most expensive colleges
Ultimate college guide
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
