London , England ( CNN ) --
For Saudi Arabia 's lone female cartoonist drawing is more than just satire , it 's " a duty . "
" I think men have put women in an unfavorable position in this part of the world .
They 've put women in an oppressive situation , " said Hana Hajjar , who works for the English - language newspaper Arab News .
" I feel it is my duty towards women to speak out on their behalf , because I have the tools and venue to do so , " she told CNN .
Hajjar 's drawings both challenge gender roles and critique political policy , often depicting inequality between the sexes and support for the Palestinian people , but she is careful not to push too far .
" I like to draw thought - provoking and argument - provoking caricatures .
I like to see how much I can push people to think , but am mindful never to cross societal red lines , " she said .
For a woman in the conservative kingdom of Saudi Arabia to be dealing with such issues represents a significant break in cultural convention .
" The general attitude in Saudi about caricaturists is that women do n't have the stamina and inspiration to last long in this field , unlike their male counterparts , " Hajjar explained , adding that luckily her parents had always been supportive of her career .
" Caricature is regarded as a man 's profession , which has discouraged women in the past from entering the field but I hope my presence is a dent in that armor and will open up the path for others . "
Over the past five years , Saudi society has made some modest progress toward greater gender equality .
There are now a handful of prominent women sitting in the Chamber of Commerce , working in the media and there is even a woman in government , the Deputy Minister of Education .
Hajjar has one female colleague at the newspaper where she works .
Nonetheless social change is slow and resistance is strong .
The opening of an elite new university in September caused uproar for offering mixed - gender classes and allowing women to drive on the campus .
Hajjar herself said she has never felt repercussions from the government or society in the five years she has been working professionally , but noted that since she works in an English - language newspaper she feels she is less subjected to censorship .
" People who read the newspaper I work for are either foreigners or come from the upper middle class in Saudi , and so I have n't gotten much negative reaction . "
When a cartoon is rejected Hajjar typically publishes it on her personal Web site anyway : HanaHajjar.com
The youngest of nine children , Hajjar grew up constantly caricaturing everything around her .
She drew her first political cartoon at the age of 12 and since then has received the support of her parents and siblings .
" My father was very interested in reading .
He wrote satirical articles [ though never published ] and he constantly encouraged me to read the newspapers and always be up - to - date . "
Hajjar first realized she could turn her talent into an actual career when she submitted her drawings to a competition organized by the Medina municipality .
Although she did n't win because her submission was late , her school honored her for her outstanding work .
After winning a caricature competition years later , " Arab News " offered her the job she currently has .
Today Hajjar hopes that more Arab women will take up caricaturing .
She has taught classes to others , but so far none have persevered .
" When I get feedback from women readers that tell me my caricatures express exactly what they are thinking I feel immense satisfaction .
It means I am doing my job properly , expressing things others can't . "
" I adore what I do and do n't think of it as just a job .
It is what I breathe , it is intrinsic to my being . "
Originally Posted by Oswiu Originally Posted by
As I said in the PM , this is mostly an Albanian problem .
Somalis a close second .
Law enforcement is crippled by ' human rights ' legislation and PC attitudes towards immigration and profiling ...
Organisations like La Strada and the Angel Coalition may have some material on this .
I forgot to say in the PM :
The UN organisations like the IOM and , I 'm sad to say , UNICEF may have figures too .
No hiding place ( Image : S. Silvestri et al. )
Scanning the skies ( Image : Skytem )
MOVE over Erin Brockovich .
Today ’s environmental detectives can use radar , helicopters and even satellite images to help them spot illegal toxic waste dumps and help catch those responsible .
Ironically , the tightening of restrictions on waste disposal and the enforcement of new recycling laws have made illegal dumping more likely , turning it into big business for the criminals involved .
The trouble is digging up suspect dumps to investigate their contents can release toxins into local water supplies .
But with new remote - sensing techniques , such as ground - penetrating radar ( GPR ) , you …
Submitted by cpowell on Sat , 2009 - 11 - 14 16:11 .
Remarks by Dimitri Speck
International Precious Metals and Commodities Show
Olympia Park , Munich , Germany
Saturday , November 7 , 2009
Since August 5 , 1993 , there has been systematic intervention in the gold market by American financial institutes with the objective of preventing an increase in the price of gold or at least of mitigating its rise .
The intervention is supposed to support the bond market and the dollar as well as ease inflation expectations and the mood of crisis as the case may be .
So far these activities have not been officially confirmed , but there is ample evidence of their occurrence .
There is only one crucial statement known thus far by then - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan where he comes out in favour of influencing the gold price .
It has to do with a comment Greenspan made before a Senate committee on July 30 , 1998 , which has become famous among Fed observers :
" Nor can private counterparties restrict supplies of gold , another commodity whose derivatives are often traded over - the - counter , where central banks stand ready to lease gold in increasing quantities should the price rise . "
What is notable about this comment is that he refers to the leasing of gold as an instrument for influencing price .
Admittedly Greenspan made the comment in a different context ( discussions about regulation ) ; the discussion was not about the framework in which intervention should actually take place .
But there is a second and until now overlooked Greenspan comment on gold price intervention .
It came during the Federal Open Market Committee meeting of May 18 , 1993 , only about two months before systematic pressuring of the gold price actually began .
His statements during that meeting clearly reveal the motives that led to the decision a short time later to intervene in the gold market , because this time the context of Greenspan 's comment corresponds .
In addition the comment clearly shows that Greenspan wants to prevent an increase in the price of gold .
For this purpose he unmistakably considers direct intervention .
FOMC meetings are recorded and the transcripts made public after five years .
Greenspan 's newly discovered comment is contained in one of these very transcripts , on Page 40 of the transcript here ( Page 42 of the PDF version ) :
http://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/files/FOMC19930518meeting.p...
Apparently Greenspan spoke informally with his colleague , Fed Governor Mullins , during the course of the meeting , and reported this conversation to his other colleagues .
Greenspan mentions the Treasury Department , since in the United States only the treasury and not the Federal Reserve can dispose over gold .
The market price of gold was increasing at the time .
In his unique , somewhat verbose style , Greenspan said :
" I have one other issue I 'd like to throw on the table .
I hesitate to do it , but let me tell you some of the issues that are involved here .
If we are dealing with psychology , then the thermometers one uses to measure it have an effect .
I was raising the question on the side with Governor Mullins of what would happen if the Treasury sold a little gold in this market .
There 's an interesting question here because if the gold price broke in that context , the thermometer would not be just a measuring tool .
It would basically affect the underlying psychology . "
Here Greenspan himself considers direct intervention in the gold market , and it is clearly about gold sales for the purpose of influencing price .
It is not about sales for other purposes ( such as managing the reserves ) , which are announced publicly as reasons for gold sales by the Federal Reserve .
Greenspan refers to gold as a " thermometer . "
He wants to influence its signal effect .
If otherwise " thermometer " readings are too high and the gold price were to suddenly rise in this environment , it would fundamentally affect market psychology .
This quote from Greenspan and the context in which it was made show the main motive for the gold market intervention that began two months later .
It had to do with quelling the signal that would indicate inflation might increase .
Against the backdrop of a weak economic environment , the Fed was faced with the threat of a continued increase in the inflation rate .
An interest rate increase would have weakened the economy further .
Central bankers were not clear about the reasons behind the general increase in prices ; popular explanations such as a wage - price spiral were rejected on factual grounds .
For this reason they suspected inflation expectations as the driving force behind currency depreciation .
The increasing price of gold threatened to magnify those expectations .
Intervention in the gold market was begun so that the " thermometer " would show lower values -- and no fever .
-----
Dimitri Speck is a mathematician , chief financial engineer for the Staedel Hanseatic investment house in Riga , Latvia , proprietor of the Internet site www.seasonal-charts.com, and a consultant to GATA who has often documented manipulation of the gold market .
* * *
Join GATA here :
Vancouver Resource Investment Conference
Sunday and Monday , January 17 and 18 , 2010
Hyatt and Fairmont Conference Hotels
Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
http://www.cambridgeconferences.com/index.php/vancouver-resource-investm...
* * *
Support GATA by purchasing a colorful GATA T - shirt :
http://gata.org/tshirts
Or a colorful poster of GATA 's full - page ad in The Wall Street Journal on January 31 , 2009 :
http://www.cartserver.com/sc/cart.cgi
Or a video disc of GATA 's 2005 Gold Rush 21 conference in the Yukon :
http://www.goldrush21.com/
* * *
Help keep GATA going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at :
http://www.gata.org
To contribute to GATA , please visit :
http://www.gata.org/node/16
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iran 's president has accused Pakistani agents of involvement in a suicide bombing in south - east of the country targeting a group of the elite Revolutionary Guards force .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called on Pakistan to arrest the attackers , who he said had entered Iran from Pakistan .
Forty - two people died in the attack in Sistan - Baluchistan , including six Revolutionary Guards commanders .
Iran has previously accused the US and UK of contributing to the attack .
In his first comments on the bombing , Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khameini also blamed the United States .
" This terrorists crime revealed the evil face of enemies of security and unity who are supported by intelligence organisations of some arrogant governments , " he said , using a phrase that usually refers to the US and its allies .
Pakistani officials condemned the attack , which has been blamed on the Sunni resistance group , Jundullah .
The Pakistani foreign ministry spokesman , Abdul Basit , dismissed Iranian claims that Jundullah 's leader was in Pakistan .
' Crushing ' response According to state media , one or more suicide bombers targeted the group of Revolutionary Guards leaders who had arranged to meet tribal leaders in the Pishin district close to the Pakistani border .
ANALYSIS Jon Leyne , BBC Tehran correspondent
Jundallah , or Army of God , has been involved in a long - running insurgency in Sistan - Baluchistan .
Some experts believe they may have ties with the Taliban or al - Qaeda , operating in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
That is disputed , and another possibility is that Jundallah maintains more informal links with ethnic Baluchis in the neighbouring countries .
Jundallah is also believed to have ties with drugs smugglers , who race across the border in heavily armed convoys , taking drugs on the lucrative smuggling route from Afghanistan through to Western Europe .
Reports said a suicide bomber detonated a belt packed with explosives as the meeting was about to start .
The deputy commander of the Guards ' ground force , General Noor Ali Shooshtari , and the Guards ' chief provincial commander , Rajab Ali Mohammadzadeh , were among at least six officers reported to have been killed .
Dozens of people were injured .
A top Guards officer has also vowed to deliver a " crushing " response to those behind the attack , according to Agence - France Presse .
Mr Ahmadinejad pointed towards Pakistan .
" We were informed that some security agents in Pakistan are co-operating with the main elements of this terrorist incident , " he was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency .
" We regard it as our right to demand these criminals from them , " he said , without elaborating .
" We ask the Pakistani government not to delay any longer in the apprehension of the main elements in this terrorist attack . "
Iran 's Revolutionary Guard have been hit in the country 's south - east before Iranian authorities summoned a senior Pakistani diplomat in Tehran , claiming that the assailants had arrived in Iran from Pakistan , Iranian state media reported .
The Iranian foreign ministry also " protested against the use of Pakistani territory by the terrorists and rebels against the Islamic Republic of Iran " , the Isna news agency reported .
Earlier , Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani said " US action " contributed to the attack .
The US dismissed the accusation .
Banditry and kidnapping Sistan - Baluchistan is mainly made up of the Baluchi ethnic group , who belong to the Sunni Muslim minority of Shia- ruled Iran .
SISTAN - BALUCHISTAN ATTACKS
May 2009
A bomb explodes at a mosque in the provincial capital Zahedan , killing 19 and injuring 60 .
February 2007 Suspected militants killed 11 , including Iranian Revolutionary Guards , in a bomb attack in the provincial capital Zahedan .
March 2006
Gunmen posing as police kill 22 people , many government employees , after closing the Zabol - Zahedan road .
Jundallah has previously been accused by Iran of terrorist activities in the province .
The province borders both Pakistan and Afghanistan , and has long been affected by smuggling , drug trafficking , banditry and kidnapping .
Jundallah , also known as the Popular Resistance Movement of Iran , says it is fighting against the political and religious oppression of the country 's minority Sunni Muslims .
Local media cited officials as saying Jundallah had accepted responsibility for Sunday 's bombing , though there was no direct claim from the group .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
cartoons are my catharsis .
if you spam me i will find you and kill you , by the way .
" INSIGHTS "
A Conscious E- Zine
HUMAN POPULATION GROWTH AND THE ACCELERATING RATE OF SPECIES EXTINCTION
By Gary W. Harding , Research Scientist
I n recent years , some prominent economists have argued that there is no upper limit to human population growth , that finiteness in resources is meaningless , and that prosperity can be had by all .
Biologists have predicted for decades that a population crash is inevitable a few generations after the ecosystem 's carrying capacity for humans is exceeded ( 1 ) .
Some believe that we may have already exceeded it .
Although this carrying capacity is unknown , it is undeniable that non-renewable resources will eventually be used up ; that renewable resources have been and will continue to be plundered until they no longer exist ; that pollution will take its toll ; and that population growth cannot reach a state where there is a mass of humans expanding out from Earth at the speed of light .
Economists verses Biologists
Economists point to past dire predictions from the biologists that did n't come true to justify their position .
Eventually , they say , " market forces " will determine how big the population gets .
We have run out of resources in the past and have always found something else to replace them .
However , economists ignore the quality of life issue ; biologists usually discuss this topic in terms of significant diminution .
We live in a complex world , both economically and biologically ; too complex to comprehend with our current knowledge .
Neither economists nor biologists understand it .
Thus , both the economist 's belief in perpetual growth and the biologist 's predictions of doom lack credibility .
We Live in a World Determined by Human Need
Having appeared on the scene , homo sapiens is as much a part of the natural processes of nature as any other animal .
Compared to most , the species has been remarkably successful .
Recent economic systems have played a significant roll in this success .
At the same time , unanticipated interactions among the members of the ever increasing human population make economic predictions unreliable .
However , without getting embroiled in controversy about details , there are some general economic principles that we do understand .
Economics is Driven by Short - Term Self Interest
Humans are torn between self interests and group interests .
If we define the ultimate group interests as those of society as a whole , then there is clearly a conflict between the two .
The focus of this conflict rests with the pursuit of short - term personal gain , which is opposed by the requirement for long - term group survival .
The net balance between these two factors determines the nature of economic ( and political ) systems .
Current economic systems provide a basis for many more humans to live than could possibly be supported in a subsistence way of life .
That is , current population levels depend upon non-renewable , as well as renewable , resources for their existence .
However , these systems also provide an opportunity for a few individuals to pursue self interest at the expense of the many .
To avoid anarchy and subsequent collapse , society lays down both personal and economic rules for acceptable conduct .
Over time , these rules change as the acquisition of wealth and power by the few feeds upon itself .
The many pay the price not only economically and socially , but environmentally as well .
We all understand the concept behind the laws of supply and demand .
Most have failed to notice , however , that recent economic innovations have repealed these laws .
Supply , demand and price can be economically manipulated in the short term , with no concern about the long term consequences ( e.g. chromium ) .
Increased demand can be artificially created by economic forces which appeal to the population 's short - term interests ( e.g. advertising ) .
Resources which are in fact scarce , particularly considering long - term need , can be made to appear abundant ( e.g. oil ) , at least in the short term .
The " short " in short - term is getting shorter .
Among the population , instant gratification is the rule of the day .
Easy credit has played a significant role in the dominance of this attitude in some societies .
Thus , " buy now - pay later " has contributed to a substantial decline in societal group interests .
The result has been a proliferation of subgroups , each competing with the others to satisfy its own self interests .
As the number of these subgroups increases even more rapidly than the population , the societal group becomes paralyzed as it attempts to solve its problems .
We Live in a Biological World
It is true that humans are animals and therefore , subject to the laws of nature like any other animal .
These laws involve intertwining of uncountable closed - loop feedback systems .
If we mess with one , unexpected feedback consequences pop up in others .
Without getting embroiled in controversy about details , however , there are some general biological principles that we do understand .
Mass Extinction and Evolution
Mass extinctions , in which from 40 % to 95 % of all plant and animal species died out , have occurred several times in the distant past .
One occurred about 225 million years ago which ushered in the age of reptiles .
Another , about 65 million years ago , spelled the end of reptile dominance and led to the age of mammals .
The cause of these past events is hotly debated , but the proposed explanations all have geologic ( volcanoes ) , cosmic ( asteroids ) , climatic ( hot verses cold ) , and pathogenic ( diseases ) bases .
Following each mass extinction , there was a rapid radiation of new species .
Once in existence , most species remained relatively unchanged for millions of years until they , in turn , scummed to extinction .
Other species were molded , in a Darwinian sense , by adaptation to minor fluctuations in the ecosystem .
Some animals , like the horse , also got much bigger .
Extinction does not require that every member of a species disappear within a short period of time .
All that is needed is a decline to a level where population maintenance is no longer viable .
Such a species may hang on for thousands of years on the road to extinction .
What is different about the current rash of extinctions is that its cause is the massive and widespread impact on the ecosystem of a single animal .
The generation of new species requires enough time for adaptation to take place .
The rate of ecosystem change is now so rapid that the species which might otherwise have survived a mass extinction may not be able to adapt to the new world .
In nature , the rule for survival of species ( in warm climates ) has always been " small is good - big is bad " .
The opposite holds true only in very cold environments , where larger animals fare better .
Small animals are the ones that survive mass extinctions ; big ones generally do not .
There were never very many of the largest animals that ever lived ( some dinosaurs , elephants , rhinoceroses and whales ) and those who made a living as predators were indeed rare .
At various times in the past , vast herds of large herbivores roamed the savannas of Africa and the plains of North America .
However , 80 million wildebeest and 60 million bison do n't even come close to the vast number of humans .
Human Population
An astonishing fact was reported in the news recently .
" With the possible exception of the rat , humans are now the most numerous mammal on earth " !
Few have recognized the significance of this statement .
Something like this has never happened in the nearly 600 million year history of life on our planet .
The population of a large animal has never before reached such dominance in the ecosystem .
How did human population manage to grow so large in spite of the natural forces against large animals that should have prevented it ?
One can point to the development of his large brain and erect posture which freed his hands .
But , there is more to it than that .
At the end of a severe ice age , about 65,000 years ago , it has been argued that there were only about 10,000 individuals who managed to make it through the tough times .
By 50,000 years ago , as a result of good climates and fortuitous migrations , the survivors had precipitated population mini-explosions all around the planet ( 2 ) .
Population Growth Surges
Many of us have seen graphs of human population growth with its enormous acceleration in the last 200 years .
However , if one plots human population on a log - log scale , it is apparent that this population growth occurred in three surges ( 3 ) .
The first coincided with the use of tools , fire and the cultural revolution that homo sapiens brought through the ice ages .
The second occurred with the agricultural revolution about 10,000 years ago .
The last matches the rise of the industrial ( and medical ) revolution a mere 200 years ago .
It is the latter which has produced the enormous spurt we have recently experienced .
The most significant aspect of this graph is that the time between surges has shortened dramatically .
If past behavior is the best predictor of future behavior , we are soon due for another surge .
The relation between innovation and population growth is embedded in the log - log population graph .
There was rapid growth at the start of each surge .
Then , growth rate slowed as people adapted to the precipitating innovations .
Each surge increased the population more than 10 fold .
We may be nearing the end of the present surge ; growth rates are starting to decline .
After the initial spurt , subsequent innovations did not maintained the growth rate .
The only significant innovations were those that produced the next surge .
Surge subsequent innovations may have played a role in the decline of population growth rate as the surge came to a close .
If those innovations enhanced overall standards of living and longevity for some , average family size may have gone down .
An example would be the demographic transition during the present surge as some countries have industrialized and applied medical technology .
However , most innovations have not reach a majority of the population .
If they had , they might have been significant enough to precipitate another surge .
The activities of 5.6 billion humans , with many more to come , portend ominous consequences for the future of life as we know it .
Already , there has been a significant increase in green - house gases , particularly carbon dioxide associated with fossil fuel burning .
The predicted impacts of global warming upon climate , if true , are very disturbing .
If the ozone layer is really being depleted ( recent measurements do not reflect a natural fluctuation ) , the detrimental impact of increased ultraviolet light on plants and animals could be devastating .
Potable water is hard to come by and getting harder .
Plants and animals are becoming extinct at an alarming rate .
It is this last item that may forebode the worst consequences for humans .
Frogs are Dying
All around the Earth , populations of most species of frogs and toads are declining .
Not only are the adults dying , but a majority of their eggs are not hatching and most of the few hatched polliwogs are dying as well .
A number of species of frogs and toads have already become extinct ; more than would be expected at previous rates of species loss over the past few centuries .
Meanwhile , a very few species of frogs and toads are thriving .
Scientists are scrambling to find the reasons why .
WHO CARES !! , you say .
We all should !
This is why .
The frog is the " miner 's canary " for our environment .
Frogs and toads have passed through numerous mass extinctions for nearly 300 million years .
What has made them such robust survivors is their remarkable skin .
It is permeable to water and air borne substances such as oxygen .
Frog skin is a complex chemical factory as well .
It produces a protective coating to prevent desiccation .
The skin of several species of frogs and toads produces potent antibiotics and predator repelling toxins .
Frog skin is vulnerable to ultraviolet light .
Frogs may , therefore , be the first casualty of ozone - layer depletion .
Because its skin is so permeable , the frog is also sensitive to air , water , and soil pollutants .
Dying frogs may indicate that the worldwide concentration of pollutants has reached a lethal level for them .
If frogs go , can we be far behind ?
Can the Merry - Go- Round Go Round and Round
What will be the basis for another human population growth surge ?
One can think of several possibilities including : a global economy , an information revolution , and an energy revolution .
Whatever it is , it must have a major impact upon survival and reproductive success .
A significant element in past surges has been innovations in energy use ( fire , beasts of burden , fossil fuels ) .
Thus , the development of an abundant and inexpensive energy source would have a profound effect .
On the other hand , could the ecosystem survive such a development and the consequential surge in the number of humans ?
Mother Nature May Have a Nasty Surprise in Store for Us
Biologists have long argued that the human population would eventually have to decline , due to significant increases in the death rate .
In addition to mass starvation , they predicted that a lethal pathogen could evolve and be spread around the world in a matter of hours through our transportation system .
What they had in mind was something like a killer - flu .
What occurred was even worse than they could possibly have imagined - a virus which is close to 100 % fatal , takes ten years to kill it 's victims , and has that much time to be transmitted to new hosts in every corner of the Earth as well as evolve new forms .
An effective vaccine is 5 - 10 years away , if it can be produced at all .
Evidence is now accumulating that , among vertebrates , male fertility is declining .
This could be part of the reason for the loss of frogs .
Sperm counts have dropped to nearly zero in some populations of alligators and , in a few areas , as many as 20 % of human males are functionally sterile .
In alligators , a likely cause has been found and the same problem has been verified in humans .
It turns out that some of the chemicals released into the environment by humans are estrogen - like when ingested or absorbed into the body .
A small excess of estrogen in males , significantly reduces sperm counts and this is extremely difficult to counteract .
Consider the implications of this phenomenon .
At the very least , mother nature has provided a self - limiting mechanism for the human population by not only increasing the death rate , but also by ultimately decreasing the birth rate .
At the very worst , if nearly all human males become sterile due to self - generated environmental pollution , we could be on the road to extinction in short order .
After all , the ultimate cause of extinction for any species is : failure to reproduce .
Hopefully , the irony here will not escape us .
References
1 " The Population Question Revisited " , George Moffet , Wilson Quarterly , Vol. 28 , Summer 1994 , pgs. 54 -79 .
2 " Pleistocene Population Explosions " , Ann Gibbons , Science , Vol. 262 , 1 October 1963 , pgs. 27-28 .
3 " The Human Population " , Edward S. Deevey , Jr. , Scientific American , Vol. 203 , September 1960 , pgs. 195-204 .
Web site resource
©1995-2001 Earth Portals
The Anne Frank House Wednesday released the only existing film images of Frank , showing the young Jewish girl , whose famous diary detailed her family 's two torturous years spent in hiding from the Nazis , in a more carefree time as she watches a bride and groom from her apartment balcony in Amsterdam .
In the grainy black and white YouTube video , Frank is shown leaning over the balcony to watch an eager young newlywed couple as they walk past the sidewalk adjacent to the Amsterdam apartment Frank lived in before she and her family moved into the annex behind father Otto 's office to escape Hitler 's regime .
The July 22 , 1941 video is the first - ever released film image of Frank .
It was given to the Anne Frank House from the married couple , who lived on the same floor as the Franks .
Frank detailed the two years spent in the annex in her diary , one of the most - published books across the world .
The annex was accessible only through a movable bookcase in Otto Frank 's office .
Frank and her family , as well as the other family friends who hid in the annex , were captured on Aug. 1 , 1944 and sent to concentration camps .
Frank died just weeks before Allied forces liberated the Nazi camps .
She was 16 .
Since the bearded judge became a household name more than a decade ago while presiding over the O.J. Simpson murder trial , his placard has been stolen time and again .
He ’s tried replacing it , he ’s tried gluing it , but the darn thing just keeps disappearing .
Each courtroom is adorned with a name placard outside the door with the name of its presiding judge .
But on the ninth floor , Ito ’s placard holder stays woefully empty .
Despite being more famous than any other judge at the criminal courthouse in downtown Los Angeles , Lance Ito ’s courtroom is also the hardest to find .
A few years ago , Ito finally gave up .
Those looking for his courtroom now depend on the information officer in the lobby to guide them there .
Facilities staff keeps no record of requests for placard replacements – possibly because the problem is n’t very common for other judges .
But in an e-mail to a court spokesperson Ito confirmed the thefts .
The judge declined comment for this article , as he has with virtually every other interview request since the Simpson trial made him famous .
He was blasted in the media at the time for failing to keep control over the proceedings .
He was lampooned on late - night shows , most notably on " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , " which regularly featured a troupe of dancing Ito lookalikes .
The judge , whose signature beard has grayed in recent years , has kept a low - profile since .
But the thefts are a reminder that his role in one of the most followed trials in history wo n’t soon be forgotten .
No investigation into the thefts has been conducted , according to the courthouse ’s communications office , but the suspicion is the perpetrators are simply passers - by looking for a souvenir .
The placard – plastic , with a wood finish – would have very little value otherwise .
For now , there are no plans to issue another replacement .
So if you ’re looking for Ito ’s courtroom , take the elevator up to the ninth floor and turn right down the hall .
It ’ll be the one with no placard .
-- Robert Faturechi
Die Postbank gewährt Tausenden von freien Handelsvertretern detaillierten Einblick in Millionen Girokonten ihrer Kunden .
Damit will sie den Verkauf ihrer Produkte fördern .
Laut Datenschutzbehörde von Nordrhein - Westfalen ist das verboten .
Finanztest liegen auch zahlreiche Kontoauszüge von Prominenten vor .
[ Update 27.10.2009 ]
Nach eigenen Angaben will die Postbank ihren Finanzberatern den Zugriff auf die Kontodaten jetzt sperren .
Freie Mitarbeiter haben Zugang zur Datenbank Die Postbank lässt Tausende von freien Mitarbeitern auf die Girokontodaten ihrer Kunden zugreifen .
Dazu brauchen die Vertreter lediglich den Namen und das Geburtsdatum von Kunden in eine Unternehmensdatenbank einzugeben .
Dann können sie nicht nur sehen , wie viel Geld ein Kunde auf dem Konto hat – sie haben ebenso Einsicht in alle Kontobewegungen .
Auch wenn der Kontoinhaber der Weitergabe seiner Daten an die freien Mitarbeiter nicht zugestimmt hat , kann der Berater die Kontodaten lesen .
Keine Stellungnahme der Postbank Die Postbank sah sich nicht in der Lage , bis zum heutigen Montag um 10 Uhr eine Stellungnahme abzugeben .
Gefragt hatte Finanztest am Freitag gegen 14 Uhr .
[ Update ] : Auch bis Montagabend , 18:00 Uhr , lag Finanztest keine Stellungnahme der Postbank vor .
Dem Vernehmen nach haben andere Medien eine entsprechende Reaktion der Postbank erhalten .
Blick auf Girokonto hilft beim Verkaufen Die Daten sollen laut interner Postbankanweisung freien Mitarbeitern der 2006 gegründeten Postbank Finanzberatung AG bei ihrer Arbeit helfen .
Das Vertriebsunternehmen mit etwa 4 000 freien Handelsvertretern verkauft Produkte der Postbank und der BHW Bausparkasse .
Sobald ein höherer Geldbetrag auf einem Konto eingeht , können die Berater den Kunden anrufen , um Geldanlagen zu verkaufen .
Datenweitergabe ohne Zustimmung des Kunden Finanztest liegen Kontodaten und Briefwechsel zahlreicher Personen aus dieser Datenbank vor .
Darunter sind auch Prominente wie zum Beispiel Axel - Springer - Vorstand Mathias Döpfner , der frühere Präsident von Borussia Dortmund , Gerd Niebaum , oder der Vorstand der Stiftung Warentest , Werner Brinkmann .
Sie alle haben der Weitergabe ihrer Daten laut Dateneintrag nicht zugestimmt .
Die Kontodaten einzelner Chefs der Postbank - Gruppe sind hingegen nach Recherchen von Finanztest vor dem Blick der Berater extra geschützt .
Verstoß gegen Datenschutz Mit der Weitergabe dieser Daten an die Berater verstößt die Postbank gegen Datenschutzbestimmungen – und das ist ihr auch bewusst .
Aus Finanztest vorliegenden Arbeitsanweisungen des Postbankvertriebs geht hervor , dass die Mitarbeiter auch dann auf die Daten zugreifen können , wenn ein Kunde dem überhaupt nicht zugestimmt hat .
Die für die Postbank zuständige Datenschutzbehörde in Nordrhein - Westfalen hält es für unzulässig , dass freie Berater der Postbank die Girokonten der Kunden einsehen können .
Blick auf Kontobewegungen verboten Unzulässig ist die Datenweitergabe nach Ansicht der Behörde selbst dann , wenn Kunden die Einwilligungserklärung der Postbank zur Weitergabe von Daten unterschrieben haben .
Die Einwilligungserklärung umfasse nicht den Blick auf sämtliche Kontobewegungen .
Postbank - Vertrieb gibt Tipps zur unerlaubten Nutzung Nach internen Arbeitsunterlagen liegen von Millionen von Postbank - Kunden keine Einwilligungen vor .
Offenbar ist ihnen nach Gründung des neuen Postbank - Vertriebs 2006 noch keine Einwilligungserklärung zur Unterschrift vorgelegt worden .
Dennoch stellt die Postbank den freien Mitarbeitern auch die Kontodaten dieser Kunden zur Verfügung .
Die Postbank Finanzberatung AG gibt ihren Mitarbeitern hier vor , diese Informationen zwar zu nutzen , aber ihr Wissen im Kundengespräch vor den Kunden geheim zu halten .
Tipps für Postbank - Kunden Forderung .
Wenn Sie als Postbankkunde nicht wollen , dass ihre Kontodaten eingesehen werden , sollten Sie sich schriftlich an das Unternehmen wenden .
Fordern Sie die Postbank auf , die Weitergabe ihrer Daten zu stoppen .
Wenn Sie als Postbankkunde nicht wollen , dass ihre Kontodaten eingesehen werden , sollten Sie sich schriftlich an das Unternehmen wenden .
Fordern Sie die Postbank auf , die Weitergabe ihrer Daten zu stoppen .
Widerruf .
Sie können außerdem verlangen , dass Ihnen die Postbank Auskunft über gespeicherte und weitergegebene Daten gibt .
Bereits erteilte Einwilligungserklärungen können
Sie jederzeit widerrufen .
Court Dismisses Lawsuit Challenging FISA Amendments Act
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – A federal court today dismissed an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit challenging an unconstitutional government spying law .
The ACLU and the New York Civil Liberties Union filed the landmark lawsuit in July 2008 to stop the government from conducting surveillance under the FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) , which gives the executive branch virtually unchecked power to sweep up Americans ' international e-mails and telephone calls .
The ACLU filed the lawsuit on behalf of a broad coalition of attorneys and human rights , labor , legal and media organizations whose ability to perform their work – which relies on confidential communications – is greatly compromised by the FAA .
Although the government does not generally have to reveal who it spies on under the highly secretive FAA , U.S. District Court Judge John G. Koetl of the Southern District of New York dismissed the case because plaintiffs could not prove with certainty that they had been spied on , writing " [t ] he plaintiffs ' failure to show that they are subject to the FAA in any concrete way is sufficient to conclude that the plaintiffs lack standing to challenge the FAA . "
The FISA Amendments Act of 2008 effectively legalized the secret warrantless surveillance program approved by President Bush in late 2001 .
It also gave the government sweeping new spying powers , including the power to conduct dragnet surveillance of Americans ' international communications .
The following can be attributed to Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU National Security Project :
" We are disappointed by today 's ruling , which will allow the mass acquisition of Americans ' international e-mails and telephone calls to continue unchecked .
To say , as the court says , that plaintiffs can't challenge this statute unless they can show that their own communications have been collected under it is to say that this statute may not be subject to judicial review at all .
The vast majority of people whose communications are intercepted under this statute will never know about it – in fact it 's possible that no one will ever be able to make the showing that the court says is required .
" The court 's decision effectively means that Americans ' privacy rights will be left to the mercy of the political branches .
This is deeply troubling , because the courts have a crucial role to play in ensuring that individual rights are not needlessly infringed upon by statutes enacted in the name of national security .
" While today 's decision is disappointing , it 's important to emphasize that the court did not uphold the legality of the FAA .
Instead , it simply refused to reach the issue .
We are considering the options available to us , including a possible appeal .
In the meantime , it is now more important than ever for Congress to engage in meaningful oversight of executive spying . "
Plaintiffs in the case , now called Amnesty v. Blair , are :
• The Nation and its contributing journalists Naomi Klein and Chris Hedges
• Amnesty International USA , Global Rights , Global Fund for Women , Human Rights Watch , PEN American Center , Service Employees International Union , Washington Office on Latin America and the International Criminal Defence Attorneys Association
• Defense attorneys Dan Arshack , David Nevin , Scott McKay and Sylvia Royce
Attorneys on the case are Jaffer , Melissa Goodman and Larry Schwartztol of the ACLU National Security Project ; Christopher Dunn and Arthur Eisenberg of the NYCLU ; and Charles S. Sims , Theodore K. Cheng , and Matthew J. Morris of Proskauer Rose LLP .
Today 's decision is available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/nsaspying/40801lgl20090820.html
[ Ramallah , 6 October 2009 ] - According to the latest figures compiled by DCI - Palestine from sources including the Israeli Prison Service ( IPS ) and temporary Israeli army detention facilities , the number of Palestinian children detained in Israeli prisons and detention centres inside Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territory at the end of September , was 326 .
DCI - Palestine is pleased to report that following the recent release of 20 female Palestinian prisoners in exchange for video footage of Israeli soldier , Gilad Shalit , there are now currently no Palestinian females in Israeli detention under the age of 18 .
On Friday , 2 October 2009 , the remaining three girls were released .
Table 1 - Number of Palestinian girls in Israeli detention at the end of each month since January 2008
Year / Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2008 2 3 3 4 3 6 6 5 6 6 5 7 2009 5 7 6 6 6 5 4 3 3 - -
( note : these figures are not cumulative )
In September , the number of Palestinian children held in Israeli detention facilities fell to 326 , the lowest figure this year , but which still represents a 7 % increase compared with the corresponding period in 2008 .
The monthly average number of Palestinian children held in Israeli detention in 2009 still remains high , at 370 per month , compared with 319 in 2008 .
This represents an increase of 16 % .
Table 2 - Number of Palestinian children in Israeli detention at the end of each month since January 2008
Year / Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2008 327 307 325 327 337 323 324 293 304 297 327 342 2009 389 423 420 391 346 355 342 339 326 - - -
( note : these figures are not cumulative )
DCI - Palestine continues to be deeply concerned by the high number of young children between the ages of 12 and 15 being detained .
At the end of September 2009 , 40 children in this age category were being held in Israeli detention facilities , compared with 23 children in September 2008 .
This represents an increase of 74 % .
As a signatory to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child ( 1989 ) , Israel is legally bound to give effect to Article 37 which provides that ' the arrest , detention or imprisonment of a child ... shall be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time . '
If you wish to take action , then please consider lobbying your elected representatives and demand that pressure be applied on Israeli authorities to cease the practice of prosecuting Palestinian children as young as 12 in military courts , and detaining them inside Israel .
For further information please see DCI - Palestine 's latest report on Palestinian child prisoners .
Toppling Saddam Hussein from power was being discussed by British and US officials two years before the invasion of Iraq , senior Whitehall figures admitted yesterday .
Foreign
Office mandarins even drew up a secret document discussing the idea of removing the dictator as attempts to restrain him with sanctions began to fail .
But any suggestions of supporting " regime change " were dismissed repeatedly as having no legal backing .
On its opening day of public hearings , Sir John Chilcot 's inquiry into the Iraq war heard that elements of President Bush 's administration , which came to power at the start of 2001 , were already making noises in support of regime change in Iraq even before the 9/11 terror attacks in the US .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Senior figures working in the Foreign Office and the Ministry of Defence during the period said that regime change " was mentioned " during secret meetings between US and British officials during 2001 .
They also revealed that there was already a " drum beat " for war in Iraq from elements of the US administration at that point .
They explained that sanctions against Saddam Hussein had been breaking down , leaving the Iraqi leader " quite comfortable " , with a growing income , which caused concern in London and Washington .
However , removing him was not then considered a legal route and official policy was to contain the actions of the Baghdad regime .
Secret regime change paper
Sir William Patey , a former Foreign Office official , said that he had gone as far as commissioning a paper setting out regime change as one of a variety of options in dealing with Iraq .
The internal Foreign Office memo was never released and references to regime change were removed once it was passed on to the Cabinet Office for further discussion .
" This is a paper I commissioned from my staff and said ' Let 's have the whole range of options out here ' , " said Sir William .
The document discussed " hard containment to ' soft ' containment , to the lifting of sanctions , to – I have to say – the regime - change option , which was dismissed at the time as having no basis in law . "
He added : " It was very much an internal paper . "
Sir Peter Ricketts , who was chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( JIC ) , said that in those early days , it was Britain and the US which were most worried about the threat posed by Saddam .
" I think the sense of the threat was probably sharpest in London and Washington , " he said .
But he made clear that in 2001 , regime change " was something that we thought there could be no legal basis for " .
Sanctions failing
He said that concerns had emerged that the strategy of attempting simply to " contain " Saddam Hussein was failing .
The combination of strict sanctions , no fly - zones and an " oil - for - food " programme , had been used since the 1990 - 91 Gulf War .
But extensive smuggling meant the policy was " in trouble " .
Britain's hopes of creating a new " smart sanctions regime " , initially backed by elements of the US administration , were fiercely opposed by Russia because of their " commercial interests " in Iraq .
Repeated attempts to reach an agreement during 2001 failed .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Meanwhile , Sir Peter added that he was " conscious that there were other voices in Washington , some of whom were talking about regime change " .
In particular , he pointed to an academic article written in 2000 by President Bush 's National Security Adviser , Condoleezza Rice , which warned that " nothing will change " in Iraq until Saddam was removed from power .
Sir William added : " We were aware of these drum beats from Washington and internally we discussed it .
Our policy was to stay away from that . "
He said that diplomats from other countries were aware that the failure to reach a new agreement on sanctions during the summer of 2001 could lead to tougher action from the US .
The effect of 9/11
The inquiry heard that , while US policy in Iraq had been controlled by Colin Powell and the State Department during the summer of 2001 , there was a " dramatic " hardening of support for regime change when power transferred to the Pentagon and the hawkish Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
" We heard that people in Washington thought there might be some link between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden – undocumented , " Sir Peter said .
" I do n't think we saw any evidence of it .
The tone of voice was more if there turns out to be any link between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden that is going to have major implications for Iraq and Saddam Hussein . "
Both the British and US governments suddenly made anti-terrorism their highest priority , with heightened concerns over the availability of weapons of mass destruction , the inquiry was told .
According to Sir Simon Webb , then a policy director at the Ministry of Defence , the shift in emphasis led to military action in Iraq being pushed up the agenda .
" The shift in thinking was to say that we cannot afford to wait for these threats to materialise .
We must be ready to engage potential threats wherever they emerge , " he said .
" The focus did n't shift to regime change .
It shifted to the weapons of mass destruction problem .
In the case of Iraq , in order to deal with [ this ] problem , you would probably end up having to push Saddam Hussein out of power . "
However , Sir Peter insisted that , while 9/11 had increased fears of weapons of mass destruction falling into the wrong hands , it had not yet shifted British policy to one of support for ousting Saddam Hussein .
" We still had our focus on the weapons inspector route and the sanctions - type route , " he said .
" We had heard these noises about regime change .
They were n't really impinging on the Whitehall policy debate at that point . "
No one on trial
In his opening remarks , Sir John disappointed critics of the Iraq invasion by insisting that no politicians , military figures or civil servants would be found guilty by his inquiry .
He said that nobody was " on trial " and that it was not the job of his committee to decide the " guilt or innocence " of those who led Britain into war .
Tony Blair will be among those giving evidence .
Sir John attempted to reassure sceptics that his team would not " shy away from making criticisms where they are warranted " .
The retired civil servant also hit back at criticism that those on the inquiry team were too closely associated with the establishment .
" My colleagues and I come to this task with open minds , " he said .
" We are apolitical and independent of any political party .
We want to examine the evidence . "
Mr Blair is expected to be called to give evidence early in the new year .
Gordon Brown 's spokesman said that the Prime Minister would " of course " be willing to appear as a witness , but had not yet been asked to do so .
" The Prime Minister completely supports the inquiry , " the spokesman added .
" He 's very pleased it 's going ahead . "
Iraq and the West :
The long road to regime change
2 August 1990 Iraq invades Kuwait leading to condemnation by the UN Security Council which demands a full withdrawal .
16 - 17 January 1991 Coalition forces begin aerial bombing of Iraq .
27 February Kuwait is liberated after three - day ground operation .
16 -19 December 1998 UN inspection team is withdrawn , after concluding that Iraq is not co-operating fully .
February 2001 Britain and US bomb Iraq 's air defence network .
30 January 2002
In the first State of the Union address after 9/11 , US President George W Bush says Iraq is part of an " axis of evil " .
3 September Tony Blair says he is " in absolute agreement " with the US that Iraq " poses a real and a unique threat to the region and rest of the world " .
12 September President Bush addresses UN to put the case for war against Iraq .
24 September Britain publishes dossier saying Iraq could produce a nuclear weapon in one or two years .
13 January 2003 Blair says Britain could act against Iraq with the US and without a second UN resolution .
3 February UK Government publishes fresh dossier of evidence of Iraq WMD .
15 February More than 750,000 people march through London in protest against the war .
26 September 121 Labour MPs vote against Tony Blair 's war strategy after an impassioned debate on Iraq .
20 March Start ofUS campaign to topple Saddam Hussein .
British ground troops enter Iraq .
9 April Baghdad falls to US forces .
29 May BBC reporter Andrew Gilligan suggests the first - draft of the Iraq dossier was ' sexed up ' under executive orders .
7 July MoD scientist David Kelly named as Gilligan 's source .
18 July Dr Kelly is found dead with slashed wrists .
14 December Saddam Hussein is captured in Tikrit , hiding in a tiny bunker .
28 January 2004 Lord Hutton 's report finds Dr Kelly took his own life , clearing the Government of " sexing up " the dossier and condemning the BBC .
14 February Lord Butler 's inquiry into intelligence on Iraq 's weapons finds it was " sporadic and patchy " .
October 2005 Saddam Hussein is found guilty of crimes against humanity .
He is executed two months later .
12 March 2007 Former UN chief weapons inspector Hans Blix accuses Tony Blair of " exercising spin " in the run-up to the war .
December Britain hands over security of Basra province to Iraqi forces .
November Iraqi parliament approves security pact with America under which all US troops are due to leave the country by the end of 2011 .
March 2009 US President Barack Obama announces withdrawal of most US troops by end of August 2010 .
June US troops withdraw from towns and cities in Iraq .
November Independent inquiry chaired by Sir John Chilcot begins .
Walker declined to comment through his agent .
His lawyer did not return calls .
Walker faces a court hearing this Thursday in Las Vegas on three felony counts of drawing and passing checks without sufficient funds with intent to defraud .
As of Friday , a representative for the Clark County district attorney ’s office in Las Vegas said , Walker had made no move to pay up or otherwise settle the case .
Each of the charges carries a possible one - to four - year prison term .
“ I know Antoine has enjoyed himself , ’’ said a former teammate .
“ He had a good time , as all professionals who are in that situation should .
But there ’s tough lessons you learn about the responsibilities that come with being a professional athlete that makes a lot of money .
Sometimes this is one of the consequences to that . ’’
Several National Basketball Association sources , among them friends and former teammates of Walker ’s , said the 33 - year - old player may well have squandered much of his $ 110 million - plus in career earnings .
Without a team or contract as the new NBA season begins Tuesday , they ’ve heard that Walker is casting about for cash to pay off his debts and is looking to catch on with a team , perhaps even overseas .
And now he is truly feeling the press .
A Globe review found that , during the last seven months , Walker has been pursued by multiple financial institutions for unpaid debts totaling more than $ 4 million .
Court documents filed in Illinois and Florida reveal Walker was named a defendant in three recent debt - related civil cases , in addition to the ongoing check - kiting case .
His former agent is also after him , citing a heap of unpaid fees .
It was n’t true then , and it had n’t been for some time .
“ Under control ’’ has never really described Antoine Walker , on the court or off it .
When Walker ’s high school coach Mike Curta learned of the arrest , he called his former player in disbelief and asked whether there was anything he could do .
Near the cabaret bar , the deputies spotted the former Celtics all - star forward , chatting with a group of friends .
Harrah ’s security officials moved in , discreetly escorting him into an office where the deputies bound the 6 - foot - 9 - inch , 245 - pound Walker ’s hands behind his back with two pairs of handcuffs and placed him under arrest on an outstanding warrant .
In the early morning hours of July 16 , two Douglas County sheriff ’s deputies were combing through the crowds around the gaming tables at Harrah ’s Lake Tahoe casino in Stateline , Nev. , trying to find a certain high - roller , a sort - of celebrity , a wanted man .
They carried a snapshot with them , just to be sure they arrested the right guy .
He posted $ 135,000 cash bail .
The next day , he went ahead with the celebrity event he was in town for , the American Century Golf Championship , where he kept company with actors , all - stars , gold medalists , and Hall of Famers .
After his July arrest , Walker did all he could to keep up appearances .
“ But that ’s what you see .
You really do n’t know what ’s going on behind doors .
Once you start living that lifestyle , it ’s hard to stop . ’’
“ Here ’s the thing : Antoine always did it big , ’’ said another former Celtics teammate .
“ When you make the large sums of money he made because of a max contract and , from my understanding , a pretty large deal from Adidas , I did n’t think he was living out of his range . . .
During his heyday with the Celtics , Walker played and lived with brash confidence .
On the court , there were the reckless 3 - pointers , the improbable game - winning ( and sometimes game - losing ) shots , the trademark wiggle as he celebrated his biggest baskets .
Off the court , there were the cars , the jewelry , the houses , the suits , the gambling .
He liked to move in an outsized entourage ; his mother estimates that , during his playing days , he was supporting 70 friends and family members in one way or another .
And speaking of his mother , he built her a mansion in the Chicago suburbs , complete with an indoor pool , 10 bathrooms , and a full - size basketball court .
If Walker ’s story raises the question - How could anyone burn through so much money so fast ?
- it also suggests an answer .
He is one of those people who simply can’t say no .
Pitino ’s prediction , like so many things about his tenure with the Green , proved way off the mark .
As Rick Pitino , then the Celtics president and coach , put it , Walker “ will never have to worry about money again in his life . ’’
Antoine Walker entered the NBA ’s maximum - contract financial elite in 1999 , the year Boston signed him to a six - year , $ 71 million deal .
He was to be the talent and star - presence the Celtics would rebuild around , a big man with a smaller man ’s ball - handling skills .
And at 22 , he would instantly be very rich , with a champion ’s wallet even if not yet a champion ’s game .
The Thursday hearing will function largely as a status check , giving Clark County officials an update on Walker ’s job search .
It is a long way from his free - spending , carefree days as “ Employee No. 8 ’’ with the Celtics .
“ In the DA ’s office ’s last communication with Walker ’s attorney , it was reported to us that Mr. Walker was trying to get a job , ’’ said Stacey Welling , spokeswoman for Clark County .
“ If he gets a job , he can potentially enter into a payment plan to pay off the debt .
Without a job and means to pay off the debt , criminal proceedings will go forward as planned . ’’
Living at the Bishops Forest condominium complex in Waltham during the Celtics season , Walker turned the pavement surrounding his home into a virtual luxury car lot - two Bentleys , two Mercedes , a Range Rover , a Cadillac Escalade , a bright red Hummer .
Often , the vehicles were tricked out with custom paint jobs , rims , and sound systems at considerable added expense .
He also collected top - line watches - Rolexes and diamond - encrusted Cartiers .
Financial advisers often caution professional athletes to look at the big numbers on their contracts and subtract half for taxes .
That rough math would have left Walker with approximately $ 55 million in career earnings to spend .
NBA agents and players contacted for this article say an annual “ burn rate ’ ’ of $ 2 million to $ 4 million is n’t unusual for the living expenses of an elite player .
With Walker ’s taste for the finer things , former teammates suspect he fell on the higher end of the scale .
In the 10 years since his first max - contract , that could account for about $ 40 million of Walker ’s total wealth .
“ Antoine does n’t owe anybody any explanation , ’’ said Diane Walker .
“ He ’s not out here hurting anybody .
He ’s trying to live his life peacefully .
That ’s all he ’s doing . . .
My son is young .
Why ca n’t he just enjoy life , go where he wants to go ? ’’
Walker ’s mother , Diane , said her son does not have a gambling problem .
She added that “ he does n’t party any more than the next person ’’ and “ what you do with your life is your business . ’’
“ When I heard about [ the arrest ] , my first reaction was , ‘ I hope he ’s all right , ’ meaning he ’s all right to pay the bills , ’’ said another former Celtic teammate , who remembered Walker as a frequent high - stakes gambler .
Additionally , in March , an arbitrator ruled that Walker owed his former agent , Mark Bartelstein , more than $ 450,000 in unpaid fees .
Bartelstein declined to comment about the matter .
A default was entered in the American Express case with $ 53,321.71 in overdue credit card charges at stake , including some that fit the picture of a free - spending star - an $ 1,843.45 dinner , with a $ 350 tip , for instance .
Or , two nights at the Mandarin Oriental in Miami for $ 2,198.04 .
And Walker , remarkably , appears to have authorized five people to make charges on his card , not a strategy most personal finance professionals would recommend .
Many of the charges appear to have been rung up by another individual , but Walker is on the hook .
And he faces a host of other claims .
This summer J.P. Morgan Chase Bank , Wachovia Bank , and American Express Centurion Bank won decisions against Walker .
He was ordered to pay J.P. Morgan Chase $ 1,571,771.47 and Wachovia $ 1,540,929.14 - both for failing to pay off sizeable promissory notes .
From court documents , the loans appear originally related to Walker ’s nonbasketball business endeavors .
Behind the celebrity smiles , the picture was much grimmer .
Walker managed to pay down just $ 178,000 of his bad - check debt before being charged , said Clark County prosecutor Bernie Zadrowski .
The total being sought by the DA ’s office , including court costs , is now $ 905,050 .
Then , there were the custom - tailored suits - closets full of them , including the set he ordered for his first playoff run in 2002 , enough so he would n’t wear a suit more than once during the postseason run .
When the Celtics officially hired Jim O’Brien as head coach in 2001 , Walker had his tailor make three suits and presented them to O’Brien .
When it came to his Celtics teammates , Walker took good care of them on the road .
It was n’t uncommon for Walker to hire limos to take out groups of teammates .
And Walker always paid for the big dinner bills .
Walker ’s extravagant ways did n’t stop in his post - Celtic years , when he played in Dallas , Atlanta , Miami , and Minnesota before his final NBA deal was bought out by the Memphis Grizzlies last year .
Bad investments and gambling losses may be to blame for draining away much of Walker ’s remaining bankroll .
Gambling has long been a favorite form of entertainment for Walker .
After a 2001 exhibition game at Mohegan Sun , Walker once reportedly played $ 15,000 hands with Michael Jordan during an all - night gambling session where estimates of money lost and won totaled several hundred thousand dollars .
Prior to the 2003 - 04 season , when Celtics general manager Danny Ainge called Walker to tell him he had been traded , Walker was engrossed in a high - stakes blackjack game at Mohegan Sun .
Walker has also tried his hand at venture capital investing with Walker Ventures LLC and in real estate with AW Realty LLC .
Walker Ventures appears on court documents as a codefendant in the American Express and J.P. Morgan Chase civil cases .
Walker ’s realty company is listed as the owner of several Chicago - area properties , including his mother ’s home , once valued at $ 6 million but now worth a quarter of that , or less , according to more recent estimates .
When asked about her son ’s recent , well - documented financial and legal problems , Diane Walker stood stoically outside her front door .
She made a sweeping gesture toward the mansion , moving her hand past a giant brick “ W’’ embedded in the driveway .
“ Antoine is doing great , ’’ said Diane .
“ I have my home .
He has his home .
If he ’s doing so bad , then how could we still be here ? ’’
Curta , his high school coach , talks with Antoine Walker regularly by phone and is a frequent golf partner , proudly mentioning that the former Celtic recently broke 80 for the first time at Calumet Country Club in Homewood , Ill .
When asked whether Walker ever said anything about financial worries , Curta said , “ No . ’’
When asked whether he ever saw any indications of financial problems for Walker , Curta added : “ I do n’t know everybody ’s business .
I would n’t say that . ’’
When he had money to spare , Walker also enjoyed giving it away , particularly to children dealt bad hands in life .
Raised by a single mother on Chicago ’s South Side , he knew a lot about that .
He established a charitable organization , The 8 Foundation , to channel his philanthropy .
He arranged for Christmas gifts and courtside seats at Celtics games for underprivileged youngsters , paid for new uniforms and travel to tournaments for youth basketball teams , and conducted free basketball camps .
He also rewarded loyal family members and friends with expensive gifts .
Shortly after being drafted , he gave his best friend a new car .
A Mercedes sport utility vehicle parked in the driveway of his mother ’s home was a gift from Antoine to his younger sister .
And early in his NBA career , he paid off the debt his mother accumulated sending him to Catholic schools .
He finally received his high school diploma when he took care of his overdue tuition .
“ Antoine is a sweet person , ’’ said Diane Walker .
“ Everything we have is pretty much a gift from Antoine . ’’
But with the legal system closing in , and slim prospects of extending his NBA career , the stakes are now higher than ever for Antoine Walker .
With few moves left , the question now is how , or if , he will ever get his wiggle back .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Piraten wurden virtuell geentert Florian Rötzer
Der überraschende Erfolg der Piratenpartei scheint Neider zu provozieren .
Die Piratenpartei hat zwar kaum eine Chance zum Entern des Parlaments , aber sie bemüht sich unverdrossen und rückt allein mit ihrer Existenz ins Bewusstsein , dass wir in einer digitalen Informationsgesellschaft leben .
Was diese ist , was in ihr zentral ist und wie sich fortentwickeln soll , das wurde zwar schon seit vielen Jahren eher theoretisch erörtert , mit der Piratenpartei versucht die digitale Generation einen ersten Wurf , der immerhin schon einige ansonsten eher beiläufig ver- und behandelte Themen wie Datenschutz , Copyright oder Überwachung bzw .
Bürgerrechte auf die Bühne gebracht hat .
Die schnell wachsende kleine Partei , die sich schon im Namen betont systemkritisch darstellt , findet denn auch mehr und mehr Aufmerksamkeit in den Medien und wird so auch für politische Aktivisten interessant , die Aufmerksamkeit suchen .
Dementsprechend wurde auf die Bundesgeschäftsstelle der Piraten nun am Mittwoch bereits zum zweiten Mal ein Anschlag gemacht .
Fenster , die Tür und Plakate wurden " defaced " , also entstellt und mit eigenen Botschaften überschrieben .
Unzufriedene linke Gesellschaftskritiker schmierten Anarchistensymbole auf die Flächen und schrieben Parolen wie " Gegen Parteien Kapital + Staat “ oder " Kinderschänder " an die Wand .
Zur Begründung hieß es : " Mit diesem symbolischen Angriff wollen wir ein deutliches „ Nein “ gegen diese aufsteigende Partei formulieren , die einen nebulösen Freiheitsbegriff propagiert und sich einen alternativen Habitus verpasst .
Ein Nein , dass sich nicht nur gegen die „ Piraten “ an sich richtet , sondern gegen die ganze verlogene parlamentarische Demokratie . ”
Da haben offensichtliche Gestrige , die noch in der Industrie - und Ideologiewelt des 19 .
Jahrhunderts leben , versucht , die neuen Kräfte für sich zu instrumentalisieren , anstatt sich in die noch weit offene Diskussion aktiv einzumischen .
Vermutlich werden es die Täter aus mit der Parole " Nieder mit der Piratenpartei " derselben Ecke sein , die gestern die Hauptseite des Piratenwiki Wikianschlag.jpg : defaced haben .
Dass die Piratenpartei mit " digitalen Attacken " rechnen muss , versteht sich von selbst .
Da sie selbst das " Entern " so prominent setzte , ist nun die Schadenfreude nicht weit : " Unbekannte haben eine Internetseite der Piratenpartei geentert " , schreibt etwa die Welt .
Kommentare im Forum der Piratenpartei : " Also von gehackt kann keine Rede sein .
Das Wiki ist offen und jemand hat das Bild auf jede Site eingebunden .
Das hätte jeder von euch tun können .
Es handelt sich also um Vandalismus . "
Ein anderer schrieb : " Gar keiner wurde gecrackt , auf der Wikiseite wurde nur vergessen von der " Hauptseite " den Bearbeiten Button für andere user zu entfernen . "
First , I loathe having to write another story about Pen Hadow and his Catlin Arctic Ice expedition , which I consider the scientific joke of 2009 .
But these opportunistic explorers are once again getting some press over the “ science ” data , and of course it is being used to make the usual alarmist pronouncements such as this badly written story in the BBC :
WUWT followed the entire activist affair disguised as a science expedition from the start .
You can see all of the coverage here .
It ’s not pretty .
When I say this expedition was the “ scientific joke of 2009 ” , I mean it .
On to the Top Ten List .
Top Ten Reasons why the Catlin Arctic Ice Survey data ca n’t be trusted
10 .
High profile news and PR from the beginning , plus an unrealistic vision of self importance related to the mission .
The entire venture was publicized well in advance of the actual expedition , and the mission was “ too important to fail ” according to the January 23rd interview with The Guardian Catlin team leader Pen Hadow said :
“ During this mammoth expedition we will gather the essential data that scientists need to more accurately determine when the permanent floating sea ice will disappear altogether .
We cannot afford to fail on this mission – there is too much at stake . ”
With pronouncements like that , you also ca n’t afford not to bring home a result consistent with the theme of the expedition .
9 .
Reality Show Science as reported here , “ The trio will be sending in regular diary entries , videos and photographs to BBC News throughout their expedition . ”
When you tie science too closely to the media from the beginning , it predetermines some outcomes .
That pressure is always there to produce the story rather than focus on the task .
This is why most proper science is done well away from the media and the results are reported afterwards .
8 .
Hadow , by his own admission , has an unrealistic and biased warmer view of the Arctic that does n’t match the current data .
In his Curriculum Vitae posted here , he writes :
“ Twenty years ago , you could walk to the North Pole – now you have to swim part of the way there . ”
Only problem is , the satellite data showed a completely different picture of solid ice , and Hadow ’s expedition encountered temperatures of - 44 F ( - 42C ) along the way , and the vast majority of the trip was below 32 F ( 0C ) .
He did n’t encounter vast leads of water along the way , and in fact encountered ice conditions far worse than he expected .
This shows his bias for a warmer trip from the start .
7 .
The Catlin team ’s scientific advisor at the beginning of the trip seemed to already have a predetermined outcome for the Arctic .
In this BBC article and interview they write of Professor Wieslaw Maslowski , a science advisor to the survey :
“ Ultimately , Professor Maslowski hopes to finesse his forecast for when the first ice - free summer might arrive .
Currently , he has it down for 2013 – but with an uncertainty range between 2010 and 2016 . ”
So if they already had this figured out from the beginning , why make the trip at all ?
Is it so the BBC could recycle the headline again today saying Arctic to be ‘ ice - free in summer ’ ?
Why do “ science ” at great personal risk when you already are sure of the end game ?
There ’s also another nugget of predisposition wisdom by Catlin ’s science advisor Professor Maslowski .
Read on .
6 .
They failed to advise of major equipment failure in a timely manner , inviting suspicion .
The ice radar sounding equipment that was designed to do the thickness survey failed miserably , almost from day one , yet even though they were “ sending in regular diary entries , videos and photographs to BBC News throughout their expedition , ” the world did n’t learn of that failure until day 44 of the 73 day expedition .
When Apollo 13 had a problem , the world knew about it almost immediately .
When Catlin had a problem , it was covered up for well over a month , yet that did n’t stop the BBC from paraphrasing Apollo 13 ’s famous words for a headline ‘ London , we have a problem ’ as if there was some parallel in integrity and timeliness here .
5 .
Hadow and his scientific advisor erroneously believed that their expedition was the only way ice thickness measurements could be done , and they seemed oblivious to other efforts and systems .
From this BBC article and interview :
“ No other information on ice thickness like this is expected to be made available to the scientific community in 2009 , ” explained Arctic ice modeller Professor Wieslaw Maslowski , a science advisor to the survey .
While this was obviously a selling point to sponsors and an ego boost for the team , it was flat wrong .
For example , there ’s a bouy network that provides ice thickness data , .
Then there ’s ICEsat which provides mass and balance measurements , as well as ice thickness maps , shown below :
ICESat data for Fall 2008 , source NASA Scientific Visualization Studio
As reported on WUWT , another data source of Arctic Ice thickness in 2009 came in the form of an aerial survey with a towed radar array from the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research .
They did n’t have to risk lives , create drama , or bleat constant headlines to the BBC while doing the science .
They simply flew the plane over the ice a few times .
Here ’s some excerpts of what was reported on WUWT in the story Inconvenient Eisdicken – “ surprising results ” from the Arctic
At the North Pole ice sheet is thicker than expected The “ Polar 5 ″ in Bremerhaven
The research aircraft Polar 5 “ ended today in Canada ’s recent Arctic expedition .
During the flight , researchers have measured the current Eisstärke measured at the North Pole , and in areas that have never before been overflown .
Result :
The sea-ice in the surveyed areas is apparently thicker than the researchers had suspected .
Normally , ice is newly formed after two years , over two meters thick .
“ Here were Eisdicken up to four meters , ” said a spokesman of Bremerhaven ’s Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research .
For scientists , this result is still in contradiction to the warming of the seawater .
Gosh .
Where ’s the polar death defying drama in that ?
4 .
Due to the extreme cold conditions they were not fully prepared for , they completed less than half of the planned trip .
Originally it was to be a 1000 kilometer trip to the North Pole which according to early interviews given by Hadow was easily done , yet they failed .
The original start point was to be at 81N 130W but they actually started closer to the pole by about 100 kilometers .
Click here to explore the Catlin Arctic Survey in Google Earth ( right click and save as )
According to the Google Earth KML file provided by Catlin , they started at 81.7N 129.7W and ended at 85.5N 125.6W for a total distance of approximately 435 kilometers over 73 days .
Hardly a broad survey of the Arctic Ice when put into perspective on the Google Earth and ICEsat maps shown below :
Here ’s the Catlin Arctic Ice Survey Route overlaid on the ICEsat map .
You can see just how little of the ice was actually surveyed .
Note that the ICEsat image is from Fall 2008 , while the Catlin trip was in the Spring of 2009 .
Since we all know sea ice moves , often connected to the Beaufort Gyre , it is likely that the path depicted does not represent the ice Catlin actually traveled over .
The sea ice may have moved so that the Catlin path traversed some of the thinner ice to the west , though some thickening of the ice would also be expected during the winter of 2009 .
The point of this map was to put the route in perspective .
3 .
There ’s very little actual data return for 73 days on the ice , only 39 datapoints .
See the dataset they provide in the Excel file here :
CAS Snow Ice Measurements – Final 2009
Final surveying results from the 2009 expedition .
The actual number of holes drilled and measured for ice thickness by Pen Hadow is said to be in the hundreds , and what we see in the Excel file is the average of those many holes at each drilling session .
While I commend them for providing the raw hole data , problems with potential measurement bias do n’t appear to be well addressed in the methodology paper they provide here ( PDF ) while it is mentioned in the preliminary June report :
“ One further consideration , when interpreting the ice thickness measurements made by the Catlin Arctic Survey team , may be navigational bias .
Typically , the surface of First Year Ice floes are flatterthan that of multi‐year ice floes and because the team systematically seeks out flatter ice which is easier to travel over and camp on , there is a risk that the ice surveyed will not be representative . ”
Since they make no mention of the potential measurement bias in the final report , it appears that there was n’t anything but lip service consideration given to it in the early report , possibly to appease critics .
2 .
One of the most prominent sea ice researchers in the world , Dr. Walt Meier of NSIDC said he would not use the Catlin data saying in a post here on WUWT :
“ I do n’t anticipate using the Catlin data . ”
That begs the question then , beyond the use of the data for generating news stories like we ’ve seen in the BBC and other media outlets , who will ?
Even the media outlets have ignored the actual data Catlin made available , preferring sound bites over data bytes .
1 .
The Catlin Arctic Ice Survey knowingly presented false data to the public and to the media in their web presentation .
As many WUWT readers recall , it was here that it was discovered that Catlin ’s website had bogus telemetry data on it , giving the impression of “ live data from the ice ” when in fact the data repeated in an endless loop from a short period .
Here ’s the story from WUWT
Catlin Arctic
Survey website recycles biotelemetry data ?
Something quite odd is going on at the Catlin Arctic Survey website at : http://www.catlinarcticsurvey.com/
It appears that they are presenting recycled data from the biotelemetry sensors on the team .
The “ live from the ice ” biotelemetry data for each team member is presented here :
http://www.catlinarcticsurvey.com/live_from_the_ice.aspx
Here is a screencap of what the biotelemetry section of that webpage looks like : click for full sized image A WUWT commenter posted this : karl heuer ( 07:40:46 ) :
The “ Live from the Ice ” biotelemetry is definitely not live :
When the data loads , Pen Hadow core temp starts at 33.25 C every time the page loads , then increments up to 33.57 , 33.64 , 33.7 , 33.75 every time , I have refreshed , cleared temp files and rebooted — still the same WUWT commenter “ hotrod ” did his own check : I just tried it looking at Pen Haddow ’s pulse rate —
Hmmm what are the odds that 32 consecutive pulse rate measurements would be identical ?
Yes looks like the bio metric data is just white was to make their site look nifty , and has absolutely no value at all — perhaps they already have all their ice measurements in the can too ?
When called out on the bogus telemetry data issue , the Catlin support team , rather than addressing the issue head on and with transparency , simply changed the web page for “ live ” telemetry to read “ demonstrational ” , and it remains that way today .
This is what it originally showed :
Now it says :
Of course they could just end the farce and remove it .
Because , well , who needs demonstrational biotelemetry anyway ?
They also posted this at the bottom of the main page :
An apology We ’d like to apologise to anybody who felt misled by our recent biometric data .
The data was initially displayed in error in a way that gave the impression that it was live .
The intended qualification and explanation that it was , in fact , delayed information , was at first missing .
We have subsequently corrected this with specific information concerning the above data .
We apologise for the errors and to anyone who may have found the data misleading .
The real question is : how long would they have let that “ live ” impression go on had WUWT not called them on it ?
Originally the URL for the “ biotelemetry ” was
http://www.catlinarcticsurvey.com/live_from_the_ice.aspx
Now that URL if typed in your browser is automatically redirected to :
http://www.catlinarcticsurvey.com/latestfromtheice
So with the words “ telemetry ” and “ live_from_the_ice.aspx ” it is clear what the original intent was .
The apology is about saving face , nothing else .
So the question to readers and media is : with these sorts of issues listed above , do you really want to trust the data from a group of people that perform and present “ science ” in this way ?
If you do , it would seem to me that you are putting form over substance .
Even if we did n’t have these trust issues , are 39 datapoints over a short section of the Arctic really that useful given the other tools shown to be at the disposal of real science ?
The Catlin Arctic Ice Survey is in my opinion , nothing more than a badly executed public relations stunt covered with the thinnest veneer of attempted science .
Update :
On the morning of 10/15 I fixed about a half dozen typographical and grammatical errors in the essay .
h/t to Harold Ambler and others for the tips on these .
This included changing the description to “ opportunistic explorers ” in the first paragraph as in retrospect I felt my original description of was too harsh , since despite the shortcomings , omissions , and PR fluff , these people did a physical feat that few could do .
My conclusion above remains unchanged by that fact though .
– Anthony
Sponsored IT training links :
Pass your 4A0 - 103 exam in first try by using 156- 515.65 practice questions written and formulated by SSCP certified experts .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Royal Mail is heading for a bitter confrontation with postal workers after announcing plans to recruit an army of 30,000 temporary staff in an attempt to crush the national strike that starts this week .
In a move that stunned union leaders and raised tensions between management and workers to new levels , Royal Mail said it had ordered the biggest recruitment drive in its history " to help keep the mail moving during the strikes called by the Communication Workers Union ( CWU ) " .
Sources inside the CWU , which has called national strikes for Thursday and Friday , questioned whether the move was legal and suggested that it could be challenged in the courts .
As householders and businesses braced themselves for massive disruption , business secretary Lord Mandelson said he was " beyond anger " with the union for obstructing change and modernisation .
" This is a matter of life and death for the future of the Royal Mail , " Mandelson told the Observer .
" This national strike will drive away yet further customers and further business , possibly never to return to the Royal Mail . "
Fears are now growing that the strikes could unleash some of the worst industrial strife since the miners ' strike of 1984 - 85 with the focus being on possible violence at picket lines .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) said that it was closely monitoring the situation and had issued guidance to forces on dealing with large - scale strike action .
Each police force is assessing and reviewing the implications for public disorder that might arise from industrial action .
An Acpo spokesman said : " It is important that we keep the public safe as well as always preserving the right to protest . "
On Thursday CWU workers at mail distribution centres across the country will come out on strike .
Royal Mail insists there will still be collections and deliveries .
On Friday , however , those who actually collect letters and parcels from postboxes and deliver them will strike , meaning there were will be no service to households and businesses across much of the country .
Royal Mail is also suspending its " next - day delivery " guarantee , under which customers pay extra to ensure letters and parcels arrive before 1 pm on the next working day .
The company normally employs an additional 15,000 staff in the run-up to Christmas .
But tonight it said that it had decided to double that number " to help offset the impact on customers of the CWU 's unjustified and irresponsible strikes " .
Those employed on temporary contracts were not being brought in " to do our postmen 's work when they are out on strike , but to make sure that we have people to help clear any backlogs between strikes , as well as to help , as happens every year , with the seasonal build - up of mail in the run-up to Christmas , " the company said .
It added that the move was " fully in line with all employment law " .
Royal Mail group chief executive Adam Crozier said : " We are continuing to urge the union to halt its appalling and unjustified attack on customers .
At the same time , we are absolutely determined to do everything we can to minimise delays to customers ' mail .
" Every year , Royal Mail recruits thousands of additional , fully vetted , temporary staff as part of the operation that successfully delivers the Christmas mail .
This year we 'll have twice as many people on board , and we 'll have them in place much earlier in the autumn . "
A CWU spokesperson said : " We 're disappointed that Royal Mail appears to be more interested in sidelining the views and concerns of its staff than reaching an agreement to bring this dispute to an end .
" Instead of spending vast sums of money on untrained temporary workers we urge the Royal Mail to engage with talks to reach an agreement to get the permanent staff back to work .
Royal Mail is planning for failure here instead of addressing the concerns of its staff .
Postal workers deserve more than this dismissive attitude .
CWU remains available for talks to avoid a strike . "
The union maintains that Royal Mail has tried to force through modernisation and changes to working patterns without proper consultation .
The strikes are expected to cause huge problems for both business and domestic customers .
There are particular concerns within the NHS that letters due to go out shortly to people regarded as at risk from swine flu , and who would need vaccination , could be held up .
In an interview with the Observer , Dave Ward , deputy general secretary of the CWU , also claimed that Royal Mail was planning to scrap 60,000 jobs in the next two years .
Postal workers were in a " battle over the future of the industry ...
It [ the dispute ] is on a scale which comes along only every 50 or 60 years , " he warned .
He added that state - owned Royal Mail was the last major industry in Britain not to have undergone a radical restructuring .
But he stressed that the CWU was keen to find a solution to the dispute .
Ward accepted " there is going to be pain along the way " for its members , adding : " We are determined but we desperately want to find a solution .
I would not suggest this [ dispute ] is like the miners ' strike in terms of bitterness . "
Royal Mail admitted that modernisation plans would inevitably lead to job losses but insisted this weekend that it would abide by its policy of implementing only voluntary , and not compulsory , redundancies .
It rejected the CWU 's estimate of 60,000 jobs lost , but could not specify how many would be lost .
Larry Whitty , a former general secretary of the Labour party and now chairman of Consumer Focus , said : " If Royal Mail and the CWU are unable to engage in a positive manner , then it seems appropriate to us that mediation is a necessity and not a luxury . "
If you think speeches attacking the U.S. Federal Reserve could n't excite a Friday night crowd on a college campus , think again .
About 2,000 people -- students and older adults who were in the majority -- filled Northrop Auditorium at the University of Minnesota to cheer libertarian Rep. Ron Paul , a Texas Republican , as he joined Rep. Michele Bachmann to preach the gospel of a less powerful federal government .
Before Bachmann , R - Minn. , introduced Paul , she hailed legislation of his that would require a detailed audit of the Fed .
The crowd jumped to its feet and roared approval .
When she described the Fed 's actions helping the banking industry as " shrouded in secrecy , " one man jumped up and yelled , " Ponzi scheme ! "
Paul came onstage to a standing ovation , and he quickly denounced the government 's actions in dealing with the financial crisis .
He also touched on themes popular with advocates of less government .
He criticized gun control and deplored government initiatives to restrict smoking .
He said U.S. foreign policy could lead to another military draft .
" We ought to have a right to keep what we earn , which means there would be no income tax , " he said , to hearty applause .
While Bachmann also received loud applause , it was a crowd that came mostly to hear Paul , and it stood often and held signs that read , " Liberate America , Say No To Socialism . "
A moderator took written questions after Paul 's speech .
When one asked why Paul opposed socialism , saying it 's worked for European countries , it triggered hoots and laughs .
Paul said his Fed audit bill is written to " get the books open , " but added that it could lead to the Fed being eliminated .
Paul also espoused positions not always favored by other GOP conservatives .
He criticized the use of hidden surveillance cameras to crack down on crime , referring to it as a violation of civil liberties .
A former Focus on the Family radio - ministry employee has been sentenced to five years of intensive probation for attempting to lure an underage teen into having sex with him .
Juan Alberto Ovalle , 42 , part of the Spanish - speaking arm of the Colorado Springs Christian group , was fired after he was arrested by the Jefferson County district attorney ’s office .
Ovalle had narrated Christian CDs for the organization .
In early April , Ovalle made sexually graphic statements in an Internet chat room to a person he believed was an underage teen but was actually an undercover DA investigator .
Ovalle told the “ teen ” about the “ sexual things that he wanted to do with her , ” said prosecutors .
After the conversations , investigators said Ovalle drove from Colorado Springs to Lakewood on April 3 to meet the teen to have sex with her .
Instead , he was arrested .
According to the Focus on the Family website , Ovalle founded Spanish Christian Audio in 2001 to help Christian organizations with their audio needs .
Ovalle pleaded guilty to attempted sexual assault of a child on July 6 .
The sentencing judge recommended that his probation supervision be transferred to El Paso County .
He must register as a sex offender .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
AROUND 40 % of women live in countries where abortion is severely restricted by law , a figure that has changed little in a decade .
Such laws do not prevent abortion , but they do mean that the procedures are more often unsafe ( for example carried out by an unskilled practitioner in unhygienic conditions ) , according to a report by the Guttmacher Institute , a research group .
Some of the highest abortion rates are in Latin America , where abortion is all but outlawed .
Nearly all abortions in Africa are unsafe , despite the liberalisation of laws in South Africa in 1997 .
The most recent data available , for 2003 , show that a woman is as likely to have an abortion in regions where it is broadly legal as in regions where it is highly restricted .
Globally the abortion rate has fallen since 1995 mainly through a reduction in safe abortions .
Unintended pregnancies have also fallen , from 69 per 1,000 women in 1995 to 55 per 1,000 in 2008 , as contraception use has increased .
AFP
You will need to have a jailbroken iPhone for this to work .
Complete step - by - step guide for jailbreaking iPhone 2G / 3G running iPhone firmware 3.1.2 .
Once you are done with the jailbreak , follow the simple steps below to enable iPhone 3GS Battery Percentage option in your iPhone 3G and iPhone 2G :
Step 1 : Add http://apt.iphone-storage.de repository on your iPhone .
To do this :
Start “ Cydia ” on your iPhone .
Touch on “ Manage ” tab on the bottom .
Now touch on “ Sources ” as seen in the screenshot below :
Touch on “ Edit ” and then on “ Add ” .
You will be prompted to enter a url source as seen in the screenshot below .
Type “ http://apt.iphone-storage.de ” and touch on “ Add Source ” .
Cydia will now automatically update your sources by following a series of automated steps .
Step 2 : After installation is completed .
Search for “ asBattery ” in Cydia and install this application .
This app will automatically add Battery Percentage toggle on your iPhone 2G and iPhone 3G .
Step 3 : Now simply restart your iPhone and then navigate to Settings –> General –> Usage .
You should now have iPhone 3GS Battery Percentage on your iPhone 2G / 3G as shown in the screenshot below :
if you like this article , you may want to subscribe and follow me on Twitter
Wonder why some wealthy people seem so aloof ?
How about this for an answer ?
A series of studies published in Psychological Science found that money can influence responses to both emotional and physical pain .
Specifically , the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .
In ...
I am in love with a pig .
Sweep , a little black one the size of a kitten , is nestled in my arms and has fallen asleep , silky ears twitching , which makes me dare to hope he 's in love with me too .
I stroke his hair and inhale his piggy smell – hot , damp earth , with a touch of chocolate digestive .
My heart swells to bursting .
I imagine this is how new mothers feel , only they 're probably less smitten .
I want a micro pig more than I 've wanted anything in my life .
I am not the only one .
Yesterday it was reported that Victoria Beckham has bought David two micro pigs – surprise !
– for Christmas .
They probably came from The Little Pig Farm , run by Jane Croft in the Fens , but she 's not saying .
She greets me at the gate with a pink - and - brown - spotted micro pig under one arm and puts him down in the outdoor pen , where he scampers off .
She opens the door of a shed and there they are , a pile of miniature pigs cuddling up to each other on a bed of straw and listening to Classic FM .
Croft has been breeding micro pigs for two years , and has sold nearly 400 as pets at around £ 700 each .
They are selectively bred from a mix of pot-bellied , New Zealand kune kune , Gloucester Old Spot and Tamworth pigs until they attain tiny proportions – fully grown , they stand at just over a foot .
They make , it seems , brilliant pets – they are affectionate , can be house - trained , learn their names , and Croft says they are more intelligent than dogs .
The only restriction is that under Defra rules , you need a livestock licence to move them around .
Still , the phone rings constantly , especially now Christmas is coming ( as presents , not dinner ) .
" I 'm not really selling them as presents , and I wo n't sell to anybody , " says Croft , who vets people to check they know what they 're taking on – micro pigs need a large garden , should be kept in pairs and can live for 18 years .
Sweep , Croft 's house pig ( he even sleeps with her in bed , curled up under her arm ) trots back to his basket and she gives me Moonpig , an eight - week - old with warm pink skin who squeals , then settles and nuzzles my shoulder .
She thinks I 'm her mum !
I am a pig !
I am not being dramatic when I say that life without this porcine poppet suddenly looks bleak .
A plan forms – I could hide her in my handbag .
View Transcript
Transcript
Vacationing in a bad economy
Alice says , " I can't afford a big vacation this year . "
Alice says , " So I bought some kitty litter and a 100 - watt bulb .
It 's exactly like being at the beach . "
Catbert thinks ,
" This could turn ugly . "
HxD - Freeware Hex Editor and Disk Editor
HxD is a carefully designed and fast hex editor which , additionally to raw disk editing and modifying of main memory ( RAM ) , handles files of any size .
The easy to use interface offers features such as searching and replacing , exporting , checksums / digests , insertion of byte patterns , a file shredder , concatenation or splitting of files , statistics and much more .
Editing works like in a text editor with a focus on a simple and task - oriented operation , as such functions were streamlined to hide differences that are purely technical .
For example , drives and memory are presented similar to a file and are shown as a whole , in contrast to a sector / region - limited view that cuts off data which potentially belongs together .
Drives and memory can be edited the same way as a regular file including support for undo .
In addition memory - sections define a foldable region and inaccessible sections are hidden by default .
Furthermore a lot of effort was put into making operations fast and efficient , instead of forcing you to use specialized functions for technical reasons or arbitrarily limiting file sizes .
This includes a responsive interface and progress indicators for lengthy operations .
Features
Available as a portable and installable edition
RAM - Editor
To edit the main memory Memory sections are tagged with data - folds
Disk - Editor ( Hard disks , floppy disks , ZIP - disks , USB flash drives , CDs , ... ) RAW reading and writing of disks and drives for Win9x , WinNT and higher
Instant opening regardless of file - size Up to 8EB ; opening and editing is very fast
Liberal but safe file sharing with other programs
Flexible and fast searching / replacing for several data types Data types : text ( including Unicode ) , hex - values , integers and floats Search direction : Forward , Backwards , All ( starting from the beginning )
File compare ( simple )
View data in Ansi , DOS , EBCDIC and Macintosh character sets
Checksum - Generator : Checksum , CRCs , Custom CRC , SHA -1 , SHA - 512 , MD5 , ...
Exporting of data to several formats Source code ( Pascal , C , Java , C# , VB. NET )
Formatted output ( plain text , HTML , Richtext , TeX ) Hex files ( Intel HEX , Motorola S- record )
Insertion of byte patterns
File tools
File shredder for safe file deletion Splitting or concatenating of files
Basic data analysis ( statistics )
Graphical representation of the byte / character distribution Helps to identify the data type of a selection
Byte grouping 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 or 16 bytes packed together into one column
" Hex only " or " text only " - modes
Progress - window for lengthy operations
Shows the remaining time Button to cancel
Modified data is highlighted
Unlimited undo
" Find updates ... " - function
Easy to use and modern interface
Goto address
Printing
Overwrite or insert mode
Cut , copy , paste insert , paste write
Clipboard support for other hex editors Visual Studio / Visual C++ , WinHex , HexWorkshop , ...
Bookmarks Ctrl + Shift + Number ( 0 - 9 ) sets a bookmark Ctrl + Number ( 0 - 9 ) goes to a bookmark
Navigating to nibbles with Ctrl + Left or Ctrl + Right
Flicker free display and fast drawing
License
HxD is free of charge for private and commercial use .
Selling HxD is not allowed .
Distributing it as part of magazine addon CDs / DVDs / other media or putting it on download portals or private websites is allowed and welcome .
For details , please see the HxD License .
What 's new
Complete change log for HxD
Notes
Disk - Editor
To use the disk editor under Windows NT/2000 /XP/2003 / Vista/7 and higher you have to be an administrator or have the appropriate privileges .
Starting with Vista you need to manually unmount the hard disk to successfully write to it , or in other words : make sure the disk you edit has no mounted file system .
More details in this forum thread .
A system drive ( the one where Windows is installed on ) cannot be written to while Windows is running .
In order to still accomplish that , you will have to execute HxD from a boot CD / DVD like PartBE or VistaPE and edit the system disk from there .
Windows NT 4
If the RAM - editor does n't show any processes under Windows NT 4 you most likely do n't have PSAPI .DLL installed on your system .
You can get it from Microsoft ( PSAPI.DLL Download ) and copy the DLL into the % windir % \System directory .
HxD was only tested for Windows NT 4 SP 6 , though it should work with versions prior to service pack 6 .
Windown NT 4 SP1 and newer are also supported , if WININET.DLL is added , through IE 3.02 or newer .
Articles about HxD
Translators
More useful links
Thanks to the translators , HxD is available in many languages .
Washed Up Severed Feet a Mystery for Canadian , U.S. Authorities
Eight severed feet have washed ashore in two years .
Oct. 29 , 2009  -- Somewhere in the Pacific Northwest there are several bodies missing their feet .
Yet another sneaker - clad foot has washed ashore in British Columbia -- the eighth foot in two years , stumping authorities in both Canada and the United States .
Seven of the feet , including the most recent foot , have been found in the waters of British Columbia .
The other foot found off the coast of Port Angeles , Wash .
Royal Canadian Mounted Police Cpl. Annie Linteau told ABCNews.com today that on all of the feet there is " no evidence of being severed or artificially removed . "
While Canadian authorities seem to be leaning toward decomposition as the reason the feet were detached from the bodies -- which have never been found -- noted forensic pathologist and Kentucky state medical examiner Dr. Greg Davis said he thinks otherwise .
" I do n't think this is an artifact of decomposition , " he said .
" I have never heard of feet just popping off . "
Davis , who has not examined any of the feet but has followed the case with interest , said he has a friend who is an emergency room doctor in Vancouver and said people in the area are " a little more than freaked out . "
" To me , it 's foul play until proven otherwise , " he said .
" This is just too strange . "
Linteau said they are not ruling anything out , including foul play .
" We can never be 100 percent sure , " the officer said .
" At this point the 're no indication that there 's foul play involved . "
So far only two pairs of feet have been matched , Linteau said .
A size 11 male right foot found on Valdez Island on Feb. 8 , 2008 was matched with a left foot found on Westham Island on June 16 of that year .
A size 7 right female foot found May 22 , 2008 on Kirland Island was matched with a left foot found Nov. 11 , 2008 in Richmond , B.C .
Severed Feet the Work of a Killer or Just a Coincidence ?
Only one foot , the first one found on Aug. 20 , 2007 , has been matched to an actual person .
Linteau said that a right foot was determined to have belonged to a missing man from the lower mainland of Vancouver .
The RCMP was not releasing any other information on the man , Linteau said , only that " he was last seen to be emotionally disturbed . "
In all cases , except the matching pairs , all of the feet were right feet .
All but the female matching pair were male , though the medical examiner has yet to release the gender of the foot found this week .
All were also found in sneakers .
The most recent foot was found in a size 8.5 Nike .
Linteau said it was unclear how long the feet had been in the water by the time they washed ashore because water temperature and sea creatures could have affected natural decomposition .
The sneakers , she said , also provide a " unique environment " that could protect the foot from the elements and possibly cause the foot to bob to the surface .
But Davis said that if a whole body is left in the water , gases inside the abdomen would eventually cause the entire corpse to float to the surface , not just a foot .
Even if the skin has sloughed off , the bones of the legs and feet would still be attached unless an animal has gnawed them apart .
While there may be a benign reason for the severed feet , he said , " I 'm just not able to come up with it . "
If this was such a common phenomenon in decomposing bodies as to happen eight times in one location , " Why would that not happen anywhere else in the world ? "
Davis asked .
Davis said likely causes for the feet could be the work of a serial killer who is dumping the feet as a sort of trademark or possibly a funeral director who is dumping body parts into the ocean instead of disposing of them properly .
But even in that case , he said , " The foot just does n't drop off and that would n't be the only thing that washed to shore . "
After doing a lot of research and back tracking and conferring with the local Greek Orthodox pastor , this is the meaning of Maryann ’s chant :
Lo , lo , Bromios , Lo , lo , Dendrites , Lo , lo , Eleutherios , Lo , lo , Enorches .
Lo , lo , according to Father Georgios , is the same thing as saying come and listen , or hear my prayer .
Bromios , Dendrites , Eleutherios , and Enorches are names and attributes of the god Dionysus .
Bromios means boisterous , noisy , rowdy , which would have been the overall state of a reveler at a Bacchanalia .
Dendrites denotes Dionysus connection to the trees , and with Dionysus being the god of fertility and agriculture , the call asks the god to come before them and replenish the earth and make it fruitful .
Eleutherios is freedom .
The celebrants at the bacchanalia are asking Dionysus to free them from many things : hunger , infertility , and to free them from their personal restraints , making them more receptive to the god ’s personal and sexual energy .
To be free from social and sexual repression is to make the reveler open to physical communion with the gods and one another .
Enorches means dancer and the god would definitely love the revelers to dance .
In fact the maenads have their own form of ecstatic dance , much like ritual dancing in many nature religions .
This dance was meant to alter the mood and to elevate the senses and awaken the physical and spiritual self to communion with the divine and the rituals of the faith .
However , Enorches was also a character in Greek mythology who was also the son of Thyestes , a man with a deep history of incest .
Enorches ’ mother was also his aunt , Daeta .
In addition to his sister , Thyestes fathered a child with his daughter and slept with his twin brother ’s wife .
Upon learning of this deceit , Thyestes ’ brother killed Thyestes ’ sons and served them to him as food .
Does cannibalism sound familiar ?
Sources : The Great World Myths by John Halstead and Father John Georgios , Pastor of St Gregory Greek Orthodox Church
Those wondering exactly what kind of garbage may be the Fed 's balance sheet would be interested in reading Deserted shopping mall bleak symbol of Fed bailout .
A $ 29 billion trail from the Federal Reserve 's bailout of Wall Street investment bank Bear Stearns ends in a partially deserted shopping center on a bleak spot on the south side of Oklahoma City .
The Fed now owns the Crossroads Mall , a sprawling shopping complex at the junction of Interstate highways 244 and 35 , complete with an oil well pumping crude in the car park -- except the Fed does not own the mineral rights .
The Fed finds itself in the unusual situation of being an Oklahoma City landlord after it lent JPMorgan Chase $ 29 billion to buy Bear Stearns last year .
That money was secured by a portfolio of Bear assets .
Crossroads
Mall is the only bricks and mortar acquired through bailout .
The remaining billions are tied up in invisible securities spread across hundreds , if not thousands , of properties .
It is hard to be precise because the Fed has not published specifics on what it now owns .
The only reason that Crossroads Mall has surfaced is that it went into foreclosure in April .
Part of the public concern stems from the sheer scale and complexity of the bailouts and what they will eventually cost taxpayers , with the assets shrouded in oddly named limited liability companies held by the New York Federal Reserve Bank , one of the 12 regional Fed banks in the U.S. central banking system .
On top of Bear Stearns , the Fed lent $ 60 billion to prop up insurance giant American International Group a few days after Lehman went under , and is also standing behind over $ 400 billion of assets owned by Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp .
" What the Fed and banks have said they are worried about is a new wave of losses on commercial real estate and here is an example of an early adopter in the Fed 's portfolio , " said Lou Crandall , chief economist at Wrightson ICAP in Jersey City , New Jersey .
" The fact that the thing was written so that the Fed does not have the oil rights is just classic . "
Crossroads Mall , half - empty after anchor stores Macy's , JC Penney , Montgomery Ward and Dillard 's all pulled out , was brought out of foreclosure in April with $ 77 million in debt , according to Ann Marie Randolph at the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's office .
It is now up for sale for $ 24 million .
Two other pieces of the Bear Stearns collateral -- Extended Stay Hotels , and the GrandStay Residential Suites Hotels in Oxnard , California -- have sought court bankruptcy protection .
Extended Stay owes the Fed almost $ 900 million , consisting of $ 153 million in commercial mortgage - backed securities and $ 744 million in junior mezzanine debt , while GrandStay won Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with a bit under $ 10 million in debt .
Joseph Sholder , the Santa Barbara lawyer acting for GrandStay , was startled to discover that the lender who had tried to take control of the property was the Federal Reserve .
Court papers simply identified GrandStay 's creditor as Maiden Lane Commercial Mortgage Bank Securities Trust - 2008 .
Fed Should Hold Only Treasuries
Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia President Charles Plosser said the central bank should limit the securities on its balance sheet to Treasuries and create a policy for serving as lender of last resort .
The Fed ’s emergency - credit programs and inconsistency in bailout decisions created confusion and showed the central bank “ lacked a well - communicated , systematic approach , ” Plosser said yesterday in a panel discussion at Palo Alto , California .
Policy rules “ would yield better economic outcomes for both monetary policy and financial stability policy , ” he said .
Plosser ’s comments rank him among the strong internal critics of the Fed ’s efforts to stem the worst financial crisis in seven decades .
The Fed “ strayed into credit allocation ” that should be the purview of fiscal authorities , not the central bank , he said at Stanford University .
Plosser did n’t elaborate on how the Fed would dispose of the $ 1.25 trillion of mortgage - backed securities it plans to purchase through March .
The Fed is also buying up to $ 200 billion of housing - finance debt as part of efforts to lower interest rates and revive home - buying .
This month the Fed is completing $ 300 billion in purchases of long - term Treasuries , begun in March and aimed at lowering private borrowing costs .
Audit The Fed
What other total garbage is on the Fed 's balance sheet ?
There are many things in life that you will take great pleasure in doing that will not be comfortable .
You may dread them .
You may even begin imagining ways you could painlessly end your time here on earth to avoid the task at hand .
It ’s funny , is n’t it ?
We know security is a myth .
Yet , we often act in a way that favors comfort over fulfillment .
I know that I , personally , have acted in this way many times .
I do what I want when the risk is minimal .
I tell myself that there are really no other choices , when in reality , there are choices everywhere .
They ’re just not very comfortable .
So the question is this : does feeling good really matter ?
You would think so , right ?
But the exact opposite is true in reality .
It ’s often when you think you ’re the most comfortable that there ’s a subtle undercurrent of dissatisfaction .
You ’ve settled .
And a little part of your soul dies .
The main reason you settle is because the unknown is not an agreeable place to reside ; you ca n’t predict what will happen .
But most of all , you settle to protect your ego .
That ’s because your ego does n’t like it when you ca n’t predict the future .
It does n’t like knowing that your choice — the one that will really make you feel content — may end up failing .
When your ego ca n’t predict the outcome , it goes into survival mode .
It ’s easier to take the safe , predictable path .
But we all know deep down that survival is a temporary bet , anyway .
Security does not exist in reality .
So what ’s the alternative ?
Ignore yourself .
Choose to act in a way that may scare you , may not make you feel good , but will leave you feeling fulfilled .
Choose the path that calls to your heart ; the one that may be dark , obscure , and strewn with obstacles .
That is the path worth traveling .
Whether you are compelled to do something comfortable or not , your job is to face the calling .
Do not think about comfort or discomfort .
Do what would make you feel most alive .
If you find it hard to stop thinking about the pain or difficulty a challenge may cause you , remember that you do n’t have to listen to your thoughts .
If you do n’t like what you have to say to yourself , you have the option of ignoring yourself .
I do it all the time .
The more you practice ignoring the thoughts you do n’t like , the more they ’ll learn it ’s no use trying to persuade you .
This is what I like to call “ artful ignorance . ”
Once you grasp this , you ’ll inherit Internal Harmony .
That is the ultimate goal .
When you ’re in harmony internally , comfort and discomfort are not important to you .
You just do whatever is most aligned with your values .
Do n’t do what you think will make you happy .
Do n’t do what ’s comfortable .
Feeling good is not important .
Fulfillment is something you ca n’t trade .
For anything .
Sharing is caring !
Twin revolvers pierce the cheeks of a devotee of the Chinese Shrine Bang Neow as he walks in a street procession at the Vegetarian Festival Friday in Phuket , Thailand .
The annual festival traces its origin back to the early 1800's when Chinese tin miners and others who had been stricken with disease recovered by adhering to a strict vegetarian diet .
You write the cutline .
( AP Photo / David Longstreath )
Top Cutlines :
Put down that coffee , and come out with your hands up !
The owner of a Financial District tobacco shop was amazed to learn he was violating the law by offering his customers a free cup of joe while they legally puffed away on his cigars .
Vince Nastri III , the third - generation owner of Barclay Rex — where bankers , City Hall staffers , lawyers and detectives smoke while sitting in plush leather chairs or browsing in the walk - in humidor — complained that the city is “ trying to take away my livelihood over a cop of coffee . ”
Health officials had no problem with all the cigars his customers were puffing on — a handful of businesses , including Nastri’s , are exempt from Mayor Bloomberg ’s anti-smoking laws — but decided a $ 9,000 coffee machine was grounds for closing the place down .
“ We did n’t survive in business for 99 years by breaking laws .
But this is just petty , ” said Nastri , whose shop ’s past customers have included Frank Sinatra , James Cagney and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani .
Nastri first got into hot water on June 10 , when Health Department inspectors arrived at his shop , at 75 Broad St. , to check out a complaint that cigar odor was wafting to the building ’s upper floors .
The inspectors decided the complaint was unfounded .
But one inspector pointed out the coffee machine , which customers used gratis to make themselves espressos , lattes and cappuccinos .
“ That ’s illegal , ” the inspector pronounced — and issued Nastri a citation , which can lead to fines ranging from $ 200 to $ 2,000 .
Nastri found himself in a classic Catch - 22 situation .
To serve coffee — even free coffee — he needs a permit to operate a food - service establishment .
But smoking is banned in food - service establishments .
Realizing that resistance would be futile , Nastri had the machine removed .
“ It ’s like the city has nothing better to do than worry about me providing my customers with coffee ? ” Nastri said .
Bill Flynn , a customer who saw the first citation being issued , said , “ The government thinks it knows better than everybody ; that ’s the problem . ”
Michael Mitchell , a recent customer who had to bring in his own takeout coffee from a nearby store , groused , “ I ’m upset [ the machine ] is gone .
I had to pay two bucks for this , when it used to be right here . ”
dan.mangan@nypost.com
SIOUX CITY , Iowa , Oct. 8 ( UPI ) -- Authorities in Iowa said someone put a clown costume and a wig on a dead deer and left the carcass on a family 's porch as an apparent prank .
Sioux City Animal Control Officers said they were called to a resident 's home Wednesday morning to remove the dressed - up deer carcass and the dead animal was taken to the Animal Control Center for proper disposal , KMEG - TV , Sioux City , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
Animal Control Officer Jake Appel urged residents not to repeat or emulate the prank .
" Do n't do it .
It 's immature , it 's illegal .
It 's a dead animal it does n't need to be sitting on someone 's porch .
It needs to be disposed of by the right people , " he said .
Police said no investigation has been opened into the incident .
This one 's for the girls !
The second Girls Night
Out of the season will be held on Saturday , September 18 presented by Chevy .
The event takes place at Kauffman Stadium in the Outfield Experience prior to the Royals vs. Indians game at 6:10 p.m. Media partner 98.1 KUDL will be on hand and NBC Action News Anchor Christa Dubill will host the September event .
Proceeds from the event benefit the American Heart Association .
Massage Envy and Green Beauty Salon & Day Spa will pamper guests with chair massages and mini spa services .
Fans will also enjoy chocolate fountains , product sampling from Hy - Vee and Pepsi and entertainment from Howl at the Moon dueling pianos .
In addition , Macy 's will present a fall fashion show featuring the latest trends .
Heart disease survivors and American Heart Association volunteers will participate in a special pregame ceremony and be honored throughout the evening 's festivities .
Girls Night
Out VIP packages include a Royals T - Shirt and a $ 5 donation to the American Heart Association .
Each ticket package also includes $ 6 in loaded value that can be used for concession or retail purchases and all ladies who purchase a Girls Night Out VIP ticket package will be able to enter the event one hour early starting at 3:30 p.m.*!
Plus , the first 10,000 ladies through the gates will receive a Royals knit cap .
Parking Alert »
Do n't miss out !
Call your friends , mark your calendars and get your tickets today !
Download / Print the 2010 Girls Night Out Map [ PDF ] »
According to the UK Sun , Mike Swick injured himself in training , and has been forced to withdraw from UFC 103 :
Kos swept the American -- nicknamed " Quick , " causing him to land on his head .
His injuries are not serious but we can reveal he will be unable to face Martin Kampmann on September 19th ... instead , rising British star Paul ' Semtex ' Daley will step in to face the Dutchman on the televised card .
I know the natural inclination is to doubt this because it comes from the Sun , but the piece has quotes from Paul Daley and Marshall Zelaznik ( head of UFC Europe ) confirming the change .
Here is Paul Daley :
" I got the call and I accepted .
I came to the UFC to fight the best , and that 's what I am going to do .
Kampmann is on a roll with the UFC , but I will roll over him . "
Marshall Zelaznik had the following comment on Daley 's opportunity :
" He was asked to step up and , real fighter that he is , he accepted right away .
He 's already done the UK proud by stepping up and I know he 's going to go all out to do exactly the same at UFC 103 . "
Hype aside , this is a serious setback for the welterweight division if true .
There were already serious questions over whether Swick vs. Kampmann would really produce a legitimate contender for Georges St. Pierre , and now the fight has been downgraded significantly .
I still believe Kampmann will get his shot if he wins , because they have nothing else at 170 .
If Paul Daley wins they are going to have to make some really hard choices .
This is the issue in a division so thoroughly dominated by one fighter .
You can try to close your eyes and pretend fights like Kampmann vs .
Swick will provide a big fight for GSP , but there are injuries in this sport , and if you only have 2 or 3 guys that are yet to have been crushed by the champion , an injury to any of them is a huge setback .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Reports suggest Windows Live Hotmail accounts have been hacked
Thousands of accounts on web - based e-mail system Hotmail have been compromised in a phishing attack , software giant Microsoft has confirmed .
BBC News has seen a list of more than 10,000 e-mail accounts , predominantly originating from Europe , and passwords which were posted online .
Microsoft said it had launched an investigation .
Phishing involves using fake websites to lure people into revealing details such as bank accounts or login names .
" We are aware that some Windows Live Hotmail customers ' credentials were acquired illegally and exposed on a website , " said a Microsoft spokesperson .
" Upon learning of the issue , we immediately requested that the credentials be removed and launched an investigation to determine the impact to customers . "
Quick change
Graham Cluley , consultant at security firm Sophos , told BBC News the published list may just be a subset of a longer list of compromised accounts .
" We still do n't know the scale of the problem , " he told BBC News .
Technology blog neowin.net was the first to publish details of the attack .
It said the accounts were posted on 1 October to pastebin.com , a website commonly used by developers to share code .
Although the details have since been removed , BBC News and Neowin has seen a list of 10,028 names beginning with the letters A and B .
BBC News has confirmed that the accounts are genuine and predominantly originate in Europe .
The list included details of Microsoft 's Windows Live Hotmail accounts with email addresses ending hotmail.com , msn.com and live.com .
Mr Cluley advised Hotmail users to change their password as soon as possible .
" I 'd also recommend that people change the password on any other site where they use it , " he said .
Around 40 % of people use the same password for every website they use , he added .
Hotmail is currently the largest web - based e-mail service .
Nationally Recognized Success In Securities Litigation and Arbitration
San Francisco securities lawyer Jeffrey A. Feldman represents the interests of investors in California and throughout the United States in both securities arbitration and securities litigation related to investment losses caused by stockbroker or investment advisor misconduct .
As an attorney , Mr. Feldman has been handling securities claims since 1991 .
During this time , he has represented hundreds of clients throughout the country and recovered millions of dollars on their behalf .
Mr. Feldman ’s track record in these cases is among the best in the country .
As a result , Mr. Feldman has become nationally recognized among industry professionals and the media , including such outlets as the Wall Street Journal and the San Francisco Chronicle , for his expertise and work in this highly complex area of the law .
Have You Lost Money In The Stock Market Or Other Investments ?
In today ’s economic climate , the answer to this question is almost inevitably yes .
However , if you have suffered investment losses as a result of stockbroker misconduct , including bank broker - dealer misconduct or investment advisor misconduct , you may be able to recover part or all of the hard - earned money you lost .
Protecting The Rights Of Investors And Limiting The Reach Of Wall Street
Securities law attorney Jeffrey A. Feldman protects the rights of individual investors , and is committed to doing what he can to limit Wall Street ’s penchant for trying to enrich itself at the expense of his clients .
From our California law office , he represents clients who have suffered investment losses because of fraud , misrepresentation or omission , negligence , and other illegal conduct by financial professionals .
Mr. Feldman has also represented investors from around the world with investment accounts based in the United States .
Benefit support for asylum seekers is to be cut from tomorrow to £ 5 a day – just over half of what the government says a person needs to live on , according to refugee welfare agencies .
The change means the weekly rate for a single asylum seeker over 25 who is destitute and asks for support will be reduced from £ 42.16 to £ 35.13 a week .
At the same time , benefits for asylum seekers who are lone parents with one child is to be frozen at £ 42.16 instead of rising in line with consumer price inflation , leaving them £ 2 a week worse off .
The Home Office passed the regulations through parliament in June , allowing them to abolish a higher rate of support for asylum seekers aged 25 and over .
The UK Border Agency said asylum support rates were reviewed " in view of the difficult economic climate " .
A spokesman said : " Historically , support for asylum seekers has been linked to income support rates .
Income support rates are higher for those over 25 and lone parents because they are likely to be living independently .
This does not apply to asylum seekers , who typically live in UK Border Agency accommodation and so have no housing costs , or water , gas or electricity bills . "
The Refugee Council , Refugee Action and the Scottish and Welsh Refugee Councils said they were appalled by the decision .
Donna Covey , of the Asylum Support Partnership , representing the agencies , said : " These are hard times for everybody , but we must remember that many of these people have experienced torture , persecution , war and human rights abuses and most live in already impoverished circumstances . ''
She said a more practical solution would be to allow asylum seekers to work .
Aides to Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) defended his ' whore ' remark that he directed at a Bernanke aide .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Grayson apologizes for ' whore ' remark
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) has apologized for calling a top adviser to Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke a “ whore . ”
“ I offer my sincere apology to Linda Robertson , an adviser to Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke , ” Grayson said in an emailed statement .
“ I did not intend to use a term that is often , and correctly , seen as disrespectful of women . ”
Advertisement
In the emailed statement , Grayson gave further context to the comment , saying it was made “ last month in the context of the debate over whether the Federal Reserve should be independently audited , was inappropriate , and I apologize . ”
Grayson 's apology is the latest in a string of incendiary statements by the Florida congressman , who in the past month has accused Republicans of wanting people to " die " rather than get better health care and has compared the health care crisis to a " holocaust . "
Republicans circulated the audio Monday afternoon of Grayson calling Robertson a “ K Street whore . ”
Todd Jurkowski , Grayson ’s spokesperson , initially defended the remark by saying it was in reference to her time as the top lobbyist for Enron .
He also pointed to an alternate definition in a dictionary .
“ The attack was on her professional career , not her personal life , ” Jurkowski wrote in an e-mail to POLITICO .
“ The second definition of ‘ whore ’ in the American Heritage Dictionary is ' A person considered as having compromised principles for personal gain . ’ ”
Robertson lobbied for Enron , the Clinton Treasury Department and Johns Hopkins University before going to work for Bernanke .
Jurkowski said his boss was simply making a point about Robertson ’s prior work .
" She had the audacity to attack a congressman who used to be an economist .
She 's a career lobbyist who used to work for Enron and advocates for whatever she gets paid to promote , " Jurkowski said .
It 's the second time in recent weeks that a Grayson aide has cited a less - incendiary meaning for a word to try to put out a political fire Grayson lit by using strong language .
In a House floor speech earlier this month , Grayson blamed Republicans for the current state of the health care system , which he referred to as a " holocaust in America . "
He was rebuked by the Anti-Defamation League and offered an apology for his remarks , but staff for Grayson , who is Jewish , insisted he was using the small -h " holocaust " rather than the capital -h " Holocaust " that refers to the Nazis ’ murder of 6 million Jews .
Several of Grayson 's colleagues , including House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer ( D - Md. ) have said his comments about Robertson were uncalled for .
Rep. Dina Titus ( D - Nev. ) called them " a bit extreme and rather sexist . "
Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y. ) said Monday night that Grayson is " one fry short of a Happy Meal , " but changed his tune a bit after speaking to his Florida colleague about the matter .
" Alan Grayson is a friend and an extraordinary member of Congress .
No obviously playful comment from me should distract from the important role Rep.
Grayson has played in focusing on the true and tragic costs of our broken health care system , " Weiner said in a statement e-mailed to POLITICO .
" He is a leader and a patriot . "
" Extra " host Mario Lopez visited the 2009 Women 's Conference this week where he met " Kate Plus 8 " star Kate Gosselin .
The two really hit it off and had a good laugh !
( Photo : Pope Benedict XVI with African bishops in St. Peter ’s Basilica at the Vatican , 4 Oct 2009 / Alessandro Bianchi )
Roman Catholic bishops called on corrupt Catholic leaders in Africa on Friday to repent or resign for giving the continent and the Church a bad name .
Around 200 African bishops , along with dozens of other bishops and Africa experts , also accused multinational companies in Africa of “ crimes against humanity ” and urged Africans to beware of “ surreptitious ” attempts by international organizations to destroy traditional African values .
Their three - week synod , which ends formally on Sunday with a Mass by Pope Benedict , covered a range of Africa ’s problems , such as AIDS , corruption , poverty , development aspirations and crime .
But it had a very direct message for corrupt African leaders who were raised Catholics .
“ Many Catholics in high office have fallen woefully short in their performance in office .
The synod calls on such people to repent , or quit the public arena and stop causing havoc to the people and giving the Catholic Church a bad name . ”
The message did not name any leaders .
The international community has for years called on Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , who was raised a Catholic and educated by Jesuits , to step down , saying he had brought his once - prosperous country to its knees .
Another African leader who was raised a Catholic and has been accused of corruption is Angola ’s President Eduardo dos Santos .
Both men deny any wrongdoing .
In a section on AIDS , the bishops ’ message repeated the Church position that the spread of the disease could not be stopped by the use of condoms alone .
Last March , on his way to his first trip to Africa , the pope caused an international storm by saying that the use of condoms could actually worsen the spread of AIDS .
Read the whole story here .
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
Raphael JS is a lightweight and super - sexy JavaScript framework that allows you to draw vector graphics in your browser !
In this tutorial , I will introduce you to some basic drawing functionality , take a look at animation , provide DOM access and finally finish off by creating a cool widget for your site ...
Tutorial Details
Framework : Raphael JS
: Raphael JS Version : 1.0
: 1.0 Difficulty : Beginner to Intermediate
Beginner to Intermediate Estimated Completion Time : 30 minutes
1. Getting Set Up
Let 's get started by downloading the Raphael JS framework from here .
At the top right of the page , you 'll see
compressed and uncompressed copies of Raphael version 1.0 .
I 'd recommend you grab yourself a copy of the uncompressed source for the time being - this
way you can have a peek at the source and see what extra edge you can get on the documentation .
With that downloaded , let 's set up a simple HTML document called index.htm and include Raphael in it .
We also include our_script.js , which is where
we 'll write our own JavaScript , and in the body of the document we create a minimally styled div with ID canvas_container , which will act as a
container for our drawings .
N.B . The first stable release of version 1.0 was only made available on the 7th October 2009 , so it 's pretty new .
It makes one very important change to the way
you draw paths , so if you 're using an earlier version of Raphael , make sure you upgrade and check out the documentation on effecting backwards compatibility .
2. Creating our Drawing Canvas
When we draw with Raphael , we do so onto a canvas .
This canvas , which we 'll reference in a variable called ' paper ' , is created using the
Raphael ( ) object .
We always specify the width and height of the canvas , but have the option of also specifying either a ) the absolute position of
the canvas relative to the viewport , or b ) an element ' container ' that the canvas is drawn inside .
I generally prefer the latter method ( b ) , since we usually know where our divs are .
In our_script.js , let 's wait for the DOM to load and then create a 500 px by 500px
canvas inside our canvas_container div :
All our drawing methods will now be bound to the paper variable .
3. Built - in Shapes
Now that we have our canvas , let 's draw some shapes onto it .
The origin , that is , the x = 0 , y = 0 point , is at the top - left corner of
our canvas .
This means that any x , y coordinates we specify in our methods are relative to this point .
First off , a circle .
Modify our_script.js to look like this :
This will draw a circle with a radius of 80 px with its center placed at x = 100 , y = 100 .
We can draw as many circles as we like and we do n't have to
reference them in a variable :
Next , let 's draw a rectangle .
We do this using the rect ( ) method , which takes as parameters : the x and y coordinates of the rectangle 's top - left corner and the
rectangle 's desired width and height .
Finally , we 'll draw an ellipse .
Its parameters are the same as the circle , i.e. x , y , radius , except that we can specify x and y radii specifically .
This will draw an ellipse with x-radius = 100 , y - radius = 50 at x = 200 , y = 400 .
Our our_script.js file should now look like this :
If we now open up index.htm in our browser , we should get a bunch of shape drawings :
Example Here
4. Drawing Paths
While the built - in shapes are handy to have , it is paths that offer us true drawing flexibility .
When drawing paths , it helps to think of an imaginary cursor or pen-point pressed against the screen .
When we create our canvas , the cursor is rooted to the
top - left corner .
The first thing we should do , then , is
lift up our cursor or pen-point and move it to a spacious region in which we can draw .
As an example , let 's move our cursor to the centre of our canvas .
That is , let 's move it 250 px in the x-direction and move it 250 px in the y - direction .
We do this using a so - called path string .
A path string is a string comprised of ' action ' commands and numeric values corresponding to the command .
We move our cursor to x = 250 , y = 250 using the following
string :
' M ' means we want to move without drawing and is followed by x and y canvas co-ordinates .
Now that our cursor is where we want it , let 's draw a line relative to this point using the lower - case ' L ' command , 'l ' .
This will draw a line upwards 50 px in the y - direction .
Let 's write a path string that will draw a tetris tetronimo :
The 'z ' command signifies the path closing - it will join a line from wherever we are to the point specified by our initial ' M ' command .
We tell Raphael to actually draw this path using the path ( ) method .
Modify our_script.js to look like this :
If you load up index.htm , you should now see a tetronimo like this :
Path strings can become incredibly ( brilliantly ) complex using curve and arc commands .
Full coverage of paths can be found at the
SVG Path specification page .
5. Attribute Styling
Our tetris tetronimo , whilst wonderful , is not very aesthetically pleasing .
We 'll fix that using the attr ( ) method .
The attr ( ) method takes an object consisting of various property - value pairs as its parameter .
Since we stored a reference to our tetronimo in the variable tetronimo , we can take this variable and add the attr ( ) method to it .
We could equally well
chain the attr ( ) method to the path ( ) method , but let 's keep things sane for the time being .
I 'll demonstrate the use of attr ( ) by example :
produces this :
produces this :
The Raphael documentation is pretty extensive when it comes to the attr ( ) method .
Have a play around with the various object property - value combinations .
6. Animation
The animate ( ) method in Raphael is really , really good .
It allows us to animate our drawings in a jQuery - esque manner , animating
the attributes we supply it over some period of time with an optional easing .
Let 's rotate our most recent tetronimo by 360 degrees .
The rotation
attribute is absolute , so this should take it one full rotation and bring it back to its un-rotated state .
The animation takes place over 2 seconds ( 2000 milliseconds ) and is told to ease into its final state with a ' bounce ' .
Example here .
We can also supply a callback function as an argument .
This callback function is invoked after the animation finishes .
The following example
will animate the tetronimo's rotation and stroke - width and then reset itself with another animation in the callback function .
The this keyword references the original tetronimo from within the callback function .
Example here .
Animating Paths
Being a bit of a code geek , I rarely ever got past drawing simple shapes in Flash .
But one thing I liked playing with was shape tweening .
Well ,
Raphael goes some way to emulating shape tweening by specifying a path string in the animate ( ) method .
Another tetronimo , the Z tetronimo in Tetris , has the following path string ,
and it looks like this :
Now , using our original tetronimo with minimal attribute styling , i'm going to specify the new path string in our animate ( ) method .
You should see our original tetronimo morph into our new one .
The effect is made all the more pronounced by specifying ' elastic ' as the easing type .
Example here .
7. Dom Accessibility
If we want to get access to our elements as DOM elements , we can do so with some ease .
This is thanks to the node property .
Using this , we can
add event handlers to our drawings , which i'll proceed to show you .
Let 's start by drawing a circle in our our_script.js file .
Now , let 's add the text , ' Bye Bye Circle ! ' so that its center point is at the same point as our circle center .
I have set the opacity to 0 so that it is initially hidden .
Notice the chaining of the toBack ( ) method .
This places the text behind all other
canvas drawing elements ( similarly , toFront ( ) brings elements to the very front of our canvas ) .
Now , let 's add a mouseover event handler to our circle using the node property .
We will set the cursor style to ' pointer ' .
What this actually does is set the style property of the < circle > object in our document .
Our document looks like this :
Now , let 's finally add an onclick event handler to our circle :
When the circle is clicked , the text we referenced in the variable text is animated to full opacity over 2 seconds .
The circle itself is animated
to 0 opacity over the same time period .
We also include a callback function in the circle 's animate method .
This removes the
the circle element from our document once the animation has finished , since whilst the circle has 0 opacity , it is still clickable until removed .
Example here .
8. Let 's Build a Widget
Finally , let 's pull together what we 've learned and build a pretty little Mood Meter .
Basically , you will select a mood value between 1 and 5 , 1 being ' rubbish ' and
5 being ' positvely manic ' , and Raphael will create a nice representation of this .
View the widget here
Begin by modifying our_script.js to look like this :
This creates a circle of radius 20 px at the center of our canvas and some text on top of the circle saying ' My Mood ' .
' Mood ' is placed on a new line using
'
' .
Next , let 's create some custom information corresponding to our moods and choose which mood we 're in .
The text description of our mood is stored in an array called ' moods ' and the color corresponding to this mood is stored in an array called ' colors ' .
The chosen mood , a value between 1 and 5 , is stored in the variable my_mood .
Now let 's create a function called show_mood .
When invoked , this function will display our mood circles ( the colored circles ) and the text corresponding to this mood .
In show_mood ( ) , we have a loop that iterates as many times as the value of my_mood .
Inside this loop is a self - executing anonymous function .
This is necessary so that
we have access to the variable i at each stage of the iteration .
Inside the self - executing function , we create a timeout - every 50 * i seconds , a circle
is created at the point of our original circle .
Each circle is then translated over 2 seconds to 0px in x and some multiple of - 42 px in y .
We make sure to place
each successive circle at the back of the canvas .
Note that the circles are filled according to the color in the colors array , determined by my_mood .
show_mood ( ) is also responsible for the display of our mood text which uses my_mood to pick the corresponding mood from the moods_array .
show_mood ( ) then finally get rid of any onclick event handlers assigned to the original text and circle we placed at the center of the canvas .
This prevents
the re-drawing of moods circles .
Finally , let 's assign onclick event handlers to the center circle and ' My Mood ' text .
I assign event handlers to both elements so that clicking on either
the text or circle has the effect of calling show_mood ( ) .
Conclusion
Well , that 's it !
You should now have a sound platform on which to base your explorations into the Raphael JS framework .
Most importantly , I hope
you 're now eager to delve into Raphael JS and concoct some beautiful browser drawings and widgets .
Do n't forget to follow me on Twitter , and share your creations .
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
The health care billionaires are going ape - shit over Rep. Alan Grayson , because he represents their worst nightmare : a Democrat with balls .
Grayson is responding exactly the way a politician in this battlefield should do when attacked : the more they go after him , the more Grayson fights back and goes on the offensive .
Liberals are n’t supposed to do that .
It ’s as though he violated some unwritten rule that ’s shocked even his supposedly - liberal “ allies . ”
Now that it ’s clear that this guy Grayson is n’t easily - cowed like the rest of his spineless liberal colleagues , the billionaires have decided to go nuclear : now they ’re accusing Grayson of being a Jew - hater .
Seriously .
And this lie is spreading fast .
According to the rightwing site Redstate.com , Alan Grayson believes the Anti-Defamation League a “ crazy , racist institution . ”
Did Grayson really say that ?
Is there any evidence he “ believes ” it , as Redstate claims ?
Redstate is n’t hyperlinking the source of that accusation , because it ’s obviously bullshit .
But for the rightwing echo chamber , all that matters is that it ’s been posted on Redstate – that ’s sourced enough .
Already the internet is filled with unsourced , unattributed accusations that Grayson thinks Jews are crazy racists .
This is what happens when you fuck with the billionaires ’ blood profits .
So , folks , do n’t get your hopes up too high about Rep. Grayson ’s crusade just yet .
Grayson is being taught the hard way that the role of a Congressman is not to represent the people who elected him as a counterbalance to powerful moneyed interests ; the role of a Congressman is to provide cover for the billionaires while they plunder the country at their leisure .
In our pretend democracy , we pretend to vote for change , and they pretend to effect that change .
And we take it cycle after cycle , because after all , we ’re free , we have the best system in the world .
In reality , the billionaires control this place in a way that must make Russia ’s oligarchs green with envy , which is why it made no real difference that the Democrats won a supermajority and control the executive and legislative branches .
As the finance committee vote against the public option showed , the billionaires run the show .
Grayson was getting dangerous enough the way he grilled Fed officials to find out where our trillions went to .
For example , this amazing grilling of the Fed ’s Inspector General , where she admitted she had no idea where taxpayer trillions went to , and she believed it was n’t the Inspector General ’s job to find out …or Grayson ’s grilling of Ben Bernanke to find out which foreigners were given $ 500,000,000,000 in taxpayer money .
Redstate.com waffentwerp Erick Erickson grows fat on the billionaire - backed “ Americans For Prosperity ” teat .
But now that he ’s shown he ’s willing to fight , gloves - off , for the lives of 45,000 Americans who die every year in order to further enrich a handful of health care industry billionaires , they ’ve decided that it ’s time to Grayson as well .
Nothing kills a career quicker in this country than accusations of anti-Semitism or racism , however full of shit .
Erick Erickson , a doughy waffentwerp who ’s proven himself to be among of the billionaires ’ most reliable pseudo - patriot proxies , is leading the smear from his Redstate.com , and who knows , in this fucked - up country , with everyone piling on Grayson like they did on CNN , he may be toast .
( Props to Dylan Ratigan for not going Blitzer on Grayson when he brought him on his show . )
Support Grayson while you can , folks .
Because his little experiment in old - fashioned representative democracy is n’t likely to last long .
The billionaires are closing in .
As Mr. Lebowski said , “ The bums will always lose . ”
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
There is a better article on the WebKit blog , showing even more features !
I really recommend that you check it out and provide feedback !
I have n’t been blogging recently …
Instead , for the past 3 months I ’ve been “ doing ” something !
I ’ve been working on WebKit , the Open Source Rendering Engine behind browsers like Safari and Chrome .
More specifically I ’ve been working on the Web Inspector .
Its been a blast !
In a matter of weeks of working on the Inspector I was able to knock out some simple features that I ’ve always wanted .
Soon after I introduced some features that required some serious learning and development .
I really should n’t say “ I ” , because in actuality the WebKit team has been a tremendous help in teaching me and collaborating with me on the new features .
To name a few that have been especially helpful ( via their IRC handle because I did n’t ask their permission ) xenon , Rik` , pfeldman , bweinstein , bdash , and pmuellr .
So what were the features ?
Here they are , roughly in the order in which they were added :
Element Attributes ( Create + Tab )
Making new element attributes was difficult , sometimes impossible , and undiscoverable .
My goal was to get rid of all three of these obstacles .
Here goes .
Discoverability first .
With the new changes , when you hover over an element in the Element ’s Tree Outline an ellipsis , or some indicator , appears in the element ’s opening tag in the position that the next attribute would go .
Double clicking that ellipsis starts editing as though it were a normal attribute .
To make things easier , you can tab through attributes and backwards using “ shift - tab ” .
When starting to edit an attribute , when you tab over the end it will start making a new attribute .
This way you can quickly make multiple attributes .
CSS Properties ( Create + Tab )
The same problem existed for CSS Properties .
I added tabbing through CSS properties inside a selector section .
Tabbing forward from the last property ( or double clicking the empty space if there are no properties ) will start creating a new property .
CSS Selectors ( Create + Modify )
Yes , you now have the ability to actually add and modify selectors !
This is a feature that many designers have been interested in .
It is really powerful and quite useful .
This will make it easy for designers to hack around inside the Inspector to get the styles just right .
Also , as a side note , the way this is handled in the background leaves room for some new features such as exporting CSS for the changes you ’ve made .
Its certainly an idea being floated around .
CSS Color Representations ( Hex + More )
One complaint that showed up time and time again in Twitter was that the Inspector only showed rgb color representations .
Many designers wanted the hex representation and had to resort to using Firebug to get that information .
Well , we went one step further .
You can now represent colors any way you ’d like : hex , shorthex , rgb , hsl , or even by its nickname if it has one !
For alpha colors you get rgba and hsla .
Designers , have at it !
Clicking on the color swatch allows you to cycle through the different representations for just that color .
Allowing you to get the different representations that I got in the picture .
However , you can set a preference in the gear menu to display all the colors in a particular format .
DOM Storage Updates
The DOM Storage DataGrids now displays live updates .
You do n’t need to manually refresh every time something changes .
Also you can create , edit , and tab through the keys / values .
Double click any open space to start creating a new value .
Catching on to a theme with my updates ?
Overall this makes working with DOM Storage just a little more developer friendly .
Natural Sorting of Properties
Who counts “ 1 ” , “ 11 ” , “ 12 ” , “ 2 ” , “ 3 ” , etc .
Certainly nobody I know !
So , I implemented a variant of the alphanumerical sorting algorithm for properties when they are displayed in the console .
Now you get a much more natural ordering !
Keyboard Shortcuts
Probably not so well known but you can now switch between the different panels of the Inspector with keyboard shortcuts !
On the Mac its ⌘[ and ⌘ ] .
Better NodeList Displays
As a developer myself I find the issues that annoy me , and are likely going to annoy other developers , and set out to solve them .
One classic problem I had was doing a getElements ByTagName or similar and having the console respond blandly with “ NodeList ” .
Not good enough !
NodeLists now display the actual HTML elements in a list just like an Array .
Its one of those small details that developers wo n’t really notice unless its gone , because we expect it .
Resources Interactivity
There were some old feature requests sitting in WebKit ’s Bugzilla .
They requested opening resources on double click , and adding the ability to drag a resource around like it were a link .
I thought they were great ideas !
Cookies
This was the first feature that required me really digging into WebKit ’s source , including touching all platforms .
With the help of WebKit developers I eventually added support for viewing all cookie information ( secure , httpOnly , etc ) and deleting cookies for the Mac .
All other platforms were able to display basic cookie information available through document .
cookie .
Another developer , bweinstein , just recently landed some really great improvements !
He added support for Windows , separated cookies out per domain , and enabled resizable grid columns .
Really great work .
Event Listeners
Not having the ability to enumerate the Event Listeners via JavaScript has plagued me , and most likely plenty of other developers , for a very long time .
This made viewing Event Listeners an excellent candidate for an Inspector feature .
The implementation as it stands now has some great functionality .
There is a new sidebar pane when you inspect an element in the Elements Tree Hierarchy .
If the current Node has registered event listeners there is a separate section for each type of event registered ( click , mouseover , etc ) .
Within each of these lists is a display of all of the event listeners in the entire event flow for that type .
That means you see all the Capturing Event Listeners followed by the Bubbling Event Listeners in the exact order that they execute and on which nodes they are registered .
A few filters will let you customize the list to focus on the entire event flow or just the selected node .
This is still a very new feature , one that Firebug does n’t even have yet .
So we are looking for UI improvements and idea on how to improve the feature , but its certainly a cool feature !
JSON Syntax Highlighting
JSON is merely a subset of JavaScript but it was n’t getting highlighted !
A few lines later , the inspector now syntax highlights JSON just like JavaScript .
CSS Syntax Highlighting
The JavaScript syntax highlighter has helped me hundreds of times .
Now , hopefully the CSS syntax highlighter will do the same !
The colors are very close to Dashcode , they look great , and there is even support for some of the rather complex @import , @media , @font - face , and @variables CSS syntaxes .
Hey , as a birthday gift to myself what could be better then adding some serious styling to those black and white stylesheets ?
I know what you ’re thinking … nothing could be better .
Well you ’re almost right !
With some of the refactoring I did bweinstein was able to apply syntax highlighting to the Elements Tree Hierarchy and got some seriously awesome results .
Now the inline scripts and styles are syntax highlighted !
These are some really awesome improvements that make working with the Inspector ever more friendly .
To start using any of these features you will need to download the WebKit nightly .
Most people think that the nightly overrides their current Safari app .
This is not true .
The nightly binary is a separate application from Safari , named WebKit .
If you just want to try out some of these features you can download the Nightly , and then move it to your trash when you ’re done playing with it .
No harm , no foul .
These are not nearly all of the new features in the Web Inspector .
These are just the ones that I worked on and contributed to .
To name some other features there are Scope Bars for the Console and Resources Panel , the ability to view Request and Response HTTP Parameters for Resources ( great for debugging AJAX ) , Resource Status Code indicators , complete Serialization between the inspected page and the inspector , and more .
If you want to contribute feel free to stop by #webkit on Freenode .
My handle is JoePeck and I ’d be glad to help you out !
Rani Sati mandir is one of the most famous & rich temples in Rajasthan .
It is situated in the town of Jhunjhunu within shekhawati region .
It has a history of more than 400 years and is a testimony to feminine bravery and spirit which certainly captures the attention of many tourists .
This temple is also famous for its magnanimous and rare paintings .
It is also one of the oldest existing Indian pilgrimages which has a known history behind it .
A special Pujanutsav ( festival of prayers ) is held on the occasion of Bhado Amavasya ( no moon day ) .
This day the temple is crowded with devotees in huge number .
People from all over the country visit this place to offer their puja ( prayers ) to Goddess Rani Sati Devi .
The most remarkable feature of this famous temple is that it does not hold any painting or statue of either female or male gods .
Instead a trident depicting power and force is worshipped religiously by the followers .
However one can surely find a beautiful portrait of Rani Sati Devi in the pradhan mand .
The temple consists of colorful wall paintings and is structured with white marbles .
In the complex of Rani Sati temple there is also Hanuman Temple , Sita Temple , Ganesha Temple and Lord Shiva Temple .
The regular ‘ prasad ’ distribution takes place after every ‘ aarti ’ .
There are also arrangements made for the meals in day time on payment basis .
The temple is situated within city limit of Jhunjhunu .
It is beautiful and intricately crafted , not to forget the golden pot at the top of the temple .
History of Rani Sati Temple
It is the firm belief of Marwaris from Rajasthan that Rani Sati is an avatar of Maa Durga .
The Marwari society of Rajasthan as well as from all other part of the country worship Rani Sati dadi daily in their houses .
The history of Rani Sati starts from the time of Mahabharata .
It is believed that Rani Sati was Utera , wife of Abhimanyu ( son of Arjun ) .
When Abhimanyu was killed in the battlefield , Utera decided to be Sati along with Abhimanyu ’s funeral .
However amidst all this Lord Krishna came to her rescue and pursued her against her decision .
He also granted her wish of being married to Abhimanyu and her desire to be sati in her next life .
As granted by Lord Krishna , in her next life she was born as the daughter of Gursamal in the village of Thukaye in Rajasthan .
She was named – Narayani .
Abhimanyu took birth in Hissar as son of Jaliram and named – Thandhan .
Thandan and Narayani got married and were leading a peaceful life .
He was in possession of a beautiful horse which was being eyed by the son of king of Hissar from quite some time .
Thandan refused to hand over his precious horse to the king ’s son .
The king ’s son then decides to forcefully acquire the horse and thus challenges Thandan for a combat .
However Thandan fights the battle bravely and kills the King ’s son instead .
The enraged king thus kills Thandan in front of Narayani in the battle .
Narayani symbolic to female bravery and power fights with the king and kills him .
She then commanded Ranaji ( the caretaker of the horse ) to make immediate arrangements for her to be set a blazed along with her husband ’s cremation .
Ranaji playing a vital role in fulfilling her wish to be sati with her husband is then blessed by Narayani that his name will be taken and worshiped along with her name and since then she is known as Rani Sati .
Beliefs of Temple
The Rani Sati Temple in Jhunjhunu is administered by Marwari Temple Board from Calcutta .
It is one of the wealthiest Temple trust in India .
It is said that earning of this temple amounts little low from that of Tirupati Balaji Temple in south India .
There are many organizations that have made numerous efforts for the sati puja to be banned .
They perceive the practice and devotion of people to such number of Sati temples across India as the spreading and affirmation of Sati Pratha .
To a certain extent it may be considered as a threat to people still living in the ancient era .
However one can also not ignore the profits made by Sati Temple , through these devotees , which in turn has proved quite beneficial for the progress of natives .
This Articles published here on aapnodesh.com is for education and Informational purpose .
We do not support any of the old social rituals such as “ Sati Pratha ” which are not permitted by Indian Government .
Interview with Judson Hemperley who served as a medic in World War II in the 406th Infantry Regiment , 102nd Infantry Division .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A Dallas woman who was ticketed for being a non-English - speaking driver is calling for an internal investigation .
Ernestina Mondragon was pulled over Oct. 2 on a traffic stop and cited for not speaking English in addition to two other traffic violations .
Mondragon and her attorney said Sunday that they are filing a complaint with the Dallas Police Department .
" I do not understand how a police officer can give a citation for an offense that does n't exist on paper , " said Domingo Garcia , Mondragon 's attorney .
Chief David Kunkle said last week that the officer , a rookie under supervised training , misapplied a federal law when citing Mondragon .
He said the department 's computer system for citations includes the law , which requires drivers of commercial vehicles to speak English .
Mondragon's " no - English " ticket was later dismissed in court .
The department said more than three dozen other citations for not speaking English have been issued by at least six officers .
Kunkle said the officers and their commanders are under investigation .
Folks , this is one of those moments we here at Exiled Online have been waiting for all year long : finally , someone found a way to shake up Betsy McCaughey , an American traitor whom I warned you about in early February as someone willing to kill Americans by the thousands in order to enrich herself and her Park Avenue friends .
Since then , Betsy McCaughey invented the “ death panels ” lie to help kill health care all over again : the Daily Beast labeled her “ The Woman Who Killed Health Care , ” while Jon Stewart was half - thwarted in his on - air attempt to Cramerize her .
It seemed that no one could take the beast down .
Enter Dylan Ratigan , host of the MSNBC Morning Meeting Show , the R.P. MacMurphy who took down Nurse McCaughey in the Cuckoo ’s Nest of American health care we find ourselves stuck in .
You have to watch the entire segment here , to the transformation on McCaughey ’s face as it goes from the smug , self - confidence of a top Heather into a scary - looking , vicious snarl , her mouth tightened , her teeth clenched , as McCaughey faces her first ever live - television shaming .
It ’s almost like a Joe McCarthy shaming moment , something I never thought I ’d see , and folks , enjoy it , because damn it ’s inspiring to know that even one of the plutocracy ’s best shills can be rattled and broken .
According to even the rightwing Politico site ,
As McCaughey ’s presence on MSNBC suggests , she ’s in the process of becomng an asset to the left , as her appearances seem to spur debate mostly about her — and by extension her allies — credibility .
I ’m told it got even more bitter after the cameras turned off .
“ You are a disgrace to journalism , ” McCaughey told Ratigan , according to a source on the set .
“ You were a great guest , except that we usually want answers to our questions , ” he responded .
And that , folks , is how you do battle with a creature like McCaughey .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
You can reach him at ames@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover & buy the book !
OK , that ’s it , I ’m calling shenanigans .
We ’ve witnessed MTV stop really caring about music , VH1 abandon video hits , A&E decide to have nothing to do with Arts or ( arguably ) Entertainment , and TLC race as far and as fast as it can from programming that could cause anyone to actually learn anything .
But this was the final straw :
The Weather Channel announced today that it will air feature - length movies on Friday nights starting Oct. 30 .
Yes , that ’s right : The .
WEATHER .
Channel .
Granted , the first movie on the docket , The Perfect Storm , is relatively appropriate , but then we ’re gonna get March of the Penguins , Misery , and , I kid you not , Deep Blue Sea .
All airing on the channel you go to when you want to know the weather .
Worse yet , the network will still air the weekend forecast six times an hour during said movie , which is kind of like tuning into ESPN to watch Forrest Gump ( there ’s running ! ) with occasional updates on the big games .
No. Wrong .
SHENANIGANS .
Tell me , PopWatchers , am I crazy ?
Are you really eager to flip on your TV sets to catch Twister or Hard Rain edited for time , content , and alerts every ten minutes on actual tornadoes and thunderstorms ?
Or do we all agree to take a stand , here and now , against so many of our beloved basic cable networks all congealing into variations on two basic themes :
The Movie and TV Rerun Network or The Deeply Depressing Cheap -o Reality TV Network ?
Who ’s with me ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Corporate balance sheets may be showing signs of the wear and tear from the prolonged U.S. recession as accounting irregularities are starting to surface at growing numbers of U.S. companies .
The headquarters of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) are seen in Washington , July 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Bourg
“ When things get difficult companies tend to stretch even further and utilize whatever games that they can get away with and sometimes they do n’t get away with them , ” David Tice , chief portfolio strategist for bear markets at Federated Investors , said in an interview with Reuters television on Wednesday .
Accounting irregularities are increasingly showing up in U.S. regulatory filings and corporate announcements .
Shares of Apollo Group Inc APOL.O sank 18 percent on Wednesday after the parent of University of Phoenix said the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had launched an informal inquiry into its revenue recognition practices .
Apollo is just one of several big name companies that have disclosed they have accounting issues over the last few weeks .
Internet retailer Overstock.com OSTK .O said last month that it was under scrutiny from government regulators over the way it accounted for some expenses .
The company restated financial results in 2006 and 2008 .
New York Sports Clubs owner Town Sports International Holdings Inc CLUB.
O said last month that the SEC was formally investigating its deferral of certain payroll costs related to membership sales .
And jewelry chain Zale Corp ZLC.N said it will report fourth - quarter financial results on Thursday , after it twice - delayed its earnings results due to an accounting review of prepaid advertising costs .
“ Statistically you can show any time you have a recession or some type of tremendous decline in an economy you ’re going to see financial pressures on companies , ” said Bruce Dorris , program director at the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners , noting that corporate employees can sometimes be motivated to be overly aggressive with accounting or commit outright fraud to meet targets , particularly in difficult economic times .
“ If revenues start to dry up in other areas that they could use to mask it , it makes it much more difficult , ” Dorris said , adding that corporate frauds can unravel in a recession in the same way that Ponzi schemes like Bernard Madoff ’s become impossible to keep going .
“ The recession exacerbates the issue and makes it harder for them to control , ” Dorris added .
Nearly a third of corporate executives have expected that fraud and misconduct would rise in their organizations this year , according to a survey from accounting firm KPMG KPMG.UL in August .
The most common causes of financial restatements are related to costs , expenses and revenue recognition problems , according to the Government Accountability Office .
Investors , however , often have little notice that anything is wrong , and disclosures of investigations can have a minimal impact on stock prices until investors truly know what has happened .
Shares of Overstock , Zale and Town Sports are all trading above where they were when the companies first disclosed these issues .
However , shares of Huron Consulting HURN.O , which said in August that an SEC inquiry into the company 's accounting resulted in restatements of three years of results and a withdrawal of its earnings forecast , is still trading about 40 percent below its earlier level .
Investors may expect to see more accounting - related disclosures from corporations ahead , experts said .
One reason that more accounting issues are surfacing now , could be because it is nearing the end of the year and companies and their auditors are trying to close out the books , said David Grubb , a partner at accounting firm Plante & Moran .
“ At the end of the year they ( the auditors ) do a hard close and everything ’s cut off , everything ’s scrubbed , ” Grubb said .
Some companies may have also been forced to cut back on finance support staff during the economic downturn , which can lead to errors , Grubb said .
Regulators at the SEC and other government watchdogs could also be causing an increase in fraud detection , as they have been more focused on investigating tips and sharpening their fraud detection skills after their failure to detect Madoff ’s scheme , Dorris said .
Tice said that he also expects to see more accounting issues surface at U.S. companies in the months ahead , partially because the motivation is still so great for companies to play games with their numbers .
“ Unfortunately , there ’s still a great deal of latitude inside generally accepted accounting principles and companies -- because there ’s so much at stake -- will grasp at whatever straws they can in order to post as good numbers as they can , ” said Tice , who has been known for turning up accounting troubles at companies in his career as a short seller .
US college tuition skyrockets
By Tom Eley
22 October 2009
The economic recovery touted by the Obama administration — and celebrated on Wall Street with record salaries for top bankers — is not being shared by the nation ’s college students and their families .
A new study by the College Board shows that tuition for the 2009 - 2010 academic year increased at US public colleges by 6.5 percent on average to $ 7,020 , following a virtually identical increase last year of 6.4 percent .
If room and board are added the average cost is $ 15,193 .
At private colleges tuition jumped by 4.4 percent , to $ 26,273 , or $ 35,636 with room and board .
At community colleges it also increased by 1.6 percent to $ 14,285 , all costs included .
Tuition costs grew far more rapidly than inflation over the same period , which actually declined by 2.1 percent in the twelve months following July 2008 , based on the consumer price index .
In fact the cost of attending public universities has been outpacing inflation for many years , with the average annual tuition increase at public universities during the “ boom years ” of the 1990s more than 4 percent , and from 2000 on about 5 percent per year .
Wages , meanwhile , have stagnated for decades , when adjusted for inflation , and have actually declined outright this year .
“ The struggle of families to pay for college is largely attributed to rising prices , but also to the fact that incomes are simply stagnating , ” said Sandy Baum , a policy analyst with the College Board .
“ Families are facing these prices with incomes that are not making any progress at all . ”
Public schools have seen their funding from state governments slashed across the country , a result of the economic crisis that erupted a year ago .
Administrators and trustees have responded by reducing staff , increasing class sizes , and , most of all , increasing tuition .
In the states of Washington , Florida , and New York , tuition has been increased this year by more than 15 percent .
As a direct consequence of the fiscal collapse in the state of California , the state university system has increased its tuition by one third , while the University of California has increased it by about 8 percent and will enact a much larger tuition hike by next fall .
On September 24 , about 5,000 students , professors , and university workers rallied against furloughs , wage cuts , and tuition increases at the University of California , Berkeley .
Most professors did not teach that day , and pickets were organized .
( See “ California students and faculty denounce education cuts ” )
In Arizona , tuition has increased by as much as 24 percent .
Arizona State University junior Sarah Atwill told the Arizona Republic that , as a result , she is forced to work 40 hours per week rather than 15 .
“ It ’s dramatically impacted my life , ” the 19 - year - old history major said .
In Kansas , public tuition increased by 8.3 percent after state lawmakers slashed funding to the university system by $ 63 million .
In Pennsylvania , it increased by 4.6 percent to nearly $ 11,000 , making the state ’s public colleges the fourth most expensive in the country .
In Virginia , the increase has been close to 5 percent , in Michigan as high as 9 percent .
This has been the case in virtually every state .
Private colleges have not escaped the crisis .
Endowments , often heavily invested in the stock market , have eroded sharply , among them those of Harvard , Yale , and Princeton .
Stanford University ’s investment group , Stanford Management , lost some $ 4.6 billion of the school ’s endowment in bad bets on private equity and real estate .
“ Once you get past budget cuts such as program reduction , layoffs and furloughs — the order of the day at just about every institution — you ’re really only left with tuition , ” said Terry Hartle of the American Council on Education .
“ That is acting as a fiscal balance wheel at many institutions , making up the difference between lost revenue from other sources and the funding they ca n’t come up with . ”
The College Board study also revealed that two thirds of those graduating with bachelor degrees in 2007 and 2008 graduated with a median debt load of $ 20,000 .
These debts must be repaid as students enter the worst job market for college graduates in decades .
And while national borrowing to pay for school increased by 5 percent , almost all of the increase took place in government loans — especially unsubsidized Stafford loans .
Private lenders have vacated the market or have tightened lending standards to students .
As a result total private loans fell from $ 24 billion in 2007 - 2008 to under $ 12 billion last year .
“ The private loan capital for higher education may well be drying up , ” said Hartle of the American Council on Education .
“ This is intriguing because it seems like a fundamental shift . ”
The Obama administration responded with indifference towards the news that working class and middle class families are facing impossible higher education costs .
The White House issued no response to the College Board report .
The administration ’s assistance has been limited to a modest allocation for per student increases of federal Pell Grants .
Cuts to college funding have been carried out by Democrats and Republicans alike .
These funding cuts have been translated into tuition increases by politically - appointed boards of trustees and college presidents who are remunerated in the hundreds of thousands .
From within official quarters and established politics — including the so - called trade unions — there is no opposition to the assault on college education .
As they take the axe to spending on education and social programs , and lay off workers , everywhere the politicians proclaim “ there is not enough money . ”
This is a lie .
If the states have no money , it is the result of definite policies and social priorities that place the profits of big businesses and the personal fortunes of the rich above social needs , including higher education .
This is most transparent in the case of the federal government , which under the Obama administration has handed over trillions of dollars in cash infusions , loans , and debt guarantees to the biggest financial concerns .
Now these banks , whose reckless speculation triggered the economic collapse , are reaping windfall profits .
To student readers of the World Socialist Web Site , we encourage you to contact us and to build chapters of the International Students for Social Equality in your colleges and high schools .
THE Government has embarked on a strategy to communicate to public sector workers the need for them to accept across - the - board pay cuts of up to 10 per cent .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen entered the debate in a meaningful way for the first time yesterday , when he emphatically disagreed with a call by the general - secretary of Ictu , Mr David Begg , to reduce the impact by spreading spending cuts over a longer period of time .
Mr Cowen told the Sunday Independent that there was " no sense in delaying " and that there was " no gain in putting off hard decisions " .
He said " the time has come " and added that the Government had to " act now " .
While the Taoiseach said that " fairness was the key " , he also warned that " no economic or social interest " could claim exemption from what he called " this national effort " .
He added : " I need people 's support for this ... I do n't want another 1980s . "
With discussions on Nama and the new Programme for Government effectively concluded , the Cabinet last week turned its full attention to the December Budget , which will be the most severe in living memory .
At that meeting it agreed on a strategy to communicate in advance to the public , but particularly to public sector workers , the necessity to implement tough decisions to reduce a budget deficit of around € 25bn .
The public sector pay and pensions bill now runs at around € 20bn a year .
In what was clearly an initiative to show that the Cabinet was itself prepared to " share the pain " , it has emerged that ministers have agreed to further cuts in their own pay .
Some reports suggest that ministers ' pay will be cut by 20 per cent , but the Sunday Independent understands that ministers face a further cut of between 10 and 15 per cent , bringing to just over 37 per cent the reduction in their pay and pensions in almost two years .
After last week 's Cabinet meeting , Finance Minister Brian Lenihan delivered a speech to the Dublin Chamber of Commerce reiterating his belief that scope for further tax increases was non-existent , other than the imposition of a new carbon tax .
Mr Lenihan was supported by the leader of the Green Party , Environment Minister John Gormley , and Health Minister Mary Harney .
Ms Harney warned , for the first time , that Ireland could be forced to go to the International Monetary Fund for help if the country did not implement the necessary cuts in the December Budget .
Now Mr Cowen has also moved to explain why he believes the Government must take radical steps , and he also publicly disagreed with Mr Begg 's assertion that cuts of up to €4bn this year , next year and the year after should be spread beyond 2013 to 2017 .
Former Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald yesterday said the Government 's " fiscal options " were narrowing and that calls to postpone cuts ignored the harsh reality .
Mr Cowen told the Sunday Independent : " Failure to act in this Budget would just delay our problems .
I am confident that , if we take the right decisions , we can recover quicker .
There is no sense in delaying the adjustment .
" The Government and indeed every member of the Dail has an obligation to act responsibly in the interest of the nation .
We will do this .
" We have a clear choice coming to the Budget -- pay now or pay much more later .
The Government and I feel the responsible thing to do is to make the adjustments now and move on in a more sustainable way .
" Growth will return quicker and be more sustainable if we attack the deficit head on .
Everything we know about economics confirms this .
" No economic or social interest can claim exemption from this national effort .
We all have our part to play .
" There comes a time when you can't continue to borrow at the rates we are doing .
That time has come .
This Government is acting in the long term interest of the country by confronting the reality we face . "
Mr Cowen offered what he called " one simple example . "
He said the national debt had doubled in the past two years to € 76bn .
If no action was taken , this figure would double again to € 160bn by 2013 and our annual interest bill would be € 10bn .
Sunday Independent
After a chance encounter at a theater , two men , Benigno and Marco , meet at a private clinic where Benigno works .
Lydia , Marco 's girlfriend and a bullfighter by profession , has been gored and is in a coma .
It so happens that Benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , Alicia , a young ballet student .
The lives of the four characters will flow in all directions , past , present and future , dragging all of them towards an unsuspected destiny .
Written by Anonymous
Michael Moore took to Twitter early this morning to report his first network cancellation in his tour to promote his controversial new film , Capitalism : A Love Story :
Michael Moore on Twitter : “ Backlash Begins : CBS has cancelled ( sic ) me on its Mon. morning show .
After I criticized ABC / Disney on GMA , they did n’t want me to do same to CBS . ”
CBS , however , says he was never booked on the show .
Background : Moore was on ABC ’s Good Morning America last week and called out ABC ’s practice of hiring “ permalancers ” — permanent freelancers who are essentially full - time workers but are on contract rather than salary , which means they do n’t get any of the benefits normally extended to employees .
Here ’s what Moore said , on the air :
“ People backstage here — they do n’t get to be real employees here because they do n’t get the benefits , so they ’re freelancers … and I said ‘ Guy , I was here two years ago , you were a freelancer , what are you doing here ? ’ — right backstage here at ABC — he said , ‘ We call ourselves permalancers now . ’
They do n’t get to share in just the basic benefits that an employee used to have who worked here .
What ’s wrong with that ?
What is wrong with just giving people basic things for their hard work ? ”
ABC ’s Chris Cuomo handled it smoothly , responding “ You demonstrate the question very well in the new movie and you do it in lots of ways .
People will get where you ’re coming from . ”
No biggie , right ?
Maybe .
Here ’s the statement from a CBS spokesperson : “ Michael Moore was never booked on The Early Show . ”
Full stop .
So why did Moore tweet that then ?
We reached out to a publicist from Overture Films , the distributor for Capitalism and here ’s what we were told : Moore was not “ confirmed ” on the Early Show per se , but the Overture publicists had been in ongoing talks with the CBS Early Show bookers to have him on , as schedules evolved and dates moved around .
On Wedensday , Moore did GMA ; on Friday , the Overture pubicists contacted the CBS bookers to confirm for Monday , a date which had been previously settled upon .
It was then that CBS said they no longer wanted to have Moore on .
“ I can accurately say that the bookers who book the show have definitely been in discussion with us to have him on the show , ” said the Overture rep .
“ When we attempted to confirm the booking they said they did n’t want to follow GMA . ”
The Overture rep declined to give me the name of the bookers involved , but said that there had never been any mention about not wanting to follow GMA , nor had there been any discussion of morning show exclusivity .
So : Was Moore “ canceled ” from a booking that was never “ confirmed ? ”
And was the reason “ not wanting to follow GMA ” or not wanting to get grilled on - air about CBS permalancers ?
“ I think CBS Early show is great , I wish them well but I think theyr’e missing the bigger picture here , which is Michael ’s a great guest , ” said the Overture rep .
“ Whether you agree with Michael Moore ’s politics or not , he ’s great TV . ”
It does seem strange to ix - nay a newsmaker while he ’s in the midst of making news , and after a successful opening weekend ; then again , Moore had his week of making the rounds , and CBS could legitimately think he ’s played out .
Whom you believe on this will probably come down to if you like Michael Moore or not .
But for the record , my take on the answer to the question in the headline is : Yes .
This post has been edited and changed numerous times today , as various pieces of the story trickled in .
We ’re sticking with this one .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Not cool , President Obama .
Not cool at all .
The Obama administration has approved the sale of timber from the Tongass National Forest in Alaska .
The 17 - million acre forest is the largest stand of continuous temperate rainforest in the U.S. and contains a lot of old - growth trees .
It 's basically a snapshot of what the world looked like before we rolled onto the scene .
The U.S. Forest Service gave the green light for the sale after approval from Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack , who stated in May that he would be the final gatekeeper on all decisions to sell timber from roadless ares of the national forests .
This first sale will come after seven miles of roads are built for the 381 - acre clear - cut .
This makes
Hulk mad .
Vilsack said the main reason he approved the sale was to provide jobs to the area .
Here 's a radical idea :
Those loggers should get new jobs not involving cutting down old - growth trees .
Jobs should not trump mountains , nor should they trump the last great stand of old - growth temperate rain forest left in this great nation of ours .
Instead of spending the millions of dollars the federal government intends to pour into road construction to clear cut the area , how about giving the loggers job buyouts so they can find a new career with some scratch in their pockets ?
You can donate money to the NRDC to help the fight to keep Tongass safe if you want to get active with your pocketbook .
Before its portfolio of bad loans helped trigger the housing crisis , mortgage giant Freddie Mac was the focus of a major accounting scandal that led to a management shake - up , huge fines and scalding condemnation of passive directors .
One of those board members was Rahm Emanuel , now chief of staff to President Obama .
Emanuel earned at least $ 320,000 for his 14 - month stint at Freddie Mac .
Emanuel plays a critical role in addressing the nation ’s mortgage woes and fulfilling the administration ’s pledge to impose responsibility on the financial world -- the type of responsibility that appeared to be absent at Freddie Mac .
Emanuel , 49 , is a veteran Democratic strategist and fundraiser who served three terms in the U.S. House after helping elect President Clinton and serving as his White House political director .
The Freddie Mac money was part of $ 16 million that Emanuel earned in three years as an investment banker a decade ago .
Advertisement
Clinton appointed him to the Freddie Mac board in February 2000 .
The board met no more than six times a year .
Unlike most directors , Emanuel was not assigned to any of the board ’s working committees , according to company proxy statements .
A spokeswoman for Emanuel disputed that .
Emanuel and other new directors qualified for more than $ 300,000 in stock and options plus a $ 20,000 annual fee , records indicate .
During Emanuel ’s stint on the board , Freddie Mac executives told the board of a plan to use accounting techniques to maximize profits that the government - chartered firm was reaping from risky investments , a 2003 investigative report found .
Advertisement
The report by Armando Falcon Jr. , director of the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight , found that the goal was to shift earnings into the future , ensuring that Freddie Mac would appear profitable for years .
Falcon noted that this action boosted executives ’ subsequent annual bonuses .
Falcon criticized the board for its acquiescence , saying it “ became complacent ” and “ failed to make adequate inquiries of management and obtain sufficient information upon which to make decisions . ”
His criticism was little noticed at the time .
The ensuing scandal forced Freddie Mac to restate $ 5 billion in earnings and pay $ 585 million in fines and legal settlements .
Many of those same risky investment practices eventually brought the firm to the brink of insolvency and led to its seizure last year .
The Bush administration pledged to inject up to $ 100 billion to keep the firm afloat , and the Obama administration has doubled that commitment .
Advertisement
Freddie Mac reported recently that it lost $ 50 billion in 2008 .
So far it has tapped $ 14 billion of the government ’s guarantee and said it soon would need an additional $ 30 billion to keep operating .
Like its larger government - chartered cousin , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac was created by Congress to promote home ownership , though both are private corporations with shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange .
The two firms hold stakes in half the nation ’s residential mortgages .
Because of Freddie ’s federal charter , the board in Emanuel ’s day was a hybrid of directors elected by shareholders and those appointed by the president .
In his final year in office , Clinton tapped three pals : Emanuel , Washington lobbyist James Free and Harold Ickes , a former White House aide instrumental in Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s initial Senate campaign .
Free ’s appointment was for four months and Ickes ’ for three months .
Advertisement
Falcon found that presidential appointees played no “ meaningful role ” in overseeing the company and recommended that their positions be eliminated .
Former President George W. Bush voluntarily stopped making such appointments after Falcon ’s assessment of their uselessness .
John Coffee , a law professor and expert on corporate governance at Columbia University , said the financial crisis at Freddie Mac was years in the making and fueled by chronically weak oversight by the directors .
The presence of presidential appointees on the board did n’t help , he added .
“ You know there was a patronage system , and these people were only going to serve a short time , ” Coffee said .
“ That ’s why [ they ] get the stock up front . ”
Advertisement
Financial disclosure statements that are required of U.S. House members show Emanuel made at least $ 320,000 from his time at Freddie Mac .
Two years after leaving the firm , Emanuel reported an additional sale of Freddie stock worth between $ 100,001 and $ 250,000 .
Sarah Feinberg , a spokeswoman for Emanuel , said there was no conflict between his stint at Freddie Mac and Obama ’s vow to restore confidence in financial institutions and the executives who run them .
At the same time , Feinberg said , Emanuel now agrees that presidential appointees to the Freddie Mac board “ are unnecessary and do n’t have long enough terms to make a difference . ”
In an interview , Falcon said that the Freddie board did most of its work in committees .
Proxy statements that detailed committee assignments showed none for Emanuel , Free or Ickes during the time they served in 2000 or 2001 .
Most other directors carried two committee assignments each .
But Feinberg said she believed Emanuel served on committees that oversaw Freddie Mac ’s investment strategies and mortgage purchase activities .
She acknowledged she had no documents to back up that assertion .
Advertisement
The Obama administration rejected a Tribune request under the Freedom of Information Act to review Freddie Mac board minutes and correspondence during Emanuel ’s time as a director .
The documents , obtained by Falcon for his investigation , were “ commercial information ” exempt from disclosure , according to a lawyer for the Federal Housing Finance Agency .
Emanuel ’s board term expired in May 2001 , and soon after he launched his congressional bid .
He joined the House in January 2003 and was named to the Financial Services Committee , where he also sat on the subcommittee that oversaw Freddie Mac .
A few months later , longtime Chief Executive Leland Brendsel was forced out and the committee and subcommittee launched hearings to sort out the situation .
Emanuel skipped every hearing , congressional records indicate .
Feinberg said Emanuel recused himself “ from deliberations related to Freddie Mac to avoid even the appearance of favoritism , impropriety , or a conflict of interest . ”
--
Advertisement
bsecter@tribune.com
azajac@tribune.com
Scientists have identified a gene they believe plays a major role in more than half of all breast cancers and a significant portion of other tumours .
The gene , which helps to stop cancer cells in their tracks , came to light after researchers noticed it was missing from tissues that had been removed from breast cancers for testing .
The lack of the gene has also been implicated in half of all cases of colon and prostate cancer , and a quarter of ovarian and bladder tumours .
Cancer charities described the discovery as a " major step forward " that could open up new ways to screen for and treat the disease .
Paul Edwards , a molecular biologist at Cambridge University , said the discovery could be the most important cancer - suppressing gene of the past 20 years .
" This is a gene lost in a quarter to a half of common cancers , so it is clearly playing a really important role , " Edwards said .
Scientists have long known that cancerous tissues are often missing fragments of chromosomes , the tightly coiled packages of DNA that carry our genes .
Edwards and his colleagues looked at tissues from 54 breast tumours and found part of chromosome 8 was missing in more than half of them .
After cross-checking against the Human Genome Project they were able to identify a gene called NRG1 that was lost .
" In every case we looked at where a big chunk of chromosome 8 had been lost , at least part of the gene was lost , " said Edwards , whose research is published in the journal Oncogene .
When the gene is missing , healthy tissues lose their ability to guard against cancer cells , he said .
Researchers are still working out how chromosomes become broken in the first place , but by identifying the gene , they hope to develop new ways of screening people who are susceptible to cancer and possibly even finding new treatments .
Further experiments showed that blocking the effect of NRG1 in healthy breast cells made them divide more quickly .
The research was funded by Breast Cancer Campaign and Cancer Research UK .
The discovery of NRG1 is thought to be the most significant step forward in the field since another gene , p53 , was discovered in the 1970s and found to be implicated in cancers in the late 1980s .
The gene was the first " tumour suppressor " gene found in cells and is known to be faulty or inactivated in many types of the disease .
" Knowing the identity of this gene will lead to far more detailed studies of how it works and how it is involved in breast cancer development , " said Arlene Wilkie , director of research and policy at Breast Cancer Campaign .
" In the UK , 12,000 women die from this disease every year , so it is vital we understand how breast cancer develops in order to stop it happening . "
Lesley Walker , director of cancer information at Cancer Research UK , said : " This discovery is an important step forward in understanding a disease that more than 45,500 women are diagnosed with in the UK each year .
More research is now needed to understand how this ' guard ' gene is silenced and how exactly this influences the development of cancer .
It might then be possible to develop ways to bypass the gene or target treatments to the defect , " she added .
While the economic downturn has sent unemployment rates skyrocketing , it appears the recession has had a particularly devastating impact on the jobless rate among Canada 's youth , a new report has found .
According to Canada 's Vital Signs 2009 , a quality - of - life report card from the Community Foundations of Canada , youth unemployment rose from 10.7 per cent in January of 2008 to 16.3 per cent by this summer .
And as of August 2009 , youth employment rates were falling faster than among any other age group .
Particularly alarming , the report said , was the severe downturn in the summer job market for youths .
The unemployment rate among students who were hoping to land a summer job was 19.2 per cent .
Those who did find jobs worked an average of 23.4 hours per week , the lowest average in more than three decades .
Community Foundations of Canada president Monica Patten said that while Canadians had been told all summer about difficulties youths were having entering the job market , the figures were higher than expected .
" We need to be very concerned about ( 16.3 per cent unemployment ) , obviously first and foremost for the young people themselves , " Patten told Canada AM Tuesday in an interview from Ottawa .
" But this stat and a number of others ... they talk to us about what we need to anticipate and be ready for in our communities . "
The report , which was released Tuesday alongside 16 local Vital Signs reports from communities across the country , also contains sobering statistics about high school completion rates among Aboriginal students .
According to the data , the high school completion rate among Aboriginal students was 56.3 per cent in 2006 , while the completion rate among the non-Aboriginal population was 76.9 per cent .
Among Aboriginal students living on reserves , the high school completion rate was even lower , 40.5 per cent .
The rate was 39.3 per cent for Aboriginal students in Nunavut .
Other findings include data that show the gap widening between the rich and poor in Canada .
In 1980 , the report says , a family in the 90th percentile of income distribution in Canada earned 15 times more than a family in the 10th percentile .
By 2000 , a family in the 90th percentile earned 32 times as much as a family in the 10th percentile .
Patten said she hopes the data raises awareness among Canadians of issues plaguing their communities , and leads to action from average families to charitable groups to policy makers .
" These are very complex issues that we have raised and that are being raised locally , " Patten said .
" And so it will take all of those kinds of interventions and many , many more before we can begin to resolve some of these very pressing matters . "
Ever wish the flat touch screen buttons on your phone felt more like physical buttons ?
Chris Harrison and Prof. Scott Hudson at Carnegie Mellon have developed a simple technology that turns touch screen buttons into physical buttons by using pneumatics .
The technology consists of a flexible surface area with a hard backing that acts as a mask for the button shapes .
An air chamber behind the backing can be pressurized or depressurized using pneumatic technology , in this case fan - based pumps .
When positive pressure is applied , the buttons pop out .
When the pressure is neutral , the screen is flat .
When negative pressure is applied , the buttons pop inwards .
Images are displayed on the surface using a projector behind the device , turning the surface into a display screen .
Button presses are detected using an infra-red camera pointed at the front of the screen that detects reflections of light from a fingernail .
When your fingernail gets close to the screen , a button press is recorded .
This technology cannot easily distinguish between a finger touching the screen and one merely close to the screen , so a press is not recorded until the finger presses down on the surface and causes a detectable change in pressure in the air chamber .
It is also possible to have the positive and negative forms take different shapes .
Additional parts are added to the mask , except these parts have no adhesive holding the latex down .
When positive pressure is applied , only the mask parts with adhesive are effective .
When negative pressure is applied , all the mask parts are effective .
See this excellent video demonstration .
Applications
Instead of pressing images that look like buttons on your phone , this technology could allow all the dynamically drawn button images on your phone to actually pop out like real buttons .
( One change that would be needed is making touch sensing based on capacitance technology , as current touch screens do , rather than a camera aimed at the screen . )
The pop-inwards feature is also pretty cool .
You could be playing a driving game on your cell phone and have the car ’s dashboard pop inwards to appear like a real car ’s .
Or , when you displayed the stopwatch on your phone , it could be displayed like a real concave stopwatch .
Limitations
With a single air chamber , all the buttons must popped in or out at once .
However , it is straightforward to create separate air chambers , thereby allowing only certain elements of the UI to pop in or out .
An unavoidable limitation is that the mask itself is static , meaning that new shapes cannot be created dynamically .
The technology only allows controlling whether the shapes pop in , pop out , or remain flat .
Comment :
When do you think pneumatic technology like this will turn the flat touch screen buttons on our phones into physical buttons ?
2 years 5 years 10 + years Never
Email a Friend
Despite a few green shoots in the economy and a rocketing stock market , many large companies are still struggling to avoid bankruptcy .
A new report by Audit Integrity identifies some high - profile names " that have the highest probability of declaring bankruptcy among publicly traded firms . "
Which companies appear the worst off ?
We took the list and removed any company with a market cap under $ 3 billion .
We then ranked the remaining names by a simple measure of the market 's perceived bankruptcy risk - Market Cap ( MC ) divided by Enterprise Value ( EV ) .
The less MC vs. EV , the less residual shareholders ' value ( above what debt holders can claim ) the market is pricing - in for the company .
Thus a lower MC / EV means the market thinks the company is more likely to go bankrupt .
This means war ( Image : ColorBlind Images / Getty )
Victorious gamers enjoy a surge of testosterone – but only if their vanquished foe is a stranger .
When male gamers beat friends in a shoot - em - up video game , levels of the potent sex hormone plummeted .
This suggests that multiplayer video games tap into the same mechanisms as warfare , where testosterone ’s effect on aggression is advantageous .
Against a group of strangers – be it an opposing football team or an opposing army – there is little reason to hold back , so testosterone ’s effects on aggression offer an advantage .
Advertisement
“ In a serious out - group competition you can kill all your rivals and you ’re better for it , ” says David Geary , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of Missouri in Columbia , who led the study .
However , when competing against friends or relatives to establish social hierarchy , annihilation does n’t make sense .
“ You ca n’t alienate your in - group partners , because you need them , ” he says .
It ’s his hormones
Measuring these effects , however , has n’t been easy .
Victors in sporting events are known to experience a burst in testosterone – particularly if they contributed to the win .
But physical exertion also boosts testosterone , so it is hard to be sure just what causes an athlete ’s hormonal surge .
In search of a less strenuous competition that could pit people against friends and strangers , Geary and his colleague Jonathan Oxford turned to a video game called Unreal Tournament 2004 .
In the game , players armed with machine guns , rocket launchers and other weapons roam a post - apocalyptic world .
Unreal Tournament has a network - based multiplayer version called Onslaught where two bands of three players face each other in a “ capture the flag ” - type mission .
In another – Death Match – players battle each other to the death .
The researchers divided 42 male university students into 14 groups of three .
None of the students knew any other beforehand .
To create a bond between team members , the teams spent 6 hours practising together over the course of a week .
“ I ran into some of these groups , and they were pretty excited about the whole thing – they named their teams , ” Geary says .
Let battle commence
After this practice , half the teams faced off in 30 - minute Onslaught matches .
The teams played in different rooms , but they could hear each other .
A week later , individual team members played one another in the death match .
Geary and Oxford switched the order of these competitions for the other teams .
As an added incentive , the researchers gave winning teams $ 45 and losing teams just $ 15 .
Similarly , the team member who won the death matches earned $ 45 , the other two players $ 15 .
After the Onslaught matches , Geary and Oxford found that testosterone levels of the winning team members spiked immediately after the tournament , particularly among players who had contributed most to their team ’s victory .
Yet when team members played one another , the highest - ranking males tended to produce less testosterone than their defeated teammates .
John Wagner , an anthropologist at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque , says the results tally with a study of competitive domino players on the Caribbean island of Dominica that he conducted .
When men played against people in their own village , the winners ’ testosterone levels took a dive and stayed low , whereas losers ’ testosterone levels fell then rebounded .
Yet after these men played people from other villages , their testosterone levels tended to rise .
Journal reference : Evolution and Human Behavior , DOI : 10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2009.07.002
How much of time , staffing and money does your organization spend on creating incredible experiences ( vs. avoiding bad outcomes ) ?
At the hospital , it 's probably 5 % on the upside ( the doctor who puts in the stitches , say ) and 95 % on the downside ( all the avoidance of infection or lawsuits , records to keep , forms to sign ) .
Most of the people you interact with in a hospital are n't there to help you get what you came for ( to get better ) they 're there to help you avoid getting worse .
At an avant garde art show , on the other hand , perhaps 95 % of the effort goes into creating and presenting shocking ideas , with just 5 % devoted to keeping the place warm or avoiding falls and spills as you walk in .
Which is probably as it should be .
But what about you and your organization ?
As you get bigger and older , are you busy ensuring that a bad thing wo n't happen that might upset your day , or are you aggressively investing in having a remarkable thing happen that will delight or move a customer ?
A new restaurant might rely on fresh vegetables and whatever they can get at the market .
The bigger , more established fast - food chain starts shipping in processed canned food .
One is less reliable with bigger upside , the other — more dependable with less downside .
Here 's a rule that 's so inevitable that it 's almost a law :
As an organization grows and succeeds , it sows the seeds of its own demise by getting boring .
With more to lose and more people to lose it , meetings and policies become more about avoiding risk than providing joy .
Medical Malpractice
when you need someone on your side
If you have been injured or a loved one has been hurt or even killed due to the mistakes made by a medical provider , you need a lawyer to help you get the compensation you need and deserve .
If you pursue your case , you ’ll be facing a well - insured doctor , hospital , or nursing home .
You need attorneys who can stand up to those well - funded organizations on your behalf .
Jacobs & Jacobs has a long record of achieving the kinds of monetary awards that help compensate people for medical malpractice injuries .
You have no obligation to pay Jacobs & Jacobs any legal fee until you receive a monetary award in your case .
How Many People of Color Serve on Your Organization ’s Board ?
According to this press release , New York City foundations and the nonprofit organizations they support tend to have racially diverse staffs , but this diversity decreases at higher levels of seniority .
Sound familiar ?
Philanthropy New York and the Foundation Center conducted a major study this year and produced a new report called Benchmarking Diversity : A First Look at New York City Foundations and Nonprofits ( which you can download for free here ) .
The study , the first of its kind in New York and the U.S. to examine foundations and nonprofits side - by - side , “ provides a factual basis for understanding diversity in the city ’s philanthropic sector . ”
The idea is to inspire informed conversations and ultimately better progress in the diversity and leadership of these organizations .
Here are just a few key findings of the study :
Among the 95 Philanthropy New York member foundations responding to a survey , nearly half ( 48 percent ) of administrative staff members are people of color , as are 43 percent of program officers , 16 percent of chief executives , and 18 percent of board members .
Foundations with at least 25 percent people of color on their boards are more likely to have racially and ethnically diverse staffs , to have diversity policies on staffing and grantmaking , and to specifically target populations of color through their grantmaking .
Among the 540 nonprofits organizations responding , over a third identifying themselves as “ minority - led organizations ” do not have a chief executive who is a person of color , meaning that many such organizations are led by white CEOs .
( More details about findings and methodology can be found on the press release . )
So … what to do with this information ?
I had hoped to find hands - on trainings in New York where nonprofit or foundation leaders could learn how to purposefully , sensitively increase diversity within their organizations .
I did n’t find any listed on the topic for October or November at the Foundation Center .
But on October 29 , Philanthropy New York will host a briefing and discussion about the study and the president of the Foundation Center will give an introduction .
Hopefully that will be a productive space to learn more or inspire next steps .
If you know of other resources , please leave a note in the comments !
Call me crazy , but should n't the goal of hiring op - ed columnists simply to be find great writers ( preferably local for papers that are n't national like the Post or the New York Times ) who make you think .
I 'm pretty sure that casting that wide net would pull in conservatives as well as liberals .
The New York Times , in fact , with a false start or two , has done a fairly good job in getting David Brooks ( whose conservative credentials are under review after his flirtation with Obama ) and now Ross Douthat , who writes some weird stuff on sex but has been fairly readable on other topics ; certainly you 'll learn at least more from a typical Brooks column than from Maureen Dowd channeling the Beltway zeitgeist with her strained analogies , and have you noticed that some of the most pointed criticism of Obama has come from having a true liberal around in Paul Krugman ?
Here in Philly , Michael Smerconish -- who I profoundly disagree with on torture and a few other issues -- is at least a lifelong local guy who surprises and can be provocative -- but hey , it 's a lot easier and less hassle ( and cheaper , frankly ) to get Linda Chavez to recycle whatever the oil - industry funded think tanks are gushing out this week .
Celebrities and news - makers are grilled by Matthew Stadlen in exactly five minutes in a series for the BBC News website .
This week director , author and broadcaster Sir Jonathan Miller talks to Matt about not believing in pixies , his fear of suffering , his problems with the concept of an afterlife and why he thinks he is like a Grand Prix mechanic .
The Shabaab movement in Somalia controls large parts of the south and centre of the country , and because officials in this movement embrace the Wahabi ideology they have imposed their views on Somalis by force and have issued strict decrees banning films , plays , dancing at weddings , football matches and all forms of music , even the ring tones on mobile phones .
Some days ago these extremists carried out a strange operation : they arrested a Somali woman and whipped her in public because she was wearing a bra .
They announced clearly that wearing these bras was unIslamic because it is a form of fraud and deception .
We may well ask what wearing bras has to do with religion , why they would consider them to be a form of fraud and deception , and how they managed to arrest the woman wearing the bra when all Somali women go around with their bodies completely covered .
Did they appoint a special female officer to inspect the breasts of women passing by in the street ?
One Somali woman called Halima told the Reuters news agency : " Al Shabaab forced us to wear their type of veil and now they order us to shake our breasts ...
They first banned the former veil and introduced a hard fabric which stands stiffly on women 's chests .
They are now saying that breasts should be firm naturally , or just flat . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In fact this excessive interest in covering up women 's bodies is not confined to the extremists in Somalia .
In Sudan the police examine women 's clothing with extreme vigilance and arrest any woman who is wearing trousers .
They force her to make a public apology for what she has done and then they whip her in public as an example to other women .
Some weeks ago the Sudanese journalist Lubna al - Husseini insisted on wearing trousers and refused to make the public apology .
When she refused to submit to flogging she was referred to a real trial and the farce reached its climax when the judge summoned three witnesses and asked them if they had been able to detect the shape of the accused 's underwear when she was wearing the trousers .
When one of the witnesses hesitated in answering , the judge asked him directly : " Did you see Lubna 's stomach when she was wearing the trousers ? "
The witness gravely replied : " To some extent . "
Lubna said she was wearing a modest pair of trousers and that the scandalous pair she was accused of wearing would not suit her because she is plump and would need to lose 20 kilos in order to put them on .
But the judge convicted her anyway and fined her £ 500 or a month in prison .
In Egypt too , extremists continue to take an excessive interest in women 's bodies and in trying to cover them up entirely .
They not only advocate that women wear the niqab but also that they wear gloves on their hands , which they believe will ensure that no passions are aroused when men and women shake hands .
We really do face a phenomenon which deserves consideration : why are extremists so obsessed with women 's bodies ?
Some ideas might help us answer this question :
Firstly , the extremist view of women is that they are only bodies and instruments for either legitimate pleasure or temptation , as well as factories for producing children .
This view strips women of their human nature .
Accusing the Somali woman of fraud and deception because she was wearing a bra is the same charge of commercial fraud which the law holds against a merchant who conceals the defects of his goods and make false claims about their qualities in order to sell them at a higher price .
The idea here is that a woman who accentuates her breasts by using a bra gives a false impression of the goods ( her body ) , which is seen as fraud and deception of the buyer ( the man ) who might buy ( marry ) her for her ample breasts and later discover that they were ample because of the bra and not by nature .
It would be fair to remember that treating women 's bodies as commodities is not something found only in extremist ideologies but often happens in Western societies too .
The use of women 's naked bodies to market commercial products in the West is merely another application of the idea that women are commodities .
Anyone who visits the redlight district in Amsterdam can see for himself how wretched prostitutes , completely naked , are lined up behind glass windows so that passers - by can inspect their charms before agreeing on the price .
Is n't that a modern - day slave market , where women 's bodies are on sale to anyone willing to pay ?
Secondly , the extremists believe women to be the source of temptation and the prime cause of sin .
This view , which is prevalent in all primitive societies , is unfair and inhuman , because men and women commit sin together and the responsibility is shared and equal .
If a beautiful woman arouses and tempts men , then a handsome man also arouses and tempts women .
But the extremist ideology is naturally biased in favour of the man and hostile to the woman , and considers that she alone is primarily responsible for all sins .
Thirdly , being strict about covering up women 's bodies is an easy and effortless form of religious struggle .
In Egypt we see dozens of Wahabi sheikhs who enthusiastically advocate covering up women 's bodies but do not utter a single word against despotism , corruption , fraudulence or torture because they know very well that serious opposition to the despotic regime ( which should really be their first duty ) would inevitably lead to their arrest , torture and the destruction of their lives .
Their strictness on things related to women 's bodies enables them to operate as evangelists without any real costs .
Throughout human history , strictness towards women has usually been a way to conceal political abuses and real crimes .
Somalia is a wretched country in the grip of famine and chaos but officials there are distracted from that by inspecting bras .
The Sudanese regime is implicated in crimes of murder , torture and raping thousands of innocents in Darfur but that does not stop the regime from putting on trial a woman who insisted on wearing trousers .
It is women rather than men who always pay the price for despotism , corruption and religious hypocrisy .
Fourthly , the extremist ideology assumes that humans are a group of wild beasts that are completely incapable of controlling their instincts , that it is enough for a man to see a bare piece of female flesh for him to pounce on her and have intercourse .
This assumption is incorrect , because humans , unlike animals , always have the power to control their instincts by will power and ethics .
An ordinary man , if he is sane , cannot have his instincts aroused by his mother , sister , daughter or even the wife of a friend , because his sense of honour and morality transcends his desires and neutralises their effect .
So virtue will never come about though bans , repression and pursuing women in the street , but rather through giving children a good upbringing , propagating morality and refining character .
Societies which impose segregation between men and women ( as in Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia ) , according to official statistics , do not have lower rates of sexual crimes than other societies .
The rates there may even be higher .
We favour and advocate modesty for women but firstly we advocate a humane view of women , a view that respects their abilities , their wishes and their thinking .
What is really saddening is that the Wahabi extremism which is spreading throughout the world with oil money and which gives Muslims a bad image is as far as can be from the real teachings of Islam .
Anyone who reads the history of Islam fairly has to be impressed by the high status it accords to women , because from the time of the Prophet Muhammad until the fall of Andalusia , Muslim women mixed with men , were educated , worked and traded , fought and had financial responsibilities separately from their fathers or husbands .
They had the right to choose the husband they loved and the right to divorce if they wanted .
Western civilisation gave women these rights many centuries after Islam .
Finally , let me say that religious extremism is the other face of political despotism .
We can not get rid of the extremism before we end the despotism .
Democracy is the solution .
© 2009 Shorouk Newspaper ; all rights reserved
Alaa Al - Aswany 's books include ' The Yacoubian Building ' and , most recently , ' Friendly Fire '
Sniffing out life on Titan ( Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona / SPL )
Plumes of icy material streaming from Enceladus hint at the presence of a subsurface sea ( Image : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute )
IF LIFE is to be found beyond our home planet , then our closest encounters with it may come in the dark abyss of some extraterrestrial sea .
For Earth is certainly not the only ocean - girdled world in our solar system .
As many as five moons of Jupiter and Saturn are now thought to hide seas beneath their icy crusts .
To find out more about these worlds and their hidden oceans , two ambitious voyages are now taking shape .
About a decade from now , if all goes to plan , the first mission will send a pair of probes to explore Jupiter ’s satellites .
They will concentrate on giant Ganymede and pale Europa , gauging the depths of the oceans that almost certainly lie within them .
A few years later , an even more audacious mission will head towards Saturn to sniff the polar sea spray of its snow - white moon Enceladus .
It will also visit Titan , which has perhaps the most astonishing extraterrestrial landscape in our solar system .
To explore this giant moon , the spacecraft will send out two seemingly antique contraptions : a hot - air balloon to fly over the deserts and mountains , and a boat that will float on a sea of liquid hydrocarbons .
This plan for ocean exploration was announced in February , when the science chiefs of NASA and the European Space Agency decided to press ahead with the planning stages of both missions .
Jupiter is the destination that tops the schedule , probably because the Europa …
Laws in San Francisco aim to prevent fat discrimination
Attacking someone for being fat should be a hate crime , campaigners say .
They want so - called " fat-ism " to be made illegal on the same grounds as race , age and religious discrimination .
A demonstration was held outside the offices of the mayor of London asking him to lead the way in making sure employers are not prejudiced .
Protesters want the UK to follow San Francisco , where a law bans " fat-ism " in housing and employment and stops doctors pressing patients to slim down .
Sondra Solway , a San Francisco lawyer , said : " The San Francisco ordinance says you may want to mention weight to the patient but if the patient says they do not want to talk about that then you are asked to respect those wishes . "
Size acceptance
In the UK , size is not a protected characteristic under discrimination legislation .
People who are very overweight do experience a lot of prejudice both in their social life and working life and do need some protection . "
Dr Ian Campbell , Weight Concern
The campaigners , who belong to the Size Acceptance Movement , say surveys show 93 % of employers would rather employ a thin person than a fat one even if they are equally qualified .
Kathryn Szrodecki , who campaigns on behalf of overweight people , said that in the UK fat people were stared at , pointed at , talked about and attacked .
She said : " I have been discriminated against - I am a YMCA qualified fitness instructor , but I have gone for jobs and been laughed off the premises . "
Another campaigner , Marsha Coupe , said : " I have been punched , I have had beer thrown in my face , I have had people attack me on the train .
" They say ' Move out of the way fatty !
Well person coming down the aisle ! ' "
Ms Szrodecki said : " This is a very common event - someone being beaten up should be a crime .
" It is not about who you are or what you have done , it is just about the way you look .
" You are allowed to shame us just because of the way we look . "
Dr Ian Campbell of the charity Weight Concern said he was doubtful that legislation would have any immediate effect on the situation .
He said : " People who are very overweight do experience a lot of prejudice both in their social life and working life and do need some protection .
" We know that genetic and social reasons can lead to this very complex problem .
" For instance , people in inner cities are much more likely to be overweight because of poorer education , poorer housing and poorer job opportunities .
" Not everyone has a free choice about controlling their weight . "
A spokesman for the Equality and Human Rights Commission said size was already protected by the legislation if it was caused by a disability : " Potentially human rights legislation would also cover people by protecting their right to work . "
A full report appears in Inside Out London Tonight at 1930 BST on BBC1 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lakefront Marathon officials have disqualified a second women 's winner because the runner from Lombard , Ill. , tuned into her iPod in the late stages of the run to Veterans Park , Race Director Kristine Hinrichs confirmed Wednesday morning .
The unprecedented action appears to elevate Corina Canitz of Brookfield into the top spot , although two other women beat her to the finish line on Sunday .
The fastest woman , Cassie Peller , a 23 - year - old student at Marquette University , was disqualified shortly after the race for accepting aid - a water bottle - from a friend outside of the official water stations .
That made Jennifer Goebel , 27 , the winner , but only for a couple days .
Race photos showed Goebel with an iPod tucked into the waistband of her shorts and she admitted using the device in violation of a USA Track and Field rule that applied only to elite runners in the Lakefront Marathon .
Runners competing for USATF championships and or cash prizes are not allowed to use electronic devices .
The Lakefront serves as the Wisconsin USATF marathon championship .
A USATF official said the disqualification of Goebel may be a first in the country , although the rule banning iPods has long been a source of great debate and consternation among runners .
The USATF relaxed the rule late last year , allowing race directors to decide whether to ban the devices at races .
The change essentially allowed most mid-pack runners to use a musical boost , but kept in place the ban for elites .
Goebel , a massage therapist from Lombard , Ill. , said she believes she should not be disqualified and her time of 3:02:50 and her ranking should remain in the official results .
" If they 're going to disqualify me for having an iPod they should disqualify everyone who had one , " she said .
" It 's just a little ridiculous .
I went there to have a fun race with my friends . "
Goebel said she is willing to give up the prize money , which would be a $ 500 penalty for tuning into a mix of classic rock , techno and alternative between miles 19 and 21 .
" I was n't listening to it earlier in the race , " she said .
" I was n't going to put the music on unless I thought I needed it .
" If you 're bored , it pumps you up a little bit .
Sometimes , on a long training run , I 'll bring it along for the last half hour .
When I run marathons sometimes I carry it and never put it on . "
The 3:02:50 she ran on Sunday is Goebel 's second - fastest marathon time , well off the 2:52 she scored in her debut in the Chicago Marathon in 2005 .
Goebel 's infraction was detected in a picture shared online and pointed out by posters debating Peller 's disqualification on the Badgerland Striders web forum .
( The photo above is courtesy of Bill Flaws of Running in the USA ) .
A number of runners complained that Peller had been unfairly singled out by race officials , and that Goebel also deserved to be disqualified .
( The photos can be found here and through Running in the USA )
If Goebel 's disqualification stands , the victory would fall to Canitz , a 42 - year - old mother of four who won the Lakefront in 2007 and 2008 .
On Sunday , she trailed Peller by nearly two minutes and finished more than a minute behind Goebel .
Her 3:04:20 was good enough for third place , then second ... and now , maybe first .
Frail and vulnerable residents of nursing homes throughout Illinois are being dosed with powerful psychotropic drugs , leading to tremors , dangerous lethargy and a higher risk of harmful falls or even death , a Tribune investigation has found .
Thousands of elderly and disabled people have been affected , many of them drugged without their consent or without a legitimate psychiatric diagnosis that would justify treatment , state and federal inspection reports show .
Lloyd Berkley , 74 , was in a nursing home near Peoria for less than a day before staff members held him down and injected him with a large amount of an antipsychotic drug , according to a state citation .
A few hours later he fell , suffering a fatal head injury .
One woman was given a psychotropic drug partly because she refused to wear a bra .
Nursing home staff administered an antipsychotic medication to an 87 - year - old man because he was " easily annoyed . "
In all , the Tribune identified 1,200 violations at Illinois nursing homes involving psychotropic medications since 2001 .
Those infractions affected 2,900 patients .
The actual numbers are likely far higher because regulators inspect some facilities just once every 15 months , and even then they usually check only a small sample of residents for harm .
The Tribune 's unprecedented review of more than 40,000 state and federal inspection reports found that nursing homes ranging from " five - star " establishments on the North Shore to run-down facilities in urban neighborhoods have been cited for improperly administering psychotropic drugs .
The paper 's review took into account violations for " chemical restraint " and " unnecessary drugs " as well as cases involving dosages that exceeded safety standards or falls in which psychotropics possibly played a role .
While some nursing home residents suffer from major mental illnesses , such as schizophrenia , the inspection reports show that many patients harmed by antipsychotic drugs had not been diagnosed with psychosis .
They were disabled by Alzheimer 's disease , cancer or Parkinson 's disease .
Some were blind or so frail that they could not breathe without the aid of an oxygen tank .
The findings come at a difficult time for Illinois nursing homes , which are already under fire for housing violent felons alongside geriatric patients and for failing to accurately assess the risk posed by the most serious offenders .
The misuse of psychotropics , which some experts say is a nationwide problem in nursing homes , suggests a troubling future for many seniors .
The Tribune found 12 patients , including Berkley , whose deaths led to nursing home citations involving misuse of psychotropics .
In testimony before Congress two years ago , Food and Drug Administration scientist Dr. David Graham estimated that thousands of nursing home residents die each year because antipsychotic drugs are administered to patients who are not mentally ill .
Graham is known for blowing the whistle on Vioxx , the painkiller tied to heart attacks , but his warning on the psychotropics issue has drawn little attention .
New York researcher Christie Teigland , who is analyzing medical data on 275,000 nursing home residents with dementia , said she is finding that those on psychotropic drugs were more likely to fall or experience general decline than others .
When taken off the medication , the patients improved , she said .
" These residents come alive , " said Teigland , of the nonprofit New York Association of Homes & Services for the Aging .
" It 's like they become functional individuals again . "
Easier to deal with Inspection records show that hundreds of nursing home residents in Illinois displaying no psychotic symptoms have been placed on antipsychotic medications for such reasons as " restlessness , " " anxiety " or " confusion . "
Why ?
Often , it 's to make them easier to care for , the records show .
Some health care workers defend the use of psychotropics in nursing homes , saying they help patients , particularly those with Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia , live happier and more independent lives .
But the medications can be extremely dangerous .
The most commonly used antipsychotics carry so - called black - box warnings , the FDA 's highest advisory .
Side effects may include severe lethargy , permanent involuntary muscle movements , seizures and sudden death .
For decades there were few rules regarding the sedation of nursing home residents .
But in 1987 , Congress passed landmark laws that protected patients from unnecessary drugs .
Now facilities cannot give psychotropic drugs -- which include antipsychotics , antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications -- without a doctor 's orders , a patient 's consent and justification that the treatment is needed .
But a Tribune analysis of inspection reports on 742 Illinois nursing homes that care for traditional geriatric patients found that two - thirds of them were cited at least once in the past eight years for incidents involving psychotropics .
Dozens of homes had violations year after year .
The Illinois Department of Public Health , which conducts the vast majority of the inspections , said in a statement that its ability to regulate psychotropic drugs in nursing homes " is bound by the extent of the law . "
The agency noted that it is a member of the governor 's nursing home safety task force , formed in response to an ongoing Tribune investigation , and that it " welcomes the opportunity to improve the health and safety of long - term care residents . "
State and federal inspectors document violations in reports that do not name patients but often describe in vivid terms what happened to the elderly residents , including side effects .
Investigators visiting one facility in northwest Illinois reported finding an 88 - year - old woman with Alzheimer 's disease who was continually pacing , a common side effect of the antipsychotic drug she was given .
" I 'm sorry , " the woman frequently told nursing staff .
" I 'm so restless and can't help it .
I ca n't sit still . "
At a north - central Illinois home , inspectors described a 78 - year - old woman walking around with a blank look on her face .
Her eyes were wide open , and she rarely blinked .
When health inspectors checked her medical records , they discovered that the nursing home had been giving her large doses of antipsychotic drugs , even though she was not psychotic .
The woman could barely speak to inspectors .
But with the same blank expression on her face , she did manage to tell them this : " I want to go home . "
Drugged for ' yelling out '
An 84 - year - old blind woman at a nursing facility in west - central Illinois was given the antipsychotic Abilify because , the home said , she was " yelling out " and " easily annoyed . "
A woman with Alzheimer 's at a home near East St. Louis was given the antipsychotic Seroquel because of " her inability to perform her personal hygiene . "
An 86 - year - old woman with congestive heart failure at a facility outside Peoria was started on the antipsychotic Zyprexa because she was teasing another resident and generally being " nasty . "
These incidents all resulted in nursing homes being cited for giving drugs without a proper reason .
In all , the Tribune found more than 700 instances since 2001 of facilities administering psychotropics without just cause .
To be sure , some nursing home residents can be extremely difficult to control , especially those with dementia who might repeatedly lash out at staff or try to leave .
" Everybody likes to think of the nursing home resident as this nice little old gray - haired granny who 's a sweet little old darling , " said Robert Hedges , a former nursing home regulator with the Illinois Department of Public Health who now co-owns five facilities .
" There 's a lot of them out there who are mean and nasty and will spit on employees and other residents and hit them and carry on . "
Even then , however , standard nursing practices dictate that workers try to redirect patients ' attention , such as by involving them in a new activity , showing them pictures of family or offering them a snack .
" You try a number of things before you jump to drugs , " said Ellen Greif , who oversees regulatory enforcement of Midwest nursing homes for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services .
" You always look for the least restrictive and least invasive approach to care . "
But the state inspection reports show that nursing home staffs often bypass the step of trying to calm residents and instead call a patient 's doctor seeking a psychotropic drug .
The doctors frequently OK the request over the phone without seeing the patient .
In some cases , an unwarranted diagnosis of mental illness is added to the patient 's medical record to justify use of the drug .
Residents also have been treated with psychotropics while the underlying cause of their anxiety , such as pain or an infection , was ignored .
At VIP Manor near St. Louis in 2006 , a woman with Alzheimer 's cried and became extremely anxious when she had to urinate .
She also repeatedly asked to go to the bathroom .
Nurses responded by giving her injections of two antipsychotics , inspection reports state .
When that did n't work , the woman was sent to a hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
The psychiatrist reported back that the woman had a urinary tract infection .
VIP Manor 's nursing director , whom the report did not identify , told state inspectors that her staff was still learning to look for medical issues before administering psychotropics .
" We are n't there yet , but close , " she said .
Sometimes , when questions are raised about treating a patient with psychotropics , doctors simply change the person 's diagnosis .
At Metropolis Nursing and Rehab Center in Metropolis , near the Kentucky border , a woman arrived with diagnoses of heart disease and kidney problems .
Four months later , the woman 's dialysis doctor put her on the antipsychotic Risperdal .
Her medical records said she was anxious because of being on dialysis , but she had no history of psychosis , according to the state 's 2004 citation .
When the home 's nursing director asked the doctor what diagnosis led to the use of the antipsychotic drug , the physician told her " insomnia and depression . "
The nursing director told the dialysis doctor that those issues did not justify prescribing a powerful antipsychotic , so the doctor switched the diagnosis .
The new one : " organic psychosis . "
Officials at the home did not respond to the Tribune 's requests for comment .
Lack of consentFor 16 straight days , nurses at Heritage Nursing Home in Chicago tried to give an antipsychotic drug to a man who had a history of heart troubles but no psychotic symptoms .
He steadfastly refused the medication .
But on the 17th day , according to state inspection records , a nurse gave him the drug without telling him what it was until after he had swallowed it .
State inspection reports reveal more than 600 instances since 2001 of nursing homes violating regulations by giving residents psychotropic drugs without permission .
Many patients received the medicine after explicitly saying they did not want it , and some with dementia have been allowed to give consent with little understanding of the consequences .
The man at Heritage was given Seroquel against his will last year .
His doctor told inspectors that the 56 - year - old was not psychotic , and nursing notes documented no behaviors that would justify the use of the drug .
The doctor had ordered the antipsychotic " because he thought it would help ( the man 's ) mood , " according to an inspection report .
The physician said he did not know the man refused the drug -- or that permission was even needed .
" Once I was made aware I discontinued the medication , " he said .
The state cited the nursing home , which promised to better train staff on the use of psychotropics .
When contacted by the Tribune , Heritage declined to comment .
Some nursing homes cited for giving drugs without permission blame paperwork errors , saying that when regulators find problems , facilities immediately ask patients to sign consent forms .
But records show that some residents and family members who sign releases may not understand the true risks of psychotropic drugs because nursing homes downplay the dangers .
In 2003 , an 83 - year - old woman without a diagnosis of mental illness was placed on Haldol -- among the most dangerous antipsychotic drugs -- two days after being admitted to the Heartland Health Care Center in Moline .
A registered nurse who administered the drug told inspectors she had asked the woman whether she wanted medication for her " nervousness , " and she agreed .
The state cited the home for giving an antipsychotic without reason , and the woman was taken off the medication .
In a statement to the Tribune , the home said it " was cleared upon revisit and is currently in compliance with state and federal regulations . "
Tics , tremors , lethargy Abnormal muscle tics , twitches and tremors , involuntary movements of the tongue , a " zoned - out " look -- these sights are familiar in nursing home patients , but they are not always caused by old age .
They are another sign of antipsychotic drug use .
Hundreds of Illinois residents have suffered these ailments because nursing facilities have given them too many of the drugs or failed to monitor the side effects , the Tribune 's analysis of inspection reports shows .
Although nursing homes are required to test for involuntary , repetitive movements -- a potentially permanent and life - threatening condition called tardive dyskinesia -- many facilities fail to do so .
When they do detect harm , they frequently do not contact doctors to reduce the doses of antipsychotic drugs .
That is critical , medical experts say , because the longer patients are on the medication , the greater the chance that the abnormal movements will become permanent .
At one Downstate nursing home cited for administering unnecessary drugs , an elderly woman was on the same dose of an antipsychotic for five years even though she experienced tremors and lethargy .
An inspector observed her at 9:30 a.m. in bed asleep , her breakfast tray untouched .
At 11 a .m. she was in her wheelchair , " slumped over with drool coming out of her mouth . "
At noon she tried to drink milk , but she " spilled the milk out of the glass while trying to drink due to hand tremors . "
Some residents on antipsychotic drugs become so lethargic they must be hospitalized .
They cannot feed themselves , attend physical therapy or talk with loved ones .
Residents once capable of caring for themselves become immobile and incontinent .
It is common for nursing staff to struggle to wake up residents at mealtimes .
In addition , the Tribune found , more than 200 nursing home residents were administered psychotropic drugs and subsequently fell , at times within hours of taking the medication .
Several died , and dozens broke major bones such as hips .
Because it is difficult to pinpoint why someone falls , regulators usually do not conclude that psychotropics caused the accidents .
But many psychotropics cause drowsiness and confusion , and the reports often cite nursing homes for failing to consider the drugs as possible causes of the falls .
One man on multiple antipsychotics -- without adequate justification -- fell 68 times in a four - month span .
A blind woman who did not consent to taking Risperdal fell five times after being given the medication .
At the Evergreen Nursing & Rehabilitation Center in Effingham , southeast of Springfield , a woman who suffered from Alzheimer 's and who was on numerous psychotropics fell eight times in 2006 , an inspector reported .
After most of the falls , the facility did not take new steps to prevent further accidents .
Her last fall fractured her spine , and she died 11 days later .
The state cited the home for not considering the possibility that psychotropics were causing her to fall .
In an interview with the Tribune , Hedges , the former regulator and the nursing home 's co-owner , called the case " a very isolated incident " and said there was no evidence that psychotropic drugs contributed to the woman 's death .
He said she had complex medical and behavioral problems as well as a history of falling .
" We tried to get her family to agree to physical restraints , and they declined , " he said .
" You cannot have a staff member sitting there and holding a resident in a wheelchair all the time .
That 's not practical . "
Nursing homes are required to carefully document instances when patients display side effects , but the Tribune found that some facilities misrepresented the true condition of their residents .
At the Tower Hill Healthcare Center in suburban South Elgin , an inspector in 2002 noticed a 78 - year - old woman on two antipsychotic medications and cited the facility for unnecessary drugs .
Officials at the Tower Hill facility recently declined to comment , saying it is under new ownership .
The inspector noted that the woman continually rocked back and forth over four days .
Yet the facility 's testing results contended that she showed no abnormal movements .
When the inspector pointed out the woman 's rocking , the facility updated records to state that she " will rock in chair in attempt to get up . "
But the inspector did n't buy it .
" Rocking is completely involuntary and was observed even as she tried to butter her bread and eat her meal , " the inspector wrote .
" The behavior was not the result of an attempt to rise from the chair . "
Tribune reporter Nicole Leonhardt contributed to this report .
sroe@tribune.com
Welcome
The very act of placing a Cross on the moon will remind us of its impact on our lives .
The way of the Cross , runs through our churches , our homes and neighborhoods , our schools and playgrounds , our businesses , and our battlefields .
The Cross is up and down — over and around all that is important to us .
The Cross is present wherever decisions are being made .
Wherever
He leads us , we carry our Cross .
We are going to the heavens and beyond .
It is fitting that we remember Who made all things possible .
It is our symbol that means many good and comforting things to billions of people .
Our moon has been revered by mankind throughout the ages .
Placing the Cross there will be an accomplishment understood by generations .
The glow of the moon , in all of its phases , will add special comfort to Christians when the Cross is there .
At the Cross , we pray to Him and praise Him for His many blessings .
to Him and praise Him for His many blessings .
At the Cross , we confess our sins and ask for His forgiveness .
our sins and ask for His forgiveness .
At the Cross , we remember the poor , the vulnerable , the weak , those in prison and those in pain .
the poor , the vulnerable , the weak , those in prison and those in pain .
At the Cross , we commit to be His followers .
“ So I advise you to live according to your new life in the Holy Spirit .
Then you wo n’t be doing what your sinful nature craves …
Those who belong to Christ Jesus have nailed the passions and desires of their sinful nature to his cross and crucified them there . ”
- Galatians 5:16,24
Fed ID 27-0464654 – 501C3
Washington ( CNN ) --
The United States wo n't join its NATO allies and many other countries in formally banning landmines , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said during his midday briefing Tuesday .
" This administration undertook a policy review and we decided our landmine policy remains in effect , " Kelly said in response to a question .
" We made our policy review and we determined that we would not be able to meet our national defense needs nor our security commitments to our friends and allies if we sign this convention . "
Opponents of the U.S. landmine policy said they were surprised .
" It is a disturbing development , " said Steve Goose of Human Rights Watch .
" The administration never said a policy review was under way . "
Goose said the decision to leave the policy in place is at odds with the administration 's professed commitments to international agreements and humanitarian issues .
" The international treaty against landmines has made a a huge difference and it is a very strong deterrent , " Goose said .
" It has to have been a very fast and cursory review . "
The United States will attend an international conference on landmines next week in Cartagena , Colombia , sending an inter-agency delegation from the State and Defense departments as observers .
Kelly said the United States continues to work with governments as well as nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) to help remove landmines .
" The U.S. is proud to be the world 's single largest supporter of humanitarian mine action , " Kelly said .
" Since 1993 the U.S. has provided more than $ 1.5 billion worldwide dedicated to building new partnerships with more than 50 post - conflict countries and supporting efforts by dozens of NGOs to promote stability and set the stage for recovery and development through mine clearance and conventional - weapons destruction programs . "
The United States is the only member of NATO that will not sign the landmine treaty , Goose said .
Russia and China also have not joined the 156 nations that have endorsed the ban , he said .
Brilliant facilities and murals by Italian artist Esther Stocker .
Work around the minimal art and geometry in black and white , with the floors , walls and ceilings filled with graphics in 2D and 3D .
Tweet
A phrase in a reader 's letter last week caught my bloodshot eye .
It said : " An alcoholic drinking 30 units of alcohol a week . "
It took a moment to sink in .
At first it seemed that some iron - willed alcoholics were limiting their intake to three bottles of wine a week .
Ah , but no , the correspondent was a drug- prevention professional relaying a new official line : anyone who drinks more than three bottles of wine a week is an alcoholic .
And that 's probably true if we 're talking about eight - year - olds .
Yes , an eight - year - old drinking three bottles of wine a week is cause for concern .
They certainly should n't drink as much as I do .
Their little livers have less processing power .
On the other hand , the Beast from the East is considerably bigger than I am and he might cope bravely with a cubic foot of chardonnay because he 's fighting fit , seven foot two and weighs 300 lbs .
He 'll have a liver the size of a Dunlopillo .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Things can move quickly in the public discourse on these things and across a range of issues of health , attitudes and social policy .
The official version gets accepted by sheer repetition and suddenly a whole bunch of us get reclassified as racists or paedophiles or hate criminals .
In this case we who drink more than usual are reclassified as alcoholics .
I deny it and will fight anyone who says different .
Yes , as soon as my friends come round , we 'll tough you up !
A sign of " having a problem " , is it , getting angry when idiots criticise my drinking , is it ?
Get 'em up !
There was a period of my life covering some months – obviously I can't remember exactly how many – where I was drinking more than 30 units a week .
In fact , I was drinking 30 bottles a week .
Five bottles a day except at weekends when I 'd cut down for social reasons .
It was a lot , I agree .
You may think I am boasting foolishly , and to be honest , there may be something in that .
However , the fact remains that for some consecutive months in the mid-Eighties , I was drinking 30 bottles of wine a week .
I wo n't go through the daily timetable but it was easier than you might think for a young man with a fast metabolism , an excitable nature and energetic pursuits .
One pointer : you have to make full use of lunch .
It gets early runs on the board that are difficult to make up later in the day .
Whatever you may think now , it never occurred to me I was an alcoholic .
I was dependent on coffee , that was obvious , because giving that up abruptly caused a week of headaches no aspirin could move .
But reverting to my long - term trend of a bottle of wine a day ?
That came about without " cravings , feeling sick , sweating , or convulsions " , the suite of symptoms associated with alcoholism .
On the contrary , my system breathed a gentle thank you .
Today , my current intake of a bottle a day is three times the official advice .
No one is supposed to be having more than couple of small glasses of wine a day .
As a result , millions of Britons can be classified as alcoholics .
This is unwise .
Millions of Britons ( the ones who drink two or three times the official limit without being alcoholics ) will add it to the official inflation of everything , and take less notice than they otherwise would .
Not only of this advice but of all sorts of other official instruction .
Because advice changes over the years , according to the passing fashions .
Research has told us very different things about eggs , aspirin , water , and even alcohol .
Binge - drinking , I can remember , was once praised as being safer than steady soaking .
And every decade , the safe limit goes lower and lower .
" Do n't take any notice of it , " one chief medical officer told my pal at one dinner .
" We just keep lowering the recommended intake because we know everyone lies about how much they drink . "
And the more people lie , the lower the limit is driven .
My complacency has some sort of pay - off for the NHS .
You will say that we cost the public purse , but the sums have n't really been done .
If I 'm right , this level of drinking suits me for various particular and peculiar qualities in my somatic individualism .
So , I do n't go to the doctor all the time complaining about pains in my liver because I assume the best .
If I 'm wrong , I 'll die prematurely and save the state very significant costs in care , bed space , winter - fuel allowances , and free bus travel .
Meanwhile , the " worried well " who believe all this official terrorism go to their doctors for their constant check - ups and neurotic need for reassurance .
They 'll live forever , add significantly to the national debt , demand constant immigration of young carers and annoy their children for an extra 30 years ....
There 's much more to be said on this , but you 'll have to excuse me .
It 's nearly 6 pm .
simoncarr@sketch.sc
NEWTON'S OPTIC : THERE ’S NOT much of a Protestant ethos on display in the row over school funding .
The sight of Protestants begging Minister for Education Batt O’Keeffe for money shows how far my Southern co-religionists have fallen .
The only financial transaction any self - respecting Protestant should have with someone of O’Keeffe ’s standing is to give him a euro with the words : “ Here ’s something for yourself , my good man . ”
Instead , we have the pathetic spectacle of Protestants acting as if O’Keeffe is not just their equal but their better .
Acting as if he was their equal would be bad enough ; surrendering the presumption of superiority is appalling .
Effortless superiority is the very definition of the Protestant ethos and what better sort over which to exude it than some Fianna Fáil bogman ?
O’Keeffe ’s statements should provoke no reaction stronger than mild amusement .
When he claims Protestants are wealthy and privileged , a modest nod of agreement should suffice .
When he becomes flustered over legal and constitutional issues , it should be politely noted that a person of his limitations is bound to find these things confusing .
It is absurd of Protestants to imply that the funding cut was ordered by some secret Catholic professional organisation in O’Keeffe ’s department .
Catholics are neither professional nor organised .
Also , Protestants really ought not to be humouring made - up Irish names .
O’Keeffe is correctly known as Barry Keith and should be referred to as such .
Under no circumstances should Protestants actually highlight the effect of Keith ’s decisions .
People of Keith ’s type should not be seen to have any effect on respectable society whatsoever .
If the withdrawal of funding causes hardship for certain Protestant institutions and individuals , they should conceal the fact behind a well - scrubbed facade of genteel self - reliance .
They should raise more money themselves through traditional Protestant activities such as working , saving or running a business that does not depend on corrupt links to the planning system .
They certainly should not cry poverty like some common whining Irishman .
The special pleading of the Protestant churches sounds almost Catholic .
The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin , the Most Rev John Neill , calls the funding cut “ grossly unfair ” and says “ a minority is as entitled to schools under their own patronage as much as the majority ” .
It is embarrassing to hear a Protestant clergymen use terms like “ unfair ” , “ entitled to ” and “ minority ” .
Life is not fair , entitlements are for losers and the elite are always a minority .
The row has raised the question of whether Protestants need separate schools at all .
Catholic schools are necessary because Catholicism is an arcane and inconsistent creed which requires years of indoctrination to have any hope of lodging in the human mind .
In Ireland , especially those areas currently under native control , Catholics are also required to learn a dead language and a false version of history .
It is obvious that this necessitates a dedicated school system .
Protestantism , by contrast , is a straightforward and naturally ordered faith , allied to the default Anglo - Saxon culture of western civilisation .
Armed only with a few words of warning , it should be perfectly possible for Protestant children to attend Catholic schools and emerge more or less completely unscathed by the experience .
For 90 years , Catholic schools have failed to teach anyone Irish .
It seems a little far - fetched to fear that they could teach Protestants to be Catholic .
Internet artists , street artists and skateboarders use public architecture in ways , the creators did n’t expect it to be used .
In this sense Artzilla browser add - ons , skateboards and spray cans are the same .
The Skatekeyboard will be shown , among the work of some amazing artists and friends , at the BLK River Festival in Vienna next week .
I ’ll be there , too – Also liebe Wiener – Kommts vorbei !
The Skatekeyboard is also part of my upcoming solo show …. to be announced very soon !
Ken Cuccinelli ( R ) running for Attorney General in Virginia has declined to promise whether he would uphold the states nondiscrimination policy enforced by his republican predecessor .
“ My view is that homosexual acts , not homosexuality , but homosexual acts are wrong , ” said Cuccinelli , according to the Virginian - Pilot .
“ They ’re intrinsically wrong .
And I think in a natural law based country it ’s appropriate to have policies that reflect that .
...
They do n’t comport with natural law .
I happen to think that it represents ( to put it politely ; I need my thesaurus to be polite ) behavior that is not healthy to an individual and in aggregate is not healthy to society , ” he said ( Advocate ) .
He is currently leading his democratic opponent Steven Shannon in the race .
Contact Ken Cuccinelli and tell him his comments are wrong and offensive .
Attorney Generals are elected to serve and protect all citizens including GLBT Virginians .
Campaign Headquarters :
10560 Main Street
Suite 218
Fairfax , VA 22030
703-766-0635
E -Contact Form , twitter contact .
CORVALLIS , Ore. - Research in the Linus Pauling Institute at Oregon State University suggests that some natural food compounds , which previously have been studied for their ability to prevent cancer , may be able to play a more significant role in treating it - working side - by - side with the conventional drugs that are now used in chemotherapy .
A new study just published in the International Journal of Cancer examined the activity of chlorophyllin and found that , on a dose - by - dose basis , it was 10 times more potent at causing death of colon cancer cells than hydroxyurea , a chemotherapeutic drug commonly used in cancer treatment .
Beyond that , chlorophyllin kills cancer cells by blocking the same phase of cellular division that hydroxyurea does , but by a different mechanism .
This suggests that it - and possibly other " cocktails " of natural products - might be developed to have a synergistic effect with conventional cancer drugs , helping them to work better or require less toxic dosages , researchers said .
" We conclude that chlorophyllin has the potential to be effective in the clinical setting , when used alone or in combination with currently available cancer therapeutic agents , " the researchers wrote in their study .
The concept of combining conventional or new cancer drugs with natural compounds that have been shown to have anti-cancer properties is very promising , said Rod Dashwood , professor and director of the Cancer Chemoprotection Program in the Linus Pauling Institute .
" Most chemotherapeutic approaches to cancer try to target cancer cells specifically and do something that slows or stops their cell growth process , " Dashwood said .
" We 're now identifying such mechanisms of action for natural compounds , including dietary agents .
With further research we may be able to make the two approaches work together to enhance the effectiveness of cancer therapies . "
Chlorophyllin is a water - soluble derivative of chlorophyll - the green pigment found in most plants and many food products that makes possible the process of photosynthesis and plant growth from the sun 's energy .
Chlorophyllin is inexpensive , and animal studies plus human clinical data suggest that it can be ingested at relatively high levels without toxicity .
In the new study , researchers found that pharmacologic doses of chlorophyllin caused colon cancer cells to spend more time than normal in their " synthesis phase " in which DNA is duplicated .
Timing is critical to the various phases of cell growth , researchers said , and this disruption started a process that ultimately led to cell death , the study found .
In particular , the presence of high levels of chlorophyllin caused a major reduction in the level of ribonucleotide reductase , an enzyme critical to DNA synthesis , researchers found .
This is also the mechanism of action of hydroxyurea , one drug already being used for cancer chemotherapy .
" In cancer research right now there 's interest in approaches that can reduce ribonucleotide reductase , " Dashwood said .
" At the doses used in our experiments , chlorophyllin almost completely stops the activity of this enzyme . "
Further research is needed both in laboratory and animal studies , with combinations of chlorophyllin and existing cancer drugs , before it would be appropriate for human trials , Dashwood said .
Chlorophyllin , in general , is poorly absorbed from the human gastrointestinal tract , so it 's unclear what levels might be needed for therapeutic purposes or how well they would work .
Other dietary agents also might have similar potential .
Work just published by LPI researchers in the journals Carcinogenesis and Cancer Prevention Research explored the role of organic selenium compounds in killing human prostate and colon cancer cells .
Colorectal and prostate cancers are consistently among the leading causes of cancer mortality in the United States , and will account respectively for 18 percent and 9 percent of all cancer deaths in 2009 , according to estimates from the American Cancer Society .
In the recent studies , a form of organic selenium found naturally in garlic and Brazil nuts was converted in cancer cells to metabolites that acted as " HDAC inhibitors " - a promising field of research in which silenced tumor suppressor genes are re-activated , triggering cancer cell death .
" Whether it 's HDAC inhibition leading to one manner of cancer cell growth arrest , or loss of ribonucleotide reductase activity leading to another , as seen with chlorophyllin , there 's significant promise in the use of natural products for combined cancer therapies , " Dashwood said .
" These are areas that merit continued research . "
These studies were supported by the National Cancer Institute and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
Other collaborators included researchers from the New York Medical College and the Penn State College of Medicine .
Further information on chlorophylls and selenium compounds can be found on the web at : http://lpi.oregonstate.edu/infocenter
On Christmas Day , 1991 , Mikhail Gorbachev transferred the Soviet nuclear codes to Boris Yeltsin , called President George H.W. Bush to wish him a happy Christmas , and picked up a pen , intending to sign the document that would dissolve the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics , created by Lenin 74 years before .
The pen would n’t work .
Gorbachev had to borrow a replacement from a CNN crew covering the story .
The Cold War was officially over , which was a very good thing .
Yet as we prepare to mark the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall — the symbolic centerpiece of the Revolution of 1989 , which made the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 virtually inevitable — there seems to be a remarkable lack of interest in a struggle that dominated world politics for 43 years , threatening nuclear ruin to North America , Europe and the USSR , devastating Korea and Southeast Asia , and embroiling the Third World in proxy wars from which many developing countries have never really recovered .
Something that large and consequential , you would think , would merit considerable and ongoing attention .
Yet , to take but one example , modern history classes in Polish schools today stop at 1939 ( or , in some cases 1945 ) .
Things are not much better in the United States , I fear .
Americans are traditionally good winners who do n’t hold grudges .
There was no gloating over the collapse of the USSR .
There were no equivalents of the Nuremberg Trials , or the Allied military tribunals in post - war Japan , to bring the murderers of the KGB to book .
There was n’t even a VC Day — Victory Over Communism Day — to parallel VE Day and VJ Day in 1945 .
Perhaps many Americans thought it would have been unsporting to declare victory .
We quickly put the Cold War behind us .
Worse than today ’s lack of interest , however , are those interpretations of the Cold War that suggest it was all a terrible misunderstanding , or that Stalin was “ provoked ” into hostility toward the West , or that the West could have come to terms with the Soviet Union long before 1989 .
With an eye toward the 20th anniversary of the wall coming down , let me propose a few truths about the Cold War and its ending , with special reference to the Catholic Church and its roles under , and against , communism :
Moral equivalence is moral idiocy .
The United States and its western allies during the Cold War were imperfect democracies that sometimes did wicked things .
Throughout the Cold War ( and long before ) , the Soviet Union was a pluperfect tyranny that did terrible things as a matter of course , murdering millions of innocent people in cold blood .
Any suggestion that the U.S. and the USSR were “ two scorpions in a bottle ” ( as one Carter administration nominee famously put it ) reflects a fundamental moral obtuseness about the situation .
The Ostpolitik of Pope Paul VI did not ease the situation of the Catholic Church behind the iron curtain .
Pope Paul ’s openness to dialogue with communist regimes can claim one genuine ( if unintended ) accomplishment : it created openings that a Polish pope ( who viewed his predecessor ’s Ostpolitik with considerable skepticism ) could exploit ( often against the counsel of Vatican diplomats ) .
On the ground , the Ostpolitik of Paul VI was a disaster in Hungary ( where most bishops from the mid-1960s on collaborated with the regime ) , in Czechoslovakia ( where the underground Church felt betrayed ) , and even in Rome , where Soviet bloc intelligence agencies used the new diplomatic contacts necessitated by the Ostpolitik to penetrate the Vatican in a quite striking way .
Moral power was the key to success .
Communism might have collapsed of its own economic incompetence , but why did it collapse in 1989 rather than 1999 or 2009 or 2019 ?
And why did it collapse without violence ( Romania excepted ) ?
Our premier Cold War historian , John Lewis Gaddis of Yale , has the answer : the moral revolution launched by John Paul II during his first pilgrimage to Poland in June 1979 was the key to all the rest .
There were winners and losers in this epic contest .
Be grateful that we won .
Be grateful for all those who sacrificed blood and treasure for the victory .
You know , sometimes Democrats can be their own worst enemies .
( Applause . )
Democrats are an opinionated bunch .
( Applause . )
You know , the other side , they just kind of -- sometimes -- do what they 're told .
( Laughter . )
Democrats , you all are thinking for yourselves .
( Applause . )
I like that in you .
But it 's time for us to make sure that we finish the job here .
We are this close .
And we 've got to be unified .
( Applause . )
Just as it is not possible for an individual to restrict what constitutes a fundamental psychological methodology to only one area of his life , so a ruling class will not employ one approach in foreign policy while dealing with matters of domestic politics in a radically different manner .
In any case , the U.S. ruling class never had such a desire : in one way or another , other nations would be made to submit to the demands of the U.S. government -- and the same is true for U.S. citizens .
The citizens of America will do exactly as the ruling class demands -- or else .
As far as the ruling class is concerned , you have as little reason to complain as the murdered Iraqis do : the ruling class only wishes to improve your life .
The ruling class acts only on your behalf , and " for your own good . "
You now witness these tactics of intimidation and of the most transparently , viciously manipulative fear - mongering deployed by almost every member of the ruling class in connection with the bailout bill .
If you do n't " recognize " what Clinton demands you recognize -- whether it 's true or not , whether the " solution " she proposes is a solution or more of the poison that is killing us -- you 're just stupid .
I have several other news articles offering comments from other members of the ruling class , and I could easily find many , many more , all to the same general effect : be terrified and do what they say .
Or else .
If you do n't understand the urgency and necessity of doing exactly what they say , you 're just stupid .
In that case , you should obviously turn your life and your money over to your betters .
Let them dispose of all of it as they see fit .
That 's why they 're your rulers , is n't it ?
They know what 's best for you .
Do what they demand -- or else .
And to all those non-Democrats who may be in the audience -- ( laughter ) -- or who are watching our webcast , or who will hear about this on cable -- ( laughter ) -- I want you to know I believe in a strong and loyal opposition .
I believe in a two - party system where ideas are tested and assumptions are challenged .
That 's made this legislation that we 're working on better and more durable .
That 's how our democracy works .
That 's a good thing .
But what I reject is when some folks decide to sit on the sidelines and root for failure on health care -- ( applause ) -- or they root for failure on reforming our energy system , or they root for failure on getting the Olympics .
I mean , who 's against the Olympics ?
( Laughter and applause . )
What 's up with that ?
( Laughter . )
You know ?
That 's a sad thing , is n’t it ?
AUDIENCE : Yes .
OBAMA : I mean , I do n't care if you 're Democrat or Republican -- you know , it 's the Olympics .
( Laughter and applause . )
Come on !
( Applause . )
What I reject is when some folks , all they 've got to say is , let 's go back and do the things that we were doing that got us into this mess in the first place .
( Applause . )
We understand exactly who and what got us into this mess ( emphasis added ) .
That 's all -- that 's all they 've got to say .
Like we forgot .
( Laughter . )
We did n’t forget .
It was only nine months ago .
( Laughter and applause . )
Because these issues tie into several of my ongoing themes , it 's worth spending some time analyzing the methods and purposes of these recent remarks by Obama .
( I use that link solely because it was the first one I encountered that offers a lengthy transcript of what Obama said on this occasion . )
Consult the link for the longer version of Obama 's comments .
I will focus on several passages in particular .
First , in speaking about the alleged necessity to support health care reform -- and Obama means that it is necessary to supportlegislation might finally come out of Congress ( and let us remember that what that legislation willcontain remains a mystery in significant part even at this late date ) , Obama said : Several aspects of these comments are noteworthy .
I emphasize at the outset that the following mechanisms are regularly used by odious politicians of every variety , and whether they are Republicans or Democrats .
Obama here engages in a fundamental dishonesty , as he simultaneously counts on everyone to ignore the glaring fraud he commits right in front of them .
Most people are eager to play along .
In the manner of a happily self - deluded crowd gathered around a street - corner hustler , those who seek personal fulfillment and self - gratification in political pursuits are not overly insistent on honesty or integrity .
Obama praises his audience and Democrats generally for " thinking for yourselves " -- and then immediately insists that they must recognize that what he himself identifies as a major virtue must not be taken too far .
After all , we must " finish the job here . "
And : " We are this close . "
Therefore , " we 've got to be unified .
" As a general rule -- and at the moment , I am unable to think of a single exception -- when a politician engages in a hard sell on the determinative importance of " unity , " he 's conning you big - time .
It 's great that you 're independent and that you think for yourself -- but do n't do any more of thatyou have to do exactly what I say .
But what if he 's rigged the game in advance ?
And that 's exactly what 's happened here .
This is true not only in a broad sense , in developments now spanning more than a hundred years -- see , " Psst -- While You Were Gibbering , The Ruling Class Rigged the Game and Won Everything " ( and I do wish that today 's progressives would one day understand that this mechanism got fully underway in the Progressive era of the early twentieth century , as that post discusses in detail : [ quoting Gabriel Kolko ] ) -- but it's also true of the " health care reform " absurdity / obscenity in particular .
I point you again to Chris Floyd 's wonderfully brief and entirely accurate summary of what is going on in the health care reform debate .
It 's no debate at all : whatever happens , certain already immensely powerful and wealthy corporations closely allied with the State will become stillpowerful and wealthy .
Given the nature of the corporatist system that now throttles every aspect of life in the U.S. , that is That 's how it 's set up , and that 'sThe fact that insurance companies will reap huge rewards on the backs of " ordinary " taxpaying Americans is not a regrettable byproduct of an allegedly good but imperfect effort at reform , or a flaw that will be fixed at some unspecified future date .
And as already powerful and wealthy interests become more powerful and wealthy , the State will also increase its already massive power over all our lives still more .
None of that is incidental : it 's But Obama instructs you that all that must be set aside .
You need to be unified so that the job will be finished .
But the job will only be finished There are no other terms at all .
Obama is very familiar with this method of intimidation .
This is exactly what transpired with the deliberately engineered economic " crisis " of a year ago ( there was a genuine crisis , but it was n't the one the political class was so intent upon , and , as far as " ordinary " Americans are concerned , the real crisis was only worsened by the " solutions " ) .
I wrote about this in October 2008 , " Terrorist State , Abroad and At Home " : In that post , I then set forth representative remarks from Bush , Biden , Obama and Hillary Clinton .
They all offered the identical message .
When shorn of the propaganda and lies told by and for the ruling class , that message reduced to this :
In his recent remarks , Obama went on to broaden the targets of his intimidation , adding two further dishonest elements , delegitimization and a set of false alternatives :
The remarks about the Olympics are the cheapest form of jingoistic , phony patriotism , barely worthy of refutation .
Seizing on Obama 's Olympic " failure " may have represented yet another triumph of triviality on the part of certain of Obama 's opponents and critics -- especially in light of the ongoing , infinitely more serious problems in foreign policy and on the economic front -- but enthusiastically grabbing " the other side " of the same rotten huckster ploy hardly serves to enhance Obama 's own seriousness on these issues .
Not that these questions matter to Obama 's dedicated partisans ; such is the nature of our primitive tribal politics .
Much more significantly , Obama lies about the fundamental problem I identified above .
When all that is on offer is the further expansion of the corporatist system that has been killing us in slow motion for over a century , the only honorable choice is to root for failure with every ounce of fervor you can muster .
Do I want this effort at " health care reform " to fail ?
You bet your ass I do .
You should bet your ass that it fails
Of course , if your primary goal is to have some bill , bill , that you can distort and lie about incessantly , insisting that it represents some kind of " improvement " and that this is the best we can hope for if we 're " realistic " and " pragmatic , " you do n't care about any of that .
Fall in line , we all have to pull together , we have to be " unified .
" And Obama 's predictable recourse to demonization of the Republicans is pathetically transparent .
I have criticized the Bush administration and Republicans generally in terms as scathing and comprehensive as most of their critics , in fact , in termsscathing and comprehensive than most .
But the alternatives are not restricted to doing what Obama demands or " go[ing ] back and do[ing ] the things that we were doing that got us into this mess in the first place . "
Obama wants you to believe those are the only alternatives simply because he wants you That 's the only reason .
That 's why he 's lying and will continue to lie .
But some of us -- not many , but a few of us -- desperately try to encourage people to consider another possibility altogether : the unwinding of the deadly , strangling alliance between powerful vested , " private " interests and the State .
This process of delinking between the purported " private " and public spheres will necessarily take a long time ; it required more than a hundred years to get us to this point , and reversing this calamitous course is not going to happen quickly .
But if one wishes to see significant change accomplished peacefully , it is the only way such a transformation can happen .
Neither Obama nor any of our other national political leaders wants you to consider these issues .
If you did , the ruling class 's death grip on all of us would be seriously questioned .
That is the one thing that must never be allowed to happen .
Thus the message : Good for you that you 're independent and that you think for yourselves !
Well done , strong and loyal opposition !
But right now , if you 're a decent human being who genuinely wants to see change , Will it work ?
Have you been awake during any of the last ten or twenty years ?
Have you studied American history , or world history ?
Did you pay attention last fall , or during the rest of the campaign , or to the actual nature of what Obama represented ?
Of course , it will work .
Oh , my , yes , it will .
Yes , indeed .
Crucial paradigm “ sacks ” a client over a Twitter comment .
Justified ?
Sometimes you get frustrated and really let loose .
Sometimes you just say WTF and walk away .
Sometimes you do it on Twitter .
It ’s not just staff that get told off when they have a moan on Twitter – have a look at this exchange :
Now if this was on one of my forums I ’d tell ’em to sort it out but it ’s not really a personal attack .
Actually not at all .
He ’s attacking the lack of service , not a person .
Expressing clearly his frustration .
Not in a particularly polite way but still , our feelings are valid as long as we are n’t attacking a human being .
There ’s even a sense of self - reproach referring to lack of control .
Crucial Paradigm completely over reacted :
Overreaction much ?
I think you ’d have to be really really clear that you are justified in sacking a customer for a Twitter comment before you asked them to move on .
Otherwise someone else , who thinks the whole thing is a mite unfair might blog about it .
Like me .
EDIT : Overnight ( I posted at around 11 pm I think ) this is the reach .
Not the most velocity I ’ve seen , but not bad considering most my followers are Australian and asleep 😛
This is Dr. Marie - Laure Sauer , a post- doc at NC State University , inspecting the growing Dunaliella algae cultures .
Credit : North Carolina State University
Imagine filling up your car with fuel that comes from inexpensive algae that grow quickly , do n't use up freshwater supplies and can be cultivated in areas where they wo n't compete with traditional food crops , such as corn or soybeans .
Researchers at North Carolina State University are working to make that a reality , with a $ 2 million grant from the National Science Foundation .
The researchers are studying algae as a fuel source because they grow quickly and can be grown throughout the year , providing the potential to create 100 times as much feedstock per acre as conventional crops , says Dr. Bill Roberts , professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at NC State and primary investigator of the grant .
Roberts explains that algae can also be grown on marginal land , so they would not compete with food crops such as corn or soybeans for arable land .
Furthermore , Roberts says the researchers are looking specifically at a type of marine algae called Dunaliella , which grows in brackish or salty water - so cultivating the primitive , tiny plant - like creatures would not compete for valuable freshwater resources .
This is especially important for states like North Carolina , where seasonal droughts affect agricultural and urban demand for fresh water .
Dunaliella cultures are being grown at NC State University as part of a program to turn fatty acids from algae into fuel .
Credit : North Carolina State University
" We 're looking at microscopic marine algae that produce fatty acids and do not have a cell wall .
We plan to genetically modify the algae so that they will continuously produce these fatty acids , which we can then continually harvest , " Roberts says .
" We also plan to genetically modify the algae to produce fatty acids of a specific length , to expedite the conversion of the fatty acids into fuels that can be used by our existing transportation infrastructure . "
Specifically , Roberts says , " the goal is to create fuels that can be used in place of diesel , gasoline and jet fuel - though jet fuel will be the most technically challenging . "
In other words , they hope to make fuels that are 100 percent compatible with the existing fuels ' storage and distribution system and run in existing vehicles - no modifications necessary .
And , Roberts stresses , " it has to be cost - competitive , or none of this makes sense .
It 's easy to be cost - competitive when oil is at $ 300 a barrel , but it 's harder when the price of oil drops .
Our goal is to optimize this technology so that it is cost - competitive , renewable , can be produced domestically and is environmentally friendly . "
Roberts adds that an additional benefit to using algae as a fuel source is that the algal cultures would be transportable .
For example , people in a remote area could set up a system to grow the algae and produce the fuel on - site , rather than shipping the finished product thousands of miles .
The first of many parallel steps for the research effort is to mass - culture the best oil - producing strains of Dunaliella , and then to map the Dunaliella genome and identify the genes responsible for regulating the quantities and qualities of the produced fatty acids .
Once that has been done , the researchers plan to replace those genes with genes from other organisms to produce the desired fatty acids and overcome the internal regulatory mechanisms that could potentially limit fatty acid production .
Next , the necessary technology and protocols to grow the algae and extract the fatty acids will need to be fine - tuned .
Simultaneously , the researchers will ascertain which chemical catalysts and operating parameters should be used to optimize the conversion of the fatty acids into the desired fuels .
Finally , the various fuels will be tested to ensure that they can be used in place of conventional diesel , gasoline and jet fuels .
The $ 2 million grant is part of the federal stimulus package and comes from NSF 's Emerging Frontiers in Research and Innovation program .
The funding is spread over four years , with the algae research scheduled for completion in July 2013 , and will draw on the expertise of an interdisciplinary team of scientists from NC State .
The research team includes Roberts , Dr. JoAnn Burkholder , William Neal Reynolds Professor of plant biology ; Dr. Henry Lamb , professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering ; Dr. Heike Sederoff , assistant professor of plant biology ; Dr. Larry Stikeleather , professor of biological and agricultural engineering ; Dr. Amy Grunden , associate professor of microbiology ; and Dr. Wendy Boss , William Neal Reynolds Professor of plant biology .
The researchers will also be collaborating with NC State Ph.D. student Tim Turner , and industry partners Diversified Energy Corp. and Innova Tech .
Source : North Carolina State University ( news : web )
In a recent interview , former president George H. W. Bush lamented the “ coarsening ” of the American political discourse , and was quick to say that the left is as guilty as the right , and that he ’d very much like to offer up the names of some liberal commentators guilty of adding incivility to the political environment .
The names he offers us : Keith Olbermann and Rachel Maddow , who he goes on to claim are “ sick puppies ” for the way they reported on the presidency of his son .
Here ’s a clip containing the senior Bush ’s comments , plus the reactions of both Olbermann and Maddow :
While I certain understand that as father to George W. Bush , George Sr. must certainly take great pain from the wealth of criticism levied at his son over the years .
However , Bush like so many others , fails to realize the following points :
1 - Coarse political criticism has existed since the advent of American politics … and even predates it considerably .
2 - It has neither increased nor decreased in its “ incivility . ”
3 - Perhaps most importantly … not all commentary and criticism is created equal .
The first point made above should be obvious to anyone with even a high school graduate ’s schooling in American History .
For those wishing to learn more about the history of American political discourse , this site is one of the best collections of links that I have ever seen .
From George Washington to Barack Obama , the free press and political publications have been rife with near constant criticism coming from opposing quarters , and sometimes even from within a politician ’s own camp .
Which leads nicely into my second point .
This criticism , historically , was often bombastic …and occasionally vile .
George Washington , despite being arguably the most popular President in U.S. History , was often portrayed as old and indecisive … and his actions regarding our relationships with Britain and France were vociferously objected to by political enemies .
John Adams was mocked openly for his weight , his angry temper , and some of his positions which often resembled more “ monarchic ” thinking than “ democratic . ”
Andrew Jackson was denounced as a country bumpkin , and his wife was referred to as a whore and worse .
Take this political cartoon as an example : notice that Lincoln leans on a circus sign … mocking him for holding blacks in high esteem , while insinuating that his insistence on bringing blacks into the political sphere would do little more than to create a circus side show :
Or this one …portraying Lincoln as no more than a war - hungry idiot , trampling the Constitution :
No…mockery and personal attacks are nothing new to the American political arena .
In fact , it is entirely possible than instead of bemoaning how much our culture and political criticism has changed …we might do better to decry the fact that it has changed so little .
The means of distribution ( cable television , tweets to cellphones , the internet , email ) may have changed , allowing many more citizens to be exposed to the criticism of politicians and their policies , but the content and tone of this criticism has changed little in the last 200 years .
That being said , perhaps the real point missed by Bush Sr. , and so many other Americans , is that all criticism is not created equal .
It is certain that Keith Olbermann and Rachel Maddow criticized George W. Bush with frequency and with passion .
They provided their audiences with facts , reports , studies … and they used an impassioned rhetoric to engage their viewers , to entertain their viewers , and to attempt to arouse their viewers passions to act on the previously mentioned facts , reports , and studies .
There is a word for this : it ’s called activism .
What they told viewers was happening , was truly happening , and what they said would come to pass…did .
A failed war based on a lie .
Far - reaching violations of the Constitution , resulting in abuses to civil liberties .
A failure to keep Americans safe from terrorists .
A failure to aid Americans threatened by a natural disaster .
An economy in ruins .
It is certain that Bill O’Reilly , Glenn Beck , and Rush Limbaugh defended George W. Bush , and criticize Barack Obama , with frequency and passion .
They provide their audiences with distorted information and sometimes outright falsehoods , based on what they know to be their viewers preconceived prejudices and fears … and they use an impassioned rhetoric to engage their viewers , to entertain their viewers , and to attempt to arouse their viewers passions to act on the previously mentioned misinformation and disinformation .
There is a word for this : it ’s called propaganda .
What they tell us is happening , is not and will never be revealed to be , and what they tell us will happen , has no chance of occurring .
No communist America .
No destruction of the upper class .
No widespread abandonment of morality .
No being absorbed into some “ international monolithic world order . “
No “ shadow government ” of czars .
These different approaches can be seen reflected in those listening to the commentators who employ them .
Moderates and liberals watched Olbermann and Maddow .
They learned of Bush ’s subversions of the Constitution , his foreign policy debacles , his hawkish deceptions , and his economic blunders as they were occurring … and they were displeased .
Moderates and conservatives similarly watched O’Reilly , Beck , and Limbaugh .
They remained blissfully ignorant of Bush ’s actions and the consequences , many of them immediate , to our country .
They would excuse and defend Bush ’s actions right up until the point that he was no longer politically necessary and viable .
But it was too late .
The damage was done .
And now they join in the conservative chorus , propelled by conservative pundits , to criticize and denounce all efforts by a new , Democratic president to engage in much - needed reform and to undo the damage of his predecessor both at home and abroad .
In short , they failed to see what one president was doing AS HE WAS DOING IT … yet feel they have the capacity with the current president to predict WHAT THE FUTURE OUTCOMES of his actions will be .
I ’m sorry , George Bush .
I know it must be hard to hear of the comprehensive failings of your son .
But to object to those people who were trying to tell us of these failings as they were occurring , as opposed to those who told conservatives of them only once it was already too late … is irresponsible .
This criticism of yours represents a level of self - delusion and petulance that is not suited to a man of your years and political experience .
And to group all contemporary political criticism together , does a disservice to the both the critics and the American people … who desperately need to learn how to tell which they should be listening to , and which they should be ignoring .
IT has been an accepted " truth " over recent years that ruthless men have been trafficking helpless female sex - slaves into Ireland for prostitution .
Why , even I believed it ; and it's been a while since I was last invited into the feminist shower to share the soap .
But a recent analysis of a nationwide police operation in Britain against sex - trafficking failed to find a single woman who had been forced into prostitution .
Moreover , this absence of any suitable victims was effectively concealed in order to confirm the fiction of wholesale forcible trafficking .
And the newspaper which revealed this was none other than the ' Guardian ' , which is not exactly famed for its Readers '
Wives page .
The British operation against sex traffickers , Operation Pentameter Two in which 528 people were arrested , was hailed by police and politicians as a great success .
" Months of planning and intelligence - gathering from all the stakeholders involved " had , it was claimed , led to the break - up of major trafficking cartels : though anyone who could use " stakeholder " in such a context must be so deluded by the jargon of process and ideology as to utter any old rubbish .
Which , as we now know , was the case .
So of the 528 " arrests " , 122 did n't happen .
Someone either lied or got carried away .
Moreover , nearly one - fifth of the 55 police forces participating in the British investigation arrested no one .
Over half of the 406 arrests , 230 , were of women -- so much for the ruthless male caricature -- and 106 of the 406 were released without charge .
Some 200 of the 406 were cautioned or charged in connection with irrelevant , non-trafficking offences .
Another 67 people were charged " in connection with trafficking " , whatever that might mean : optics , probably .
But even then , most of those charges simply vanished without trace in the bureaucratic maw .
So , finally , 22 people were prosecuted -- including two women who had originally been " rescued " by police as victims of trafficking .
Seven were acquitted .
Of the 15 actually found guilty of bringing women into Britain to work as prostitutes , not one -- NOT ONE -- is known to have coerced anyone into selling sex .
In other words , the imported girls chose to work as prostitutes .
But thanks largely to the ideologically tainted data resulting from Operation Pentameter Two , the British parliament is passing a bill which will make it a criminal offence for a man to have sex with a prostitute who is " controlled for gain " even if he is ignorant of her condition .
So if a man wants paid sex with a woman he will probably seek the services of a street walker , rather than a girl in a massage parlour .
This could flush working girls on to the street , where they are more vulnerable to pimps and to violent sex offenders .
But of course , the physical vulnerability of working girls is seldom high amongst the moral priorities of " reformers " .
The Irish support group for prostitutes , Ruhama , recently reported that more women in Ireland are working as prostitutes and blames the economic crisis .
Which means , of course , that some women are choosing to make money through sex .
Despite this , Ruhama wants men who use prostitutes to be criminalised -- which is rather like the Busworkers '
Union demanding that passengers who pay bus fares should face imprisonment .
Has Ruhama conducted a poll amongst the sex workers of Ireland about its policies ?
I suspect the girls would prefer the fuzz just left their punters alone .
Simon Coveney
TD put himself firmly on the side of the angels when he recently repeated the Rumaha demand .
( Well , there 's nothing really like imprisoning people and ruining their lives to make our self - appointed governesses feel better about themselves ) .
HE declared that in Sweden the criminalisation of men who paid for sex had driven down the amount of prostitution .
Where does that oft - repeated claim come from ?
If the sex trade has gone underground , how can the Sisters of Sweden confidently know how much illegal sex is going on ?
And might not the Mayor of Chicago have made the same claim about liquor in 1926 ?
All gone ; booze is history !
Unsurprisingly , the National Women 's Council here has never sought to defend the welfare and legal position of working girls , as working girls .
For the feminist position on prostitution is predicated on a series of conjoined but contradictory intellectual principles , a fairly common phenomenon -- dare I say it -- within the female mind .
One is that a ) women are intrinsically victims , and b ) women are intrinsically equal .
Another bipolar twinset is that a ) women 's bodies are solely their own business , and b ) women may not use their bodies for whatever purposes that feminists consider " degrading " .
There 's nowhere you can logically go with that cerebral porridge so cut to the real agenda , the one that gives feminists goose - bumps of pleasure , and try to punish men instead .
Needless to say , the heresy that adults should be allowed to decide how , as free individuals , they 're going to behave is excluded a priori .
And perhaps this is in its own way " normal " , for the punishment - scolding instincts of the nanny are probably as widespread amongst humans as are the wanton ways of the harlot .
Just give me the non-judgmental company of harlots any day .
kmyers@independent.ie
Irish Independent
Alcohol consumption has long been linked to cancer and its spread , but the underlying mechanism has never been clear .
Now , researchers at Rush University Medical Center have identified a cellular pathway that may explain the link .
In a study published in a recent issue of Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research , the researchers found that alcohol stimulates what is called the epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition , in which run -of - the - mill cancer cells morph into a more aggressive form and begin to spread throughout the body .
" Our data are the first to show that alcohol turns on certain signals inside a cell that are involved in this critical transition , " said Christopher Forsyth , PhD , assistant professor of medicine and biochemistry at Rush University Medical Center and lead author of the study .
The epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition is a hot area of research right now , implicated in the process whereby cancer cells become metastatic .
A large body of laboratory and clinical research suggests that it plays a key role in making cancer cells aggressive .
" Cancer cells become dangerous when they metastasize , " Forsyth said .
" Surgery can remove a tumor , but aggressive tumor cells invade tissues throughout the body and take over .
If we can thwart this transition , we can limit cancer 's toll . "
The researchers treated colon and breast cancer cell lines with alcohol and then looked for the biochemical hallmarks of the epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition , including evidence of a transcription factor called Snail and of the receptor for epidermal growth factor .
Snail controls the epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition ; when overexpressed in mice , it induces the formation of multiple tumors .
Epidermal growth factor is required by many cancer cells .
" They need lots of it , " Forsyth said .
" They are addicted to it . "
Laboratory tests showed that alcohol activated both these and other biochemicals characteristic of the epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition .
Tests also demonstrated that the alcohol - treated cells had lost their tight junctions with adjacent cells , a preparation for migrating , as metastatic cells do .
In addition , Forsyth and his colleagues found that the same roster of biomarkers was activated in normal intestinal cells treated with alcohol , suggesting that alcohol not only worsens the profile of existing cancer cells but also may initiate cancer by stimulating the epithelial - to - mesenchymal transition .
Your Chance to Contribute to an Open Source Project
I originally created a simple site monitoring Python script and posted it up to github as a “ gist ” : 177420 .
It was then improved by Eric Wendelin who forked my original gist and made it better in this gist : 187610 .
Eric had made the script much more “ pythonic ” and really made the code more usable and expendable which he explains in his blog post , Site monitoring with Python and cron .
He had made the script accept command line arguments and even added a way to send email through Python if you did n’t want to setup your own mail daemon .
I thought his additions were a great example of open source coding in action .
What does this have to do with Nix ?
Well on the surface it does n’t directly relate to Linux .
The project itself is more useful for web designers and people that host websites ; however , I thought this was a perfect example of open source coding and wanted to share it with you .
Open source code and community programming is what Linux was made from .
This project does n’t contribute to the Linux kernel or anything super important but it is a very simple script that is now open to the public for review and improvement .
Ever wanted to contribute to a project but did n’t know where to start ?
If you ever wanted to contribute and feel part of an open source community now is your chance .
I feel like this is a very small project and it could be improved by ANYONE with the smallest amount of Python experience .
We are not asking you to know how a kernel works or for you to start writing device drivers , just a simple Python script .
This is a great opportunity for you to learn the nature of open source software and the community that powers Linux and some of the best programs around .
I ’m even going to give you the steps you need to get going !
Download Git
Download Git. ( sudo apt - get install git )
Clone the Project
git clone git://github.com/sanbornm/Site-Monitor.git
Make Changes
Now make some changes .
Something I personally would like to see in this code is the ability to generate a graph of response times .
Other things could include :
Threshold for alert on slow response time
Support for a config file
I am not a Programmer but I still want to contribute !
If you are not a programmer but still want to contribute to the open source community and learn a little about how it all works please consider going to the project website and submit a feature request ( click create issue ) .
This will give us an idea about what you would like to see in the script and help shape future versions .
See you in the open source community !
People are outraged lately with Citi ( C ) , because the bank is jacking up credit card rates and cutting of customers without notice .
We asked them for comment and here 's what VP of Public Affairs Samuel Wang had to say :
“ Citi has decided to close a limited number of Oil partner co-branded MasterCard accounts .
Citi continuously evaluates how to best meet the needs of its retailer partners and , in consultation with our partners , we periodically make adjustments to the products we offer consumers . ”
That 's not too helpful , and it does n't address the thousands of people who have had their interest rates jacked up to 29.99 % .
So we pinged Bill Hardekopf , CEO of Lowcards.com on the matter , and here are some key points he mentioned :
The president 's chief economic adviser warned Friday that the nation 's unemployment rate could stay ' unacceptably high ' for years to come .
Adviser : High unemployment for years
The president ’s chief economic adviser warned Friday that the nation ’s unemployment rate could stay “ unacceptably high ” for years to come — a situation that would seriously complicate Barack Obama ’s ability to convince Americans that he ’s beating back the recession .
“ The level of unemployment is unacceptably high , ” National Economic Council Director Larry Summers said Friday .
“ And will , by all forecasts , remain unacceptably high for a number of years . ”
Advertisement
Summers ’ comments came in a briefing with reporters ahead of Obama ’s speech in New York City on Monday , marking the one - year anniversary of the collapse of Lehman Brothers , an event widely regarded as having created a panic that caused the global economic meltdown .
Even with his gloomy forecast for unemployment , Summers said the economy is getting better and made the case that Obama ’s $ 787 billion stimulus package and other fiscal rescue steps headed off even more economic pain .
“ We are making a clear transition from rescue as a priority of public policy to sustained recovery , ” Summers said .
“ We have moved back from the brink of financial catastrophe . ”
“ Today , the question is , when will the recession phase end ? ” Summers said .
He said the forecast is “ for economic growth at a significant rate during the second half of 2009 . ”
But as is usually the case in economic recovery , job creation continues to lag .
The national unemployment rate is at 9.7 percent , a 26 - year high , and Obama has repeatedly said he ultimately expects it to hit double - digits before beginning to fall again .
The economy lost 216,000 jobs in the month of August , which was fewer than the July number of 276,000 .
Overall , 6.9 million jobs have been lost in the recession , which economists call the worst since the Great Depression .
With his remarks about sustained high unemployment , Summers touched on one of the most sensitive issues in the economy , closely watched by average Americans as a key reading of the nation ’s economic health .
Unemployment is probably the single most important statistic for Democrats eyeing the mid-term Congressional elections next fall .
If the unemployment rate begins to decline , the White House may have an easier time convincing voters that its enormous stimulus spending and massive federal intervention into the economy were effective .
But if all the White House ’s enormous efforts are unable to move the needle on unemployment , a so - called “ jobless recovery ” could seriously hamper the president ’s party in the mid-terms .
White House spokesman Matthew Vogel said , " The President and the economic team are committed to tackling unemployment and are focused every single day on getting Americans back to work .
Many economic indicators have turned positive , but employment is a lagging indicator and obviously the toughest nut to crack .
We are confident that we are headed in the right direction , but that there 's no room for complacency even as we see a return to growth later this year . "
At the briefing , Summers walked a fine line between taking credit for the economic turnaround and declaring premature victory over the crisis .
“ These problems were not made in a week or a month or a year , ” Summers said .
“ They are not going to be fixed in a week or a month or a year . ”
And he used the opportunity to make a pitch for the passage of financial regulatory reform – a key theme of Obama ’s address Monday at Federal Hall near Wall Street .
The administration ’s proposals to change the rules of the road on Wall Street have been languishing on Capitol Hill .
“ We believe that this is the year , after what has happened , to overhaul financial regulation , ” Summers said .
Earlier in the week , the White House said its research indicated the $ 787 - billion economic stimulus bill passed earlier this year had saved or created 1 million jobs so far .
That ’s on pace , officials said , to hit the president ’s goal of saving or creating 3.5 million jobs by the time the program ends in 2010 .
And on Friday , the White House put out a raft of statistics to emphasize its point that the economy is responding to the forceful efforts of the Obama team .
The so - called Wall Street “ fear index ” is down by 58 percent since Inauguration Day ; the S&P 500 is up 30 percent ; and the LIBOR - OIS spread , which is widely seen as a measure of stress in the credit markets , is down 87 percent .
Looking back to global economic history , Summers said , “ I ’m not aware of any case in which so profound a crisis was addressed so forcefully and quickly . ”
Summers also offered his thoughts on the TARP corporate bailout program , which has turned a profit on the amounts of money that have been repaid by large banks so far .
But he said it would n’t be “ reasonable ” to expect that the entire program could turn a profit , because much of the money has been spent on inherently money losing efforts .
The minutes of Akhromeyev ’s meeting with the Politburo were recently unearthed by American and Russian scholars of the cold war  these and other materials substantially expand our knowledge of the Soviet Union ’s disastrous campaign .
As President Obama contemplates America ’s own future in Afghanistan , he would be well advised to read some of these revealing Politburo papers ; he might also pick up a few riveting memoirs of Soviet generals who fought there .
These sources show as many similarities between the two wars as differences  and may provide the administration with some valuable counsel .
Much of the fighting during the Soviet war in Afghanistan was in places that have grown familiar to us now , like Kandahar and Helmand Provinces .
The Soviets ’ main base of operations was Bagram , which is now the United States Army headquarters .
Over the years , the Soviets changed their tactics frequently , but much of the time they were trying and failing to pacify the country ’s problematic south and east , often conducting armed sweeps along the border with Pakistan , through which many of the guerrillas moved , as the Taliban do now .
That war was characterized by disputes between soldiers and politicians .
As Russian documents show , the politicians ordered the invasion against the advice of the armed forces .
The chief of the Soviet Defense Staff , Marshal Nikolai Ogarkov , raised doubts shortly before Soviet forces were dispatched on Christmas Day 1979 .
He told Dmitri Ustinov  the long - serving defense minister who had been a favorite of Stalin  that experience from the British and czarist armies in the 19th century should encourage caution .
Ustinov replied : “ Are the generals now making policy in the Soviet Union ?
Your job is to plan specific operations and carry them out ... .
Shut up and obey orders . ”
Ogarkov went further up the chain of command to the Communist Party boss , Leonid Brezhnev .
He warned that an invasion “ could mire us in unfamiliar , difficult conditions and would align the entire Islamic East against us . ”
He was cut off mid-sentence : “ Focus on military matters , ” Brezhnev ordered .
“ Leave the policymaking to us . ”
Image Credit ... Luba Lukova
The Soviet leaders realized they had blundered soon after the invasion .
Originally , the mission was simply to support the Communist government  the result of a coup Moscow had initially tried to prevent , and then had no choice but to back  and then get out within a few months .
But the mujahideen ’s jihad against the godless Communists had enormous popular support within the country , and from outside .
Money and sophisticated weapons poured in from America and Saudi Arabia , through Pakistan .
On Wednesday , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) issued a criticism of Burning Man ’s ongoing efforts to protect the rights of our participants , and our efforts to forestall the creep of commercialism into the foundations of our culture .
Burning Man deeply respects the efforts of the EFF , and frankly , would ourselves like to embrace their opinion – but we do n’t think the issue is as simple as Corynne McSherry would have you believe .
Just like the EFF , we honestly seek to think outside old paradigms and boxes of “ creative property ” in the digital age , but we view Black Rock City through a more complicated lens , and our view of issues facing creative ownership is not rendered in extremes of black and white .
To us , the rights of the individual participant to privacy while in Black Rock City in this unique environment for free expression — and our philosophical desire to maintain it out of reach of those who would exploit that expression just to sell cars or soft drinks — happens to come first .
In fact , there are but two essential reasons we maintain these increased controls on behalf of our community : to protect our participants so that images that violate their privacy are not displayed , and to prevent companies from using Burning Man to sell products .
As the manager of the volunteer team tasked with expressing and enforcing Burning Man ’s image use and trademark policies ( essentially , the very “ finger ” that ’s resting on McSherry ’s dreaded DMCA takedown trigger ) , and as an acquaintance to several EFF board members and founders that prowl Black Rock City every year , I find this one - sided interpretation of BRC ’s camera / trademark policies a startling disappointment .
The gist is true on the surface : Burning Man retains rather an enhanced level of control over public image use of photos and video from the event than what exists in the public realm .
Image use requests and trademark issues litter my desk year - round ; more than 50 volunteers and another paid member of our staff support the Media and IP team efforts — and it ’s all done precisely in the interest of supporting individual creative expression , not suppressing it .
The narrow view presented by the EFF misses the point of Burning Man ’s concern by a wide margin .
What ’s more unfortunate , it offers no viable suggestions for how to effectively address those concerns – concerns we did not invent in a vacuum , after all , but which were evolved in response to our years of interaction with our own participants ( and , as participants , our interactions with camera users at our event ) .
One could nearly infer that the EFF places the rights of the photographer / videographer ( who may or may not have been participants and contributors in BRC before arriving at its gates seeking a photographers ’ paradise ) above any rights for the subjects of those images , the people and artists of Black Rock City whose creative works and self - expression are on display .
Yes , our rules about photography are different from the outside world – but is n’t BRC ’s unique environment what makes Burning Man transformative in the first place ?
Believe me , I ’d love to see a better solution than wading through piles of images to approve certain public uses ( and turn down or enforce against others ) every year , but after 10 years working with these licenses and observing their utility during the evolution of the digital age , the only thing I ’m certain of is that the issue is not as simple as the EFF would like you to think .
Example : find me a participant who would vote “ yes ” on seeing a video or photo of the Man burning , or their own art car or sculpture , in a car commercial .
You probably can’t — but even the Creative Commons Noncommercial license would n’t enable Burning Man itself to enforce against such use , nor the dozens of other similar violations it sees each year because the car company would claim ( correctly ) that Burning Man has no standing to enforce the Creative Commons license , only the photographer does — and what if the photographer was the one who sold the image to the ad agency in the first place ?
What if we could n’t locate the photographer to join forces with us ?
A Creative Commons license simply does not provide Burning Man the direct ability to enforce against such use – something we ’ve unfortunately run up against many times as we work to keep such commercialist wolves at bay .
Further , our current license and approval framework allows us to protect participants from being featured as photographic subjects in ways that might violate their privacy or inhibit free expression in BRC .
For example , it provided the very backbone of our case in 2002 when Voyeur Video surreptitiously obtained footage of dozens of nude participants over a span of several years and began releasing the tapes , under the name “ Rainbow Fire Festival . ”
Because of Burning Man ’s requirement that all motion video users in BRC sign a Personal Use Agreement and agree not to exploit such footage publicly for commercial gain without additional permission , we were able to prevail in this matter — not only ending the sale of the Voyeur Video tapes , but legally requiring its producers to agree not to return to Black Rock City .
We ’re proud that Black Rock City ( a private event held on public land ) is widely acknowledged as a bastion of creative freedom .
I ’m convinced that Burning Man participants have greater protection from the aforementioned kinds of exploitation than they are afforded at events elsewhere – but that protection does necessitate the acceptance of some general terms of engagement when it comes to cameras , and the use of logos and marks .
Carrying a camera in BRC bears a weighty responsibility : the cultural expectation that you ’ll ask first before you shoot has become second nature to Burning photographers / videographers ; the newcomer with a camera seeking a news or documentary story undergoes an intensive acculturation process at the hands of Media Mecca , and signs an agreement that binds him / her to the Rights and Responsibilities outlined for all shooters at the event .
Post - event , Burning Man maintains a mandatory review of all imagery to be used commercially prior to its publication — a time - consuming undertaking , but one that affords an opportunity to monitor for uses of footage and imagery that are exploitative of participant privacy or artists ’ rights , or are overtly commercial in nature .
And indeed , Burning Man is compelled ( indeed , mandated , really ) to enforce its own trademarks ( “ Burning Man ” “ Black Rock City ” and “ Decompression ” ) from commercial exploitation as well – but we ’ve never indicated any desire to interfere with tagging images with “ Burning Man ” on sharing sites or talking about it online — nor indeed , to censor anyone from engaging in criticism or negative commentary about the event on personal , editorial , or third - party sites , as the EFF seems to infer .
This is where their argument really falls apart .
Want proof ?
We ’ve not engaged in trying to censor or remove certain third party sites containing criticisms of Burning Man using our trademarked names ( some of these URL ’s even contain “ Burning Man ” alongside derogatory phrases , but they ’re obviously social commentary , and of little concern so long as they remain free of either violations of privacy or commercial content ) .
We ’ve equally never intervened on any of the many ( hundreds ? thousands ? ) of Burning Man related debates or criticisms on sites like Tribe. net or Facebook .
While we will work our tails off protecting these marks from being used to sell you a widget , we ’re frankly too busy engaging with all the good things people say and do around this culture to worry much about a few sour grapes … and often , we learn from constructive criticism and request it from our participants — heck , we ’re all Burners here too , so we ’ve doled out plenty of it to ourselves over the years .
And when it comes to enforcement , our first approach in an interaction is nearly always just a personal and polite note or call .
Most often , when people use imagery of Burning Man without permission for advertising or other overtly commercial purposes , they ’ve done so because they ’re not aware of our particular policies prohibiting such use — and a friendly conversation with one of our IP volunteers is enough to reach happy resolution .
Sure , some folks do n’t like it , especially those who have n’t been to the event , but when we ’re dealing with a Burner , they tend to be understanding .
When the “ big guns ” of the DMCA takedown notice come into play , it generally comes after we ’ve exhausted all other options .
But how often does it happen ?
In the past year , Burning Man has issued five successful DMCA takedown notices to four independent websites , and one to YouTube .
Three of those were porn- related sites containing nude photos that clearly violated the participant ’s privacy ; the other two were commercial advertisements for unrelated products ( including , in the case of YouTube , a blatant infomercial of a commercial - goods “ gift ” distributed for promotional purposes at the event , shot entirely without permission ) .
Granted , we ca n’t say whether the Burners in those porn site photos would ever have found those images of themselves online , nor had the capacity or means to respond even if they had — but in such instances a DMCA was necessitated because it was clear that there were no model releases on file ( indeed , subjects are frequently shot from far away and totally unaware of the camera in photos like these ) , and the content was presented in a salacious and / or pornographic manner .
We feel strongly that Burning Man can and should be a place where there are controls to prevent this sort of surreptitious exploitation , and we act to incite quick response to protect that privacy .
When an image is used for advertising , we are no less firm , but mindful of the human touch in requesting removal ; a DMCA notice is a last resort .
For one such site taken down with the DMCA notice last year , the vendor , an outdoor outfitter , used the Burning Man symbol , photos of the Man , and text lifted from Burningman.com on their website to sell camping supplies .
Our volunteer team made numerous friendly telephone calls and e-mails , and received multiple promises on the part of the site ’s owner that he would correct the violations .
After a couple of weeks with no results , we finally decided that stronger action was necessary , and issued a successful DMCA notice resulting in the removal of all related imagery and marks .
If we did permit photographers to issue Creative Commons licensing for their Burning Man imagery , it would prohibit our ability to prevent both these types of exploitation .
If a photographer decided to license a photo of the Man to Hummer for use in an advertisement , the only remedy available would be filing suit against the photographer for breach of contract – a much more expensive and loathsome proposition than the occasional Cease and Desist or DMCA notice — and more importantly , it would do nothing to remove the photo from the Hummer ad .
I ’m doubtful that participants would be keen on absorbing that kind of repeat legal expense annually in their ticket prices , nor on giving up the protections they ’ve enjoyed in Black Rock City for over 10 years .
Of course , there ’s another way we could get the necessary privacy and noncommercial protection — and some have suggested it over the years : we could prevent any taking of photographs at the event .
Certainly you ’ve seen similar prohibitions at concerts and other types of events .
After all , Burning Man is a private event ( with 40,000 of your closest friends ) .
But we do n’t want to do that — photography and filmmaking are forms of self - expression too , ones we value very much from our participants .
But the EFF seems to think that anyone attending any event somehow has an absolute right to take photographs , and then to do whatever they want with those images without any effective restriction or manner of enforcement .
While we believe that such rights do make sense for any of us taking pictures in purely public spaces , this is not true in the private space of Burning Man — if it were it would mean that Burning Man could n’t protect participant privacy or prevent commercialization of imagery .
Another important fact to note : despite having this policy in place for years ( this policy is far from new ) , the EFF , when it comes up with the parade of what Burning Man could do under the strict terms of our photo policy , has no examples of anything that Burning Man has done while enforcing the policies that it claims are wrong .
That ’s because , as I discuss here , we work hard to ensure that these policies are narrowly enforced just as to serious violations .
We do n’t remove images from pages just because they criticize us ( I ’ve never been involved in taking down an image from an editorial blog criticizing Burning Man , and it ’s certainly not because there have n’t been any ! ) .
We ’re also not at all interested preventing participants from sharing their personal imagery or impressions of the event on third party sharing sites in a noncommercial manner , so long as they observe the concerns about privacy and commercialism .
We ’re delighted to see people sharing videos , stories , and pictures on our official Facebook page , and we know that it , along with Flickr , YouTube , Vimeo , etc. are representative of the way many of us share personal imagery in the digital age .
Frankly , we ’d rather gouge out our own eyes than get in the way of that kind of personal expression in our community .
That ’s why we ’ve engaged with groups like the EFF and Creative Commons to continue exploring and evolving our policies to reflect the evolution of intellectual property itself .
In fact , Burning Man ’s lead attorney on intellectual property , Terry Gross , was the EFF ’s first General Counsel — and he wrote the very licenses to which Ms. McSherry objects in the post , but she unfortunately fails to mention that their ongoing conversation behind the scenes has , even before her post , been helping us to frame the next step in evolving the licensing of image use at Burning Man .
Earlier in 2009 Burning Man ’s Executive Committee undertook an examination of these issues , and we began to talk about evolving the language and the spirit of those agreements to more accurately reflect the changing digital rights landscape , while retaining our right to protect our participants and the spirit of the Burning Man event .
This work continues and will heavily advise our image use / trademark enforcement processes in the coming years .
At the South By Southwest Interactive festival in March , I attended a panel called “ How to Protect Your Brand Without Being Evil , ” which was hosted by members of the EFF , the Creative Commons , and Lawyers for the Arts .
After 45 minutes of enraptured listening , I stood in the audience to address them with this very issue – “ But how can we evolve along with these issues in the digital age while still protecting our participants and artists in such a rare environment for self - expression ? ”
While nobody in the room seemed to have the answers ( nor did they take me up on my offer to buy them dinner and hammer it out , sadly — guys , if you ’re reading , I ’d love to hear from you ! ) , we did seem to agree that Burning Man occupies a rare and unusual corner of the digital rights landscape , one without simple answers .
We hope the EFF — and you — will join us in a dialogue about how to attend to the desires of our participants for an atmosphere of free expression while accommodating for this evolution .
For 2009 , because we still think it ’s the right thing to do , the licenses and ticket back agreement remain basically as they have been — in the interest of protecting your right to freely express yourself in Black Rock City .
As much as I love and appreciate a lawyerly brain ( ask anyone ) , I hope that forward - thinking legally minded folks like Ms. McSherry will step out from behind the legal lens of this narrow interpretation , and dialogue with us about how we might continue to evolve alongside this new digital culture while still remaining true to the foundation of respect for self - expression that has made Burning Man a cultural phenomenon for so many years .
The issue of personal rights of privacy , and the preservation of experience over the rights of commercializing that experience is a subject that affects more than just Burning Man participants .
Your thoughts on the EFF post and our response are welcome !
Or , if you have concerns , questions , a counterpoint , or indeed , violations to report , please drop us a note at ip@burningman.com .
( Note : all images are courtesy their photographers and the Burning Man Image Gallery – visit to view each page containing the photographer ’s website and contact information . )
( EDIT : The author regrets her failure to acknowledge Dan O’Day , Rosalie Barnes , Lightning Clearwater , and Marian Goodell for their significant contributions to this piece . )
October 21 , 2009
The new LGBT movement for equality is setting an example that can help provide a vision and strategy for other struggles for change .
THE 200,000 - strong National Equality March in Washington , D.C. , was a powerful statement of the demands of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) people for equality -- and their refusal to be put off by pleas for patience and moderation .
But it was also something else : an inspiring glimpse of what future struggles against injustice can be .
David Mixner , a veteran activist and one of the initiators of the march , afterward celebrated the " new generation of leadership " that came to the fore .
" You can indeed teach an old dog new tricks ! "
Mixner said of the influence young organizers had on him .
" Their vision of full equality now is a powerful one .
Those of us who have seen so many years of empty promises from our allies can only be renewed with their passion and commitment . "
Daniel Chandler , writing in the Nation , said he thought the most inspiring part of the weekend was n't the march itself , but " the energy , the impatience , the vision and the leadership bubbling up in the strategy and activist events surrounding the march that opened my eyes to the potential significance of the changes under way within the LGBT community . "
More than 200,000 people raised their voices for LGBT equality ( Kit Lyons )
Anyone who took hope last November from the wipeout of the Republican right and the victory of the first African American president -- and who has been frustrated since by an Obama administration that concedes to the right at every step - - ought to have seen in the march a vindication of their expectations of a new era and encouragement to get to work organizing .
Anyone does n't include Barney Frank , though .
The veteran Democratic congressman and first openly gay member of the House did n't even bother to hide his contempt for protesters .
Attending the march was a " waste of time at best , " Frank told a reporter a few days before .
" The only thing they 're going to be putting pressure on is the grass . "
Frank 's fellow Democrats in the White House were equally mocking .
According to NBC News ' John Harwood , administration officials viewed demonstrators -- and , in fact , anyone who criticizes Obama from the left -- as an " Internet left fringe " that " needs to take off their pajamas , get dressed and realize that governing a closely divided country is complicated and difficult . "
Even after the march 's size surpassed all expectations , including those of organizers , the same peevish attitude prevailed .
When asked by e-mail if he would communicate to Barney Frank that he had pissed off a generation of activists , Frank 's legislative assistant , Diego Miguel Sanchez , replied : " I think that generation of activists better make some calls to DC , because we have not been asked for any more co-sponsors or support from legislators , and THAT is the work we need done to move laws ... People should be pissed that we have no laws , not that someone did n't want to play at their party . "
IN ADDITION to its condescension , Sanchez 's message is notable for the way it reflects the narrowness of official Washington .
The chief way to evaluate progress on a political issue is n't the fact that more than 200,000 people got themselves to Washington to make their voices heard -- or that even larger numbers of people 's ideas are being reshaped by demonstrations like this one -- but the number of co-sponsors on a piece of legislation .
To Democrats like Sanchez who claim to be doing the " real work " in the halls of Congress -- and to mainstream liberal organizations , like the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) , that operate inside the Washington bubble and have adopted the same world view - - everything is seen through the lens of the glacially paced legislative process , with all its insider deals and inevitable concessions to " political realism . "
The same people who insisted until 2006 that we had to wait until the Democrats took back Congress , and until 2008 that we had to wait until there was a Democrat in the White House , are still calling for patience .
The question is :
What are we waiting for ?
The clearest possible example of why the insiders ' game is a dead end came the night before the march , at an HRC - sponsored dinner that featured Barack Obama speaking to a crowd of several hundred .
Obama won a standing ovation for his finely phrased restatements of his campaign promises to scrap the Pentagon 's " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , repeal the Defense of Marriage Act , and pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act .
But he made no commitment to actually pressing forward on these goals .
Columnist Dan Savage 's sarcastic comment --" Imagine all the wonderful things this guy is going to accomplish if he ever actually gets elected president " -- was dead on .
Obama 's speech could have been lifted from a campaign appearance a year ago -- that 's how much " progress " has been made by the HRC 's strategy of aligning itself with the leaders of the Democratic Party , and urging moderation until they act .
By contrast , the National Equality March would have been unimaginable a year ago .
It 's the product of a new stage of the LGBT movement , sparked by the storm of protest in reaction to the victory of the Proposition 8 gay marriage ban in California .
Those protests spread from the biggest California cities to the state as a whole , and across the country .
New organizations formed overnight , drawing in young people with little or no experience in activist politics , but with priceless enthusiasm for organizing .
These forces were the backbone for a national mobilization that set its sights even higher than same - sex marriage rights -- full equality for LGBT people in all matters governed by civil law , in all 50 states .
THERE'S AN important lesson here that can be seen in all the great struggles for social justice of the past :
When the fight for change -- whether the abolition of slavery , or the building of unions , or the defeat of Jim Crow - - ran up against established reform or labor organizations that demanded moderation and obstructed further action , the movement itself had to throw up new leaders and formations to take the struggle forward .
Thus , the civil rights movement of the 1950s and '60s overcame the conservatism of groups like the NAACP with its own organizations , like Martin Luther King 's Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee .
Cleve Jones , one of the main leaders of the National Equality March , was right to talk about the " need to look back to 1963 , when the great heroes of the historic civil rights movement were having exactly the same conversation that we are having today . "
Jones was talking specifically about the importance of a national strategy that looks to the federal government enacting legislation that applies to all 50 states , rather than a state - by - state strategy .
But the point applies more broadly .
At every stage of the struggle , the civil rights movement in the Jim Crow South was faced with calls to slow down and be moderate .
" For years now , " King wrote in his Letter from a Birmingham Jail , " I have heard the word ' Wait ! '
It rings in the ear of every Negro with piercing familiarity .
This ' Wait ' has almost always meant ' Never . '
We must come to see , with one of our distinguished jurists , that ' justice too long delayed is justice denied . ' "
King and other movement leaders certainly looked to Northern Democrats like John F. Kennedy to enact civil rights legislation .
But they recognized that the strength of the movement - - its ability to force politicians to act -- lay in organizing and protest at the grassroots , even when that meant enduring not only the brutality of the Southern political power structure , but the hostility of their " allies " in Washington .
It was n't an easy struggle , nor was it won overnight .
But the actions of the many thousands of people , committed to seeing an end to Jim Crow segregation and equal rights for African Americans , changed history .
The new LGBT movement for civil rights is marching in these footsteps today .
Its example can help provide a vision and strategy for the other movements for change -- against America 's wars and occupations , to rebuild the labor movement , to challenge a free - market system that produces poverty and inequality -- that desperately need to be built today .
LAIKA is neither bold nor thin , but swings between these extremes .
Its form is no longer defined statically , but alters dynamically .
As well as the font ’s weight , its contrast , serif lengths and italic angles all shift dynamically .
All these parameters can be driven and influenced by a range of inputs , in order to create a typeface that changes constantly in real time .
LAIKA requires a whole new , dynamic understanding of typography .
Why should a typeface be rigidly set , if it is not going to be printed ?
In a dynamic medium , why should n’t the form and the character of the typeface be understood dynamically as well ?
Why should n’t its forms change , transform , and respond to circumstances ?
Prototypical applications show their potential in combination with interactive , audiovisual inputs , data requested from the Internet in real - time ( RSS feeds ) , and electronic components such as sensors or simple switches .
In this way , an advertising text could react to passers - by , stock market prices could influence a corporate typeface , or ECG measurements taken while writing could breathe new emotional life into digital love letters .
With LAIKA , there is finally a font that can seamlessly use the whole spectrum of its cuts .
A font that is able to move between its extremes in real time .
An interactive font that is able to respond to its surroundings .
A font that questions deadlocked dogmas and throws up completely new design questions , and thus has the potential to revolutionise the understanding of digital typography .
At Blumenthal Nordrehaug Bhowmik De Blouw LLP , our San Diego employment lawyers , Los Angeles employment attorneys and San Francisco labor attorneys understand how difficult it can be for employees to fight back against companies that violate California labor laws .
Regardless of whether you are looking for a wrongful termination lawyer in San Diego , Overtime pay lawyer in San Francisco or class action lawyer in Los Angeles , our employment law firm can help you effectively fight back against your current or former employer ’s illegal practices .
Take action now and contact our labor lawyers for free legal advice about your rights at work .
The most important decision employees have to make is which employment law firm to contact for free legal advice .
At Blumenthal Nordrehaug Bhowmik De Blouw LLP , our employment law attorneys have the resources and experience companies fear in litigation .
Our labor lawyers make sure that our clients get ALL of the wages they are owed when companies violate California labor laws .
Perhaps it is time for Professor Richard Dawkins to scale down his famous campaign on behalf of godlessness .
His great enemy , religious faith , may not be defeated but , on recent evidence , the Church of England at least is developing a talent for self - sabotage .
That stock character of English life , the local vicar , is changing .
Not so long ago parish vicars tended to be easy - going , kindly , somewhat anonymous figures .
Their brand of Anglicanism was light on heaven and hell , fire and brimstone , rules and punishment .
Indeed , it sometimes seemed that belief itself was optional ; a muzzy sense that there was probably something beyond human life was enough .
Those who criticised the Church of England for lacking fervour and precision were missing the point .
It was precisely the lack of passionate certainty which appealed to the English .
Now a new type of vicar , representing a more aggressive and vigorous Anglicanism , is among us .
He not only sees himself as a key member of the community , but expects to be treated as such .
For him ( women vicars are invariably less afflicted with ego ) , the churches where he presides are like a somewhat exclusive club where he makes and enforces the rules .
Those occasions when religious floating voters turn to the church – weddings , baptisms , funerals , Christmas – are no longer moments for inclusiveness and quiet recruitment .
They are an opportunity for triumphalism and division .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Propelled by a powerful sense of his own importance , this new kind of vicar is increasingly evident in the media .
A few days ago , the Rev Ed Tomlinson from the parish of St Barnabas elected to post a few thoughts on what he called " the death of death " on his website .
When his views were reported in the mainstream media , he first expressed his dismay that they had been publicised beyond his blog and then – of course – blamed the press .
His original complaint was that " priests are no longer in demand " and have been replaced at funerals by a " humanist provider or ancient crumbling cleric who will do as told " .
Even when the Rev Ed was invited to take a funeral , the ceremony was often a disappointment .
" I have then stood at the Crem like a lemon , wondering why on earth I am present at the funeral of somebody led in by the tunes of Tina Turner . "
He found it sad that all that many could hope for was " a poem from nan combined with a saccharine message from a pop star before being popped in the oven with no hope of resurrection " .
The point here is not that the vicar is a tiny bit of a snob ( nothing unusual there ) but that every syllable he writes reveals an iron certainty in his own rightness , even a sort of contempt for the non-religious world .
This hard - eyed attitude towards those who have " no hope of resurrection " contrasts starkly with his own sense of moral superiority .
Christians like him , he writes , " still have the gorgeous liturgy of the requiem mass to look forward to " .
Setting aside the weirdness of a man looking forward to hearing the music at his own funeral , it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that a message of haughty exclusion is being broadcast here .
" Whenever I consider humanist funerals ( or hotel weddings , come to that ) , I am only ever reminded of these words from the scripture , ' Forgive them for they know not what they do . ' "
For a vicar , contemplating a funeral service of which he disapproves , to invoke Christ 's words on the cross no longer seems a surprise .
The church to which he belongs , once a welcoming and inclusive faith , has become self - important , defensive and censorious .
A shared pleasure in pain
Not so long ago , the idea of human beings knocking each other around in the name of personal pleasure might have been regarded as something of a sophisticated taste – the kind of thing mostly enjoyed by night - of - shame Tory MPs .
Last year 's High Court case involving Max Mosley helped to bring masochism into the mainstream .
The judgement in favour of the plaintiff seemed to support his argument that his hobby was " harmless and private and even funny " .
Now two of our best - loved dysfunctionals seem to be taking a similar line .
Announcing to the world 's press that he had written a song for Amy Winehouse while in jail , following a shackling case , Boy George revealed that the two singers share a taste in music .
Their favourite song was " He Hit Me ( It Felt Like a Kiss ) " , written in the early 1960s by Carole King and Gerry Goffin .
Down the years , that song , with its pay - off line " He hit me , and it was good " , has been something of an anthem for domestic abusers , but it may have a rival when Boy George 's song for Amy is released .
It is called " Your Pain Makes a Beautiful Sound " .
The scales have fallen from our plates
Aristocrats from the world of food – Michelin - starred restaurateurs , gastro - celebrities , food critics – like to make the right environmentally responsible noises in their public pronouncements .
It turns out that , in the case of most of them , there is remarkably little substance beyond these green emissions .
To coincide with the TV premiere of The End of the Line , a haunting documentary about the decline of world fish stocks , the environmental writer Charles Clover , on whose book the film is based , has been looking into the attitude of top restaurants when it comes to endangered fish species .
The website www.fish2fork.com reveals the sad truth .
Nine out of 10 restaurants are still serving at least one " fish to avoid " from over - exploited stocks .
Several Michelin - starred names were among the worst offenders , cheerfully serving up blue tuna , Atlantic halibut and caviar .
Marked out for particular criticism was J Sheekey of the Caprice Group .
It seems the restaurant provided confusing information as to the sustainability of its fish and may have been serving endangered species .
As for the rest us , it seems that there is a lengthening list of fish we should avoid eating .
At one of the launches for The End of the Line , Mr Clover was asked for how long it would be responsible to eat any kind of fish .
Five years , he said .
If there was no improvement by then , it should be off the menu .
Depressingly , the European Union emerges as a far worse culprit when it comes to protecting fish stocks than America .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Have you ever wondered why your doctor has you come back two or three times to complete a check - up instead of wrapping it up in one visit ?
Doctors candidly admit that it 's about money .
And they blame insurers for " conditioning " them to practice medicine this way , meaning less efficiently than they believe they should .
Dr. Ted Epperly , a family physician based in Boise , Idaho , explained that if multiple services are administered to a patient on the same day , insurers often wo n't reimburse doctors for each separate treatment .
" Suppose I surgically remove a mole from a patient and I schedule a follow - up visit , " said Epperly , who is also president of the American Academy of Family Physicians .
" During the follow - up visit , if I also check and treat the patient for hypertension , those are two different services . "
His concern is that insurance companies wo n't reimburse him for the two different services because he provided them to his patient during the same office visit .
Doctors do n't think this is fair .
While some are eating the cost of additional services rendered to patients , others are having patients come back repeatedly so they can be adequately reimbursed .
Dr. Yul Ejnes , an internist based in Cranston , R.I. , said this example typifies how insurers are increasingly influencing how doctors practice medicine .
" There 's no question that payers are creating hassles and barriers to doctors , " said Ejnes .
" There are so many rules for us that just make no sense . "
For example , Ejnes said Medicare covers a yearly prostate exam but wo n't reimburse doctors for another service , such as a blood pressure check , that is done on the same patient on the same day .
Asked Ejnes , " Should I have the patient come back just to check his blood pressure so I can get paid for it ? "
Doctor - insurer tension at a crisis point ?
Although the tension between doctors and insurers is decades old , Epperly believes it is reaching a crisis point .
" This is why the debate on health care reform is gaining steam around insurance reform , " he said .
" Doctors are fed up with the administrative hassles and other obstacles to getting reimbursed , " he said .
Dr. David Chin , managing partner of consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Global Healthcare Research Institute , said the doctor - insurer standoff has been going on since the advent of managed care in the United States in the mid-1980s .
" Now the pressure is on insurance companies to improve the quality of care while bringing down their own costs , " said Chin
Paul Keckley , a health care economist and executive director of Deloitte Center for Health Solutions , explained that doctors hold a unique position in the debate over health care reform .
" The tests , medications , procedures that doctors prescribe are largely responsible for driving up health care costs , " Keckley said , adding that very little of the rising inflation in health care costs is consumer driven .
" [ Doctors ] are the most trusted source for determining the appropriateness of care , " he said .
Yet , many doctors are also not good business people and the concept of comparing " what [ treatment ] works better for less , and why , is beyond the grasp of many doctors , " he said .
To this end , Chin said insurers do provide some checks and balances to doctors which can help them provide better care at lower costs .
" If the information that insurers provide is used well , it can help doctors practice better medicine , " he said .
Yet doctors are offended when insurers point to certain evidence - based data from medical societies suggesting there could be a " better " and more cost - effective way to treat a patient .
Chin said this struggle -- between a physician 's clinical judgment and insurers ' focus on evidence - based medicine -- remains a sticking point .
Insurers defend their guidelines .
" We have worked hard to establish a level of trust and respect with health care professionals , " said Wendy Morphew , a spokeswoman for Aetna Inc. ( AET , Fortune 500 ) , " We have simplified business transactions with physicians , increased transparency of policies and processes , and worked with the medical community to encourage adherence to evidence - based guidelines in medicine .
But President Obama 's former personal physician , Dr. David Scheiner , is unconvinced .
He said private insurers continue to " interfere " with his medical decisions .
" Private insurance companies are screwing it up .
You can quote me on that , " said Scheiner , who was Obama 's doctor for 22 years .
" They are making it more difficult for doctors to get preauthorization for treatment because they are hoping it will discourage people from getting expensive treatments . "
( Read more of what Scheiner had to say .
Chris Curran , spokesman for health insurer Cigna Corp. ( CI , Fortune 500 ) , disagrees with the idea that insurers are interfering with physicians .
" First of all , insurers do n't want to come between patients and doctors in terms of recommending care , " he said .
" That 's the role of the doctor , not the insurer . "
At the same time , Curran agreed that insurers can add value to doctors and consumers .
" We are at the nexus of patient and doctor , " he said .
" We have a role to play .
We can help people understand their [ health care ] options and keep costs down for patients . "
" Look , consumers also need to know that it 's not guys like me who are making decisions , " Curran added .
" We employ 3,000 clinicians at Cigna and they work with doctors to help them with the best care options . "
Consumers caught in the middle
Consumer advocates recognize that while a legitimate disagreement can exist between insurers and doctors on treatment options , it should n't be at the cost of the consumer .
" I worry about the patient caught in the middle of this , " said Katherine Stoll , deputy executive director with Families USA , a consumer health care advocacy group .
" When low - income patients are denied coverage , it usually means there is no other option available to them to get care , " Stoll said .
" They can't pay out of their pockets . "
Ejnes is empathetic but feels that many consumers are n't fully aware of the extent of the tension between providers and payers .
" Doctors are shielding patients from a lot of their frustrations , " he said .
" I 'm not sure that 's a good thing or a bad thing .
Consumers think everything is fine .
But if they 're brought face to face with reality , many will be very surprised .
One way this directly affects consumers was pointed out by Dr. Mary Newman , a general internist based in Lutherville , Md. , who said her group practice has lost three physicians over the past year .
" They were working very long hours but insurers are still paying them at rates that were set five years ago , " she said .
" Small practices like our do n't have much clout with insurers to raise our rates . "
Her top complaints about dealing with insurers are administrative processes such as getting preauthorizations for higher - costing procedures such as MRIs and CAT scans .
She said many insurers only cover preventive visits every two to three years .
" What am I supposed to do if my patient wants to discuss H1N1 concerns in an off year or what vitamins to take to prevent osteoporosis ? , " she asked .
" Many of us simply donate our time . "
As for prescriptions , each insurer usually has its own coverage policy , explained Dr. James Rohack , president of the American Medical Association .
" Suppose I prescribe a medication that I feel is the best one for my patient .
The patient goes to the pharmacy and is told that the medication is not covered by insurance , " said Rohack .
" The pharmacist asks me to order another medication .
Now I 'm being hassled to look for an alternative that I do n't believe is in the best interest of my patient . "
Despite sharing many of the same frustrations , Ejnes said he 's seeing some signs of hope .
" There 's some good news and bad news for us from preauthorizations , " he said .
He finds it useful when insurers give him feedback on patients who are either not filling their prescriptions or are on too many medications .
" But the problem is that I get reports from UnitedHealthcare ( UNH , Fortune 500 ) , Blue Cross , Aetna multiple times a month on several patients , " Ejnes said .
" It would be great if insurers work together and at least use a standardized report instead of all different formats and send them to me once a month or once a quarter .
Otherwise it ends up being background noise for me . "
At the end of the day , " doctors are dispensers of care while insurers are guardians of purse strings , " maintained Deloitte 's Keckley .
" Doctors prefer insurers go away , but they are n't , " said Keckley .
" The fact is all of us need to know the cost of care , what works better and what does n't .
We would n't be having a health care debate if providers were doing this on their own . "
Talkback :
Have you or a doctor that you know left the medical profession mid-career to start a new career outside of the health care industry ?
E-mail your story to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be part of an upcoming article .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
Correction : A previous version of this story incorrectly identified Dr. James Rohack , president of the American Medical Association .
The caption on the image is " me before coffee , " but I think the resource allocation could be appropriate for any blood - caffeine level .
And right now it definitely describes exactly how I feel .
[ Abstruse Goose ]
Advertisement
In light of all the recent seismic activity and sub - sequent tsunami , we thought we would go back and give a look at what scientists think the top 5 natural disasters would be for the United States .
Government officials are evaluating and revising disaster plans around the United States since Katrina , and now with this new series of events .
So , what would be the worst of the worst be ?
We 're talking " **** hits the fan " kinda bad .
Top 5 Natural Disaster Fears
Asteroid Impact wiping out a city or entire state
Recent Example : Tunguska Event .
Future Pacific Northwest Megathrust Earthquake
Strong Hurricane Reaches New York
East or West Coast Tsunami / Megatsunami
The Yellowstone Super Volcano
Of course scientists can't predict when the next devastating asteroid impact will occur - and especially not WHERE .
The odds of it happening are remote , but in terms of history - people vs the planet , the planet has stomped us .
Impacts have happened before and will happen LONG after we 're gone .
On the date of June 30th , 1908 , at about a quarter after 7:00 a.m. , a very mysterious explosion occurred in the skies over Tunguska , Siberia , located in Russia .
This explosion happened at anywhere between six - to - eight kilometers from ground zero , and the resultant action in this was to lay waste to a vast region of pine forest of 2,150 square kilometers , felling more than 60 million trees .
This was seen as a brilliant burst of light from the inhabitants of the region of 50 kilometers around .
Witnesses claim that the explosion was so loud and powerful as to blow - out windows , temporarily blind and knock people to the ground , and sounded like a deafening roar .
Suppose it had happened of a major US city -
It would be utter destruction .
Ok - if that gibberish makes no sense , we can all just keep calling it " the big one " .
All geologists know it is just a matter of time before a 9.0 or larger earthquake strikes somewhere between California and Canada .
The shaking would be locally cataclysmic , but the biggest threat is the tsunami that would ensue from a fault line that is nearly identical to the one that caused the deadly 2004 tsunami in Indonesia .
A megathrust earthquake is an inter - plate earthquake where one tectonic plate slips beneath ( sub - ducts ) another .
Just in case you were wondering how it differs from regular earthquakes :) Some examples of megathrust earthquakes are : 1700 Cascadia Earthquake ( magnitude 9.0 ) — Juan de Fuca Plate subducting under the North American Plate , slip length 1000 km ( 625 mi ) 1737 Kamchatka earthquake ( magnitude 9- 9.3 ) — Pacific Plate sub - ducting beneath the Okhotsk Plate , duration 15 minutes , depth 40 km1755 Lisbon earthquake ( magnitude ~ 9 ) — believed to be part of a young subduction zone1952 Kamchatka earthquake ( magnitude 9.0 ) — Pacific Plate subducting beneath the Okhotsk Plate , depth 30 km1957 Andreanof Islands earthquake ( magnitude 8.6 ) — Pacific Plate subducting under the North American Plate1960 Great Chilean Earthquake ( magnitude 9.5 ) — Nazca Plate subducting under the South American Plate , depth 33 km , slip length 1000 km ( 625 mi ) , slip width 200 km ( 125 mi ) , slip motion 20 m ( 60 ft ) 1964 Good Friday Earthquake ( magnitude 9.2 ) — Pacific Plate sub - ducting under the North American Plate , duration 4 –5 minutes , depth 25 km , slip length 800 km ( 500 mi ) , slip motion 23 m ( 69 ft ) 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake ( magnitude 9.3 ) — India Plate sub- ducting under the Burma Plate , duration 8 - 10 minutes , slip length 1600 km ( 994 mi ) , slip motion 35 m ( 108 ft ) Major hurricanes have made direct hits New York before , but the interval between them is so long that people seemingly forget the risk of living on the coast .
Some Officials fear people might not take evacuation orders seriously and the obvious larger prolem :
It would take likely more than 24 hours to make a proper evacuation of New York City , even that is without panic , traffic jams and if " everything goes to plan " .
Any size hurricane reaching New York presently would be quite destructive .
When was New York last hiy by a hurricane ?
1893 : A category 1 hurricane destroyed Hog Island , a resort island off the Rockaways in southern Queens .
1960 : Hurricane Donna created an 11 - foot storm tide in the New York Harbor that caused extensive pier damage .
Forced 300 families to evacuate Long Island .
1999 : Floyd , weakened to a tropical storm , brought sustained 60 mph winds and dumped 10 - 15 inches of rain on upstate New Jersey and New York State .2004 :
The remains of Hurricane Frances in September flooded city subways , stranding some passengers aboard trains that had to be stopped by flooded tracks .
An earthquake fault joff of California ( discussed above ) could generate a major earthquake and a tsunami threat that would strike so fast - most coastal residents would not have any time to escape .
The fault a deadly " 1,2 " punch , first the earthquake would level parts of the coast - and then with little to no time to act - the tsunami would already be there .
The United States faces a potential tsunami threat that mirrors the catastrophic Indonesia tsunami of 2004 - if not worse .
Another offbeat scenario would be to have a large meteor or asteroid hit in the ocean off either coast ...
It probably wo n't happen for hundreds or possibly even millions of years - but there is one little scary fact :
It 's long overdue .
A supervolcano refers to a volcano that produces the largest and most voluminous kinds of eruptions on earth .
The actual explosivity of these eruptions varies , but the sheer volume of extruded magma is immense enough to radically alter the landscape and severely impact global climate for years , with a cataclysmic effect on life .
The term was originally coined by the producers of a BBC Popular Science programme in 2002 to refer to these types of eruptions .
Scientist have discovered that the ground in Yellowstone is over 70 cm higher than in was in 1923 - indicating a massive swelling underneath the park .
The reservoir is filling with magma at a staggering rate .
The volcano erupts with a calendar - like cycle of every 600,000 - 650,000 years .
The last eruption was more than 640,000 years ago - we are running late .
If Yellowstone were to erupt full blast - some estimates say half the country would be covered in ash ... up to 3 feet deep .
The last week for whatever reason saw the resurgence in mainstream articles covering the option ARM fiasco .
Even those who are purported to be financial experts still miss the bigger picture .
That is , they fail to understand that the category of Alt - A loans covers the vast majority of option ARMs and Alt - A is basically a category assigned to loans that were no - doc or low doc , had weaker credit scores , and low to zero down payment .
In other words , mortgages that make Medusa look like the next Miss USA .
Some of the confusion also arises from the difference between a reset and a recast .
This is like saying dogs and cats are all the same because they are pets .
Resets are no problem in this artificially low interest rate environment ( the future is another story ) .
Recasts are a gigantic problem .
Another issue being ignored is the fact that current owners of Alt - A infested homes have a selling environment that lacks these maximum leverage products .
That is , they bought at a time when leverage was flush in the market .
When I look at current reporting I would ask reporters this – think more like a criminal crony banker .
On the other side , I would ask reporters to also think like a California HGTV granite countertop obsessed housing speculator .
That is why even as far back as February of 2008 it was easy to see that people would be strategically defaulting on their mortgage .
People at the time thought that there would be no way that people would actually stop paying their mortgage if they had the money to do so because people in general were responsible .
Yeah right !
And option ARMs were only for high income actors and doctors that did n’t want to disclose the amount of boob jobs they did in the last year on their tax return .
But the no money down world essentially gave buyers a call option on their home with these craptastic mortgages .
If prices go up , you sell and keep the difference between the sale price and the premium .
If the price tanks , then you are out the premium .
But guess what ?
Some did n’t pay a penny !
These were basically free call options .
The only incentive is a bad credit history but with 1 out of 10 mortgages in the U.S. being delinquent this is n’t such a tiny group anymore .
Many saw the chance of a foreclosure as a small price to pay to ride the easy appreciation gravy train if the market shifted into mania part two .
One of the popular articles sent in the last few days was from the San Francisco Chronicle highlighting the option ARM mess in the Bay Area :
“ People think option ARMs ( will be ) a national crisis , ” he said .
“ That ’s not really true .
It ’s just in higher - cost areas like California where you see their prevalence . ”
Of the 10 metro areas nationwide with the most option ARMs , three are in the Bay Area , according to Fitch Ratings , a New York research firm .
They are the East Bay counties of Alameda and Contra Costa , the South Bay area of Santa Clara and San Benito counties , and the counties of San Francisco , Marin and San Mateo .
Together , these areas account for the second - most option ARMs in the country , although they are still far behind the greater Los Angeles area ( including Los Angeles , Riverside , San Bernardino and Orange counties ) , according to Fitch data .
Understated data
First American shows more than 54,000 option ARMs issued here with a value of about $ 30.9 billion .
Fitch shows more than 47,000 option ARMs here with a value of about $ 28 billion .
Both say their data underestimate the totals . ”
$ 30 billion of option ARMs are sitting like ugly ducks in the Bay Area .
But we do things bigger here in Southern California .
We are n’t given the actual data regarding the LA / OC area but we can extrapolate from the Alt - A loans that we are in a world of hurt in Southern California :
Thankfully , I have some data on this .
We can try and get a figure for Southern California by looking at the Bay Area data .
Bay Area
Alt - A active loans : 136,000
Options ARMs : 47,000
Ratio Alt - A/ Option ARMs : 34.5 %
Southern California
Alt - A active loans : 400,000
Option ARMs : 138,000 ( appx )
Now given that Southern California is the birth place of the option ARM , I would venture to say that the ratio would hold for Southern California .
We have various estimates on this data .
Some will say that option ARMs are not that bad , but given that 80 percent of option ARMs were low doc loans , they qualify as Alt - A loans .
Plus , we are only looking at one item and many of these loans can go from current to non-paying over night .
How many were zero down 80/20 loans ?
100 percent loans ?
So at the low range we know 80 percent will fall under the Alt - A category umbrella .
Bottom line is California is going to have a smack down with these mortgages .
Not only because these mortgages have no shine like Glitter , but we have a 23 percent unemployment and underemployment rate .
And Alt - A loan defaults are spreading like the plague :
Source : Bloomberg , Seeking Alpha
Keep in mind the Alt - A universe covers over 2 million active mortgages .
And with 2 million mortgages nearly 30 percent are already at the 30 days late mark .
22 percent are already 90 days late .
Given the size of these mortgage balances , you can rest assured those 90 days late are going to turn into foreclosures assuming banks move on shadow inventory .
If they do n’t they are going to contend with negative cash flow issues .
But as we know negative cash flow has n’t stopped the crony banking industry !
I want to go back to something that I have been kicking around in my head .
Much of this information has been out there for years .
This option ARM wave is n’t any surprise , certainly not to those that follow the housing market closely .
But why is the media suddenly catching on at a point where it really is too late to do anything ?
My feeling is the lack of understanding in behavioral economics .
This is an area that I have studied extensively .
A field that also combines the psychology and sociology of human nature into the mix .
Neo-classical economists do n’t want to hear about this because it interferes with their free market ideology of letting Wall Street do what it wants and the market will right everything .
The only problem is , when the abyss stares at them in the face they quake and suddenly become corporate welfare recipients .
Holding your values is about staying true in the toughest of times .
In good times everyone is a saint .
This would also explain a lot of behavior in the current market with Alt - A loans .
Of course people leveraged to the max on these loans .
It was a premium free call option on the biggest housing bubble in the world .
It was like buying a lottery ticket .
You wo n’t feel so hurt if you lose $ 5 but if you win , you better believe you ’ll be running in the streets in your underwear .
But what if you had to pay $ 500 for that lottery ticket ?
Or $ 1,000 ?
With housing , it is so vital to have a down payment because it makes the borrower take a place at the gambling table .
That is why anyone that even spends time with friends and family in California and talks about homeownership realized that if things imploded , many would simply walkaway .
This was the psychology .
Also , I ’m not sure I like the term walkaway .
It is more like “ stop making payments , save the cash , let the moronic banks sit back for more bailouts , and wait months until they even pay attention to your file ” since that is a more accurate description .
Many are n’t walking away .
They are not paying and playing chicken with banks .
Those who are paying and want a modification usually find an incompetent boob who really has no idea what to do and can only follow the “ higher crony ” orders if you are 3 months behind .
Alt - A loans and option ARMs are the mortgage version of Russian Roulette .
Now some people might think strategic defaults are only a minor problem .
588,000 strategically defaulted in 2008 and most happened in you guessed it , California and Florida :
“ ( LA Times )
* The number of strategic defaults is far beyond most industry estimates — 588,000 nationwide during 2008 , more than double the total in 2007 .
They represented 18 % of all serious delinquencies that extended for more than 60 days in last year ’s fourth quarter …
* Strategic defaults are heavily concentrated in negative - equity markets where home values zoomed during the boom and have cratered since 2006 .
In California last year , the number of strategic defaults was 68 times higher than it was in 2005 .
In Florida it was 46 times higher .
In most other parts of the country , defaults were about nine times higher in 2008 than in 2005 .
* Two - thirds of strategic defaulters have only one mortgage — the one they ’re walking away from on their primary homes .
Individuals who have mortgages on multiple houses also have a higher likelihood of strategic default , but researchers believe that many of these walkaways are from investment properties or second homes . ”
I bet if we drilled down deeper into the data , you would find that most of these strategic defaults are attached to Alt - A loans .
The problem ( and rest assured there are many ) with option ARMs is n’t the interest rate .
Resets are no problems here .
The issue is the recast .
The rate can be rock bottom and it is , but this does n’t help someone making a $ 1,500 teaser payment on a $ 500,000 mortgage .
Even at the 5 year mark with a 5 percent interest rate the payment will virtually double because of negative amortization ( 90 % made the minimum payment only ) and the fact that you now have a 25 year time horizon to pay off your mortgage with no negative amortization option .
Basically the option ARM becomes a no option mortgage .
These mortgages are the absolute epitome of the crisis we find ourselves in .
Financially reprehensible mortgages that had no checks and played upon the greed and cynicism of Wall Street and the herd mentality of the get rich quick population .
Did n’t we learn any lessons from the Great Depression ?
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
By Adrian Brown
BBC News
Conventional maps show the shape of a country according to its land mass .
But what if you drew a map according to where people lived ?
At first glance they could be mistaken for distorted creepy - crawlies - bloated body parts with randomly placed antennae and spindly legs , their gridlines looking much like the compound eyes and variegated wings of an insect .
In fact , each image is a country map - reinterpreted by a pair of Sheffield University geographers .
The result is a remarkable series of cartographic designs that cast the world in an entirely new light .
The map of Britain above , for example , is a reworking of a traditional map using data about where people live to highlight population density across the country .
MORE MAPS
In pictures : Population maps
It emphasises the dominance of London and other cities and the lesser significance , in terms of headcount , of more rural parts of the UK .
Professor Danny Dorling , who oversaw the creation of these maps , says it captures what is most important about a country .
" It changes how you think about places , " he says .
" If you really want a fair map of an area you do it by population .
What you are interested in most of the time is people . "
Prof Dorling , and fellow geographer Ben Hennig , a PhD student , have plotted census data for some 200 territories .
They are mainly United Nation member states plus a few others , to cover at least 99.5 % of the world 's population .
You can view some of them by clicking on the link above .
The pair have also animated six maps exclusively for the BBC News website ( see below ) .
In order to see the animation you need to have Flash Player 9 installed and JavaScript enabled .
See the pictures the animation is based on .
Download Adobe Flash Player Producing the maps , or cartograms as they 're known , has taken months , says Mr Hennig .
National census data from countries around the world have been combined with UN data to compile the most accurate picture for population distribution around the world .
Next , a map of each territory is divided into a grid of squares of equal size .
The data is then fed into a special software programme that plots the number of people living within each square .
This is no mean trick , says Prof Dorling .
" I spent the first 15 years of my academic career trying to work out how to do this , " he admits .
In the end physicist Mark Newman , a " genius " says Prof Dorling , worked it out with one of his PhD students , Michael Gastner , over a relatively short time and wrote the software .
" What we 're trying to do is create the correctly proportional , least distorting , population cartogram , " Prof Dorling explains .
His hope now is that these maps will catch on and someone will take the next step which is to write software that will enable anyone to input their own data and produce a map .
Here is a selection of your comments .
It goes to show what may seem a silly idea ( when you first think of it ) is actually a scientific way of producing a more meaningful map - I 'm certain this idea can taken further to include food consumption , food waste and many other things which make our world tick .
How about insect , fish and other similar categories - the options are limitless .
Paul , London
Now if the good professor , or another , would create a map reflecting the consumption patters of a country , rather than just the population size ; I wonder what type of creatures we might see ?
Kooros Mahmoudi , Flagstaff , Arizona , USA
Its probably a little bit irrelevant but have a look at Finland , it looks like a massive teddy bear with funny ears !
Stanzy , Ispwich Suffolk
Now if we can take this another step or two further and find a way to incorporate translocal flows ( e.g. of people , of commodities , of capital ) and then built it into a three - dimensional model , we could actually have a stunning visual representation of what so - called " globalization " is doing .
Better yet , make it 4D so that we can show change over time ... of course , a lot of the necessary data for that will be speculative or sketchy , but it will at least reveal that Thomas Friedman 's flat world is anything but !
It 's lumpy , it 's disjointed , and it 's complex .
Scott , Montreal , Canada
This is not the first time I have seen this sort of map .
Kew gardens have two maps like this , one representing where all the plant species are in the world and the other representing where the funding is .
The two maps that were generated where dishearteningly different .
It would be very interesting to see a map such as this of where the wealth in the world is .
Laura , Birmingham Back in the 60s I purchased a paperback atlas for students that had a similar world map , with the countries represented by rectangles whose area was proportional to population .
I remember being impressed , and a little disturbed , by how huge the island of Java appeared on that map .
David Jones , Rochester , NY , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Labor Day weekend , the lectionary texts admonish us to love our neighbor as ourselves ( James 2:8 ) , and to be careful not to rob or exploit the poor ( Proverbs 22:22 ) .
The Torah portion reminds us of God ’s willingness to free us from unjust employers and oppressive working conditions ( Deuteronomy 26:6 - 8 ) .
Are these just words for another time ?
I think not .
A landmark new report , “ Broken Laws , Unprotected Workers : Violations of Employment and Labor Laws in America ’s Cities , ” demonstrates the pervasiveness of wage theft .
The study ( jointly issued by the National Employment Law Project , UCLA ’s Institute for Research on Labor and Employment , and the Center for Urban Economic Development at the University of Illinois - Chicago ) is based on rigorous surveys of over 4,000 workers in low - wage industries in Chicago , Los Angeles , and New York .
The results are astounding , and confirm what Interfaith Worker Justice ’s worker centers around the country have been saying for the last few years .
Among the workers surveyed :
• Fully 26 percent of workers were paid less than the legally - required minimum wage , and 60 percent of those underpaid were underpaid by more than $ 1 per hour .
•
Of those who worked overtime , 75 percent were not paid the legally - required overtime .
•
Nearly a quarter of the workers came in early or stayed late after their shift .
Of these workers , 70 percent did not receive any or all the pay for this work .
•
Of the workers entitled to a meal break , two - thirds were cheated of part or all of it .
•
Among the tipped workers , 30 percent were not paid the tipped worker minimum wage ( which in Illinois and New York is lower than the regular wage ) and 12 percent had tips stolen by their employer or supervisor .
Although immigrant workers suffered the highest minimum - wage violations , the overtime , off - the - clock work , and meal break violations were common for native born and immigrant workers alike .
Not all employers were bad .
The same employers who treated people well overall ( the ones who treated their neighbors like they would like to be treated ; offering health insurance , paid vacations , and paid sick days ) were associated with lower violation rates .
Good employers pay people fairly .
Where are the workers who are being cheated employed ?
They work in textile manufacturing , personal and repair services , private households ( child care and cleaning ) , residential construction , social assistance , home health care , restaurants , retail and grocery stores , and warehousing .
Workers being underpaid are all around us .
Although this study looks at three cities , it is safe to assume that conditions are same in other communities throughout the nation .
Paying workers seems kind of basic .
Most people of goodwill assume that the problems are among rogue employers and industries .
But this study demonstrates the pervasive nature of wage theft in our society .
Underpaying ( or even not paying ) workers is , lamentably , routine practice .
This Labor Day , you can find some new ways to “ love your neighbor . ”
You can :
Conduct your own wage theft survey to learn about problems faced by workers in your congregation , campus , or community .
The survey you conduct need not have the rigor of “ Broken Laws , Unprotected Workers , ” but it will help you understand wage theft in your own community .
Ask how workers are paid when you hire a firm to do work .
Are workers paid overtime as required by law ?
Are the workers paid as employees or misclassified as independent contractors ( which cheats workers and public coffers ) ?
Do workers get health insurance , paid vacations , and paid sick days ?
If you or your organization are hiring a firm , you can ask questions about how workers are paid .
Support local and national efforts to improve wage enforcement .
This Labor Day , there are dozens of initiatives to strengthen wage enforcement at the local and national levels .
Join a campaign to pass new anti-wage theft laws .
Volunteer in a worker center .
Honor and applaud ethical employers in your community .
If you love your neighbor , make sure that neighbor is paid .
Electronic
Arts is at it again , continuing its Dante 's Inferno marketing / PR - related mailbox assault .
Yesterday , a gigantic box cardboard box showed up .
Inside that box was big and dirty wooden box .
What was inside ?
Well , that 's what the video is for .
And well ... yeah .
I 've got nothing .
Talk amongst yourselves .
The new version of MythTV is right around the corner ( Release Candidate 1 is out now ) , and there are quite a few new features .
So , we thought we ’d take a look at some of the features that make this one of the best new releases yet , stuff like the new UI , HD capture , and hardware video acceleration .
For any of you who do n’t know , Isaac Richards started MythTV in 2002 to create the “ Mythical Convergence Box ” that allows you to capture and watch all your media in one place .
Since then , MythTV has grown into a top of the line DVR with several great features that the commercial software can’t match .
The most prominent new feature is it ’s updated User Interface with the two biggest pieces being MythUI and Jamu .
MythUI is a new user interface library that ’s much more feature rich and flexible .
Some of the new features of MythUI include :
Animation – Allows for object movement and image animation
Animation – Allows for object movement and image animation Versatility – Layouts that only allowed changes to color or size before , now allow more flexibility such as being laid out horizontally or in a grid instead of vertically
Inheritance – Elements of a theme can be defined in a single location , helping the theme designer keep a more consistent look and feel throughout the theme .
Much more – such as image reflection and progress bars .
For more information check out our previous article about MythUI ( or the Wiki Page ) , it was written back in June so the screen - shots are a little dated but it it goes into more detail about what ’s possible .
The next big new feature of the UI is JAMU ( Just Another Metadata Editor ) , which is a utility to download data about your videos and recordings .
That might not sound like it has much to do with the User Interface until you consider that it also downloads images such as fan art , screen - shots and covers .
It can turn a plain layout into something that looks like the 24 image to the left or the Wall - E image at the top of the page .
JAMU can really make a difference in the look and feel of the Interface .
The next few features have to do with HDTV , recording it with the Hauppauge HDPVR and playing it back with NVidia ’s VDPAU .
One of the biggest obstacles to using an open - source PVR is finding a way to record all of your channels in high definition .
The studios insist on encryption and do n’t seem to realize that it only gets in the way of their paying customers , the pirates do n’t have to deal with it .
Sure you can record your local broadcast channels from an antenna ( which is usually higher quality than cable or satellite HD ) or any digital channels that your cable company sends out in the clear .
If you ’re lucky you might get some of your basic cable stations such as TNT , but certainly not HBO .
Those encrypted stations is where the HDPVR comes in .
The HDPVR can record an HD signal from the component output of your Cable / Satellite STB and output H.264 video via USB .
Because the signal is re-encoded instead of being captured in it ’s original form , it does lose a little quality , but I have n’t been able to tell .
The other problem with the HDPVR is that it ’s recordings require a lot of CPU power to play back , a 3 Ghz Core 2 Duo is recommended for the high quality settings .
That is unless you have an NVidia video card capable of VDPAU .
VDPAU is NVidia ’s library for accessing it ’s Purevideo HD acceleration in Linux .
It allows MythTV to offload most of the video decoding of MPEG 1 and 2 , H264 , VC - 1 and WMV ( and MPEG - 4 if you have a 200 Series card ) to the GPU allowing even low powered machines to playback HD video .
VDPAU is supported on most Geforce 8000 + cards , a full list is located on the VDPAU page on Wikipedia .
Another new technology that NVidia announced recently is ION .
ION combines Intel ’s low power atom processor with a VDPAU capable 9400M GPU , which is the perfect option for a dedicated MythTV Front - end machine .
These are just a few of the many new features of MythTV .22 , such as Automatic Prioritization , and a great new iPhone layout for MythWeb ( MythTV ’s web - based scheduling app ) .
Check out the Wiki page to see all the new features .
With the release of MythTV .22 , I plan to replace my old back - end with my more powerful but loud front - end machine .
I can then pick up an Acer Aspire Revo to mount on the back of my TV in the living room , and save a lot of energy in the process .
Mexican government closes electric utility , sacks 44,000 workers
By Rafael Azul
15 October 2009
In a show of force , some 1,000 Mexican police agents raided the Mexico City headquarters of Luz y Fuerza del Centro in the early hours of Sunday morning , October 11 .
The government of President Felipe Calderón had decreed the liquidation of the publicly owned firm that provides electricity for Mexico City and surrounding states in central Mexico , and the firing of its more than 40,000 workers , members of the Mexican Electricians Union ( SME ) .
Unless reversed by the legislature or the courts , the decree removes from SME ’s rolls two - thirds of its membership , a body blow to the SME bureaucracy , from which it may never recover .
The National Electricity Commission ( CFE , ) a government agency will oversee the dismantling of the firm and the provision of electricity to this important region , which is responsible for more than one third of Mexico ’s economic output .
Its power plants and transmission lines provide electrical power for Mexico City and four central states , home to more than 25 million people , nearly 24 percent of the population .
Luz y Fuerza del Centro purchases some its electricity from the CFE power grid .
The SME bureaucracy has vowed to fight Calderón ’s decree .
On October 12 it appealed to the Senate .
It is being supported in this by Andrés Manuel López Obrador and the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) .
Calderón defended the legality of his actions ( a decree issued in the middle of the night without consultation with the legislature ) in a televised speech on Sunday night .
He claimed that the utility was too expensive to operate in the context of the economic crisis afflicting the country .
The Mexican president said that he had mandated the CFE to hire from among the pool of laid - off workers .
Calderón also offered a financial bonus for workers who did not dispute the liquidation and advice on how they could go into business for themselves .
A Los Angeles Times article intimates that at most 10,000 workers would be rehired , but says nothing about what will happen to their wages and benefits .
The presidential decree was sparked in part by a dispute between the PAN government and the SME over union elections that installed Martín Esparza Flores as SME president on July 1 .
Esparza Flores won by a slim majority , 550 votes .
An opposition faction , the Movement for Union Transparency ( MTS , ) headed by Alejandro Muñoz Reséndiz , had charged the SME bureaucracy with electoral fraud and demanded a new election , appealing to the Calderón administration .
The MTS claims to have evidence that the lists of voters included deceased workers , and non-union members .
The MTS also suspects that Esparza Flores supporters were allowed to vote more than once .
On October 2 , the federal Labor Department declined to validate Esparza ’s election .
Under Mexican labor law , this decision effectively mandates a new union election , something that Esparza had already rejected .
The Calderón administration had signaled its intention to close the electric utility , in part to retaliate against the SME bureaucracy ’s refusal to comply with the labor department ’s decision .
In his speech , Calderón claimed that the company had run up excessive costs , due to its inefficient operations , an excessive number of SME employees , the so - called high wages of the union ’s members and the generous pensions for SME retirees .
In reality wages at Luz y Fuerza del Centro are in line with those of other public employees .
According to one example , a skilled carpenter at Luz y Fuerza del Centro earns the modest sum of US $ 340 per month .
Mexican officials have also accused the SME of interfering with the modernization of the firm .
Luz y Fuerza del Centro is notorious for its low quality service and for the volatility of its rates , which may have little to do with actual usage .
The company has been accused of “ losing ” electricity it buys from the CFE , in part because many poor Mexicans , unable to afford rates of electricity that are high by world standards , resort to the dangerous practice of hanging hooks onto power lines or to bypassing electric meters .
In addition , the company has been charged with cronyism and of selling electricity below cost , or at no cost , to big businesses and to politically connected individuals and companies .
On average , big firms paid 0.45 pesos per kilowatt - hour compared to 1.5 pesos that residential customers paid .
The government hopes to reduce its fiscal deficit by some 20 billion pesos ( US $ 1.53 billion ) from the liquidation .
Calderón ’s decree was welcomed by Wall Street and international investors .
Francisco Suárez , head of equity research of Actinver Corporation , an influential Mexican investment managing firm , told Bloomberg.com that the liquidation of the electrical utility will bolster the country ’s bond ratings .
“ The announcement of Luz y Fuerza represents a structural change in Mexico , ” declared Suárez .
“ If you no longer sustain the company , that is money you do not have to ask the customers for . ”
In his speech , Calderón emphasized that due to the economic crisis , the government cannot afford to keep giving money to Luz y Fuerza and , by extension , any other public enterprise .
The latter was made clear in a press interview with Interior Secretary Fernando Gómez Mont .
When asked by reporter Eduardo Castillo told the Associated Press that the liquidation of other state - owned enterprises was one of the tools that the government will use to “ improve productivity and efficiency of the productive organizations in the public sector . ”
Also in supporting Calderón was the Business Confederation of the Mexican Republic ( COPARMEX ) and the Federation of Chambers of Industry ( CONCAMIN . )
A COPARMEX spokesperson denounced the utility as a “ bottomless pit . ” CONCAMIN expressed its “ absolute ” support for Calderón ’s decree and described Luz y Fuerza del Centro as “ inefficient and corrupt . ”
From the standpoint of the Mexican bourgeoisie and the world financial aristocracy , this is an example of “ making virtue out of necessity ” and is in line with remarks by the president earlier this year that the country needed to do “ more with less . ”
While the government denies that it intends to privatize the electrical utility — something that Calderón has always supported — it is making it clear that it intends for it to pay its way by lowering costs , i.e. , rationalizing the labor force and assaulting wages and benefits .
“ Had I not taken this measure , ” said Calderón , “ we would have had to raise electric rates or constantly increase taxes . ”
Luz y Fuerza del Centro ’s liquidation coincides , and is in line with , the vote this week on Calderón ’s austerity budget .
In the second quarter of this year , Mexican economic output fell by 10.3 percent on a yearly basis .
In August alone , industrial production fell by 7.3 percent .
Government tax revenues , including taxes on oil , have fallen by 13 percent .
Financial observers expect the draconian budget — a massive assault on social welfare combined with regressive increases in taxes on the poor — to pass with only a few changes .
In anticipation , the Mexican peso and the Mexican stock and bond markets have rallied in the expectation of future profits .
Corruption and fraud have a long history in Mexican society .
This includes the corruption and fraud within the unions themselves , which , undoubtedly involved SME ’s participation in the massive income generated by Luz y Fuerza del Centro .
Very little of this trickled down to the workers themselves , however , who are now seeing their jobs suddenly wiped out .
As a ‘ learning experience , ' the current recession and its associated housing bust have n't produced many enlightening moments for our policy makers in Washington .
Nothing makes that more obvious than the news that delinquencies and foreclosures are rising rapidly among mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration , whose reserves have fallen below acceptable levels .
The agency 's losses , which are almost entirely on loans made after problems with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were already apparent in the current bust , may require ( guess what ) a new taxpayer bailout .
Washington 's view of what 's happening at FHA falls into two broad categories .
On the one hand there are people like FHA commissioner David Stevens who do n't seem to think that FHA 's current lending practices are risky because the agency is n't lending at so - called sub - prime standards , specifically because the agency does n't back adjustable rate mortgages and requires documentation from all borrowers to verify their incomes .
Then there are those like Reps.
Barney Frank and Maxine Waters , who say they are willing to accept additional risk in FHA loans in order to prop up the housing market and keep lending to people who can't otherwise afford to buy a home right now .
Frank and Waters continue advocating giving these borrowers what Washington classifies as " affordable housing " mortgages .
Both attitudes , Stevens as well as Frank 's and Waters ' , are troubling when you consider the history of such government - backed lending and what FHA 's efforts say about the prospects for sensible reform and restraint .
Congress pushed FHA into the market after Fannie and Freddie , which had usurped much of FHA 's mortgage role starting in the early 1990s , went bust .
To grease the wheels Washington raised the limits on a mortgage that FHA could approve to a whopping $ 729,750 per home in some markets .
This is what qualifies as " affordable lending " in Washington .
In addition , FHA heavily backed mortgages with a down payment amounting to as little as 3.5 percent of the value of the home , which lenders would never approve in the current market without government insurance .
Decades of underwriting experience tell us that these lending practices , that is , big loans made with low - down payments in a volatile market , are very risky .
The FHA and the Veterans Administration , for instance , came under similar pressure to lower their underwriting standards and boost lending in the 1950s , after the post - World War II housing boom pushed up prices and put ownership out of the reach of some middle class families .
The agencies responded by raising limits on the size of loans they would approve ( which Congress allowed the agencies to do ) and sharply lowering down payment requirements .
From the early 1950s to the mid-1960s the typical down payment on an FHA - backed loan decreased from about 18 percent of the value of a home to just 7 percent , while VA down payments went from an average of about 10 percent to less than 3 percent of the value of the home .
Along the way , foreclosure rates spiked sharply , from about 1 per 1,000 mortgages at both agencies in the early 1950s to about 12 per 1,000 on FHA loans by the mid-1960s , and to 7 per 1,000 mortgages on VA loans , according to a study of foreclosure and delinquency problems in the two programs published in 1971 by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
By contrast , the foreclosure rate on conventional mortgages , where down payment ratios declined only slightly but remained well above FHA and VA rates , went from about 1.6 per 1,000 mortgages in the early 1950s to a mere 2.4 per 1,000 by the early 1960s .
" The incidence of [ foreclosure ] claims was found to decrease sharply with the increases in borrowers ' equity , " the NBER report observed , stating the obvious .
There 's nothing mysterious about why foreclosure rates react this way .
A homeowner who has made a small down payment will quickly be sitting on a loan that is " underwater , " that is whose value is higher than the value of the home , if home prices decline .
For a variety of reasons , ranging from a homeowner who is suddenly out of work or one who was counting on the home he purchased to be a great short - term investment , such homeowners are far more likely to default on their mortgages , studies have shown .
Under these circumstances , all one has to do is look at housing prices to understand just how risky the FHA 's low - down payment standard has been in the last two years .
Home prices have declined relentlessly every month since August of 2006 through May of 2009 before taking a breather more recently .
So it 's not surprising that the percentage of FHA mortgages underwater has risen and that , according to one estimate , a fifth of all loans it made last year and a quarter of all loans from 2007 are now classified as having serious problems .
Faced with these troubling signs , the FHA is banking on optimistic projections of rising home prices , which would help to clear up problems with its portfolio in the next few years .
But as the economist Robert Shiller observed last week in a New York Times column , a recent uptick in home prices could represent little more than a new wave of short - term speculative buying , what Shiller called " short - run price volatility " that may well be just the equivalent of a brief bear - market rally .
If housing market bears are correct , prices could start declining again , and the FHA would be in for a mess of trouble .
Not surprisingly , FHA 's backers in Washington , the very same people who defended Fannie and Freddie when critics warned of their increasingly dangerous lending practices , are quick to accept the optimistic view .
Waters proclaimed in recent hearings that , " I am feeling very confident about FHA . "
This is the same Waters who in 2004 told a Congressional hearing that , " We do not have a crisis at Freddie Mac , and particularly at Fannie Mae . "
What 's even more troubling is that Waters , Frank and other supporters of FHA are willing to take these risks for what amounts to at most a marginal boost in homeownership .
In testimony before Congress the FHA administrator , Stevens , and other supporters claimed that its low - down payment loans are necessary to unlock the American dream for those who do n't have enough money to put down a conventional down payment .
But figures from the last few years suggest that most of these people are not permanently shut out of the mortgage market , that instead , all we do when we subsidize these programs is pull their buying forward .
During the housing bubble , when home ownership rates rose from about 65 percent to 69 percent of households , ownership rates barely budged at all among households led by adults 44 and over , and rose just slightly in households with adults 35 - 44 , according to research by University of Virginia Professor William H. Lucy and researcher Jeff Herlitz .
The really big gains came among households headed by someone under 25 years old , where ownership rates rose to 25 percent from 19 percent , and in households led by someone 25 to 29 , where ownership rates rose to 41 percent from 36 percent .
In other words , it is n't so much that government subsidized loans extend the American dream to those who would be denied , but rather to those who would be denied for a few more years .
None of this is reflected in policy discussions now going on in Washington .
It 's clear that little about the financial nightmare we 've been through has prompted Washington to examine closely the data that 's available and reevaluate its long and often disastrous policy of subsidizing home ownership in America at risky and often counterproductive levels .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
Gone are the trench coat , Converse trainers and loose tie , replaced by a tweed jacket , work boots and - wait for it - a bow tie .
So what does the new Doctor Who costume say ?
Another regeneration , another Doctor , another signature look .
Fans fondly remember Jon Pertwee 's bow tie , Tom Baker 's scarf and Christopher Eccleston 's battered leather jacket .
And sometimes what the Doctor wears stimulates more than curiosity .
It can re-enforce High Street fashion trends , as David Tennant 's trainers did when first revealed four years ago .
So the first glimpse of the new Doctor , Matt Smith , filming on set in boots , rolled - up trousers and a bow tie , has sparked huge interest .
Within hours , the Doctor Who Online website had received 2,000 comments from fans , overwhelmingly positive .
The man behind the new look is Bafta - winning costume designer Ray Holman , who had conversations with Smith over the choices .
But is this Time Lord dressed from the past or for the future ?
Fashion commentators and a Doctor Who expert give their views below , or click on the links on the picture to go straight to each critique .
GENERAL LOOK Esquire has given the new - look Dr Who ensemble the thumbs - up , says Jeremy Langmead , editor of the men 's magazine .
" The cross between rookie geography teacher and Hoxton clubkid works well : a bit of old - school time - traveller meets modern - day adventurer . "
Soooooo 2005 , 1972 and 1966 But Andrew Groves , course director for fashion at the University of Westminster , thinks the get - up is very unflattering .
" It seems a curiously British idea to make the lead character in a prime time TV show look purposely and perversely less attractive than they actually are , " says Mr Groves .
" I can't think of anyone that would look at this image and then decide they would want to stick it on their bedroom wall . "
Sebastian Brook , editor of Doctor Who Online , thinks the look is very HG Wells '
Time Machine , something timeless which marks a clear departure from Tennant but with a nod to the second Doctor , Patrick Troughton .
BOOTS
The boots are very on - trend for this autumn , says Mr Langmead , and Matt Smith 's are from the Prada autumn / winter collection that has just arrived in the stores .
" Monkey boots hark back to the 1980s with a whiff of Greenham Common and pop groups such as the Joe Boxers and The Bluebells , " says Mr Groves .
" Who actually wears these anymore ?
Curiously they are n't done up properly , lending the outfit an air of someone that can't quite dress themselves .
Return to link TROUSERS Rolled - up trousers will be very a la mode next spring and summer , says Mr Groves .
But coupled with the tweed jacket and shirt , they look completely unfashionable .
A shorter trouser length was first introduced by the American menswear designer Thom Browne a couple of years ago , says Mr Langmead .
" It was then adopted by the Hoxton set [ a loose collection of fashionable urbanites ] who rather than buy shorter trousers , merely rolled theirs up - very credit - crunch friendly . "
Return to link BOW TIE
The bow tie is obviously a knowing nod to those worn by some of the previous doctors , yet this also has a fashion resonance , " says Mr Langmead .
Is Grange Hill 's Mr Bronson an inspiration ?
" Alber Elbaz , the designer behind the trendy Lanvin label , always sports a bow tie and the label 's influential menswear line frequently features them .
" As a result , the bow tie has had something of a fashion comeback - although it 's a hard item to wear ; you have to try and avoid looking like Pee - wee Herman [ . "
The bow tie is what makes this look possibly unattainable for fans , says Mr Brook .
" A lot of fans liked dressing up as David Tennant .
It 's a very accessible look they can have , with a pair of Converse trainers and a tie .
" But this new look will be more difficult because it does n't fit in as well , especially the bow tie . "
Return to link JACKET
The tweed jacket provides another reference to the early 1980s , says Mr Groves .
" High unemployment meant that people shopped in second - hand stores to find interesting , hard - wearing and above all cheap clothes to wear .
" Whilst David Tennant 's Doctor was undoubtedly influenced by Britpop and [ the film ] Quadrophenia , this Doctor seems to be influenced by Indiana Jones ' geekier nephew . "
The tweed jacket stops Smith from looking too " modern " and adds a bit of Doctor Who history into the mix , says Mr Langmead .
" Mixing vintage pieces with new items has been a fashionable look for men and women for sometime now , and is very much how a large part of the show 's audience will approach their wardrobes .
Return to link SHIRT
The shirt and bow - tie could actually be from a number of contemporary fashion designers , says Mr Groves .
" Similar ones were spotted at the menswear shows in Milan last month .
Spot - on for next season . "
Mr Brook detects a throwback to the seventh Doctor , played by Sylvester McCoy , who sported a similar shirt .
Return to link HAIRCUT
The hair looks much like Matt Smith 's own style , and a longer version of David Tennant's .
" The haircut works well , " says Mr Langmead .
" It is quite foppish and eccentric , and somehow ageless - like the Doctor himself .
It would n't look out of place in a period drama , nor would it seem odd in an episode of Skins . "
Awful , says Mr Groves , who says it reminds him of early Michael Portillo and does nothing for the actor 's wonderful cheekbones .
Return to link
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
Been a fan of Doctor Who for 40 years , seen 'em come , seen 'em go .
And as for this latest one ?
Ca n't wait .
The costume looks everything I would expect from a Doctor Who , it has certain timeless appeal to it that just reeks of time traveller .
I like the look very much and personally think that , like the casting the Doctor himself , it 's inspired .
So many seemed to expecting a new and very modern Doctor , and in true Moffat style , we got the opposite , and for me that bodes VERY well for what 's to come .
Brilliant .
I can't wait for 2010 :-)
Neil Fellowes , Norwich A very disappointing ' look ' .
There is nothing unusual or defining about the image .
He looks like the Jimmy Olsen character from the Superman comic strip .
Very boring , no flair , a bit ' preppy ' college student .
Linda Hardwick , Truro
All these fashion designers seem to have missed the style niche .
The Doctor is a Time Lord and therefore , one would hope , he 's probably pretty post - modern .
He looks like a very fashionable Steampunk , punk + Victorian England .
Check out the dirty boots rolled up trousers ( punk ) and tweed , bow tie and gold watch ( classically 19th Century ) .
Get your subcultures right guys , you seem a bit out of touch !
Jason , Somerset
No no no .
A lot of these comments are missing the point - the Doctor is n't a Steampunk character , he 's not a superhero either .
The last thing we want is another ' carnival ' character or " eccentric " fashion statement .
Tennant looks like he landed the Tardis in a branch of NEXT ..
Perhaps the retro understated look is the new " eccentric " , harking back to the Troughton days .
A refreshing change .
Chris , Sleaford , UK
How blisteringly out of touch all the commentators are .
Bow ties have been back in the mainstream for about two years , as have the boots .
You can buy them both in Top Man , for heaven 's sake !
I think the Doctor looks cool .
Anyone reading this would think David Tennant 's Doctor invented Converse trainers , when in fact his look was also pretty mainstream too .
It 's not so much about what he 's wearing anyway ; it 's down to the scripts and acting .
Justin , London
After the last regeneration there was a long scene of David Tennant racing around the enormous dressing room in the Tardis trying on dozens of outfits before settling on one he was happy with .
I hope after the upcoming regeneration we see a similar scene with Matt Smith tripping and falling head first into an Oxfam sale rail ...
David , Cardiff
One of the rumours abounded that the new Doctor would look a bit " emo " , so dressed in black , with heavy metal inspired t- shirts and waistcoats .
I would like to see the whole ' package ' before really passing judgement on the clothing , because I would hope they would fit the essentially new character extremely well , but one is left with the feeling of a chance lost to make this Doctor look very different , in comparison to the last two .
Steve Freestone , Lincoln I think it 's utterly lacking in imagination or subtlety .
D Tennant managed to look edgy whilst still maintaining a clear English eccentric / fop influence .
This look has no edge to it at all .
It 's an utter stereo - type and a lazy pastiche .
VERY disappointed BBC , VERY disappointed .
Natalie , Lancs
The new outfit makes him look like a young Keith Floyd !
Tom , Durham
There is a theory about bow ties which explains why they 're so unsexy .
A regular long tie is a phallic symbol , both suggesting the phallus and directing the eye south , and below the belt .
The shape and dimensions of a bow tie however reflect the shape of the mouth , suggesting that what the wearer has to say is of more value than the contents of their pants .
( This perhaps explains the popularity of bow ties with academics ) .
With James
Bond 's tuxedo the only exception to the rule , the bow tie is goofy and unsexy : poor Matt Smith has quite the yolk to bear .
Tim Benzie , London
He is a time traveller !
There has to be an era when he 'll be in style !
Nishal , Dundee I do n't think Matt Smith is " in character " in the photographs I 've seen .
I want to see how he carries off the character , and the costume depends a lot on that .
I must be getting old : even the Time Lords are looking young .
Dave Bell , N Lincs I do n't care how ' fashionable ' it is - it looks awful !
I know he 's 900 years old but the bow tie ( unless in tuxedo form ) died a long time ago !
Lisa , London
It seems to be the fashionistas that are wide of the mark .
If you allowed somebody from one of the fashion houses or design colleges to oversee the look of The Doctor there 's every chance that they would be so preoccupied with what 's " on trend " that he 'd end up looking quite ridiculous after two seasons .
Matt will never slip out of fashion because this look will never even slip in to it .
J Lawton , Middlesbrough , Cleveland I love the new costume , I just wish he had a hat .
It 's been a while since The Doctor had a hat
Krycek
Like a lot of people commenting here , I 'm very disappointed with the new costume .
Then again , I was also disappointed in the casting of Matt Smith ( sorry , I 'm sure he 's very talented , but he is too young ) .
I 'm praying that Matt will somehow carry off the role of The Doctor , but he 'll have his work cut out for him given a costume that 's so utterly naff .
At first glance , it 's almost as bad as the appalling costume they made poor old Colin Baker wear .
Obviously a change of look was needed after David Tennant 's Britpop chic , but there were so many great looks that would have gone well with Matt Smith 's features , that I think the Beeb really missed the boat here , dressing him as a 1980s geography teacher .
Max Turner , Henley on Thames Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sex , as you will have gathered , looms quite large in this book , at least at the start ; Levitt and Dubner know the importance of softening up their readers with a bit of smut before hitting them with the heavier stuff .
Their research into Chicago prostitution reveal that prostitutes ’ wages have plummeted in real terms in the last 60 years .
Why ?
Simple really .
Sex is much easier to come by than it was then .
Between 1933 and 1942 , more than 20 per cent of American men had their first sexual experience with a prostitute .
Now it ’s around five per cent .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
The United Nations Council for Human Rights approved a controversial report Friday which accuses Israel and Hamas of " actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " during the December - January war in Gaza .
Israel 's military campaign in Gaza , called Operation Cast Lead , lasted three weeks .
The report , based on a fact - finding mission led by former South African jurist Richard Goldstone , calls for both parties to independently investigate the alleged human rights violations cited in the report .
Friday 's vote at the meeting in Geneva , Switzerland , was 25 - 6 , with 11 abstentions .
The hostilities began December 27 , 2008 , when Israel launched an offensive against Gaza militants for their ongoing firing of rockets against southern Israeli towns .
The fighting ended January 18 .
The council plans to forward the endorsed report to the U.N. General Assembly for its consideration .
The report asks the U.N. Security Council to monitor the probes .
If that group decides the investigations have not been done satisfactorily within six months , the report recommends that they refer the issue to the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Israel rejected the resolution , calling it " one- sided , " and noted there were fewer favorable votes Friday than when the council voted to set up the Goldstone mission .
" Israel expresses its gratitude to those states which supported its position , and to those which , through their vote , expressed their opposition to this unjust Resolution which ignores the murderous attacks perpetrated by the Hamas and other terrorist organizations against Israeli civilians , " the Israeli government said in a written statement .
" The Resolution also ignores the unprecedented precautions taken by Israeli forces in order to avoid harming civilians , as well as the cynical exploitation of civilians as human shields by the terrorist groups .
" The adoption of this resolution by the UNHRC impairs both the effort to protect human rights in accordance with international law , and the effort to promote peace in Middle East .
This resolution provides encouragement for terrorist organizations worldwide and undermines global peace .
" Israel will continue to exercise its right to self - defense , and take action to protect the lives of its citizens . "
The Palestinian Authority government of Mahmoud Abbas supported the report .
That government does not rule Gaza , which is controlled by Hamas .
" The most important thing now is the followup , " said Saeb Erakat , chief Palestinian negotiator .
" The followup here is that we want to ensure the non reoccurrence of the massacre against the Palestinian people .
We have the right to defend ourselves as Palestinians and we are defending ourselves through the international law . "
Voting against the report , which was released last month , were the United States , Italy , Holland , Hungary , Slovakia and the Ukraine .
Douglas M. Griffiths , the U.S. representative to the council , said the United States wants to " express our disappointment at the outcome of this resolution . "
France made a last - minute attempt to delay the vote for three hours so it could try to change the minds of supporters , but they were only given a half hour after Egypt objected to such a long delay .
Among those voting for the report were China , Russia , Egypt , India , Jordan , Pakistan , South Africa and Argentina .
" This is a major step forward for upholding the very ethics of humanity and human values , " said council member Sabri Saidam , adviser to Abbas .
" And a great message for the victims .
" Those that carried out the crimes thought that they can escape punishment .
This is also a clear manifestation of the Palestinian people 's determination to bring justice to those who have suffered from Israeli aggression .
This is a a moral step of the highest moral value . "
Ibrahim Khraishi , the Palestinian Authority 's U.N. ambassador in Geneva , warned , " Our people will never forgive the international community if they leave criminals or perpetrators of crime to enjoy impunity outside the scope of justice . "
In a speech before the vote , Israeli Ambassador Aharon Leshno said , " Do you support the importance of the promotion of peace between Israel and Palestinians ?
If you do ... you must reject today 's proposal . "
The Human Rights Council received the report September 29 , but took no action , after a request by the Palestinian Authority to defer discussion for six months .
Abbas came under withering domestic criticism for the move and was accused of succumbing to Israeli and American pressure to drop the issue .
Abbas reversed course this past week and , in a televised address , told Palestinians that he was seeking immediate debate within the council and vowed to work " to punish everyone who was responsible for the hideous crimes committed against our children , our men and women -- especially in our dear Gaza . "
Khraishi said Israel had rebuffed the Palestinian Authority 's conciliatory move to defer debate on the report and instead answered " with even more grave violations of the rights of Palestinians " in the form of restrictions of movement and housing demolitions in east Jerusalem .
The Goldstone report goes beyond the Gaza conflict .
It " strongly condemns " measures taken by Israel limiting Palestinian access to their properties and holy sites " on the basis of national origin , religion , sex , age or any other discriminatory ground . "
It further condemns " Israeli violations of human rights in Occupied East Jerusalem , particularly the confiscation of lands and properties , the demolishing of houses and private properties , the construction and expansion of settlements , the continuous construction of the separation wall , changing the demographic and geographic character of East Jerusalem , the restrictions on the freedom of movement of the Palestinian citizens of East Jerusalem , as well as the continuous digging and excavation works in and around Al - Aqsa mosque and its vicinity . "
There is an ongoing dispute about the number of people killed in the military offensive that Israel called Operation Cast Lead .
The Gaza - based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll at 1,419 and said 1,167 of those were " non-combatants . "
The Israeli military released its own figures earlier this year , saying that 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were " terror operatives . "
CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .
All About Gaza • Israel • Hamas
Last Friday 's job report showed that most of the US is experiencing enormous economic pain , even if America 's economy is now in a recovery .
Overall unemployment rose to 9.8 % , with the unemployment rate for men hitting a new post - depression high .
The economy shed another 260,000 jobs in September and the previous figure for jobs lost in the recession was revised up by more than 800,000 .
The average workweek continues to shorten .
With real wages falling , this ensures that most workers will be taking home shrinking wages .
For the vast majority of people in the country , who derive the vast majority of their income from working , the economy looks really awful .
But the economy is not looking bad for everyone .
As we are constantly reminded , the financial crisis is behind us and the banks are back in their feet .
In fact , they are more than just back on their feet .
In many ways they are doing better than ever .
The most recent data from the commerce department shows that the financial industry profits now account for more than 31.5 % of all corporate profits .
This is a higher share than at any point during the housing bubble years .
Of course , it is not that hard to make profits when you get to borrow money from the Fed at almost no interest and then lend it back to the government at 3.5 % interest .
Suppose the state of California was given the privilege of not only borrowing $ 1 trillion from the Fed at near zero interest but also using the money to buy Treasury bonds paying 3.5 % interest .
The $ 35bn in annual interest rate subsidies would take care of California 's huge budget deficit pretty quickly .
But hey , California is just a big state .
It 's not a Wall Street bank .
Congress is not going to tolerate special treatment for state governments .
The " save the banks " crew continues to peddle a seriously misleading story , mostly without challenge .
They tell us that we had no choice .
If we did n't give the banks trillions of dollars in their hour of desperate need , then the situation would be even worse .
There is no doubt that a complete collapse of the financial system would have complicated the recovery .
However , handing the banks trillions , no questions asked , was not the only alternative .
Last year we faced a situation in which nearly every major bank faced bankruptcy : they could not pay their debts without the help of the government .
Rather than just make below market loans , with few or no conditions , we could have made loans conditional on changing the way the banks did business .
This would mean prohibiting them from dealing in complex derivative instruments , limiting leverage and seriously cutting executive compensation .
( How does a $ 2 m absolute cap – counting bonuses , stock options and other perks – sound ? )
We could have done this because the US government held all the cards .
If they did n't get money from us they would have been out of business .
We could have told them to run around Wall Street naked , to walk on hot coals , to wear stupid looking hats , the choice was shutting down their banks and looking for new jobs .
Instead , we just handed them the cash , no questions asked .
Now the banks are bigger and badder than ever and paying out big bonuses , just like before .
As things stand , they will be an even bigger drain on the economy in the years ahead than they were in the years leading up to crash .
And , if anyone thinks that the banks have learned something about safe business practices , they have not been paying attention .
What the banks have learned is that if you wreck your bank , and incidentally bring down the economy in the process , you can just send your lobbyists to Congress and the White House with empty bags and ask to have them filled up with money .
The lesson is that Congress will say yes .
The politicians and the media can be counted on running to protect the banks in their hour of need .
While tens of millions of people losing their jobs or their homes is just an unfortunate aspect of the modern economy , the collapse of Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , or Bank of America is a tragedy that our elites just can't fathom .
So , be prepared to endure many more years of high unemployment , under - employment and declining real wages .
Upwards of two million people are likely to lose their homes in 2010 and 2011 .
But the good news is that the economy is recovering and the banks are alright .
A - 3 Test Stand Construction at NASA 's Stennis Space Center in in Hancock County , Mississippi .
Nine water , isopropyl alcohol ( IPA ) and liquid oxygen ( LOX ) tanks have been delivered and installed , with five more water tanks scheduled to arrive in upcoming weeks .
The two IPA tanks shown on the left and the three LOX tanks shown on the right are 35,000 gallons each .
The four water tanks in the center are 39,000 gallons each .
All 14 of the tanks will be used by the chemical steam generators units that will be installed on the A - 3 stand for creating simulated altitudes of up to 100,000 feet , a testing environment for Constellation , initially to validate the performance of the J2 - X engine for the upper stage of the new Ares I launch vehicle .
( NASA / SSC ) #
A few months back I was eating dinner with some friends and our casual conversation quickly escalated into a heated discussion on poker .
The topic of whether it could be beaten came up .
I , as a professional poker player , argued , “ Well , of course it is beatable , otherwise how am I ” survivin’ ? ”
They went so far as to say that if we were to sit down and run out several simulations where we went all in on the flop with a flip situation , I would win more often because I am just a generally lucky person .
Naturally I was taken aback by that statement for two reasons .
Firstly , because I was offended that they pretty much attributed everything I have accomplished to luck .
Secondly , the sheer lunacy of that statement would catch any reasonable person off - guard .
I probably overcompensated when I responded by saying that I guarantee that I could turn anyone into a winning player if they just sat next to me and I told them what to do .
At the time , I actually thought this was true , but now I ’m not so sure .
Recently I started thinking what the constitution of a successful poker player is ; what makes someone like me win , while other people seem to struggle and lose ?
I did some soul searchin’ , so to speak and thought okay , what are some of the attributes I have that pushes me over the edge ?
Here are some of the attributes that I came up with :
Reason and logic –
When faced with a problem , I ’ve always been the type of person to attempt to look at all the angles .
Specifically to poker , trying to look at the big picture every hand and base your decisions is critically important .
What I mean by that is in poker , rarely is anything static .
An example would be If there is a fish at the table , you might not want to reraise with pocket aces because if you do , you ’ll get the fish to fold .
A good poker player looks to play as many pots with poor poker players as often as he can .
Another example would be that you might not want to reraise with a hand like AK because the guy who originally raised is extremely tight and will only get the money in with AA or KK while at the same time folding out dominated aces .
It ’s important to be able to read the entire situation and base your decisions of those .
I also think you ca n’t be superstitious when playing poker .
Poker is a game of odds and percentages .
If you start believing in things like luck , doom switches , or rigged websites , it takes away from your own personal responsibility to improve as a player .
Intellectual curiosity , strive for perfection – I actually thought about this because my friend John and I were playing Mike Tyson ’s Punch - Out ! on NES .
It was n’t enough for us to beat the game ( to be honest we never beat Tyson because he ’s impossible ) , but we had to go back and start over to find the perfect star combinations to beat our opponents as fast as possible .
That drive for perfection , I think while a little OCD , is extremely valuable to a poker player .
By the way , I immediately offered a staking deal to that friend just because I know he could be a good player , but nothing ever came of it .
Dedication –
It is n’t enough to play a few hours a week .
You have to play thousands and thousands and thousands and millions of hands to do this game right .
Not to be arrogant or anything , but I ’ve been doing this professionally since August of 2007 and I like to think I ’m a pretty decent player .
In December of last year , I went on a 100,000 hand break even stretch .
That is a ridiculous amount of hands and if I , a professional poker player , can go through something like that , that gives you an idea of how much variance is actually involved in the game .
You can not expect to win unless you put in the time and effort to do so .
I ’m not just talking about variance either .
There are a million subtle things that you pick up by playing a god - awful amount of hands .
There are timing tells and situations that arise where you subconsciously know where you stand because you ’ve been there before .
After playing several hundred thousand hands , you get a pretty decent idea where you stand every single hand .
You get an idea of how strong your opponent is , how strong your opponent perceives you to be .
That information is invaluable .
Egoless – Unless you ’ve accomplished something really substantial , assume you know nothing .
Be as humble as possible and take advice from anyone you can whom you respect and feel is a better player than you are .
This game owes you nothing .
You do n’t deserve anything for being smart , talented , or driven .
The numbers add up over time and the only thing you can do is your best to not give away any money unnecessarily .
Being egoless helps you improve as a player because if you think you are “ the best ” you will unknowingly trap yourself into bad tendencies that will cause you to lose money in the first place .
By having an arrogant attitude , you wo n’t actively look to improve your game and you wo n’t ask for advice as often .
Emotionless / Tiltless
This is obviously very important and I think everyone really understands this .
If you lose a few buy - ins to bad luck , then you start giving away your money because you ’re upset – it ’s just going to own you and your win rate .
It helps to set a stop loss .
If you lose three or four buy - ins , quit for a while and come back when you are feeling better emotionally .
The great Phil Ivey has a one buy - in stop loss .
Granted when he loses , he loses $ 100,000 .
Throwing money away because you are pissed off is just about the dumbest thing you can do .
During a session , try to objectively look at each hand that you got stacked on and ask yourself , “ Is this standard or am I tilting a bit ? ”
If the answer is the latter , then quit until you are in a better state of mind .
Creativity / Adaptability –
This I do n’t rank very high but feel the need to add it because while yes , it ’s nice to get advice from others and learn through training sites such as cardrunners or deucescracked , trying out different strategies on your own needs to be done .
This does n’t mean to make fancy plays all the time to try to win every pot .
What I mean is do n’t be afraid to try out new things .
Do n’t play standard abc poker all the time because yes , it will beat the bad players , but you ’ll never improve as a player .
You must splash around in a fashion that makes sense to your opponent .
If you sense he has a weak made hand , raise him .
Put them in tough spots .
The key to being a large winner is putting as much pressure as you can on your opponent .
If you lose a buy in or two bluffing , do n’t worry about it .
Learn from it .
Learn what works and what does n’t work .
Mold your game to what works for you .
That ’s about all I can think of for now .
If you can think of any other attributes that are necessary to be successful feel free to post a comment or send me an email at sniderstyle@gmail.com
Well , that night of our dinner and our heated discussion , I was n’t able to win the argument .
It ended up at a stand - off , half the table was on my side , and the others were on the side of luck .
Perhaps , I was n’t able to give a persuasive enough argument , but I think that would change if any of those people were to read this article .
Now , I definitely do n’t think I can coach / train anyone to be a successful player because I really think a person needs to have at least a few of these qualities to be successful and to be honest , not many people do .
That ’s why winning poker players are so rare .
Hartford Criminal Defense and Personal Injury Attorneys
Experienced and Aggressive Connecticut Lawyers
Our philosophy is simple .
We focus on providing our clients in criminal defense and personal injury with highly skilled , professional and vigorous representation from the very beginning to the end .
We believe good lawyering is important — excellent “ counsel ” is critical !
For more than 20 years , Woolf Law Firm , LLC has focused on preserving clients ' rights in the Greater Hartford area and throughout Connecticut , Massachusetts , Florida and New York ( Federal only ) .
The Connecticut criminal defense attorneys at our firm are committed to developing an aggressive defense strategy for individuals accused of misdemeanor and felony charges .
Our law firm also seeks to obtain justice for victims of personal injury accidents .
We put our firm 's experience to work for you .
Contact us today to schedule a free initial consultation .
Offering an Aggressive Defense Strategy
The criminal defense attorneys at our firm are committed to protecting your civil rights .
We will devote substantial resources evaluating the evidence against you to uncover any procedural errors or violations of your civil rights .
Our investigative skills are critical in developing an aggressive defense strategy against state and federal charges , including :
When appropriate , we work with industry - leading experts including former law enforcement officers , polygraph experts , handwriting experts , forensic psychologists , forensic computer experts , forensic accountants and toxicologists to help us develop an aggressive defense strategy .
Pursuing Justice in Personal Injury
Our law firm is committed to obtaining justice for victims of fatal and catastrophic personal injury accidents .
The attorneys at our law firm offer a substantial background proving fault in highly complicated personal injury accidents , including :
We have the skills to prove fault when liability is initially unclear .
Our law firm includes experienced accident scene Reconstructionist who evaluates critical details , including property damage and wreckage from the accident scene to determine negligence .
Our ability to develop convincing legal arguments often prompts large settlement offers , knowing we are fully prepared to prove “ fault ” at trial .
Contact Experienced Attorneys in Connecticut
If you are searching for experienced , highly qualified and devoted legal representation in Connecticut , contact us today to schedule a free initial consultation .
We handle catastrophic and accidental death claims .
Se habla español .
We offer both flat fee and hourly rate retainer plans .
We accept all major credit cards including MasterCard , Visa , American Express and Discover
United American Indians of New England
Jamaica Plain , MA 02130
( 617 ) 522-6626 E-mail : info@uaine.org
Website : http://www.uaine.org 284 Amory St.Jamaica Plain , MA 02130 ( 617 ) 522-6626
ORIENTATION FOR 2009 NATIONAL DAY OF MOURNING
WHAT IS NATIONAL DAY OF MOURNING ?
An annual tradition since 1970 , Day of Mourning is a solemn , spiritual and highly political day .
Many of us fast from sundown the day before through the afternoon of that day ( and have a social after Day of Mourning so that participants in DOM can break their fasts ) .
We are mourning our ancestors and the genocide of our peoples and the theft of our lands .
NDOM is a day when we mourn , but we also feel our strength in political action .
Over the years , participants in Day of Mourning have buried Plymouth Rock a number of times , boarded the Mayflower replica , and placed ku klux klan sheets on the statue of William Bradford , etc .
WHEN AND WHERE IS DAY OF MOURNING ?
Thursday , November 26 , 2009 ( U.S. " thanksgiving " day ) at Cole 's Hill , Plymouth , Massachusetts , 12 noon SHARP .
Cole 's
Hill is the hill above Plymouth Rock in the Plymouth historic waterfront area .
WILL THERE BE A MARCH ?
There will be a march through the historic district of Plymouth .
Plymouth has agreed , as part of the settlement of 10/19/98 , that UAINE may march on Day of Mourning without the need for a permit as long as we give the town advance notice .
PROGRAM : Although we very much welcome our non-Native supporters to stand with us , it is a day when only Native people speak about our history and the struggles that are taking place throughout the Americas .
Speakers will be by invitation only .
This year 's NDOM is once again dedicated to our brother Leonard Peltier .
SOCIAL : We hope there will be a pot-luck social held after the National Day of Mourning speak - out and march this year .
Please check back to the website to confirm .
We anticipate that the hall may not be large enough to seat everyone at once .
We may have to do two seatings .
Preference for the first seating will be given to Elders , young children and their mother / caretaker , pregnant women , Disabled people , and people who have traveled a long distance to join National Day of Mourning .
Please respect our culture and our wish to ensure that these guests will be the first to be able to sit and eat .
With this understanding in mind , please bring non-alcoholic beverages , desserts , fresh fruit & vegetables , and pre-cooked items ( turkeys , hams , stuffing , vegetables , casseroles , rice & beans , etc. ) that can be easily re-warmed at the social hall prior to the social .
Thank you .
TRANSPORTATION : Limited carpool transportation may be available from Boston .
Contact the Boston International Action Center at ( 617 ) 522-6626 .
There is transportation from New York City via the International Action Center , for more information call 212-633-6646 .
Directions : National Day of Mourning is held by the statue of Massasoit at Cole 's Hill .
Cole 's
Hill is the hill rising above Plymouth Rock on the Plymouth waterfront .
If you need directions , use Water Street and Leyden Street in Plymouth , MA as your destination at mapquest.com .
That will bring you to within a few hundred feet of Plymouth Rock and Cole 's Hill .
You can probably find a place to park down on Water Street .
Donations : Monetary donations are gratefully accepted .
Please make checks payable to the Metacom Education Project and mail to
Metacom Education Project / UAINE at 284 Amory Street , Boston , MA 02130 .
download pdf orientation
It 's a point not lost on President Barack Obama 's White House or Democrats headed into next year 's midterm elections .
The stock market may be up , U.S. service industries may be recovering , banks may be lending again and housing prices holding .
But one major piece of the recovery puzzle is still missing : a brighter employment picture .
And that 's bad news for the party in power , whether the recession is officially over or not .
Job losses are expected to continue at least into the middle of next year , likely driving the unemployment rate above 10 percent from 9.8 percent last month .
It could take three or four more years for it to fall to normal levels .
The longest and deepest downturn since the Great Depression has claimed 7.2 million jobs since it began in December 2007 .
Analysts figure 750,000 more jobs could disappear over the next six months .
If you add in people who have stopped looking for work , or who are working part time when they want a full - time job , the unemployment rate is a whopping 17 percent , according to the Labor Department .
" If you 've got an effective unemployment rate of 17 percent and if this goes on for any length of time , a year or more , then everyone 's cushion will run out , " said Republican consultant Rich Galen .
" There are going to be serious implications , culturally and politically . "
Galen said it 's understandable that Republicans would use the state of the economy to pound Obama and Democrats who control Congress .
Still , " it 's not something we should either make fun of , be amused by or play politics with , " he said .
Republicans already see a " jobless recovery . "
In a letter to Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , House GOP leaders asked , " Where are the jobs ? "
Firing back ,
White House chief economic adviser Lawrence Summers defended the administration 's efforts on the jobs front and wrote to the Republican leaders that Obama was " committed to not repeating the fiscal mistakes of the last eight years . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said Monday said stimulus spending and other Democratic initiatives " are the wrong approach . "
Another sign of continuing distress : Applications for Social Security retirement benefits are up 23 percent from last year , a much larger jump than in other recessions .
The surge is due to a rush of baby boomers filing for early retirement .
Signing up for Social Security benefits as early as age 62 can be an immediate source of income for laid - off older workers , but it 's also a troubling sign of the scarcity of jobs .
Despite some signs of recovery , the economy remains fragile .
Consumer spending — which powers two - thirds of economic output — remains weak .
Yet the widespread view among economists is that the recession has ended and that the economy grew in the just - ended third quarter .
So how can it be over if things are still so bad ?
A recession is most simply defined as a period when the gross domestic product falls for at least two quarters .
It had been doing that since the July - September quarter of 2008 , although most economists believe the GDP has now reversed course and rose in the past few months .
The Business Cycle Dating Committee of the National Bureau of Economic Research is generally seen as the authoritative arbiter for dating U.S. recessions .
It takes other things into account besides GDP , including employment levels , real personal income , industrial production , and wholesale and retail sales .
It dated the beginning of the current recession as December 2007 -- and has n't yet called an end .
Economists agree that unemployment is a lagging indicator and can remain high long after a recession is pronounced over , continuing to inflict pain on those still out of work or worried about their jobs .
That why it 's hard for such workers to understand how the recession can be deemed over .
It 's an important political dynamic as 2010 midterm elections approach .
At some point , continued job losses could easily push the economy back into negative territory , for a " double - dip " recession .
Hedge fund manager Doug Kass , founder and president of Seabreeze Partners Management , questions the ability of the economy to mount a self - sustaining recovery under continued elevated joblessness and wage deflation .
" The consumer remains the Achilles ' heel of the economy , " he wrote recently .
Republicans claim continuing job losses signal a failure of the $ 787 billion Obama - driven stimulus legislation .
" That is not what the American people were promised , " said House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio .
White House aides concede they missed the mark with their January estimate that the stimulus package would keep unemployment from rising above 8 percent .
But they insist things would be far worse had the stimulus not passed .
White House Budget Director Peter Orszag suggested the stimulus package added 2 to 3 percentage points , on an annualized basis , to U.S. economic activity from April through September .
" If the economy remains fragile , additional options will be considered , " he said in a recent interview with The Associated Press .
Among measures being studied by the White House and congressional Democrats : extending and expanding a $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time home buyers due to expire at the end of next month ; and tax breaks for companies that add jobs .
Rob Shapiro , an economist who was a top official in President Bill Clinton 's Commerce Department , sees " substantial , continued job losses " for some time if the government does n't take more aggressive steps to foster job growth .
In the meantime , the Obama administration should " prepare the American people to wait a while for real results , " said Shapiro , now with a Democratic think tank called NDN .
I recently overheard a conversation in which a woman mentioned she would never go to Hawaii because she does n't like long flights .
For someone who lives to travel ( and has a trip to Hawaii planned for this fall ) , I would never turn down the opportunity to explore another part of the world solely because of the long flight .
Granted , I do n't look forward to spending hours confined inside a metal canister with the prospect of getting stuck sitting between a crying baby and a portly fellow with overactive sweat glands .
However , I 'm willing to endure a few hours of torture for the pleasures that await me when I land .
My eavesdropping got me to thinking , what is the best way to get through a long flight ?
I did some searching on a few blogs and found everyone was pretty much giving the same advice : drugs , alcohol , and sleep .
I agree that sleeping through the flight is probably the absolute best option , if you can do it .
Being knocked out , even if for only part of the flight , will make the time go by much faster .
However , I do n't condone taking sleeping pills to accomplish this feat .
I feel that sleeping pills are for people who have a real medical condition , and taking them while on a plane is potentially dangerous and will leave you groggy and in a bad mood when you arrive at your destination .
The alcohol tip I agree with to a degree .
Having one drink to help loosen you up may be a great idea ; getting drunk might get you banned from flying with the airline again .
Not everybody can sleep on an airplane .
The seats are uncomfortable , it 's noisy , and sometimes the people around you refuse to close their shades when the sun is obviously beginning to burn your retinas .
So , it 's a good idea to plan ahead how you will keep yourself occupied throughout the flight .
I have never understood people who get on a plane with nothing to entertain themselves .
They 'll look at the in - flight magazine for about 10 minutes , get bored , and then just sit there doing nothing for the rest of the time .
I came up with a few ideas based on what I 've done in the past , seen others doing , or just think would be a great way to pass the time .
To keep your mind distracted :
Watch the in - flight movies if offered
Bring a portable DVD player to watch your own movies
Listen to your iPod
Read a good novel and immerse yourself in another world
Do n't watch the clock
Do crossword or sodoku puzzles
Take your hobby with you if possible
Get to know your neighbors , you might meet some really interesting people
To use your time productively :
Bring travel guides to plan your trip
Write a journal of your travel experiences
Organize your photos on your laptop ; choose the best to share with friends
If visiting a foreign land , study the local language
Write letters to friends or family
Create to do lists for when you get home
Make a list of who to buy souvenirs
If you 're a student , do your homework
To take advantage of being forced to sit quietly , meditate :
Think about where your life is going
What have you accomplished in the past year that makes you proud ?
What goals do you have for the next year ?
What changes do you want to make in your life ?
Dream big !
Imagine a better life for yourself and figure out a plan to get it
Pray .
Open up and express your feelings , concerns , and gratefulness to your god
I 'm sure there are a million other ways to keep yourself busy on a long flight .
Do n't let a fear of being trapped on a plane for several hours keep you from seeing the world .
If you do , you 'll never know what you 're missing out on .
The tasty dish tastes even better with the bread base / europics .
at
Catering boss Tiziano Vicentini is planning to clean up with an amazing range of edible plates - that never need washing .
The plates - made out of a kind of bread dough - are tough enough to last a lunchtime but tasty enough to eat afterwards .
He told the Austrian Times : " I used to work in school catering and watching all that money being thrown away was criminal .
" These dishes cost a few pennies each and are either eaten by the kids or go into recycling bins for animal food . "
Tiziano , 50 , of Milan , Italy , had the brainwave after years of watching schools waste money on plastic plates and dishes and expensive dishwashers .
“ What if I went as Wolverine ? ”
I already had the sideburns .
My wife looked at my thick , curly facial hair , skeptically .
“ Is Wolverine Jewish ? ” she asked .
“ No , he ’s Canadian . ”
Why did I marry a cheerleader instead of a nerd ?
“ Okay , Jewish Wolverine , ” I said , liking it .
“ Jew - verine . ” Loving it .
But Rabbinical sideburns plus Wolverine costume were n’t enough .
Only half a joke Halloween costume .
I needed more .
I needed full joke .
…
“ Yeah , Jewverine .
Like , with menorahs for claws or something , ” said Joel .
Menorahs for claws .
Joel is a genius .
Now that ’s full joke – if I can get the menorah claws .
…
In the Judaica store , I played it cool .
“ Uh , do you have any plastic menorahs ?
Like for kids ? ”
“ No plastic menorahs .
The plastic would burn . ”
Of course it would .
Idiot !
I bought the metal menorah I thought I could best affix to my wrist .
Not adamantium .
…
Home .
The base on the new menorah was too big .
I ’d have to saw it off .
I ’m not a religious guy , but desecrating a menorah … it just felt wrong .
Plus , sawing metal ?
That sounded hard .
Forget it .
I ’ll just go without menorah claws .
Settle for the half - joke .
Do a lot of explaining .
“ No , I ’m Jew - verine .
Get it ?
Jewy sideburns plus Wolverine equals Jewverine .
Yes , those are non-menorah claws . ”
Ug .
…
“ What about this ? ” said my non-nerd non-Jewish wife .
A small metal menorah .
With removable base .
Perfect for wrist attachment .
Snikt . ( Jewish Snikt ? “ Schnick ? ” )
“ Where did you get that ? ”
“ Drawer in the pantry . ”
I never saw that menorah before in my life .
Where did it come from ?
It ’s a miracle .
Like Hannukah .
Or an Isaac Bashevis Singer story .
Or some random thing that just happened .
…
The party .
Yellow and blue old - school Wolverine costume with fake muscles .
Frizzy sideburns .
Star of David on chest .
MENORAH CLAWS .
Dudes loved the costume .
No explanation necessary .
“ JEWVERINE !!! ”
“ Menorah claws ! ! ! ”
Triumph .
Full joke Halloween costume .
…
Girls , not as much .
“ Hey , it ’s Super Jew ! ”
“ No – it ’s Jewverine ! ”
“ Who ? ”
“ Jewish Wolverine ! ! ! ”
“ Who ? ”
“ Forget it .
Happy Halloween . ”
When I learned that my Representative , Sue Myrick , would hold a health - care town hall meeting at our local high school , I decided to attend to see firsthand how much of the passion against socialized medicine was the result of real grass roots or just “ Astroturf ” ( as Nancy Pelosi put it ) .
Sue is a strong conservative who came to office as part of the 1994 Republican revolution .
Since she ’s against the current house bill ( HR 3200 ) , I did n’t think all that many would turnout .
Wow , was I wrong !
Let me set the context for you .
I live in a half - rural half - residential town about 30 minutes outside of Charlotte , North Carolina .
Our population is about 8,000 ( not counting cows and horses ) .
There ’s one small shopping center with a food store , gas station and a few retail and professional shops .
To call it sleepy would be understatement .
Comatose is better .
In this conservative town , zoning is about the only political issue that gets people fired up .
That ’s why I did n’t expect too many people to wake themselves up for a healthcare town hall , especially when they knew that their conservative representative was already solidly on their side ( our county went 63 % to 36 % for McCain ) .
We arrived there half an hour early behind my neighbor , a sheriff ’s deputy , who told me that he was called in at the last minute for crowd control .
He was right — we found the 600 - seat auditorium nearly full .
Fifteen minutes later , there was not a seat in the house , and people were gathering outside the doors in the cafeteria .
We just did n’t know how many were out there .
Sue opened to applause when she let everyone know that she was against HR 3200 .
She then offered personal reasons why she opposes socialized medicine in the United States .
" I ’m a cancer survivor , ” she began .
“ In 1999 , I knew something was wrong and I went to five doctors , I had three mammograms , and it was finally a sixth doctor who ordered an ultrasound that found my cancer .
Under a government health care plan , I would not have had the advantage to get all of that done so quickly .
In fact , they may have never found my cancer or found it too late . "
That resonated with a good friend of mine , a Canadian , who was sitting with us .
Ten years ago she lost her father to colon cancer after he was put on a waiting list for a simple colonoscopy .
Rationing is the inevitable result of a public takeover , and recent news stories from Canada and Britain confirm it ’s happening there .
Before opening the floor to questions ,
Sue let everyone know that she supports certain health care reforms that would increase competition and reduce costs , such as tort reform and allowing insurance companies more freedom to sell their plans across state lines .
She then said she wanted to hear all sides and would stay as long as necessary to give everyone an opportunity to speak — a bold promise given the size of the crowd .
Two long lines formed and most began announcing their opposition to the bill .
Applause followed every opposition comment .
When Sue repeated every comment so the folks outside could hear ( only her microphone was piped outside ) , we heard roars of applause coming through the doors of the auditorium .
It was like an echo — our applause , then theirs .
I wondered how many were out there , so I opened the door and walked into a crowd of literally hundreds of people — there were more outside than inside !
Standing , and leaning on railings , they filled the large cafeteria and were straining to hear every word over a couple of small speakers .
Keep in mind , they could n’t see anything ; they could only listen .
Yet there were hundreds !
It reminded me of the time right after 9 - 11 when people on city streets would gather around radios and TVs to find out what was happening to our country , and maybe to them .
I was n’t going to ask a question or make a statement , but on my way back in I offered my seat to a friend who had been waiting outside .
Since all other seats were taken , all I could do was stand in the question line .
A few supporters of the bill — the 10 % of the questioners who had the professionally made signs — told Sue that she was “ hypocritical ” for supporting the socialist Medicare system but not the public option .
One guy declared loudly that his life was saved by a single - payer system .
He called opponents “ stupid ” and got so rude that a policeman escorted him from the premises .
Providentially , it was my turn shortly after Mr. single - payer system got booted .
Now I ’m no expert on the health care system ( read Charles Krauthammer and David Limbaugh for that ) , but I know enough about free markets to see that Mr. single - payer was actually the one stuck on stupid .
Sue had already refuted him by mentioning that Medicare is broke .
I added this , “ Sue , we keep hearing people talking about the merits of Medicare and other single payer systems .
But the main reason those programs can do anything in modern medicine is because we have a free - market system that feeds them most of the innovation and medical breakthroughs .
If we kill our free - market system , we ’ll be killing the golden goose of healthcare for the entire world ! ”
Charlotte ’s AM news blowtorch , WBT , played some of that quote repeatedly the next day , not because they know me — I ’m nobody to them .
I ’m just a concerned citizen who spoke up to try to make a difference .
Many others did too , and some of their comments made the news as well .
In the end , about 1400 turned out in our little town of 8,000 , and similar crowds attended townhalls the next two nights at other locations in Sue ’s district .
That ’s anything but “ Astroturf . ”
Thankfully , many more of you all over the country are speaking up to make a difference , which is another reason we know that the current conservative awakening is anything but Astroturf .
Astroturf does n’t grow .
Oh , and there ’s still one more reason .
True to her word , Representative Sue Myrick stayed for four and a half hours ( until 11:00 p.m. ) all three nights to hear everyone out .
That was too late for the people with the professionally made signs ( the actual “ Astroturf ” ) .
Most of them went home much earlier , while the conservatives kept the heat on to the very end .
That ’s the kind of passion you must sustain to prevent the government from killing the golden goose of healthcare .
* One billion people in Africa in 2009
* Continent 's population to hit 2 billion by 2050
* Huge investment needed to cater for growth
JOHANNESBURG , Oct 21 ( Reuters ) -
One day this year , in all probability , the " billionth African " will have been born , a milestone that will only benefit the poorest continent if it can get its act together and unify its piecemeal markets .
Nobody knows , of course , when or where in its 53 countries the child arrived to push Africa 's population into ten figures .
The U.N. merely estimates that in mid-2008 there were 987 million people , and in mid-2009 , 1,010 million .
Given the difficulties of obtaining accurate data from the likes of Nigeria , where provincial population figures are often hostage to the ambitions of local politicians , or any data at all from the likes of Somalia , experts are reluctant to hazard any greater degree of accuracy .
There is less doubt , however , about the underlying trend -- that Africa 's population is set to grow faster than in any other part of the world in the coming decades , and to double by 2050 .
" Despite the fact we have these huge populations in China and India , the actual growth of the population will be much more in Africa than in Asia , " said Gerhard Heilig , head of the U.N. 's Population Estimates and Projections Section .
To some , the statistics will invite comparisons to the Asian giants , and inspire hopes of a flood of investment from Africans and outsiders to meet the needs of a continent likely to be home to one in five people by the middle of this century .
By contrast , China 's projected population of 1.4 billion in 40 years will be shrinking , while India will only be adding an annual 3 million to its 1.6 billion people .
To others , the numbers are stark reminders of the mammoth task Africa 's leaders face in providing the food , jobs , schools , housing and healthcare that are still so sorely lacking .
UNFPA , the U.N. 's population arm , summarises by saying that sub-Saharan Africa faces " serious political , economic and social challenges " and points to the last two decades as evidence that more people does not mean more wealth .
" Twenty years of almost three percent annual population growth has outpaced economic gains , leaving Africans , on average , 22 percent poorer than they were in the mid-1970s , " it says .
" UNITED STATES OF AFRICA " ?
From 2003 to 2008 , Africa experienced an unprecedented boom due to a mixture of debt forgiveness , free market reforms and soaring commodity prices that lifted annual output by five percent or more -- crucially outpacing population growth .
That came to a juddering halt with this year 's global economic slump , but the International Monetary Fund is forecasting African growth at 4.0 percent for 2010 , against 1.7 percent for 2009 .
If it can sustain this , and consolidate its patchwork of small countries and 30 overlapping trade blocs into a single , huge market , Africa has a chance of unlocking the ' demographic dividend ' that sucked investment into India and China , analysts say .
" If that does n't work , the demographic dividend is off .
It 'll just be a lot of small , unsustainable states competing against each other , as we 've seen for the last 50 years , " said Patrick Smith , editor of Africa Confidential magazine .
Pan-Africanism , including even a ' United States of Africa ' , has been a rallying cry since the continent started to shake off its colonial shackles in the 1950s and 1960s .
The reality , however , has seldom matched the rhetoric as first the polarising framework of the Cold War and then short - term national self - interest hampered growth in cross - border trade , investment and political cooperation .
Today , intra-regional trade accounts for just 9 percent of Africa 's total commerce , compared to nearly 50 percent for emerging Asia , according to U.N. trade body UNCTAD .
However , there are signs this might be changing , most notably with an agreement last year by three major blocs -- the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa , the East African Community and the Southern African Development Community -- to create a single free trade zone encompassing 530 million people .
Implementation will inevitably hit snags and delays , but at a practical level , everything from more cross - border bus routes to electricity lines and regional ' power pools ' all point to closer regulatory and political alignment .
" It 's not just a political slogan now .
There are some actual actions , " said UNCTAD Africa specialist Janvier Nkurunziza .
SOUTH AFRICA SETS THE TONE
Set against this new political will , however , is the sheer scale of the investment needed to address Africa 's problems .
The World Bank 's International Finance Corporation estimates that Africa spends only $ 10 billion a year on upgrading its dilapidated electricity grids -- compared to $ 40 billion needed to meet demand forecast to treble in the next 20 years .
Similarly , sub -Saharan Africa needs to invest $ 11 billion a year in farming to feed the extra mouths in 2050 , the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organisation said this month .
And even if they secure the cash , leaders need only look at relatively wealthy South Africa , where millions of blacks still live -- and frequently riot -- in shanty towns 15 years after the end of apartheid , to realise that rolling out infrastructure on a grand scale is far from simple .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Prosecutors at the genocide and war crimes trial of ex-Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic have branded him the leader of an ethnic cleansing campaign .
The court ruled the trial in The Hague could resume despite Mr Karadzic boycotting it for a second day .
In opening remarks , prosecutors said Mr Karadzic had " harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear " to pursue his vision of a state without Muslims .
Mr Karadzic denies all charges , which relate to the Bosnian war of the 1990s .
The former Bosnian Serb leader , who is representing himself at the trial , says he still needs at least nine months to prepare his defence .
[ He ] harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear to implement his vision of an ethnically separated Bosnia
Alain Tieger
Prosecutor
Profile : Radovan Karadzic Karadzic : Serbia 's mixed feelings
Separately , former Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic - convicted of war crimes - has been released .
Plavsic was the highest ranking official from the former Yugoslavia to have pleaded guilty for her part in the Bosnian War .
She was sentenced in 2003 to 11 years in a Swedish jail .
But a Swedish court has allowed her early release for good behaviour .
' Hatred and fear '
At The Hague , Mr Karadzic , 64 , faces two charges of genocide and nine more of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
The former president of Republika Srpska , head of the Serbian Democratic Party ( SDS ) and commander of the Bosnian Serb Army has refused to enter pleas , but has said he will co-operate with the court to prove his innocence .
Karadzic to face judgement Secrecy still shrouds Srebrenica
In opening remarks at his trial , the prosecution labelled him the " undisputed leader " of Serbs responsible for carrying out atrocities during the 1992 -1995 conflict .
" This case is about that supreme commander , a man who harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear to implement his vision of an ethnically separated Bosnia : Radovan Karadzic , " prosecutor Alain Tieger said .
Mr Karadzic had " ethnically cleansed vast portions of Bosnia and Hercegovina " during the war , Mr Tieger said , describing him as a " hands - on leader who maintained direct contact " .
" In the course of conquering the territory that he claimed for the Serbs , his forces killed thousands of Bosnian Muslims and Croats , imprisoned thousands more in squalid and brutal camps and detention facilities , and forced hundreds of thousands away from their homes , " the prosecutor said .
Mr Tieger said that as well as witness testimony , some of the evidence against Mr Karadzic would come from intercepts of his own phone calls and transcripts of his speeches .
He quoted Mr Karadzic as saying before the war that Serb forces would turn the Bosnian capital , Sarajevo , into " a black cauldron , where 300,000 Muslims will die " .
Mr Tieger said witnesses who survived the long siege of Sarajevo would describe living " in constant fear , day after day , for years , knowing that they or their loved ones were targets " .
Empty chair Announcing the court 's decision to proceed in his absence , Judge O - Gon Kwon said Mr Karadzic had chosen not to exercise his right to be present and " must therefore accept the consequences " .
THE CHARGES
Eleven counts of genocide , war crimes , crimes against humanity and other atrocities Charged over shelling Sarajevo during the city 's siege , in which some 12,000 civilians died Allegedly organised the massacre of up to 8,000 Bosniak men and youths in Srebrenica Targeted Bosniak and Croat political leaders , intellectuals and professionals Unlawfully deported and transferred civilians because of national or religious identity Destroyed homes , businesses and sacred sites
Q&A : Karadzic on trial
At a glance : Hague tribunal
Have your say : Trial expectations
He said the court would consider imposing a lawyer to represent Mr Karadzic if he continues to boycott proceedings .
Mr Karadzic is not due to give his opening argument until next week .
His legal counsel in Belgrade said he would reject any counsel imposed by the court .
Another of his legal advisers , Kevin Jon Heller , said that from the scope of the trial - thought to include 1.2 million pages of evidence , numerous crime scenes and hundreds of witness - it was understandable why Mr Karadzic , who is not a trained lawyer , had stayed away .
Mr Karadzic was taken to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) in The Hague last year , after 13 years in hiding .
He was indicted in 1995 on two counts of genocide and a multitude of other crimes committed against Bosnian Muslim , Bosnian Croat and other non-Serb civilians during the 1992 - 1995 war , which left more than 100,000 people dead .
The charges relate to several events , including the campaign of shelling and sniper attacks on Sarajevo during the 44 - month siege of the city , in which some 12,000 civilians died .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Karadzic is also accused of being behind the massacre of more than 7,000 Bosniak ( Bosnian Muslim ) men and youths in Srebrenica in July 1995 , and of attacks on more than a dozen Bosnian municipalities in the early stages of the war .
He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison if convicted .
Correspondents say the judges want to complete the trial by 2012 , conscious that the trial of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic ended without a verdict after four years when he died in custody .
Prosecutors have abbreviated the scale of their case , and will call fewer witnesses and include alleged crimes in fewer locations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A former royal aide convicted of murdering her boyfriend has failed to return to prison on schedule , British police said Tuesday .
Jane Andrews , 42 , did not report back to East Sutton Park prison , southeast of London , on Sunday night , Kent Police said .
" We have no information to suggest she is a threat to the general public , however we must be mindful that ... she was convicted of murder , " Assistant Chief Constable Andy Adams said in a statement calling on the public for help in finding her .
Andrews worked as a personal dresser to Sarah Ferguson , then the Duchess of York , for nine years until 1997 .
She was convicted of murdering Thomas Cressman , 40 , in their London home in a fit of rage in 2000 .
During the month - long trial in 2001 , the Old Bailey criminal court in London heard that Andrews was an " intense person " who stabbed her lover to death while he slept after he refused to marry her .
The court heard she beat Cressman over the head with a cricket bat while he was still in bed and then stabbed him with a large kitchen knife .
Andrews was transferred from a closed prison to an open one -- which allows prisoners to come and go on a fixed schedule -- in July .
On November 18 she was sent on East Sutton Park , which is also an open facility .
" We are becoming increasingly concerned for Jane 's welfare and would urge anyone who has any information that will help us locate her safe and well to come forward , " Adams said Tuesday .
Andrews apparently attempted to commit suicide after killing Cressman , the court heard during her trial .
She was found in the west of England three days after the killing , in her car by the side of the road , having taken an overdose of painkillers .
She was hospitalized for three days .
The Prison Service describes the prison that housed her as " a pleasant mansion house overlooking the Weald of Kent .
It holds both adult and young offender women in open conditions preparing them for resettlement in the community . "
Andrews was transferred there only four days before she disappeared .
Potomac , Md .
AS President Obama and his advisers contemplate a new course for Afghanistan , many commentators are suggesting analogies with earlier conflicts , particularly the war in Vietnam .
Such comparisons can be useful , but only if the characterizations of earlier wars are accurate and lessons are appropriately applied .
Vietnam is particularly tricky .
While avoiding the missteps made there is of course a priority , few seem aware of the many successful changes in strategy undertaken in the later years of the conflict .
The credit for those accomplishments goes in large part to three men : Ellsworth Bunker , who became the American ambassador to South Vietnam in 1967 ; William Colby , the C.I.A. officer in charge of rural “ pacification ” efforts ; and Gen. Creighton Abrams , who became the top American commander there in 1968 .
A closer look at key aspects of how these men rethought their war may prove instructive to those considering our options in Afghanistan today .
Among their principles were these :

Fight one war : Abrams , Bunker and Colby agreed that the war would be fought  and won or lost  in the villages .
They decided to put equal priority on all key aspects of the war  thus the improvement of South Vietnam ’s armed forces and the elimination of covert Vietcong bases and refuges in rural areas were given the same emphasis as large combat operations .
In Afghanistan , it is vital that American and NATO troops get out of their protected bases to work alongside Afghan forces and build trust with civilians .
In some ways this may be trickier than in Vietnam , as our troops will have to navigate the tribal and ethnic rivalries that have long divided Afghan society .
David Davies MPIn a week when Left Foot Forward showed the Conservative party are exaggerating the rate of unemployment in this recession , Conservative MP for Monmouth , David Davies , has launched a blistering attack on workplace rights .
But his statement in the Commons does not stack up .
In a week when Left Foot Forward showed the Conservative party are exaggerating the rate of unemployment in this recession , Conservative MP for Monmouth , David Davies , has launched a blistering attack on workplace rights .
Speaking in an Opposition Day Commons debate last night , David Davies said :
“ It is a fact of life that some people are not very good at their jobs .
Some people are lazy and do not turn up for work on time , some people are inefficient , and some people are dishonest .
I had cause to suspend a person for dishonesty in my own office , someone who was stealing money , and do you know what ?
It was absolutely impossible for me to dismiss that person .
I tried everything .
I went to see the solicitor and said , ‘ This person has been filmed stealing my money , ’ and I was still not able to sack her …
“ The point I am making is that people can not be sacked easily enough . ”
The solicitor in question clearly failed to refer to industry guidance on the matter .
Business Link suggests :
“ You can consider dismissing an employee on conduct grounds if they … commit some form of misconduct , ie something that breaches your disciplinary rules …
If it ’s gross misconduct , eg fighting or stealing , you could dismiss immediately . ”
Meanwhile , employment lawyers Naomi Cunningham and Michael Reed on the website that accompanies their book “ Employment Tribunal Claims : tactics and precedents ” say :
“ Gross misconduct is misconduct so serious that the employer is entitled to dismiss for a first offence .
What that means depends in part on the individual workplace .
Some offences will almost always be gross misconduct , whatever the character of the workplace .
For instance , fighting , stealing , arson and deliberate falsification of time - sheets will mostly be in that category . ”
Perhaps Mr Davies is pushing for deregulation to ensure that the Conservative party ’s prophecy on unemployment becomes true .
Hat tip : @robnewman13
As you ’re here , we have something to ask you .
What we do here to deliver real news is more important than ever .
But there ’s a problem : we need readers like you to chip in to help us survive .
We deliver progressive , independent media , that challenges the right ’s hateful rhetoric .
Together we can find the stories that get lost .
We ’re not bankrolled by billionaire donors , but rely on readers chipping in whatever they can afford to protect our independence .
What we do is n’t free , and we run on a shoestring .
Can you help by chipping in as little as £ 1 a week to help us survive ?
Whatever you can donate , we ’re so grateful - and we will ensure your money goes as far as possible to deliver hard - hitting news .
East Cleveland Mayor Eric
Brewer 's apparent transgender life has been exposed days before a primary election is to be held , the Cleveland Leader reported .
Brewer is livid after photos allegedly of him dressed in sexy female lingerie and makeup were leaked to various media outlets .
Cleveland 's NBC affiliate , WKYC Channel 3 , was the first to broadcast the racy photos .
The segment titled Picture Controversy was aired on Wednesday , September 23 .
“ We have no reason to believe the nearly four dozen photos we have are not real , ” Tom Meyer said in his report .
Brewer claims that his opponent , Gary Norton , and the East Cleveland Police Department are responsible for the leaked photographs .
“ My opponent and his supporters , along with members of the East Cleveland police department , have circulated pictures they have claimed to be of me throughout the city , and have caused them to be placed in numerous resident homes . ”
“ Some of the photographs – I have heard but not seen – showed a male sex organ and fall within the legal definition of obscenity .
Instead of enforcing state laws that prohibit the dissemination of obscene materials , I have been informed that members of the East Cleveland Police Department , along with the Chief of Police , were actively engaged in their dissemination , ” Brewer told reporters on Friday .
Both the candidate and department deny any involvement in leaking the photos .
“ I condemn whoever put them out , ” Norton told WKYC .
“ I think they are a distraction at this time from the people of East Cleveland and what the City of East Cleveland needs . ”
But Norton does admit he 's known of the photographs for about a year .
In a statement , the East Cleveland Police Union refuses to identify Brewer as the man in the pictures , defends itself , repeats its endorsement of Norton , and disturbingly smears Brewer 's masculinity .
“ As we have seen and learned through past practices , the Mayor will put his name and picture on things as his ' stamp of approval ' to show that ' HE ' is responsible .
Well what stamp of approval is this ? ”
ActionScript programmer Peter Kaptein has done some brilliantly creative work to mimic the infamous gestural interface in the film Minority Report using only Flash , a webcam , a printer , and your fingers .
( Okay , you may want to pick up some Scotch tape , too . )
The tricks to make it all work ( as I see it , anyway ) :
1 . Treat distance as “ pressure ” for gestures .
2 . Use two markers , allowing for multi- finger manipulation of the interface .
3. Create combined actions – and provide lots of visual feedback .
4 . Do n’t work as much with transformations perpendicular to the screen – by avoiding some of the nuances of these , he navigates around the problem of losing marker tracking .
You ’ll also notice he ’s got a lot of light .
But the results are simply stunning .
And a lot of it is n’t technical trickery , but smart interface design , controlled use of the gestures , and the use of extensive visual feedback to keep the user connected to the experience .
In other words , in a world that may seem all about engineering prowess , good design is still essential .
( And that , to me , was part of what made the movie ’s vision of the future so compelling in the first place . )
He has code excerpts for each of the individual tracking techniques .
It should be possible to port those code snippets to your language of choice – or simply to be influenced by some of the ideas – and go on to do something very different from this project .
In other words , augmented reality is finally evolving beyond the Hello , World stage .
“ Minority Report ” interface using Flash and FLAR toolkit
If you are interested in these techniques , I taught a short workshop on doing this stuff in Processing last week ; once I ’ve refined my code a bit , I ’ll share here .
Thanks to Miguel Isaza via Twitter for the tip !
Whoa .
The consensus on that so - called debate : A " shit show " featuring a rabid , abusive , lying , bleach - injecting tax cheat who declined to condemn white supremacists because he is one .
He did , however , declare himself the winner in a magic act of pre-lying hours before the fact , telling his supporters the debate " will go down in HISTORY . "
And he won praise for his " amazing " win from Borat and the Kazakh people ; they urged , " Vote for Premier Trump or you will be crushed . ”
Speeding traffic policeman jailed for three years over girl 's death
A traffic policeman who killed a schoolgirl after reaching speeds of 94mph in a 30 mph zone was jailed for three years yesterday .
PC John Dougal was not using the blue lights and siren on his patrol car when he hit Hayley Adamson , 16 , as she crossed a road at night last May .
Dougal , 41 , claimed his speed was justified as he was following a suspect car .
' Totally avoidable ' : Pc John Dougal was chasing a suspect car when he ploughed into Hayley Adamson , right , as she crossed a residential street
But he was convicted of causing death by dangerous driving by a jury at Newcastle Crown Court last month and has resigned from Northumbria Police .
At the sentencing hearing yesterday , John Elvidge , defending , said Dougal 's life had been ' devastated ' .
He said the father of one , who joined the police in 1996 , ' will forever be marked by Hayley 's death .
His vocation to be a police officer is now lost ' .
Judge David Hodson said the case was ' an immense tragedy for everyone involved ' .
The court was shown footage from Dougal 's in - car video camera , including the moment the teenager was hit by the car and flung out of shot .
After the trial Gary Garland , the North East Commissioner for the Independent Police Complaints Commission , said the tragedy ' should have been totally avoidable ' .
He added : ' Pc John Dougal is a highly trained police driver , yet he chose to take totally unnecessary and unacceptable risks and travel at high speed on a residential road .
' He had no justification whatsoever to drive at such excessive speed .
' Being a highly trained police driver should never be used as licence to take unnecessary risks on public roads . '
John Elvidge , defending , said Dougal 's life had been been ' devastated ' in an instant , adding : ' He will forever be marked by Hayley 's death .
His vocation was to be a police officer and that now is lost . '
Mr Elvidge said the officer , who joined Northumbria Police in 1996 , had received a caution for a motoring offence when he was 16 and had also incurred penalty points for speeding and contravening a traffic signal by the time he was 20 .
He has since resigned from the force .
Mr Elvidge said Dougal 's wife , young son , and infirm father had also been badly affected by the case .
Markov Chains and Stochastic Stability by S.P. Meyn and R.L. Tweedie ( Originally published by Springer - Verlag , 1993 .
This version compiled September , 2005 . )
ENTIRE BOOK ( 568 pages in total ) :
INDIVIDUAL CHAPTERS :
I. COMMUNICATION and REGENERATION
1. Heuristics ( pages 3 - 22 ) : postscript / pdf
2. Markov Models ( pages 23 - 54 ) : postscript / pdf
3. Transition Probabilities ( pages 55 - 81 ) : postscript / pdf
4. Irreducibility ( pages 82-102 ) : postscript / pdf
5. Pseudo - atoms ( pages 103-129 ) : postscript / pdf
6. Topology and Continuity ( pages 130-152 ) : postscript / pdf
7. The Nonlinear State Space Model ( pages 153-173 ) : postscript / pdf
II .
STABILITY STRUCTURES
8. Transience and Recurrence ( pages 177-203 ) : postscript / pdf
9. Harris and Topological Recurrence ( pages 204-233 ) : postscript / pdf
10 . The Existence of pi ( pages 234-259 ) : postscript / pdf
11 . Drift and Regularity ( pages 260-289 ) : postscript / pdf
12 . Invariance and Tightness ( pages 290-310 ) : postscript / pdf
III .
CONVERGENCE
13 . Ergodicity ( pages 313-333 ) : postscript / pdf
14 . f -Ergodicity and f- Regularity ( pages 334-357 ) : postscript / pdf
15 . Geometric Ergodicity ( pages 358-386 ) : postscript / pdf
16 . V - Uniform Ergodicity ( pages 387-414 ) : postscript / pdf
17 . Sample Paths and Limit Theorems ( pages 415-450 ) : postscript / pdf
18 . Positivity ( pages 451-469 ) : postscript / pdf
19 . Generalized Classification Criteria ( pages 470-496 ) : postscript / pdf
IV . APPENDICES
A. Mud Maps ( pages 500-505 ) : postscript / pdf
B. Testing for Stability ( pages 506-510 ) : postscript / pdf
C. A Glossary of Model Assumptions ( pages 511-519 ) : postscript / pdf
D. Some Mathematical Background ( pages 520-532 ) : postscript / pdf
References : postscript / pdf
Index : postscript / pdf
Symbol Index : postscript / pdf
See also the second edition ( 2009 ) , and Sean Meyn 's other book Control Techniques for Complex Networks ( 2007 ) .
October 21 , 2009 - Wade Schin
With work on Left 4 Dead 2 calming down for us a bit , we were able to finish up something we promised you a while back gathering up all the source files for the character models and getting them online .
This 'll hopefully let you guys get a lot more creative out there with your fan - made content .
( We ca n't wait to see it . )
We 've also gotten a lot of requests for models and props from the Meet the Team shorts .
So we 're happy to announce we 've released the first set , from Meet the Sniper ( note that these were made for the movies , and have n't been optimized for performance in maps , so keep that in mind ) .
I 've outlined some of these below .
The Camper Van
This seemed like the likeliest form of transportation for a Sniper .
Can you spot the pun ?
It 's incredibly , unbelievably subtle .
The Payphone
Because sometimes it 's nice to hear the sound of a loved one 's voice , telling you they think you 're a hired killer .
Beware of Headshots Sign
Sniper was on the payphone with City Hall for weeks after they put these up .
How 's a man supposed to get his job done ?
The # 1 Sniper Mug
It pays to advertise .
The Old Geezer
Once we 'd added the camper van to the Meet the Sniper short , we thought it'd be funny to have something up on the dashboard .
A bobblehead seemed like the obvious choice anything with as big and targetable a noggin as that would be irresistible to Sniper .
Originally , we 'd toyed with the idea of the bobblehead being a mascot from one of the many product signs dotting the landscape of the TF2 universe .
Someone suggested the " Old Geezer " from Old Geezer beer , and a bobblehead model was born .
The word " apricot " is sniper terminology for the medulla oblongata , a " sweet spot " snipers aim for where the brain and brain stem meet .
Hence the Old Geezer holding apricot brandy .
During playtests , though , the apricot reference was discovered to be just a touch too obscure ; more importantly , nobody had any idea who the old guy was .
( Santa ? )
We recast the model as the Civilian , an escort class from Team Fortress Classic and a far more recognizable figure to TF veterans .
People no longer mistook the model for Santa .
They were now convinced it was a bobblehead of Adolf Hitler .
So we fixed the moustache and removed the red armbands .
( Above . )
The apricot reference , meanwhile , became an air freshener .
( Because once we latch onto a clever factoid , we really just do n't let go . )
These models will all show up once you refresh the SDK content .
Have fun !
When it comes to the bible , Carrie Prejean is like a woman at a buffet line .
She just picks and chooses whatever satisfies her cravings ... for attention !
In an interview with Christianity Today , the disgraced beauty queen and spawn of Satan spoke on her breasts implants .
She said she 's sure God is totally cool with them because :
“ I do n't see anywhere in the Bible where it says you should n't get breast implants . ”
A majority of Americans are against gay marriage .
Fox News is the highest - rated cable news network , by far .
Still , Carrie Prejean somehow claims she 's in the persecuted minority .
Fair point .
There 's no specific citation in the Bible that condemns breast implants .
But there is this passage from Thessalonians 4:3 - 5 , which reads :
For this is the will of God , your sanctification : that you abstain from sexual immorality ; that each one of you know how to control his own body in holiness and honor , not in the passion of lust like the Gentiles who do not know God .
Care to comment on that one , Ms. Multiple Sex Tapes ?
Surveillance footage from a school somewhere in China .
A fundamentalist Baptist church is making headlines for their upcoming book / album burning , but their website reveals a hidden treasure : the Index Of Ungodly Athletes .
The Amazing Grace Baptist Church , in western North Carolina , has a doozy of a website that singles out the worst offenders in " Follywood , " on " Devilvision , " and , yes , the sports world .
The usual suspects are represented , like Mike Tyson , Michael Vick and " Peter " Rose .
But there are some surprising inclusions ( all sic'ed ) .
Marko Jaric : Engaged to the Victoria 's Secret supermodel ( porn magazing ) Adriana Lima .
Richard Petty :
As a public figure Richard Petty makes it clear that the two most important things in his life are his family and his fans .
" I do n't particularly tell my guys to cheat .
I just tell them not to get caught . "
Richard Petty 's god is racing , not God Almighty .
He teaches that is okay in life to cheat just do n't get caught doing it .
Is Richard Petty your idol ?
Joakim Noah :
Has long hair , which is disobedient to the Word of God .
Adam Archuleta : Engaged to a Playboy Playmate Jennifer Walcott .
They have one son .
This is called fornication , and we all know what their son is called , the same thing the Bible calls him .
Matt Leinart : Matt is telling your people all over this world that it okay to drink , be immodest , and to be in an sexual situation with more than one girl .
He is teaching teenagers not to save themselves for their spouse , but to live it up because you only live life once .
Is Matt your idol ?
Torrie Wilson : Committed an abomination by kissing a female wrester " Sable " on the lips .
Tom Brady : Tom Brady has an unwed child , but it 's okay because he wins Super Bowls .... Tom Brady is teaching us to have sex outside of marriage , to commit fornication , do n't marry and do the right thing , do n't take responsibility for your actions , have a good time no matter who you hurt in this world , go from sex partner to sex partner , and it 's okay because of who I am .
How many of you dad 's cheer on Tom in the Super Bowl while your kids are watching ?
See Nokia : Apple iPhone Violates Our Patents :
A few choice excerpts :
In a statement , “ Nokia said Apple has refused to pay for use of intellectual property developed by Nokia that lets handsets connect to third - generation , or 3G , wireless networks , as well as to wireless local area networks .
“ Apple is attempting to get a free ride on the back of Nokia ’s innovation , ” Ilkka Rahnasto , Nokia vice - president for legal and intellectual property , said in the statement .
This implies apple copied their patented inventions .
but copying need not be shown for infringement , and you can bet they will not rely on this in pressing their case .
They are trying to have it both ways : to darkly hint Apple copied them , while being happy to persecute Apple for non-copying acts that still infringe their patents .
The Finnish handset giant said Oct. 22 it has filed suit against Apple … in U.S. District Court in Delaware , accusing its California - based rival of infringing patents for core technology that allows the iPhone to make calls and connect to the mobile Internet .
Although Nokia … has sued rivals such as Qualcomm … over patents in the past , the latest lawsuit came as a surprise–and represents an escalation of increasingly contentious competition with Apple .
So … the filing of the lawsuit is how they are engaging in “ increasingly contentious competition . ”
How much more clear could it be that these patents are nothing but anti-competitive devices used for protectionism ?!
It ’s obvious to everyone .
The loss of smartphone share is doubly frustrating to Nokia because it sold phones with computer - like features years before Apple .
During the last two years Nokia has launched a series of handsets with iPhone - like touchscreen interfaces , but none has generated quite the same buzz as Apple ’s devices … .
So they are losing out in competition , so using legal weapons instead .
Apple , like all mobile - phone makers , relies on such standards to make its devices compatible with carrier networks .
Nokia says it has contributed its intellectual property to global standards bodies , but demands to be compensated for the use of its patents in commercial products .
“ Apple is expected to follow this principle , ” Nokia ’s Rahnasto said in the company ’s statement .
So , Nokia contributed to a standard with the very goal of making a standard that everyone would start using .
Apple starts using it–bam , they sue them .
Nokia is leveraging the monopoly the state granted them .
Horrible .
Oct. 21 , 2009  --
The president of Lithuania called for an official investigation Tuesday into an ABC News.com exclusive report in August that the CIA housed a secret prison for al Qaeda suspects in Lithuania for more than a year beginning in 2004 .
" If this is true , " President Dalia Grybauskaite said , " Lithuania has to clean up , accept responsibility , apologize , and promise that it will never happen again . "
At a press conference with the Council of Europe Human Rights Commission , Grybauskaite announced the investigation after it was clear a previous attempt by the Lithuanian Parliament was insufficient , according to a Council of Europe official .
In August , ABC News reported that the CIA built a secret prison in a residential section of Vilnius from September 2004 through November 2005 .
The CIA used the prison to detain and interrogate top level al Qaeda prisoners captured around the world after 9/11 .
Lithuania was the only unknown European country to house so called " black sites , " after the identities of Poland and Romania were reported in late 2005 by the Washington Post and ABC News ' Brian Ross .
Read that report here .
The CIA built or housed al Qaeda detainees in several countries around the world before President Obama ordered them closed shortly after assuming office earlier this year .
Among the countries were Thailand , Afghanistan , Morocco , in addition to the three eastern European nations , according to more than a dozen former and current intelligence officials .
The Lithuanian prison was the last " black " site opened in Europe , after the CIA 's secret prison in Poland was closed down in late 2003 .
In September 2004 , European and American flight records examined by ABC News reveal CIA - contracted flights directly from Afghanistan to Lithuania .
On September 20th , 2004 , a Boeing 707 with tail number N88ZL flew directly from Bagram Airbase to Vilnius .
According to several former CIA officials , the flight carried an al Qaeda detainee , who was being moved from one CIA detention facility to another .
Additionally , in July 2005 , a CIA - chartered Gulfstream IV , tail number N63MU , flew direct from Kabul to Vilnius .
Several former intelligence officials involved in the CIA 's prison program confirmed the flight as a prisoner transfer to Lithuania .
The Vilnius prison was closed , however , after news of other CIA prisons in Poland and Romania were reported in the press in November 2005 .
Focusing On Ending Torture
Last August , in a written response to ABC.
com 's report the Lithuanian government denied their country had ever hosted a CIA prison , saying " The Lithuanian Government denies all rumors and interpretations about alleged secret prison that supposedly functioned on Lithuanian soil . "
Lithuania is a signatory to the U.N. Convention Against Torture , as well as the European Convention on Human Rights .
Additionally , the Lithuanian legal system prohibits torture , assault , and extrajudicial detention .
" There are important legal issues at stake , " said John Sifton , a human rights researcher .
" As with Poland and Romania , CIA personnel involved in any secret detentions and interrogations in Lithuania were not only committing violations of U.S. federal law and international law , they were also breaking Lithuanian laws relating to lawless detention , assault , torture , and possibly war crimes .
Lithuanian officials who worked with the CIA were breaking applicable Lithuanian laws as well . "
As a result of the ABC News.com story about Lithuania , the Council of Europe reopened its investigation into Lithuanian involvement in the CIA program , according to a Council of Europe official .
" We cannot place Lithuania in a position , for whatever interests , where it may become a target for international terrorists , " said Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite .
" Both Lithuania and the United States must provide answers to these questions . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
The government is poised to allow nuclear power generators to use ordinary landfill sites for dumping " hundreds of thousands of tons " of waste in an attempt to reduce the £ 73bn cost of decommissioning old reactors .
The move has triggered a swath of applications around the country from big corporations trying to cash in on this potential new business , but infuriated local councils and campaign groups .
The issue of waste is critical to the government as the stockpile is potentially much greater than previously thought and ministers are keen to encourage the power industry to build a new generation of reactors .
Actions being considered by the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) and its Nuclear Decommissioning Authority include :
• Allowing the nuclear industry to use ordinary landfill sites for disposing of radio​active waste in a more extensive way .
• Allowing the main independent nuclear waste dump at Drigg in Cumbria to reduce its costs by scaling back the level of containment .
• Building a £ 1.5 bn radioactive liquid - waste processing plant at Sellafield , Britain 's biggest atomic site , despite a history of project cost overruns and wider safety concerns there .
• Extending a blueprint for dealing with existing high - level waste to cover that created by future nuclear stations – an " unjustifiable " step , according to the chair of the committee that created the blueprint .
Cumbria county council , regarded as the most pro-nuclear authority in the country , is among those trying to stop at least two landfill sites from being used for dumping radioactive waste .
The council 's frustration threatens to undermine the government 's attempts to persuade it to host the country 's first high - level radioactive waste repository .
Tim Knowles , cabinet member for the environment on the council , said : " A tiny amount of nuclear waste went into the Lillyhall landfill site in the past but now they are trying to vastly expand that and use a former open - cast mine at Keekle Head .
" We are talking about moving from a few tons to hundreds of thousands of tons , " he said .
The cost of dealing with existing waste has risen to £ 73bn and been made worse by the discovery that there is 13 m cubic metres of " potentially contaminated land " around sites such as Sellafield .
This is as well as the existing 3.2 m cubic metres of low - level waste and a smaller amount of more radioactive , high - level waste .
A report seen by the Guardian , dated October 2008 , from the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority ( NDA ) , says : " In a worst - case scenario , this supplementary volume could increase the volume of land as waste to the point that it dwarfs the current baseline for UK low - level waste .
This uncertainty presents significant challenges to the development of a national low - level waste strategy . "
The NDA recently completed a 14 - week consultation on low - level waste and said it was close to finalising a new strategy .
Extending landfill is clearly part of that .
Martin Forwood , of Cumbrians Opposed to a Nuclear Environment , said he was " appalled " by moves to spread the waste around the county .
" This is all being done because the Treasury wants to cut the cost , while the one proper licensed waste site at Drigg is almost full up .
People seem willing to bend over backwards to help nuclear in a way they do n't for anyone else . "
Waste management firms have moved swiftly to apply for permission to dispose of nuclear material .
A French - owned company , Sita ( through its Endecom subsidiary ) , is applying to the Environment Agency for authorisation for a Radioactive Substances
Act disposal unit for its Clifton Marsh landfill site near Preston .
Sita has also presented local councillors and industry professionals with plans to convert a former open - cast mine at Keekle Head , near Whitehaven , Cumbria .
A rival waste company , Augean , is trying to convince locals it should be allowed to dump nuclear waste at the East Northants Management Facility at Kings Cliffe village , near Peterborough .
And EnergySolutions , a firm with deep roots in the nuclear industry , wants to extend the use of a landfill site at Lillyhall in Cumbria .
Rob Scott , from Sita 's nuclear consultants , Nuvia , said : " Planned decommissioning of nuclear installations will generate significant quantities of low - level waste and very low - level waste , such as building rubble and soil .
" It is now clear that the continued disposal of this low - level waste to the highly engineered national Low - Level Waste Repository , near Drigg in west Cumbria , is not sustainable and is very expensive for the taxpayer .
This means alternative solutions have to be found . "
The energy department said last night it expected a decision on low - level waste from the NDA within " months " but said this would not affect the timing of its wider nuclear programme .
It said a policy dating back to 2007 allowed landfill to be used for the disposal of very low - level waste " subject to appropriate regulatory authorisations " though it is unclear if any waste has been disposed of in this way .
But Melanie McCall , one of the campaigners opposing the Augean move near Peterborough , said : " People do n't want to be guinea pigs .
The dump is completely inappropriate for this waste . "
Augean said it was satisfied there would be no " harm to our employees , the public or the environment " .
Low - level waste is made up of a wide range of materials used in the atomic industry , including plastic and clothing as well as metal and building rubble .
It makes up approximately 90 % of the total volume of the UK 's radioactive waste but , the NDA argues , it contains " less than 0.0003 % " of the total radioactivity .
The government expects high - level waste to be buried in a deep repository and two local councils in Cumbria have made " expressions of interest " about housing the dump , although discussions remain at a very early stage .
The waste from future reactors will be lower in volume but highly radioactive .
Setting aside claims of vagueness , a divided federal appeals court is upholding the constitutionality of the Animal Enterprise Protection Act , a statute that makes it a crime to encourage " physical disruption " or " economic damage " against animal - research centers .
Thursday 's decision by the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ( .pdf ) was the first time an appellate court has grappled with the free speech issues raised by the law , reviewing the case of radical animal - rights activists who were convicted in 2006 of using e-mail and websites to encourage violence – including bombings – against a New Jersey animal - research center , its shareholders , office holders , bankers and others affiliated with it .
The six ranking members of the Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty group , some of whom were sentenced to up to six years in prison , argued that the 2002 statute , amended in 2006 , has a chilling effect on speech because of its ambiguity .
The defendants maintained that , among other things , they simply espoused protests and released names and addresses of people who should be subject to protests , in a bid to pressure change at New Jersey 's Huntingdon Life Sciences .
The company tests mice , rats , dogs , monkeys and guinea pigs for big pharma , agribusiness , veterinarians and medical - implant companies .
What ensued were bombings , the release of animals from the research facility , the destruction of ATMs , the sinking of boats , and even " virtual sit-ins " – distributed denial of service attacks done the old - fashioned way , with thousands of protesters repeatedly clicking targeted websites to slow or shutter them .
While the bulk of the defendants ' online postings and e-mails were protected speech , the court said it was troubled with the dissemination of personal information of individuals employed by Huntingdon and affiliated companies — including some communications accompanied with threats to burn down their houses .
What 's more , the appellate panel said the defendants ' e-mails and online postings that coordinated the denial of service attacks were clearly illegal .
The court pointed out that the defendants noted online in real time that their efforts were having the desired effect of crippling Huntingdons ' servers .
" This message encouraged and compelled an imminent , unlawful act that was not only likely to occur , but provided the schedule by which the unlawful act was to occur , " the court noted .
" This type of communication is not protected speech . "
The six defendants , however , argued that they did not publicly advocate illegal activity in their electronic rants , and that the government has transformed their protected speech into unlawful speech because of the independent action of others .
The court noted that " political hyperbole " or advocating violence that is not imminent and unlikely to occur is protected .
But speech that constitutes a " true threat " is not .
" Because defendant 's conduct was clearly within the heartland of the statute , speculation as to the hypothetical ways that the AEPA could be unconstitutionally vague would require us to formulate a rule of constitutional law broader than is required by the precise facts , " Judge Julio M. Fuentes wrote for the 2 - 1 majority .
In dissent , Judge D. Michael Fisher , while upholding the AEPA 's constitutionality , wrote that it should not have applied in this case and that the defendants did not have the " intent " to violate the statute .
" While the government 's evidence tended to prove that the defendants conspired together to put economic pressure on Huntingdon to close its facilities by targeting companies that did business with Huntingdon , as well as their employees , and furthered this goal through a campaign of intimidation and harassment , the government 's evidence did not prove an agreement to cause physical disruption to Huntingdon and damage to property it used , " Fisher wrote .
The majority added that the government did its job and presented the jury with enough evidence " that established that , beyond a reasonable doubt , the accused had the requisite intent to disrupt the functioning of an animal enterprise . "
Finally , the court said that the " record also supports a jury inference that these individual defendants personally participated in illegal protests , in addition to orchestrating the illegal acts of others .
They personally took credit for the success of the direct action campaigns as companies discontinued their business dealings with Huntingdon , one by one . "
The defendants include Darius Fullmer , a group campaign organizer ; Andrew Stepanian , a group activist ; Kevin Kjonaas , the group 's president ; Joshua Harper , a group organizer ; Lauren Gazzola , the group 's campaign coordinator ; and Jacob Conroy , the group 's website admin .
Parents seek £ 1 m for hammer attack on white son at ' race bullies ' school
Damages : Henry Webster was left fighting for life after the attack at his school in 2007
A white pupil was battered with a hammer at a school where politically correct teachers were afraid to deal with racial tensions , the High Court heard yesterday .
Henry Webster , 15 , suffered a fractured skull and brain damage after being set upon by a gang of Asian youths .
Twelve people were jailed over the 2007 attack , but Mr Webster 's parents have now brought a civil action against Ridgeway Foundation School near Swindon .
They claim there was a negligent failure to maintain proper discipline and deal with racial tension and are seeking compensation of up to £ 1 million .
The family 's lawyers told the court a ' culture of racist bullying and harassment ' built up around a 30 - strong gang called the ' Asian Invasion ' .
Teachers were too anxious about being seen as bigoted to intervene , but white pupils were branded ' racist ' by the acting headmaster and given harsher punishments .
Robert Glancey , QC , representing the family , said tensions escalated after the July 7 London bombings in 2005 and when more Asian pupils joined the school , some of whom were ' radicalised and hostile ' .
Racial intimidation and violence became a ' feature of the life of the school ' with eruptions of ' extreme acts of violence ' , it was alleged .
Asians were ' encouraged ' to separate from white pupils and formed a gang that would laugh at and abuse them .
Court battle : ( l - r ) Elizabeth Webster with Henry , his brother Joe and his stepfather Roger Durnford outside the High Court in London
Serious incidents included a riot on the playing field in May 2006 , which led to armed police attending the school .
At the same time , white pupils received unfair treatment , the court was told .
One boy was disciplined for wearing an England shirt .
Mr Glancey said : ' There were a large number of incidents , events , complaints and warnings which would or should have made any school which was being reasonably competent realise there was a serious problem with racism , violence security , discipline and misbehaviour . '
Amjad Qazi ( left ) and Wasif Khan were jailed for the attack on Henry Webster
Mr Webster was attacked after being told an Asian youth wanted a one - to - one fight .
But reinforcements from outside the school were called in by mobile phone .
Among the 12 jailed for between eight months and eight years for GBH and ABH over the incident were Wasif Khan , 18 , and Amjad Qazi , 19 .
They were the eldest members of the group which attacked Mr Webster and were not pupils at the school .
Instead they journeyed to there after a series of text messages and phone calls from Asian pupils .
Ridgeway School disputes the allegations against it and says blaming it for the attack , carried out by a non-pupil outside school hours , is ' unprecedented and far - fetched ' .
The case is being brought by Mr Webster , now 18 , his mother Elizabeth Walker , 46 , who has her own nanny recruitment business , his younger brother Joseph , 14 , and his step - father Roger Durnford , 44 , who runs a building company .
They are also seeking damages , saying they were traumatised by witnessing his injuries and his suffering .
The case continues .
How To Own A Windows Domain
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " > Z ( Z [ at ] wechall [ dot ] net ) submitted this cool video to us .
According to his submission :- I had to cut this video to a short one , so please use the pause button if something is too quick :)
The mission is to create a new Windows domain administrator - in case we do not have any user in the domain or any local user at the workstation .
< span style = " font - style : italic ; " >
Prerequisites : </ span><br>< br> 1. Physical access to one of the domain member workstations for ~ 20 minutes . < br > 2 . Every local administrator user on the workstations have the same password .
Strong or weak , it does not matter .
NO social engineering , NO password stealer , NO password cracker , NO malicious code , NO exploiting zero - day or already patched vulnerabilities .
< br >< br> Tools used for the attack : < br >< br > 1. ophcrack ( to get the local admin LM& NTLM hashes ) < br > 2 . Offline NT Password & Registry Editor , Bootdisk / CD from Petter Nordahl - Hagen ( to login as local admin ) < br > 3. pass - the - hash toolkit from Hernan Ochoa - Core Security ( to authenticate with the hashes , so we do not have to crack them ) < br > 4. psexec from Mark Russinovich ( to run remote commands ) < br > < br > < span style = " font - style : italic ; " >
Demo architecture :</ span >
We have at least 3 computers : the workstation ( WKS ) for which we have physical access , the domain controller , and a workstation ( ADMIN - WKS ) with a logged in domain administrator ( DomainAdmin ) .
< br >< br >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > Steps : </ span >< br>< br> 1 . Boot the workstation with ophcrack .
Stop the cracking process , and save the hashes .
View the hashes , and write the local administrator hashes down with pencil&paper ( or copy it on a USB stick , etc. ) . < br > 2 . Boot in with the Offline NT Password & Registry Editor .
Reset the local administrator password to blank , and reboot .
3 . Login with administrator to the workstation with blank password . < br > 4 . Use iam.exe or iam - alt.exe to change the LM&NTLM hashes in the memory . < br > 5 . Copy the pass - the - hash toolkit to the admin - wks via an administrator share . < br > 6 . Run the whosthere .exe or whosthere - alt.exe to get the DomainAdmin LM&NTLM hashes . < br > 7 . Create a local user called DomainAdmin , and login into that profile . < br > 8 . Use iam.exe or iam - alt.exe with the DomainAdmin hashes to change the LM & NTLM hashes in the memory . < br > 9 .
Right now we have the same privileges as the DomainAdmin , so we can create a domain admin for ourself .
Or anything else we want in the domain ( reset anyone elses password , read someone elses e-mail , etc. ) .
< br >< br >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > Known limitations : </ span><br>< br> 1. Some Windows versions / service packs are not compatible with the pass - the - hash toolkit , feel free to modify the source or debug the libraries to get the correct memory addresses .
< br > 2 . Some AV engines detect pass - the - hash toolkit as malicious code , use AV evasion techniques against them .
< br >< br >< span style = " font - style : italic ; " > What is cool ?
</ span><br>< br>1 .
It does not matter how complex the local admin and domain admin passwords are . < br > 2 . It works even if the domain admins are forced to use smart cards for interactive login . < br > 3 . We have not used any of the attacks mentioned above , so it works on fully patched networks with security paranoid admins .
< br></div >< br>< style type =" text/css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style >
Tags : basics ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Do n't Take Your Gods To Town + Blake Sims ' Dr. Strange !
A friend send me this short online comic ages and ages ago , and I now I totally know where it 's from .
Anyone recognize it ?
EDIT : blaketiger in the comments pointed out that Steven Sanders might be the Steven Sanders from Five Fists of Science ( and the upcoming S.W.O.R.D. ) , so I sent out to investigate ( send an email ) !
Turns out he is the artist , and was cool with posting it here .
You can check out more of his comics and art at his site .
Also , Blake Sims , for fun , redrew eight pages from this classic Lee / Ditko Dr. Strange joint .
Go read !
( He also did this for a few pages of The Atom a while back )
By Grant Morgan
October 22 , 2009 -- Something molecular is changing in the DNA of capitalism .
Look at these three recent quotes :
" The future will be a total disaster , with a collapse of our capitalistic system as we know it today . "
" Capitalism is near the tipping point , unprepared for a catastrophe , set up for collapse and rapid decline . "
" There is a high probability of a crisis and collapse by 2012 .
The ' Great Depression 2 ' is dead ahead .
Unfortunately , there 's absolutely nothing you can do to hide from this unfolding reality or prevent the rush of the historical imperative . "
What 's particularly important about these quotes is who made them .
Not socialists .
No , they were made by ardent , intelligent and reputable defenders of capitalism .
For more information , read the MarketWatch essay " America 's soul is lost and collapse is inevitable " .
Each of the three quotes includes the word " collapse " in the sense of a collapse of global capitalism , rather than merely a crisis in a particular part of the world system ( such as cracks in the financial architecture or deflations of housing and share bubbles ) .
What we are starting to see is collapsing confidence among the defenders of capitalism .
While far from universal , it is becoming a common phenomenon among the more insightful ideologues of the global marketplace .
History is crystal clear on this point : a crisis of confidence among the ruling elites of any social system is both a symptom and a catalyst of impending social disintegration ( and , after a turbulent interregnum , the rise of another type of social system ) .
Increasingly common talk among our " betters " about the possibility or probability of capitalist collapse is tightly intertwined with the crisis of legitimacy , one of the quartet of contradictions which are besieging late capitalism .
The other three contradictions are the profitability crisis , the resource crisis and the ecological crisis .
Corporate profitability is in overall longterm decline despite late capitalism 's frantic efforts to compensate via the ultimately self - destructive mechanism of financialisation .
The system is reaching peak oil , peak water and peak farmland as the scramble for dwindling resources sparks new imperial wars .
Capitalism 's predatory exploitation of the environment has unleashed the revenge of nature , facing humanity with the catastrophic dangers of climate warming .
The mounting fury of this quartet of contradictions points towards only one possible outcome : the collapse of capitalism on a global scale within a historically short time span .
When a country 's rulers become so isolated that they block even the " normal " evolution of capitalism , such as in Russia ( 1917 ) , Spain ( 1935 ) , Cuba ( 1959 ) , Czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , Nicaragua ( 1979 ) , Venezuela ( 1999 ) and Nepal ( 2007 ) , they can be ousted by a grassroots revolt without fatal consequences to the system as a whole .
And so often the world system has rolled back the people 's gains as isolation gutted the revolution .
The structures of a social order spanning the entire planet will be weakened to the point of collapse only by an elemental conjunction and intensification of worldwide contradictions .
The quartet of contradictions eating away at global capitalism 's profit rates , natural resources , ecological stability and popular legitimacy may be slowed by intelligent policy options , but they can not be halted .
Indeed , they are more likely to be hastened by stupid policy options driven by the dynamics of competitive profiteering .
That brings us full circle to the despair expressed at the outset of this story by defenders of capitalism .
They feel that the financial institutions which increasingly drive not only investment strategies but also government policy have " lost all sense of fiduciary duty , ethical responsibility and public obligation " , to quote the words of US financial guru Paul Farrell .
Their short - run thinking , he says , will inevitably generate " bigger , more frequent bubble / bust cycles " and the " rapid decline " of global capitalism .
Self - doubt and cynicism have now taken such a hold of capitalism 's intellectuals that it is becoming commonplace for them to parody the stupidity and greed of big banks .
The website of the British Financial Times , that once - magestic propagandist of the corporate marketplace , hosts a side - splitting video send - up of banking practices , political economy and how everything yet nothing has changed in the last year .
It features a bumptious banker saying , " Show me a stupid risk , and we 'll take it " , because governments will always shovel more money into his bank vaults .
This must - watch spoof can be seen at http://www.ft.com/cms/4fe40d1a-07b4-11dd-a922-0000779fd2ac.html?_i_referralObject=10664514&fromSearch=n.
While tapping into a deep vein of public disquiet , the criticisms of bankers made by capitalism 's intellectuals seldom offer real alternatives because of the mental chains and social bonds constraining the critics .
Socialists need to tap into the same vein , but with different objectives .
That 's why Socialist Worker - New Zealand recently initiated a ``Bad Banks '' campaign .
By joining the dots between big banks , which most people love to hate , and the entire workings of a world system sliding into existential crisis , the campaign aims to prepare people for life after capitalism .
Different campaigns on different issues in different countries are organising resistance to global capitalism 's mistreatment of people and nature .
All these campaigns are necessary , and all deserve support .
Since the Bad Banks campaign in New Zealand is just one campaign among many , it does not claim any special status .
And yet , in one way , this campaign is special .
It targets a key driver of early social collapse : the grotesque financialisation of global capitalism .
We must be prepared for that early collapse , and we must prepare others .
We must propose socialist alternatives now so that we prepare the ground for the green shoots of popular recovery .
If you want to be part of the Bad Banks campaign in New Zealand , or spread it to other countries , email campaign manager Vaughan Gunson at svpl@xtra.co.nz .
For the latest information on the campaign , visit the Bad Banks campaign website or UNITYblog .
The latest edition of Socialist Worker - New Zealand 's magazine UNITY is also devoted to the Bad Banks campaign .
[ Grant Morgan is a leading members of Socialist Worker - New Zealand . ]
Hundreds of travellers evacuated from snow - stranded vehicles overnight will spend another night in emergency shelters , while some central North Island roads remain closed .
Police said this morning that the Desert Road remained closed and SH1 from Waiouru to Taihape was also closed along with SH 49 from Waiouru to Ohakune .
The army was called in to evacuate 56 people from State Highway 1 to Waiouru military camp , where they spent the night .
NZPA WEATHER WOES : Unseasonable snow covers farmland at Matawai , north of Gisborne .
A state of civil emergency has been declared in Taupo after heavy snow left trapped dozens of people in their vehicles on State Highway 5 between Taupo and Napier .
Major Monique Brown said those motorists were ferried back to their vehicles and given a brief chance to leave Waiouru from 12.30 pm , after SH1 was cleared .
The road had since been closed again after bad weather but could reopen later today , an army spokesman said .
Another 668 travellers were evacuated from State Highway 5 , with 368 rescued from the Napier end of the highway , and 300 evacuated to Taupo .
SH5 remained closed but Civil Defence and roading contractors were looking at beginning to retrieve the 150 - odd cars in blocks of 20 later today .
The number of cars meant most owners would need to wait until tomorrow , Taupo District Council said .
Snow was expected on the road again tomorrow , causing further delays .
Council controller Tina Jakes said the retrieval would be ' ' a major logistical exercise ' ' .
'' We understand that people will be anxious to get their cars back and get on their way but we ask that they are patient and let us get on with the process as quickly as possible .
'' We will keep people being accommodated updated on any progress and ask that those in private or commercial accommodation call us if we do n't already have their contact details and / or car keys . ''
Napier police area commander Inspector Kevin Kalff said there were no concerns for the welfare of anyone stranded or rescued .
The last bus load of cold and tired travellers were rescued by 9am from the Taupo side of the road and were resting at the Taupo Events Centre before being sent to a local marae .
Taupo Mayor Rick Cooper drove one of the evacuation buses .
Those who had been rescued were either taken to the Tarawera Tavern , the Summit Kiosk or the Te Pohue Hotel .
Some motorists had been picked up by family and friends .
Hukarere Girls College at Eskdale , north of Napier , was also acting as a centre for those evacuated .
Mr Kalff said there had been great support from the businesses along the Napier - Taupo Rd who had taken the evacuees and from organisations such as four - wheel drive clubs .
One motorist , returning with four passengers from the David Tua- Shane Cameron boxing match at Mystery Creek in Waikato , said hundreds of cars were trapped on State Highway 5 between Taupo and Napier last night .
Only four - wheel - drives , including fire trucks , were able to move on the blocked roads , he said .
Rangitaiki Tavern owner Marion Klaus said this morning she had been up all night making soup and cups of tea and coffee for hundreds of stranded travellers .
Taupo 4 - Wheel Drive Club members had been foraying out to collect people from their cars on the Napier - Taupo Rd during the night to bring them back to the tavern .
The tavern was without power overnight , except for gas hobs and what was provided by a mobile generator brought out by Taupo Civil Defence .
From the tavern , Taupo civil defence were busing people back to Taupo .
Mrs Klaus said there were a lot of empty cars on the road , including a truck that was blocking the highway .
Hastings District Council had established a public inquiry number through its main number phone number 06 871 5000 for people wanting to find out if their family members were safe .
Taupo's Emergency Operations Centre had also organised a phone inquiry number - 0800 275 832 .
Police were asking all drivers who had to abandon their cars last night and went to Napier to report back to Hukerere Girls College at 10 am so the road could be cleared of vehicles .
Drivers who could not make their own way to Hukerere should make their way to the Tennyson Hotel in Napier by 9 am so Civil Defence could arrange transport to Eskdale .
Meanwhile , State Highway 1 at the Desert Road has been closed since yesterday afternoon and snow continued to fall in the area this morning .
A heavy rain warning also remained in place for the Eastern Bay of Plenty , Gisborne and Hawke 's Bay .
Icy winds , rain and snowfalls are set to continue for another couple of days as a cold snap takes hold around the country .
Those brave enough to venture outside in Wellington yesterday were forced to wrap up in scarves and winter coats as temperatures hovered around 8 degrees celsius .
A MetService spokesman said snow would fall to about 600 metres in the Central Plateau and Western Hawke 's Bay , with up to 20 centimetres forecast to accumulate by this morning .
Snow was also possible on the Rimutaka Hill Road .
Bay of Plenty , Gisborne and Hawke 's Bay would have heavy rain today .
People in those areas should watch for rapidly rising streams and rivers , the spokesman said .
Cold southerly gales are forecast to continue blasting Wellington today , with the temperature expected to be about 9C .
" There 's a bit of a low that is hanging round and it will be a day or two before it is nudged off , " he said .
" These types of weather conditions are not unusual for this time of year .
We expect changeable patterns . "
LAMBS DIE IN COLD :
Meanwhile rain , snow and cold winds are killing newborn lambs in the region .
" It is sad to see any animal die , and particularly lambs , but it is a reality of farm life , " said the Veterinary Association animal welfare co-ordinator Virginia Williams .
But she expected most lambs would survive the cold because they were able to deal with sudden changes of temperature .
" They can seek out shelter when they need it or snuggle into their mothers for additional warmth if it gets really cold , but in general they 're used to it and it does n't harm them .
It is not the same as putting a baby or toddler out in the cold , " Dr Williams said .
Farmers should ensure lambs , and their mothers , had access to shelter such as trees , bushes , rushes or even the odd hay bale .
MetService forecasters said today that more snow was expected and the weather was unlikely to let up until tomorrow .
- with NZPA
Galleon Group , the hedge - fund firm at the center of the biggest insider - trading case in decades , pushed its traders so hard to get market - moving information that those who failed were frequently berated or pushed out , former employees and people familiar with Galleon said .
Co-founded by Raj Rajaratnam , Galleon is among Wall Street 's biggest traders and has a web of contacts among technology and health - care executives , some of whom have been investors in the firm 's hedge funds .
Parts ...
Dirty Car Art
DIRTY CAR ART
Check out the amazing dirty car art work of Scott Wade , who does art on the rear windscreens of very dirty cars .
Posted on May 28 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : Is Obama Trying to Kill the CIA ? , “ Tu es un terroriste ” , Terrorism and Insurgency – Obama ’s policies on War on Terror working – whats got Cheney worked up ? , Will the Last Terrorist to Leave Gitmo Please Turn Out the Lights ? , The Truth Behind the Bronx Synagogue Bomb Plot , Obama ’s Endless War on Islam , What Terrorists Do In Their Free Time , and The NYC Bomb Plot : A Teachable Moment for American Security .
[ tags ] terrorist , can you recognize a terrorist , dea , fbi , cia , poster , picture , image , who is a terrorist , big brother , who are terrorists , patriotism , freedom fighters [ / tags ]
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Friday 17 July 2009
In the article below we reported that a British backpacker , Jamie Neale , had been found in the bush near Katoomba in Australia 's Blue Mountains .
But our headline had him in the outback .
Katoomba is about 50 miles ( 80 km ) from Sydney as the crow flies .
Having lit a candle , buried a red rose and carved his son Jamie Neale 's name and date of birth into a tree , Richard Cass had arrived at what he described as " closure " , accepting that the 19 - year - old was dead .
Neale had last been seen on 3 July , when he set off from a youth hostel in New South Wales 's Blue mountains wearing only light clothing ; despite an enormous manhunt , no trace of him had been found .
Freezing overnight temperatures and the inhospitable terrain meant that rescuers too were giving up hope , and had begun to wind down the search .
The young man 's distraught father was at Sydney airport todaywaiting to fly back to Britain when he received a text from one of the police officers in the search : " Phone me , I 've got good news . "
Against the odds , Neale , from London , had survived his 12 - day ordeal by eating seeds , foraging for lettuce - like weeds and sheltering at night under logs .
He was at the Narrow Neck fire trail , just a few miles as the crow flies from the town of Katoomba from where he had set off , when he stumbled across two bush walkers and told them he was the missing backpacker .
Reunited with his son at the hospital where he was being treated for dehydration and exposure , Cass spoke to reporters with a mixture of absolute delight – " I was like a lunatic .
My boy 's been found !
My boy 's been found ! " – and affectionate paternal anger for the " stupid kid " who had come " back from the dead " .
" When I have seen the mistake after mistake he 's made … I can't say I 'd kill him ' cos obviously that would spoil the point of him coming back .
But yeah , I 'm going to kick his arse .
" Because the millions that have been spent on this search , the man hours and woman hours that have gone into it , people have been injured , people have been exhausted , all because he goes out on a walk without his mobile phone .
" The only teenager in the world who goes on a 10 - mile hike and leaves his mobile phone behind . "
Neale arrived in Australia on 22 June , having worked as a part - time lab technician after leaving school to save for his trip of a lifetime .
On 2 July he booked into a youth hostel in Katoomba , a popular destination for backpackers planning to explore the Blue mountains ; the following morning , dressed in a light shirt , jacket , jeans and a cap and carrying a small bag , he set off alone on a 10 - mile hike , but became disorientated and lost .
The alarm was raised when he failed to turn up for a prepaid tour of local caves the next day ; soon 100 police rescue teams , dog handlers , firefighters and volunteers were hunting for him .
Cass said his son had survived after finding a source of water and by eating seeds and " some sort of weed which was like rocket , as he described " .
He had slept one night under a log , he said , otherwise " he was just huddled up in his jacket " .
" What he was saying , he would go up on a height and see where the cliffs were , where he had to go , but as soon as he went down , and the trees were around him , he could n't see where he was . "
His son , he said , " was losing faith in the idea there was a God every time the helicopter flew over and he was waving and shouting and nothing happened .
He thought he was going to die " .
The NSW State Emergency Service said that finding water had been critical for Neale 's survival .
" He was lost for just on two weeks , it 's quite possible , with just water , to survive that length of time , " said a spokesman , Steve Delaney .
Cass flew to meet rescuers on 8 June , insisting Neale was a " tough kid " who did n't feel the cold , and encouraging rescuers to continue their efforts .
Inspector Carl Clark , from New South Wales police , said the young man 's father had written a letter with some background information about his son which he gave to the search teams .
" It was really personal .
It gave us motivation , " he told Sky News .
Cass said Neale had originally planned to go on to south - east Asia , " but he can forget that now , to be honest " .
" I think he has put his mother through enough .
When I heard he was going to south - east Asia I thought that was going to be dangerous .
I had no idea that he was going to screw up in Australia . "
[ prev in list ] [ next in list ] [ prev in thread ] [ next in thread ]
List : openbsd- misc Subject : OpenBSD 4.6 release Oct 28 , 2009 From : Theo de Raadt < deraadt ( ) cvs !
openbsd ! org >
Date : 2009-10-18 15:38:59 Message -ID : 200910181538.n9IFcx6i003620 ( ) cvs !
openbsd !
org [ Download RAW message or body ]
Many people have received their 4.6 CDs in the mail by now , and we really do n't want them to be without the full package repository .
Oct 18 , 2009 .
We are pleased to announce the official release of OpenBSD 4.6 .
This is our 26th release on CD - ROM ( and 27th via FTP ) .
We remain proud of OpenBSD 's record of more than ten years with only two remote holes in the default install .
As in our previous releases , 4.6 provides significant improvements , including new features , in nearly all areas of the system : - New / extended platforms : o mvme88 k o MVME141 and MVME165 boards are now supported .
o sgi o SGI Octane , SGI Origin 200 and SGI Fuel systems are now supported .
o Several bugs in interrupt handling have been fixed , resulting in significantly improved system response .
o sparc o
The bootblock load address has been moved so that larger kernels can be loaded .
o sparc64 o Acceleration support has been added for many of the PCI frame buffer drivers , such as the Sun PGX , PGX64 and XVR - 100 , and Tech Source Raptor GFX graphics cards .
- Improved hardware support , including : o Several new / improved drivers for sensors , including : o The ips ( 4 ) driver now has sensor support , complementing the bio support .
o The acpithinkpad ( 4 ) driver now has temperature and fan sensor support .
o New endrun ( 4 ) driver for the EndRun Technologies timedelta sensor .
o The fins ( 4 ) driver now has support for F71806 , F71862 and F71882 ICs .
o The acpitz ( 4 ) driver now shows correct decimals for temperature .
o Added radeonfb ( 4 ) to sparc64 , an accelerated framebuffer for Sun XVR - 100 boards .
o Added support for RTL8103E and RTL8168 DP devices in the re( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for BCM5709 / BCM5716 devices in the bnx ( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for ICH10 variants of em ( 4 ) .
o Added support for VIA VX855 chipset in the viapm ( 4 ) and pciide ( 4 ) drivers .
o Added support for Intel SCH IDE to pciide ( 4 ) .
o Added support for the Broadcom HT - 1100 chipset in the piixpm ( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for 82574L based devices in the em( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for VIA CX800 south bridge to the viapm ( 4 ) driver .
o A number of network drivers including bge ( 4 ) , bnx ( 4 ) , hme ( 4 ) , iwn ( 4 ) , ix ( 4 ) , msk ( 4 ) , sis ( 4 ) , sk ( 4 ) , vr( 4 ) and wpi( 4 ) now make use of the MCLGETI ( 9 ) allocator in order to reduce memory usage and increase performance when under load or attack .
o Added support in em ( 4 ) for the newer 82575 chips .
o zyd ( 4 ) now supports devices with Airoha AL2230S radios .
o zyd ( 4 ) now works on big-endian machines o urtw ( 4 ) now supports RTL8187B based devices .
o New otus ( 4 ) driver for Atheros AR9001U USB 802.
11a/b/g/Draft-N wireless devices .
o New berkwdt ( 4 ) driver for Berkshire Products PCI watchdog timers .
o New udl ( 4 ) driver for USB video devices .
o Support for a variety of newer models in bge ( 4 ) .
o Initial version of vsw ( 4 ) , a driver for the virtual network switch found on sun4v sparc 64 systems .
o Implemented machfb ( 4 ) , an accelerated driver for the sparc64 PGX / PGX64 framebuffers .
o New vcc ( 4 ) and vcctty ( 4 ) drivers for the " Virtual Console Concentrator " found on the control domain of sun4v systems .
o Implemented 64 - bit FIFO modes for ciss ( 4 ) devices .
o Enabled hardware VLAN tagging and stripping on ix ( 4 ) .
o Added basic support for Envy24HT chips to the envy ( 4 ) driver .
o Many improvements and updates to the isp ( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for 88E8057 - based Yukon 2 Ultra 2 - devices in msk ( 4 ) .
o
The ips ( 4 ) driver now works reliably .
o Added raptor ( 4 ) , an accelerated framebuffer driver for the Tech Source Raptor GFX cards on the sparc64 platform .
o Enabled schsio( 4 ) on i386 and amd64 and added watchdog timer support .
o New acpivideo ( 4 ) driver for ACPI display switching and brightness control .
o Added support for the IBM ServeRAID - 8 k in the aac ( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for the BCM5825 and 5860/61/62 Broadcom CryptoNetX IPSec / SSL
Security processor in the ubsec ( 4 ) driver .
o Added support for AES - CBC with BCM5823 - based ubsec ( 4 ) devices .
o Firmware for bnx ( 4 ) has been updated .
o Added support to fxp ( 4 ) for the 82552 MAC found on some ICH7 chipsets .
o Added support to umsm ( 4 ) for Truinstall enabled modems like the Sierra 881U .
o Added support to pciide ( 4 ) for ICH10 SATA devices not operating in AHCI mode .
o dc ( 4 ) now reads the MAC address from the eeprom rather than CIS .
o em ( 4 ) now correctly handles MAC addresses for dual - port 8257 [ 56 ] cards .
o IPv6 receive TCP / UDP checksum offloading has been enabled for jme ( 4 ) .
o IP v6 receive TCP / UDP checksum offloading has been enabled in bge ( 4 ) for the 5755 and later chips .
o iwi( 4 ) now associates with APs that refuse non-short slot - time capable STAs .
o IP , TCP and UDP checksum offloading has been enabled in vr( 4 ) for VT6105 M - based devices .
o VGA BIOS repost support has been added for amd64 and i386 platforms .
- New tools : o Added smtpd ( 8 ) , a new privilege - separated SMTP daemon .
o Imported the tmux ( 1 ) terminal multiplexer , replacing window ( 1 ) .
- New functionality : o httpd ( 8 ) can now serve files larger than 2GB in size .
o Mice with many buttons are now supported by wsmoused ( 8 ) .
o New " nfsserver " and " nfsclient " views have been added to systat ( 1 ) .
o Automatic partition allocation has been added to disklabel ( 8 ) , with a variety of smart heuristics .
o An undo command has been added to disklabel ( 8 ) , which reverts the label back to its previous state .
o
When running in auto - mode , sysmerge ( 8 ) will now install binary files from X sets automatically .
o sysmerge ( 8 ) now creates a report summary file in the work directory .
o httpd ( 8 ) now drops privileges to www / www rather than nobody / nogroup if the User / Group entries are not present within the configuration file .
o ELF based platforms now generate ELF core dumps and gdb ( 1 ) is now able to read ELF core dumps .
o Additional diff options have been added to opencvs ( 1 ) .
o When sendbug ( 1 ) is run as root , the pcidump ( 8 ) and acpidump ( 8 ) output is included .
o Support for audible ping ( 8 ) and ping6 ( 8 ) has been added .
o ftpd (8 ) now logs both the remote IP and remote hostname when receiving a new connection .
o relayd ( 8 ) now allows both UDP and TCP redirections .
o SSL sessions are now maintained by relayd ( 8 ) for each checked host , resulting in subsequent checks being lighter and faster on the server .
o Added support to relayd ( 8 ) for client - side TCP connections from relays .
o Added support to relayd ( 8 ) for specifying a CA file to verify SSL server certificates when connecting as a client from relays .
- pf ( 4 ) improvements : o Enabled pf ( 4 ) by default in the rc.conf ( 8 ) .
o Removed pf ( 4 ) scrub rules , and only do one kind of packet reassembly .
Rulesets with scrub rules need to be modified because of this .
o Regular rules can now have per-rule scrub options .
o Added new " match " keyword which only applies rule options but does not change the current pass / block state .
o Make all pf ( 4 ) operations transactional to improve atomicity of reloads .
o Stricter pf ( 4 ) checking for ICMP and ICMP v6 packets .
o Various improvements to pfsync( 4 ) to lower sync traffic bandwidth and optionally allow active - active firewall setups .
o Fix pf ( 4 ) scrub max -mss for IP v6 traffic . - softraid ( 4 ) improvements : o Rebuild support has been added and RAID 1 volumes can now be rebuilt .
o
Boot time assembly has been significantly improved , with volume and chunk ordering now being respected .
Duplicated chunks and version mismatches are also handled gracefully .
o Volumes with missing members are now brought online .
- OpenBGPD , OpenOSPFD and other routing daemon improvements : o In bgpd ( 8 ) , rework most of the RDE to allow multiple RIBs .
It is possible to filter per-RIB and attach neighbors to a specific RIB .
o Added an option to bgpd ( 8 ) to change the " connect - retry " timer .
o Allow bgpd.conf ( 5 ) and bgpctl ( 8 ) to contain 32 - bit ASN numbers written in ASPLAIN format .
o Fix bgpd ( 8 ) to correctly encode MP unreachable NLRI so IP v6 prefixes get removed correctly .
o Changed the behaviour of " redistribute default " for ospfd ( 8 ) and ripd ( 8 ) .
A default route has to be present in the FIB to be correctly advertised .
o Make ospfd ( 8 ) and ripd ( 8 ) track reject and blackhole routes and allow them to be redistributed even if pointing to 127.0.0.1 .
o Allow an alternate control socket to be specified for ospfd ( 8 ) . o ospfd ( 8 ) can now be bound to an alternate routing domain .
o Fix ospfd ( 8 ) route metric for " redistribute default " .
o Initial version of ldpctl ( 8 ) and ldpd ( 8 ) , a label distribution protocol daemon for mpls .
o Make dvmrpd(8 ) RDE aware of multicast group members per interface .
o Added support for pruning in dvmrpd ( 8 ) .
- Generic Network - Stack improvements : o Support for virtual routing and firewalling with the addition of routing domains .
o Added support for ifconfig ( 8 ) to bind an interface to a routing domain .
o Added support to ping ( 8 ) , traceroute ( 8 ) , arp ( 8 ) , nc ( 1 ) and telnet ( 1 ) to specify which routing domain to use .
o Allow ifconfig ( 8 ) to turn off IP v6 completely for an interface and make rtsold ( 8 ) turn on inet6 on the interface .
o Routes track the interface link state .
o route ( 8 ) flush accepts " - iface " or " - priority " to only flush routes matching these conditions .
o Multiple dhclients can now coexist without causing mayhem .
o
Make wireless interfaces have an interface priority of 4 by default .
Makes them less preferred then wired interfaces .
o
Do not accept IPv4 ICMP redirects by default .
o Added the MAC address to the log entries in dhclient ( 8 ) .
o Make systat ( 1 ) show interface description names in the interface view , and add new NFS server and client views .
o Make tun ( 4 ) emulate link state depending on the open and close of the device fd .
o
Use pf state - table information to speed up decision on whether a packet is to be delivered locally or forwarded .
o
More routing socket checks added to make userland applications more resilient to kernel changes .
- Install / Upgrade process changes : o
The installer has almost been rewritten , primarily with a focus on simplifying the installation process .
o Automatic disk layout can now be used during installation , allowing for simple single - disk installs .
o VLAN support is now available in some installation media .
o A standard user account can now be created during the install process .
- OpenSSH 5.3 : o Do not limit home directory paths to 256 characters .
o Several minor documentation and correctness fixes .
- Over 5,800 ports , minor robustness improvements in package tools .
o Many pre-built packages for each architecture : i386 : 5606 sparc64 : 5413 alpha : 5346 sh : 1261 amd64 : 5544 powerpc : 5427 sparc : 3711 mips64 : 3443 arm : 5291 hppa : 4790 vax : 1785 - As usual , steady improvements in manual pages and other documentation .
-
The system includes the following major components from outside suppliers : o Xenocara ( based on X. Org 7.4 + patches , freetype 2.3.9 , fontconfig 2.6.0 , Mesa 7.4.2 , xterm 243 and more ) o Gcc 2.95.3 (+ patches ) and 3.3.5 (+ patches ) o Perl 5.10.0 (+ patches ) o Our improved and secured version of Apache 1.3 , with SSL / TLS and DSO support o OpenSSL 0.9.8 k (+ patches ) o Groff 1.15 o Sendmail 8.14.3 , with libmilter o Bind 9.4.2 - P2 (+ patches ) o Lynx 2.8.6rel.5 with HTTPS and IPv6 support (+ patches ) o Sudo 1.7.2 o Ncurses 5.2 o Latest KAME IPv6 o Heimdal 0.7.2 (+ patches ) o Arla 0.35.7 o Binutils 2.15 (+ patches ) o Gdb 6.3 (+ patches )
If you 'd like to see a list of what has changed between OpenBSD 4.5 and 4.6 , look at http://www.OpenBSD.org/plus46.html
Even though the list is a summary of the most important changes made to OpenBSD , it still is a very very long list .
we provide patches for known security threats and other important issues discovered after each CD release .
As usual , between the creation of the OpenBSD 4.6 FTP / CD - ROM binaries and the actual 4.6 release date , our team found and fixed some new reliability problems ( note : most are minor and in subsystems that are not enabled by default ) .
Our continued research into security means we will find new security problems -- and we always provide patches as soon as possible .
Therefore , we advise regular visits to http://www.OpenBSD.org/security.html and http://www.OpenBSD.org/errata.html
Security patch announcements are sent to the security - announce@OpenBSD.org mailing list .
For information on OpenBSD mailing lists , please see : http://www.OpenBSD.org/mail.html
OpenBSD 4.6 is also available on CD - ROM .
The 3 - CD set costs $ 50 CDN and is available via mail order and from a number of contacts around the world .
The set includes a colourful booklet which carefully explains the installation of OpenBSD .
A new set of cute little stickers is also included ( sorry , but our FTP mirror sites do not support STP , the Sticker Transfer Protocol ) .
As an added bonus , the second CD contains an audio track , a song entitled " Planet of the Users " .
MP3 and OGG versions of the audio track can be found on the first CD .
Lyrics ( and an explanation ) for the songs may be found at : http://www.OpenBSD.org/lyrics.html#46
Profits from CD sales are the primary income source for the OpenBSD project -- in essence selling these CD - ROM units ensures that OpenBSD will continue to make another release six months from now .
The OpenBSD 4.6 CD - ROMs are bootable on the following four platforms : o i386 o amd64 o macppc o sparc64 ( Other platforms must boot from floppy , network , or other method ) .
For more information on ordering CD - ROMs , see : http://www.OpenBSD.org/orders.html
The above web page lists a number of places where OpenBSD CD - ROMs can be purchased from .
For our default mail order , go directly to : https://https.OpenBSD.org/cgi-bin/order
All of our developers strongly urge you to buy a CD - ROM and support our future efforts .
Additionally , donations to the project are highly appreciated , as described in more detail at : http://www.OpenBSD.org/goals.html#funding
For those unable to make their contributions as straightforward gifts , the OpenBSD Foundation ( http://www.openbsdfoundation.org) is a Canadian not - for - profit corporation that can accept larger contributions and issue receipts .
In some situations , their receipt may qualify as a business expense writeoff , so this is certainly a consideration for some organizations or businesses .
There may also be exposure benefits since the Foundation may be interested in participating in press releases .
In turn , the Foundation then uses these contributions to assist OpenBSD 's infrastructure needs .
Contact the foundation directors at directors@openbsdfoundation.org for more information .
The OpenBSD distribution companies also sell tshirts and polo shirts .
And our users like them too .
We have a variety of shirts available , with the new and old designs , from our web ordering system at , as described above .
The OpenBSD 4.6 t- shirts are available now .
We also sell our older shirts , as well as a selection of OpenSSH t- shirts .
If you choose not to buy an OpenBSD CD - ROM , OpenBSD can be easily installed via FTP .
Typically you need a single small piece of boot media ( e.g. , a boot floppy ) and then the rest of the files can be installed from a number of locations , including directly off the Internet .
Follow this simple set of instructions to ensure that you find all of the documentation you will need while performing an install via FTP .
With the CD - ROMs , the necessary documentation is easier to find .
1 ) Read either of the following two files for a list of ftp mirrors which provide OpenBSD , then choose one near you :
http://www.OpenBSD.org/ftp.html
ftp://ftp.OpenBSD.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/ftplist
As of Oct 1 , 2009 , the following ftp mirror sites have the 4.6 release : ftp://ftp.stacken.kth.se/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
Sweden ftp://ftp2.usa.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
NYC , USA ftp://ftp3.usa.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
CO , USA ftp://ftp5.usa.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
CA , USA ftp://rt.fm/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
IL , USA
The release is also available at the master site : ftp://ftp.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/
Alberta , Canada
However it is strongly suggested you use a mirror .
Other mirror sites may take a day or two to update .
2 ) Connect to that ftp mirror site and go into the directory pub / OpenBSD / 4.6 / which contains these files and directories .
This is a list of what you will see : ANNOUNCEMENT armish / mvme68 k / sparc64 / Changelogs / ftplist mvme88 k / src.tar.gz HARDWARE hp300 / packages / sys.tar.gz PACKAGES hppa / ports.tar.gz tools / PORTS i386 / root . mail vax / README landisk / sgi/ xenocara.tar.gz alpha / mac68k / socppc / zaurus / amd64 / macppc / sparc/
It is quite likely that you will want at LEAST the following files which apply to all the architectures OpenBSD supports .
README - generic README HARDWARE - list of hardware we support PORTS - description of our " ports " tree PACKAGES - description of pre-compiled packages root .
mail - a copy of root 's mail at initial login .
( This is really worthwhile reading ) .
3 ) Read the README file .
It is short , and a quick read will make sure you understand what else you need to fetch .
4 ) Next , go into the directory that applies to your architecture , for example , i386 .
This is a list of what you will see : INSTALL.i386 cd46.iso floppy B46.fs pxeboot * INSTALL.linux cdboot * floppyC46.fs xbase46.tgz MD5 cdbr* game46.tgz xetc46.tgz base46.tgz cdemu46.iso index.txt xfont46.tgz bsd * comp46.tgz install46.iso xserv46.tgz bsd.mp * etc46.tgz man46.tgz xshare46.tgz bsd.rd * floppy46.fs misc46.tgz
If you are new to OpenBSD , fetch _at least_ the file INSTALL.i386 and the appropriate floppy *.fs or install46.iso files .
Consult the INSTALL.i386 file if you do n't know which of the floppy images you need ( or simply fetch all of them ) .
If you use the install 46.iso file ( roughly 200 MB in size ) , then you do not need the various *.tgz files since they are contained on that one - step ISO - format install CD .
5 ) If you are an expert , follow the instructions in the file called README ; otherwise , use the more complete instructions in the file called INSTALL .i386 .
INSTALL.i386 may tell you that you need to fetch other files .
6 ) Just in case , take a peek at : http://www.OpenBSD.org/errata.html
This is the page where we talk about the mistakes we made while creating the 4.6 release , or the significant bugs we fixed post - release which we think our users should have fixes for .
Patches and workarounds are clearly described there .
Note :
If you end up needing to write a raw floppy using Windows , you can use " fdimage.exe " located in the pub / OpenBSD / 4.6 / tools directory to do so .
X. Org has been integrated more closely into the system .
This release contains X. Org 7.4 .
Most of our architectures ship with X. Org , including amd64 , sparc , sparc64 and macppc .
During installation , you can install X . Org quite easily .
Be sure to try out xdm ( 1 ) and see how we have customized it for OpenBSD .
The OpenBSD ports tree contains automated instructions for building third party software .
The software has been verified to build and run on the various OpenBSD architectures .
The 4.6 ports collection , including many of the distribution files , is included on the 3 - CD set .
Please see the PORTS file for more information .
Note : some of the most popular ports , e.g. , the Apache web server and several X applications , come standard with OpenBSD .
Also , many popular ports have been pre-compiled for those who do not desire to build their own binaries ( see BINARY PACKAGES , below ) .
A large number of binary packages are provided .
Please see the PACKAGES file ( ftp://ftp.OpenBSD.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/PACKAGES ) for more details .
The CD - ROMs contain source code for all the subsystems explained above , and the README ( ftp://ftp.OpenBSD.org/pub/OpenBSD/4.6/README ) file explains how to deal with these source files .
For those who are doing an FTP install , the source code for all four subsystems can be found in the pub / OpenBSD / 4.6 / directory : xenocara.tar.gz ports.tar.gz src.tar.gz sys.tar.gz OpenBSD 4.6 includes artwork and CD artistic layout by Ty Semaka , who also arranged an audio track on the OpenBSD 4.6 CD set .
Ports tree and package building by Jasper Lievisse Adriaanse , Michael Erdely , Simon Bertrang , Stuart Henderson , Antoine Jacoutot , Robert Nagy , Nikolay Sturm , and Christian Weisgerber .
System builds by Theo de Raadt , Mark Kettenis , and Miod Vallat .
X11 builds by Todd Fries and Miod Vallat .
ISO - 9660 filesystem layout by Theo de Raadt .
We would like to thank all of the people who sent in bug reports , bug fixes , donation cheques , and hardware that we use .
We would also like to thank those who pre-ordered the 4.6 CD - ROM or bought our previous CD - ROMs .
Those who did not support us financially have still helped us with our goal of improving the quality of the software .
Our developers are : Alexander Bluhm , Alexander Hall , Alexander von Gernler , Alexander Yurchenko , Alexandre Ratchov , Alexey Vatchenko , Anders Magnusson , Andreas Gunnarsson , Anil Madhavapeddy , Antoine Jacoutot , Ariane van der Steldt , Artur Grabowski , Austin Hook , Benoit Lecocq , Bernd Ahlers , Bob Beck , Bret Lambert , Can Erkin Acar , Chad Loder , Charles Longeau , Chris Cappuccio , Chris Kuethe , Christian Weisgerber , Claudio Jeker , Constantine A. Murenin , Dale Rahn , Damien Bergamini , Damien Miller , Darren Tucker , David Gwynne , David Hill , David Krause , Eric Faurot , Esben Norby , Federico G. Schwindt , Felix Kronlage , Gilles Chehade , Giovanni Bechis , Gordon Willem Klok , Hans - Joerg Hoexer , Henning Brauer , Ian Darwin , Igor Sobrado , Ingo Schwarze , Jacek Masiulaniec , Jacob Meuser , Jakob Schlyter , Janne Johansson , Jared Yanovich , Jason Dixon , Jason George , Jason McIntyre , Jason Meltzer , Jasper Lievisse Adriaanse , Jim Razmus II , Joel Sing , Joerg Goltermann , Johan Mson Lindman , Jolan Luff , Jonathan Gray , Jordan Hargrave , Joris Vink , joshua stein , Kenneth R Westerback , Kevin Lo , Kevin Steves , Kjell Wooding , Kurt Miller , Landry Breuil , Laurent Fanis , Marc Espie , Marco Peereboom , Marco Pfatschbacher , Marco S Hyman , Marcus Glocker , Mark Kettenis , Mark Uemura , Markus Friedl , Martin Reindl , Martynas Venckus , Mathieu Sauve - Frankel , Mats O Jansson , Matthias Kilian , Matthieu Herrb , Michael Erdely , Michael Knudsen , Michele Marchetto , Mike Larkin , Miod Vallat , Moritz Grimm , Moritz Jodeit , Nicholas Marriott , Nick Holland , Nikolay Sturm , Okan Demirmen , Oleg Safiullin , Otto Moerbeek , Owain Ainsworth , Paul de Weerd , Paul Irofti , Peter Hessler , Peter Stromberg , Peter Valchev , Philip Guenther , Pierre - Emmanuel Andre , Pierre - Yves Ritschard , Rainer Giedat , Ray Lai , Reyk Floeter , Robert Nagy , Rui Reis , Ryan Thomas McBride , Simon Bertrang , Stefan Kempf , Steven Mestdagh , Stuart Henderson , Ted Unangst , Theo de Raadt , Thordur I. Bjornsson , Tobias Stoeckmann , Tobias Weingartner , Todd C. Miller , Todd Fries , Will Maier , William Yodlowsky , Xavier Santolaria , Yojiro Uo [ prev in list ] [ next in list ] [ prev in thread ] [ next in thread ]
We have been led to believe that we must make our health care choices only within the current structure of a predatory , for - profit insurance system which makes money not providing health care .
We cannot fault the insurance companies for being what they are .
But we can fault legislation in which the government incentivizes the perpetuation , indeed the strengthening , of the for - profit health insurance industry , the very source of the problem .
When health insurance companies deny care or raise premiums , co-pays and deductibles they are simply trying to make a profit .
That is our system .
Clearly , the insurance companies are the problem , not the solution .
They are driving up the cost of health care .
Because their massive bureaucracy avoids paying bills so effectively , they force hospitals and doctors to hire their own bureaucracy to fight the insurance companies to avoid getting stuck with an unfair share of the bills .
The result is that since 1970 , the number of physicians has increased by less than 200 % while the number of administrators has increased by 3000 % .
It is no wonder that 31 cents of every health care dollar goes to administrative costs , not toward providing care .
Even those with insurance are at risk .
The single biggest cause of bankruptcies in the U.S. is health insurance policies that do not cover you when you get sick .
But instead of working toward the elimination of for - profit insurance , H.R. 3962 would put the government in the role of accelerating the privatization of health care .
In H.R. 3962 , the government is requiring at least 21 million Americans to buy private health insurance from the very industry that causes costs to be so high , which will result in at least $ 70 billion in new annual revenue , much of which is coming from taxpayers .
This inevitably will lead to even more costs , more subsidies , and higher profits for insurance companies - a bailout under a blue cross .
By incurring only a new requirement to cover pre-existing conditions , a weakened public option , and a few other important but limited concessions , the health insurance companies are getting quite a deal .
The Center for American Progress ' blog , Think Progress , states , ' since the President signaled that he is backing away from the public option , health insurance stocks have been on the rise . '
Similarly , healthcare stocks rallied when Senator Max Baucus introduced a bill without a public option .
Bloomberg reports that Curtis Lane , a prominent health industry investor , predicted a few weeks ago that ' money will start flowing in again ' to health insurance stocks after passage of the legislation .
Investors.com last month reported that pharmacy benefit managers share prices are hitting all - time highs , with the only industry worry that the Administration would reverse its decision not to negotiate Medicare Part D drug prices , leaving in place a Bush Administration policy .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
During the debate , when the interests of insurance companies would have been effectively challenged , that challenge was turned back .
The ' robust public option ' which would have offered a modicum of competition to a monopolistic industry was whittled down from an initial potential enrollment of 129 million Americans to 6 million .
An amendment which would have protected the rights of states to pursue single - payer health care was stripped from the bill at the request of the Administration .
Looking ahead , we cringe at the prospect of even greater favors for insurance companies .
Recent rises in unemployment indicate a widening separation between the finance economy and the real economy .
The finance economy considers the health of Wall Street , rising corporate profits , and banks ' hoarding of cash , much of it from taxpayers , as sign of an economic recovery .
However in the real economy - in which most Americans live - the recession is not over .
Rising unemployment , business failures , bankruptcies and foreclosures are still hammering Main Street .
This health care bill continues the redistribution of wealth to Wall Street at the expense of America 's manufacturing and service economies which suffer from costs other countries do not have to bear , especially the cost of health care .
America continues to stand out among all industrialized nations for its privatized health care system .
As a result , we are less competitive in steel , automotive , aerospace and shipping while other countries subsidize their exports in these areas through socializing the cost of health care .
Notwithstanding the fate of H.R. 3962 , America will someday come to recognize the broad social and economic benefits of a not - for - profit , single - payer health care system , which is good for the American people and good for America 's businesses , with of course the notable exceptions being insurance and pharmaceuticals .
Tilera on Monday announced new general - purpose CPUs , including a 100 - core chip , as it tries to make its way into the server market dominated by Intel and Advanced Micro Devices .
The two - year - old startup 's Tile - GX series of chips are targeted at servers and appliances that execute Web - related functions such as indexing , Web search and video search , said Anant Agarwal , cofounder and chief technology officer of Tilera , which is based in San Jose , California .
The chips have the attributes of a general - purpose CPU as they can run the Linux OS and other applications commonly used to serve Web data .
" You can run us as an adjunct to something else , though the intent is to be able to run it stand - alone , " Agarwal said .
The chips could serve as co-processors alongside x86 chips , or potentially replace the chips in appliances and servers .
Chip makers are continuously adding cores as a way to boost application performance .
Most x86 server chips today come with either four or six cores , but Intel is set to release the Nehalem - EX chip , an x86 microprocessor with eight cores .
AMD will shortly follow with a 12 - core Opteron chip code - named Magny Cours .
Graphics processors from companies like AMD and Nvidia include hundreds of cores to run high - performance applications , though the chips are making their way into PCs .
The Gx100 100 - core chip will draw close to 55 watts of power at maximum performance , Agarwal said .
The 16 - core chip will draw as little as 5 watts of power .
Tilera 's chips have an advantage in performance - per watt compared to x86 chips , but some will be skeptical as the chips are not yet established , said Will Strauss , principal analyst at Forward Concepts .
" I do n't think an average person is going to run out to buy a computer with Tilera in it , " Strauss said .
Intel has the advantage of being an incumbent , and even if Tilera offered something comparable to Intel 's chips , it would take years to catch up .
But to start , Tilera is focusing the chips on specific applications that can scale in performance across a large number of cores .
It has ported certain Linux applications commonly used in servers , like the Apache Web server , MySQL database and Memcached caching software , to the Tilera architecture .
" The reason we have target markets is not because of any technological limitations or other stuff in the chip .
It is simply because , you know , you have to market your processor [ to a ] target audience .
As a small company we can't boil the ocean , " Agarwal said .
The company 's strategy is to go after lucrative markets where parallel - processing capability has a quick payout , Strauss said .
Tilera could expand beyond the Web space to other markets where low - power chips are needed .
It helps that applications can be programmed in C as with an Intel processor , but programmers are needed to write and port the applications , Strauss said .
" How easy is it to port Windows or Linux also remains to be seen , " he said .
Applications like Apache and MySQL already run on x86 chips and can be ported to run on Tilera chips , company executives said .
In a co-processor environment , x86 processors will run legacy applications , while the Tilera will do the Web - specific applications , he said .
" As a smaller company , we can focus in on a couple of applications , drive those , and over time as we grow , we can expand , " said Bob Doud , director of marketing at Tilera .
The company did n't talk about the markets it would like to go into in the future .
However , industry analysts say that application performance either levels off or even deteriorates as more cores are added to chips .
Part of the performance relies on how the cores are assembled , said Agarwal , who is also a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
For faster data exchange , Tilera has organized parallelized cores in a square with multiple points to receive and transfer data .
Each core has a switch for faster data exchange .
Chips from Intel and AMD rely on crossbars , but as the number of cores expands , the design could potentially cause a gridlock that could lead to bandwidth issues , he said .
" You can have three or four streets coming in but ... it 's hard to imagine 30 streets coming into an intersection , " Agarwal said .
The mesh architecture used in Tilera chips is expandable as the square gets bigger , he said .
In addition to additional cores , the new Tilera chips include many upgrades from their predecessors .
The chips are speedier , running at up to 1.5GHz , with support for 64 - bit processing .
The chips will be made using the 40 - nanometer process , which make them smaller and more power - efficient .
Earlier chips were made using the 90 - nm process .
The chips will start shipping next year , with the 100 - core chip scheduled to ship in early 2011 .
Volume pricing for the chips will range from US $ 400 to $ 1,000 .
Copyright 2009 IDG .
All Rights Reserved .
when something is just that little bit better than the average
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement British National Party leader Nick Griffin has used his Question Time appearance to criticise Islam and defend a past head of the Ku Klux Klan .
He also told a largely hostile audience that Winston Churchill would be a BNP supporter if he were alive , and insisted : " I am not a Nazi " .
Anti-fascist protesters scuffled with police outside BBC TV Centre in west London before the show was filmed .
More than eight million people watched the show , triple its typical audience .
At its peak , 8.2 million people tuned into the BBC1 show .
Welsh Secretary Peter Hain said the BBC had legitimised the BNP 's " racist poison " by inviting its leader onto the show but the corporation defended the move , saying it had a duty to be impartial .
One of the panellists , Justice Secretary Jack Straw , said it had been a " catastrophic week for the BNP because for the first time the views of the BNP have been properly scrutinised " .
And following the programme , other panellists said Mr Griffin had been exposed .
Baroness Warsi , the Conservative peer and shadow communities minister , said " he does not have any political views other than a hatred for certain groups of people " .
QUESTION TIME
Watch the programme again
Question Time on iPlayer Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " I certainly think that his credibility - for anybody who sees the show - is going to be seriously damaged by his performance . "
Mr Griffin told BBC
News too much of the programme had been a " beat up Nick Griffin programme instead of Question Time " .
He added that of the 25 or so allegations made against him in the programme - he was only allowed to answer four or five of them and that was " grossly unfair " .
And a BNP spokesman complained that the programme had focused entirely on Mr Griffin 's views and ignored newsworthy stories such as the postal strike , Afghanistan and Europe .
" This was not a normal Question Time , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" It was ' let 's have a go at Nick Griffin time ' . "
' Aborigines here '
The BNP leader was booed at the start of the recording and accused of trying to " poison politics " as he was attacked by fellow panellists and the audience .
During the show the panel covered topics including whether it was fair for the BNP to " hijack " images of Winston Churchill , whether immigration policy had fuelled the BNP 's popularity and whether Mr Griffin 's appearance was an early Christmas present for the party .
He was asked by a member of the audience about why he had described Islam as a " wicked and vicious faith " .
Mr Griffin said the religion had its " good points ... it would n't have let the banks run riot " but it did not fit in with " the fundamental values of British society , free speech , democracy and equal rights for women " .
He was scrutinised and challenged along with the other panellists heavily by the audience , that was right in our view
Mark Byford
BBC deputy director general
Profile : Nick Griffin Analysis :
How did he do ?
Newspapers on Griffin appearance Reaction to Griffin 's performance Angry scenes outside BBC
His references to Britain 's " indigenous people " prompted other members of the panel to challenge him to say he meant white people .
Mr Griffin said the colour was " irrelevant " and said Mr Straw would not dare go to New Zealand and tell a Maori he was not " indigenous " .
" We are the aborigines here , " he claimed .
Mr Straw said what distinguished the BNP from other parties was that other parties " have a moral compass ...
Nazism did n't and neither I 'm afraid does the BNP . "
The BNP leader insisted his views had been widely misrepresented in the media and denied a string of statements attributed to him , including a quote from 2006 in which he said " Adolf went a bit too far " .
" I am not a Nazi and never have been , " he said , adding : " I am the most loathed man in Britain in the eyes of Britain 's Nazis . "
He admitted sharing a platform with former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke - but described him as " always totally non-violent " .
He said he had been trying to win over " youngsters "
Duke was trying to " lead astray " .
Challenged on his views on civil partnership , he said : " I said that a lot of people find the sight of two grown men kissing in public really creepy .
I understand that homosexuals do n't understand that but that 's how a lot of us feel , Christians feel that way , Muslims , all sorts of people . "
Audience challenge Asked about a quote attributed to him in which he equated six million deaths in the Holocaust with the flat earth theory he replied that " European law " stopped him explaining .
" I can't tell you why I used to say those things anymore than I can tell you why I have changed my mind , " he said .
The justice secretary said when anybody put a specific quotation to Mr Griffin he tried to " wriggle out of it " .
HAVE YOUR SAY If Nick Griffin 's appearance on Question Time has the ultimate effect of shaking the ' great ' british public free of their political apathy and encourages them to ask probing questions , then his appearance will be a good thing John Walker , Belfast Asked whether immigration policy had fuelled the BNP , Mr Straw said he did not think it had and said he thought the BNP had been boosted by discontent with the main parties over issues like expenses .
But Baroness Warsi said politicians had a responsibility to take on the BNP on the issue of immigration : " Many people who vote for the BNP are not racist and therefore what we have to do is go out and say to these people as mainstream political parties we are prepared to listen . "
Mr Griffin blamed the " political elite " for imposing " an enormous multicultural experiment on the British people " .
But Mr Griffin was challenged by several black and Asian members of the audience .
One man asked Mr Griffin : " Where do you want me to go ?
I love this country , I 'm part of this country . "
Protests
While the programme was being recorded the anti-BNP protest continued .
The Metropolitan Police say six protesters were arrested and three police officers injured in the protests .
Mr Griffin accused the protesters of " attacking the rights of millions of people to listen to what I 've got to say and listen to me being called to account by other politicians " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Weyman Bennett from Unite Against Fascism accused the BBC of " rolling out the red carpet " to Mr Griffin and said his appearance on the flagship discussion programme " will lead to the growth of a fascist party " and promote violence against ethnic minorities .
About 25 people managed to get through the gates and run towards the BBC building when security guards opened them to let in a car .
A few minutes later they were led , dragged or carried back outside .
There were also protests outside BBC buildings in Bristol , Liverpool , Nottingham , Glasgow and Belfast .
Welsh Secretary Mr Hain , who had tried to stop the broadcast , said : " The BBC should be ashamed of single - handedly doing a racist , fascist party the biggest favour in its grubby history . "
BBC Deputy Director General Mark Byford said it had been " appropriate " to invite Mr Griffin to appear given the support the BNP received in the last European elections when it gained its first Euro MPs .
He said : " He was scrutinised and challenged along with the other panellists heavily by the audience , that was right in our view .
" It would have been quite wrong for the BBC to have said 'yes , you are allowed to stand in elections , yes you have a level of support that now meets the threshold but the BBC does n't think that you should be on ' . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dmitriy Guzner , 19 , of Verona , New Jersey was sentenced to one year in prison for launching distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks against websites belonging to the Church of Scientology in January 2008 .
Following his release , the young DDoSer will also spend two years on probation .
According to the prosecutors Guzner 's attacks were acts of hacktivism and part of a larger anti-Scientology campaign led by a hacking group called Anonymous .
In October 2008 , the hacker became the first Anonymous member ever to be charged in connection with the group 's actions .
Anonymous is believed to have originated on the notorious /b/ forum board of the 4chan website , the birthplace of many Internet memes , including lolcats .
The members of this board are known as Internet trolls with a questionable sense of humor , who sometimes harass celebrities or other groups .
But the attacks against the Church of Scientology were much more than simple Internet pranks and escalated into a full - blown hate campaign .
According to the attacked organization , Anonymous ' actions consisted of 8,139 threatening phone calls , 3.6 million e-mails , 141 million hits on its website , ten acts of vandalism against its property , 22 bomb threats , and eight death threats against Church leaders .
Dmitriy Guzner pleaded guilty in May 2009 and admitted to intentionally impairing a protected computer belonging to the Church of Scientology .
He faced a maximum of ten years in federal prison , but under sentencing guidelines , the final penalty was expected to be between 12 and 18 months .
Last week , the 19 - year - old hacker was sentenced to 366 days in prison , followed by two years of probation .
He was also ordered to pay $ 37,500 in reparatory damages , even though the Church of Scientology claimed it cost $ 119,500 to repair the damages caused by Guzner .
" It 's well known that many people are concerned by the Scientology movement [... ] , but both Scientologists and the Anti-Scientology movement have sometimes done themselves damage by the way they have carried themselves on the internet .
As I 've said before , though , Even if you feel passionately and earnestly that Scientology is harmful to society , it does not make illegal action ( such as an internet attack ) against them acceptable , " Graham Cluley , commented .
Hacktivism is a common form of protest on the Internet and Denial of Service is one of the preferred weapons in this business .
Some of the times things can really get out of control , as it happened in 2007 when a Russian cyber - mob took down the entire Internet infrastructure in Estonia because the country 's government decided to relocate a World Word II soviet memorial monument .
The world has not heard the last from Anonymous either .
In September , the group declared war on the Australian Federal Government and its Prime Minister , Kevin Rudd for their intention of installing a country - wide Internet filter .
Dyson 's newest invention , a window fan with no blades , is the most opulent , most eye - catching and most ludicrously overpriced gadget the company has released yet .
And I sort of love it .
Advertisement
Price
The Air Multiplier runs $ 299 for the 10 - inch version and $ 329 for the 12 - inch version .
I tested the 10 .
Advertisement
How a Blade - Less Fan Works
So how does a fan without blades , a hula hoop on a stick , essentially , work ?
The bottom grills are for the air intake , powered by what I 'm assuming is an internal fan .
( Oh , this fan has a fan , you just do n't see it . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Still , you just barely feel the Multiplier breathing in .
As this air is transported up through the device , it makes its way through the " loop amplifier " ( that big loopy part ) , accelerating the air 15 - fold as it's squeezed through a 1.3 mm aperture around the ring .
Sticking your hand through the loop , you 'll feel air only in front of the ring because that 's where you 'll find the aperture .
It 's a mind - bending sensation to say the least .
Advertisement
The Experience
I 'll admit it though , even knowing how the fan works now , all I could think was that it looked like a giant magnifying glass when I first opened the box .
Advertisement
I tentatively plugged the all - plastic device in , hit a button I could only assume was for power , and the device roared to life like a very wussy hairdryer .
My face was greeted with the same quality of air : a relentless , even stream that felt a tad more industrial than residential .
Advertisement
The focused breeze was surprising but not quite hurricane - worthy .
( Later I found the air output to measure 119 gallons per second .
That output is about on par with at least one 10 - inch commercial - grade fan shy of the $ 200 mark , and a $ 30 , 8 - inch duct fan produced about half that .
Most consumer - grade fans do n't disclose air power . )
And , exploring the device more , I realized that while it did n't look like any fan I 'd used before , it worked almost exactly like every fan I 'd used before .
Advertisement
For instance , one button toggled oscillation .
Another twisted to rev the air speed ( a smoother gradient of the traditional low , medium and high controls ) .
And the base could be pushed forward or back , tilting the entire device in a manner more elegant but not entirely different from my $ 10 job in the next room .
Advertisement
Indeed , the Air Multiplier was the most beautiful fan I 'd ever used , but it was still , at its plebeian heart , a window fan .
The Shame
Truthfully , I 'm almost embarrassed for liking the Air Multiplier .
There 's no doubt that any Dyson vacuum demands a price premium for its fashion - forward design .
But ultimately , this premium is relatively small .
All good vacuums cost a few hundred bucks , so the Dyson upsell is somewhat reasonable — tempting even .
Advertisement
$ 300 for a fan is far , far from an upsell when I can get 95 % of the experience for $ 10 at Walmart .
Even as a good fan ... even as a beautiful fan ... even as a clever fan that blocks less window light ... even as a safe fan that your toddler or pet can examine without injury ... I 'm downright humiliated for liking it , especially in this economy .
Advertisement
But like it , I do .
[ Dyson ]
Advertisement
Completely unique design
Advertisement
Safe ( no external moving parts )
Advertisement
No doubt , it 's great at fanning
Advertisement
Probably easier to knock - off than a vacuum
Advertisement
Not loud , but far from silent
Advertisement
Costs about a bajillion times more than any fan I 've ever bought
Skip to comments .
Best Buy weekly insert ad wishes Happy Eid al - Adha ????
Best Buy Weekly Insert Ad ^ |
11/22/2009 | Best Buy
Posted on by UB355
Shop Thanksgiving Day at Bestbuy.com
TOPICS :
Chit / Chat
KEYWORDS :
allahuakbar
bestbuy
cair
creepingsharia
creepingshariah
eidaladha
infiltration
islam
jihadinthewest
multiculturalism
retail
sharia
shariah
To : UB355
I wonder if the words Merry Christmas will appear around holiday time ?
by 2 posted onby UB355 ( Slower traffic keep right )
To : UB355
Well they wo n’t be getting my business !
To : UB355
“ I won ” B. Hussein Obama , 2009
by 4 posted onby AZ .44 MAG ( I'm Jim Thompson and I say our government is a joke and its current make up is the punch line . )
To : UB355
Sickening .
To : UB355
Where ?
Which page ?
by 6 posted onby savedbygrace ( You are only leading if someone follows .
Otherwise , you just wandered off ... [ Smokin ' Joe ] )
To : UB355
In related news : White House shrinks Hanukkah Party
by 7 posted onby null and void ( We are now in day 305 of our national holiday from reality .
- 0 bama really is n't one of US . )
To : UB355
Time to hit the best buy weekly ad forum : http://www.forums.bestbuy.com/t5/Weekly-Sales/bd-p/Sales
Let them know how you feel .
To : notaliberal
They ’re close to my place in L.A. 2 minutes east is Staples which beats their prices by at least $ 10 .
But I prefer FRY ’S which is popular in Socal .
The workers are lazy idiots but as long you know what you want , the prices are hands down hard to beat .
To : savedbygrace
To : UB355
Note to self : Cross Best Buy off of shopping list
To : savedbygrace
Front cover in a blue circle bottom left
by 12 posted onby UB355 ( Slower traffic keep right )
To : UB355
" Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only evil and inhuman , such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached .
God is not pleased by blood - and not acting reasonably is contrary to God 's nature .
Faith is born of the soul , not the body .
Whoever would lead someone to faith needs the ability to speak well and to reason properly , without violence and threats ...
To convince a reasonable soul , one does not need a strong arm , or weapons of any kind , or any other means of threatening a person with death ... "
Manuel II Palaiologos 1391
I will never shop at Best - Buy again .
To : UB355
I am buying both a laptop and desktop for myself this year and will get one of my daughters ( the oldest ) a laptop .
My youngest continues to be a disappointment so she will not be recieving much .
Anyway , money is no object because the specs I demand are way up there .
I will wait and see what stores are celebrating Christmas as Christmas .
Hanahka I can understand , anything else and I do not give my store that business .
If they are all bowing down and kiss PC ’s ass , I ’ll just shop online .
To : libh8er ; UB355
I have no clue as to how I missed that when I looked at it .
Thanks .
by 15 posted onby savedbygrace ( You are only leading if someone follows .
Otherwise , you just wandered off ... [ Smokin ' Joe ] )
To : Red in Blue PA
BB is about the only good place to go in my area .
I saw a few good deals on basic laptops to replace my aged unit bought a number of years ago .
I will have to reconsider .
by 16 posted onby wally_bert ( It 's sheer elegance in its simplicity ! - The Middleman )
To : UB355
boycot
To : wally_bert
BB is a Mpls company .
Mpls is overrun with ragheads .
To : Eric in the Ozarks
Mpls is overrun with ragheads .
You can bet their corporate offices are full of them too .
To : UB355
Well , I wo n't be buying my washer there .
Now I need to tell them why .
Is Sears or Lowes any better ?
by 20 posted onby mathluv ( Conservative first and foremost , republican second - GO SARAHCUDA !!!!)
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Peter Lynds was having a rotten summer .
He had quit a dead - end job at an insurance agency to go to college , but his first semester of physics and philosophy classes at Victoria University in Wellington , New Zealand , was kicking his butt .
He was still haunted by the memory of watching a friend drown eight years earlier ( Lynds had nearly died trying to save him ) .
So he spent the better part of August 1999 sitting on his mother 's couch watching television .
One of the bright spots in his life was that he'd recently fallen in love - with Einstein .
Raiding the Wellington library , he pored over biographies like Denis Brian 's Einstein : A Life and devoured explanations of the great theorist 's work .
One night he was watching the movie I.Q. , with Walter Matthau as Einstein , Meg Ryan as his ditzy - yet - brainy niece , and Tim Robbins as a lovesick mechanic .
When Robbins moves in on Ryan for a kiss , she attempts to fend him off with a 2,500 - year - old paradox known as Zeno 's dichotomy : Moving from point A to point B requires that you first cover half the distance , then half of the remaining distance , and so on - an insurmountable infinity of almost - theres that keeps you from point B. Robbins crashes through Zeno 's logic by kissing Ryan anyway .
It was just the thing to get Lynds off the couch :
What if Zeno 's real lesson is n't that movement from point A to point B is impossible ( obviously it is n't ) , but rather that there is no such thing as a discrete slice of time ?
He went back to school that fall with the fervor and the audacity of the converted .
During an office - hours argument with physicist David Beaglehole , Lynds pointed at the professor 's coffee mug and demanded to know :
At what " instant " would the mug not be moving if he dragged it across the desk ?
Exasperated , Beaglehole suggested that Lynds try to get his theory published , thinking that rejection from an academic journal would put the matter to rest .
Sure enough , Physical Review Letters , which published Einstein , said no thanks ( " The author 's arguments are based on profound ignorance or misunderstanding of basic analysis and calculus , " one referee said ) .
Foundations of Physics Letters did n't respond .
A third journal , in Canada , said yes , and then sent him a bill - it was a vanity press .
Lynds withdrew .
But then something extraordinary happened .
Lynds called Foundations to ask for his manuscript and was told the journal had no record of his paper .
So he sent it again .
It got rejected .
Lynds revised it and submitted it a third time ... and they said yes .
The paper was published in August 2003 , and Lynds became a celebrity .
He was cheered ( and jeered ) on physics discussion Web sites .
Big - name researchers talked to the press about his work .
Conference invitations started pouring in .
Then again , the 30 - year - old Lynds is holed up in a rustic New Zealand cabin , working on a theory - of - everything book that has no publisher .
He still has n't finished college .
If that sounds a little too Unabomber for a new kind of science , well , maybe it is .
Then again , Lynds might be right .
Lynds ' paper , " Time and Classical and Quantum Mechanics : Indeterminacy vs. Continuity , " is the latest chapter in a story that begins with Zeno and runs through Newton and Einstein to today .
The question they struggled to answer :
How does matter move through time and space ?
Newton described motion as a change in position over time .
( In the process of figuring that out , he invented calculus . )
That allowed for infinite series of infinitesimal steps , which polishes off Zeno .
But for his model to make sense , Newton needed what he described as " absolute , true and mathematical time , which of itself flows equably without relation to anything external . "
It 's a God clock , ticking out discrete instants , or , if you prefer , a universal CPU , doling out reality one cycle at a time , a series of static instants giving only the appearance of motion like the successive frames of a movie .
But Einstein did n't buy it .
The heart of relativity is that everything depends on your point of view - if you 're traveling at close to the speed of light ( a constant ) , then time moves differently for you than for your slowpoke friends back home .
Einstein died before he had worked out the implications of his own brilliant ideas .
Among the problems left unsolved :
Time could go faster or slower ( or even backward ) , but was it divisible ?
And were there irreducible " atoms " of time , quantum flecks now called chronons ?
Enter Lynds .
In his theory , reality is merely sequences of events that happen relative to one another ; time is an illusion .
There 's no chronon , no direction for time 's arrow to fly , no " imaginary time " flowing 90 degrees off the axis of normal time .
" I got to a point in my life where I was asking deeper and deeper questions , " Lynds says .
" If you want to understand reality , you have to get into physics .
And if you 're really interested in physics , you have to ask really big questions . "
His answers make the mathematics of space and time look strange .
If instants do n't exist , then calculus - in which equations depend on fixed before - and - after positions in space - does n't accurately describe reality .
And that means a fundamental indeterminacy connects the blurry probabilities of the quantum universe with the seemingly stable macroverse where you and I live .
Uniting those two seemingly incompatible worldviews dogged Einstein until his death ; Lynds is happy to help the great man out .
A further realization :
The human perception of time as a sequence of moments is just a neurological artifact , an outgrowth of the chunk - by - chunk way our brains perceive reality .
As the famous geneticist J. B. S. Haldane said :
The universe is not only stranger than we imagine , it 's stranger than we can imagine .
For a while , the question of whether instants exist was superseded by the question of whether Lynds exists .
His claims were so outlandish , the scandal they provoked so fervent , and his home country ( apparently ) so exotic that the Internet Museum of Hoaxes briefly decided Lynds was n't real .
He spent months corresponding with the webmaster to clear that up .
This part of the Lynds controversy turns out to be the only mystery I could resolve without knowing advanced physics .
I met up with Lynds at the Bar Marmont in Hollywood , on his way home from a conference at Carnegie Mellon University .
Over beers , he proved to be quite self - effacing .
" This is n't the grand unified theory , " he said .
" I 'm not trying to combine general relativity and quantum theory . "
Still , he acknowledged , that may be an outcome .
The truth is , he 'd rather talk about fishing than physics .
And that 's fine - his Kiwi drawl can be harder to untangle than Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle .
Even when I went to see Lynds in New Zealand a few months later , I had to initiate the physics conversation every time .
" I know , I know - it 's pretty bloody unlikely , " Lynds said , perching on a creaky chair on the front porch of his hillside flat , a cross between a tree house and a Hobbit hole .
" How the hell did I end up in this position , with this idea ?
I 'm just some dude that 's read a few books . "
Lynds ' modesty is a bit disingenuous .
A huge Einstein devotee , he knows his own story has inescapable similarities to that of another disgruntled twentysomething who turned to physics as a respite from his crummy day - to - day life .
Though it's now known as his annus mirabilis , Einstein spent 1905 - when he came up with relativity - in a loveless marriage , shuffling between a dead - end job and a cramped house filled with the cries of a colicky 1 - year - old .
Lynds spent 1999 feeling not much better .
He was depressed about college , about his job prospects , about everything .
And that led to an avalanche of ideas and thought experiments .
Whether they were miraculous remains an open question .
Sometimes in science it's hard to tell the crazy , wildly off - the - mark theories from the brilliant , revolutionary ones .
Uncredentialed outsiders claiming to have discovered the unified field theory or cold fusion - in a word , cranks - are always banging on the door of the physics establishment .
Sometimes they 're literally crazy ; sometimes they 're just wrong .
The establishment turns them away .
The thing is , the establishment also depends on crazy ideas - wormholes , quantum foam , 12 dimensions - to move forward .
Publication is generally the standard separating the real brains from the brains protected by tinfoil hats .
Of course , peer review does not anoint an idea as correct - just worth considering .
Lynds ' paper incited a storm of commentary from physicists , armchair and professional , around the world .
Someone even asked for an opinion from John Wheeler , the 94 - year - old eminence who coined the term black hole and schooled both Richard Feynman and Kip Thorne .
Wheeler stopped far short of endorsing Lynds , but he did venture that major changes in physics often come from outside academia .
Hey , Einstein did his best work as a patent clerk , right ?
In spring 2004 , with the din of his debut still ringing in his ears , Lynds embarked upon a whirlwind tour of Europe to meet the great minds in foundations research .
One of the more encouraging emails he had received during the initial storm of publicity was from Fran Healy , dilettante time theorist and lead singer of the Brit - pop band Travis .
Healy had read about Lynds and sent him a brief note of congratulations .
The two began a correspondence , and when Lynds came through London , Healy let him crash at his flat .
" This dropout kid comes along with a snotty nose and dirty face and says , sorry , no , you 've got it wrong , " Healy laughs , and switches from his Scots brogue to a pitch - perfect Kiwi deadpan : " ' Well , Stephen Hawking , he 's quite brilliant , but a lot of his stuff is quite off . ' "
Plaudits from rock stars , even the most cerebral ones , may be good for morale , but they wo n't get you into the physics pantheon .
One thing that will is the help of other scientists .
While in England , Lynds scored an audience with David Deutsch , the godfather of quantum computing .
" We had a nice chat , " Deutsch says .
He told Lynds to keep working on his theory 's implications for quantum computing .
That 's a little like a big - leaguer telling a college - baller to keep working on his swing .
Lynds chose to take it as encouragement .
Lynds also had dinner in London with a fellow time theorist named Julian Barbour .
In the last 30 years , Barbour has become something of an insider 's outsider in physics .
Over Chinese food , the two embarked on what seemed at first an enjoyable chat about their shared belief that time , as commonly represented , does not exist .
But the conversation hit a semantic snag when Lynds insisted that Barbour 's theories included instants by a different name .
The meal ended in a less - than - friendly way .
Academia may never accept Lynds , but the rest of the world will have a chance to chew over his ideas in the next year or two , when his book on the structure of the universe comes out .
Lynds has a literary agent , Heide Lange , who also represents Dan Brown , author of The Da Vinci Code .
That 's the kind of firepower that practically assures publication - and serious marketing .
" He 's definitely tuned to a different wavelength , " Lange says .
" And I love an underdog . "
Lange admits she does n't fully understand Lynds ' science .
One thing she does know : the science of selling scads of books that give readers an intellectual tingle without overdoing it .
After she saw some of Lynds ' work , she says , she got a gut feeling that his picture of the universe will prove as seductive as Hawking 's - and easier to digest .
Hawking 's A Brief History of Time may be the least - read best seller ever ; Lange seems to think Lynds can be Dan Brown to Hawking 's Umberto Eco .
It would be surprising if Lynds ' story had such a tidy ending .
After all , the second law of thermodynamics says that everything in the universe gets messier over time .
Or , more formally :
The entropy of any system increases .
Drop a beer mug on the floor and it shatters ; shards of glass do not assemble into mugs of beer and jump into your hand .
Sitting in the back of a fishing boat on New Zealand 's Waihau Bay , in Maori country , I ask Lynds about the second law .
He watches our lines cut through the boat 's wake and then starts talking about Loschmidt 's paradox , which says that , since Newtonian physics works in reverse , entropy can decrease .
Experience with beer mugs suggests otherwise .
I confess that I 'm baffled .
All I can think of is the way the Maori describe the past : " That which is in front of us . "
Lynds is still paradox - hunting .
" Time does n't flow in any direction .
Period , " he says .
" Entropy can decrease temporarily , but that does n't mean events will un -happen . "
It 's a good theory if you 're someone who had one very bad summer .
The past recedes into the aft horizon .
The boat speeds on .
An Extremely Brief History of Time
1687 : Isaac Newton
The universe has one absolute clock :
• Time and space are independant of the observer .
• Time 's arrow points forward ; events move ahead from the now .
1905 : Albert Einstein
every observer has his or her own ( accurate ) clock :
• The universe exists in a space - time manifold .
• Everyone's " now " is different .
• Acceleration affects time .
2003 : Peter Lynds
There is no clock ; " time " is an illusion
• Time has no indivisible unit .
• There is no " now , " only sequences of events .
Contributing editor Josh McHugh ( josh@wiredmag.com ) * also writes about Xbox guru J Allard in this issue .* Feature :
>
Time 's Up , Einstein
Plus :
>
An Extremely Brief History of Time
Are you trying to make flash games for a living , but having a hard time making ends meet ?
Have you made an engaging & fun game , then spent months polishing and tweaking it to perfection before releasing it onto the world ?
Maybe you got it right and it's a hit – it's been played and enjoyed by literally millions of people !
Well time to sit back and watch the pennies roll in , my friend , because that 's all you 're going to be getting .
This may sound alarming , but it's what most flash game developers have experienced using what I call the ' Ad Model ' of monetisation .
The Ad Model
Over the last few years
Flash gaming has enjoyed a massive rise in both the quality and quantity of games on the market .
What caused this ?
The online ad market boomed .
It suddenly became ( marginally ) profitable to build a flash game , throw in some easily - included ads and set it free on the internet .
A few well - documented hits made a relatively large amount of money , yet were often made by a single developer working in his spare time over the course of a few months ( as previously flash simply could n't fund an actual team of developers ) , and this caused a ' gold rush ' effect of developers piling into the flash games space .
Over time the ad model for flash games has matured into a market where developers can make money from various sources :
In - Game Ads : in - game ads such as MochiAds , usually shown once while the game is loading
in - game ads such as MochiAds , usually shown once while the game is loading Around - Game Ads : site ads like Google AdSense shown around the flash game either on the developer 's own site , or on a site like Kongregate or Newgrounds which offers revenue share to developers
: site ads like Google AdSense shown around the flash game either on the developer 's own site , or on a site like Kongregate or Newgrounds which offers revenue share to developers Sponsorship : this is where a portal pays the developer to ' tag ' their game with the portal 's branding ( and usually a ' more games ' link ) , effectively paying for traffic delivered to the portal as the game is distributed around the internet .
FlashGameLicense was set up to help developers find sponsors for their games , and it has proven to be very effective .
: this is where a portal pays the developer to ' tag ' their game with the portal 's branding ( and usually a ' more games ' link ) , effectively paying for traffic delivered to the portal as the game is distributed around the internet .
FlashGameLicense was set up to help developers find sponsors for their games , and it has proven to be very effective .
Licensing : this is where a portal or site pays a developer for a one - off license to use their game ; generally they pay a fixed fee to be able to use the game without the sponsor logo , in - game ads , links to the developer 's site , etc on their own site ; multiple licenses can be sold alongside a sponsorship
Generally speaking you can , and should , use all these options at once as Ada Chen advised in a talk she gave at Casual Connect in 2008 .
This model is working for some developers , the ones who can efficiently make engaging , short flash games and keep churning them out , but it 's really only been a success for very few .
Most flash game developers are still relying on other sources than ad - funded games to keep going full - time ( for example , making games on contract for third parties ) .
Not Enough To Go Around
The problem with the ad model is that all the money is coming from one limited pool : advertising .
You might find that sponsorship and licensing get you significantly more than in - game ads , but the money from those things comes from that same pool .
Portals buy traffic from you ( via sponsorship / licensing ) with the money they earn from .. advertising !
The amount of money in the advertising pool is limited , plus needs to be shared out amongst a whole load of middlemen before it trickles through to developers .
No one has explained this better than Dan Cook in his recent Flash Love Letter , Part 1 :
The guys making the big bucks here are the ones aggregating lots of games and leveraging massive visitor traffic ( like the big games portals ) , or else delivering a solution used by all developers and getting an aggregated margin that way ( like the ad companies ) .
Individual developers simply cannot get the high levels of traffic necessary for ad - funded solutions to bring in the ( serious ) cash .
A Better Model
Luckily there 's a better way to fund game development than scrounging for ad-pennies .
It 's been proven in almost every form of consumer entertainment ever made , from theatre to music to cinema and yes , even games : ask the consumer of the entertainment to pay you for providing it .
That 's it .
Asking the players to fund game development takes away the dilution effect of trying to get ads to pay everyone 's cut , and directly rewards the developer regardless of the size of their ' aggregated traffic - power ' .
It works for all those other kinds of entertainment , and it certainly works for the rest of the gaming industry .
And it can work for flash games too .
Several developers have been successfully charging players for full versions of their free flash games , by integrating a payment processor such as PayPal .
This method ( often called a " demo " , write that down ) is so proven that almost no console or PC game does n't use it .
Others have tried splitting out the purchase into smaller bundles using a microtransaction / virtual currency provider , and are charging for decorative things like a fancy hat or small upgrades like level packs and new weapons instead of selling the whole game in one go .
In fact recently launched providers such as MochiCoins , GamerSafe and Heyzap have made it easier than ever for flash developers to take payments from players .
One advantage of the idea of using virtual items , temporary powerups , or other small purchases is that you are n't putting a cap on how much your biggest fans are able to spend on your game .
Generally speaking selling virtual items works best in a persistant - world / MMO style of game , where you can put all kinds of social and economic effects into play to really leverage the idea – just look at this breakdown .
Regardless of how you are charging players , or what they are paying for , the fact that you are charging at all means you are using what I call the ' Premium Flash Game ' revenue model .
Premium Games Need To Be Frickin ' Sweet
One downside to charging money upfront is that you need to make players fall in love with your game before they will pull out the credit card , and that means spending a lot more time polishing the gameplay and expanding the content before release .
The quality level of today 's ( and yesterday's ! ) flash games is definitely high enough to convince players to pay – developers just need to focus on expanding the experience ; make " long form games " instead of focusing on quick , throw - away games .
Again no one 's explained this better than Dan Cook , so make sure to read his Flash Love Letter , Part 2 – you can do it right now if you like , we 'll pause this part of the internet until you come back .
And Now For Some Examples
Lets have a look at some real - world examples of revenue made by flash developers using the Ad Model , and compare them to ones using the Premium Model .
I 'm going to use ' Gross eCPM ' , a term I just made up , as the baseline stat to compare these ad - based apples versus premium oranges .
If you are n't familiar with it , eCPM is an advertiser 's term and stands for effective cost - per - mille – or how much an advertiser has to pay out per 1,000 impressions of their ad on average .
As the payee , you can think of it as how much revenue you made per thousand plays of your ad - enabled game .
What I call Gross eCPM is calculated by taking the total amount of plays of a game , and dividing it by the total revenue made from them ( whether it be from ads , sponsorship , microtransactions or full game purchases ) .
This handily lets us compare two very different ways of monetising with a single comparative number .
First up let 's look at the numbers for some flash games using the traditional Ad Model to generate revenue :
Desktop Tower Defense ( play )
One of the original ' break out hits ' of modern free flash games , created by a single developer , and supported by ads inside & around the game .
Total Plays : 15 million in the first few months
Gross Revenue : ~ $ 12,000 in that same time frame
Gross eCPM : ~$0.80
[ source ]
Mytheria ( play )
A fairly typical successful flash game , though not a massive hit in terms of plays
Total Plays : 3.7 million plays to date
Gross Revenue : ~ $ 8,200 to date
Gross eCPM : ~$ 2.22
[ source : email interview ]
Armor Wars ( play )
Another game by the same developer as Mytheria ( Diffusion Games ) , released afterwards to stronger interest from sponsors
Total Plays : 2.2 million plays to date
Gross Revenue : ~$ 9,300 to date
Gross eCPM : ~$ 4.23
[ source : email interview ]
Chronotron ( play )
Another game created by a single developer , and supported largely by revenue share on ads on Kongregate .
Total Plays : 7 million at time of this article
Gross Revenue : ~ $ 15,000 in that same time frame
Gross eCPM : ~$ 2.14
[ source ]
Now let 's have a look at some games using the Premium Model by selling full games :
Fantastic Contraption ( play )
A free - to - play flash game , hosted on it's own site plus some portals , with a premium unlock for $ 10 that let you make your own levels and play other people 's custom levels .
Included solution - sharing via unique URL that helped it spread virally .
Total Plays : " over 3.5 M unique users in the first 3 or so months "
Gross Revenue : " for every unique site visitor , he converts 0.5 % to a paid version [ at $ 10 ] " = ~$ 175,000
Gross eCPM : ~$ 50.00
[ source ]
Now Boarding ( play )
A free - to - play flash game hosted on various portals that had an upsell to a downloadable for - sale version ( at ~ $ 15 )
Total Plays : 4.2M – 6.2 M plays ( some portals made it impossible to track this , hence the range ) over the last year
Gross Revenue : 10,500 sales so far x $ 15 = ~$ 155,000
Gross eCPM : ~$ 25.00-36.90 , depending on above
[ source : phone interview ]
And some games using the Premium Model by using microtransactions :
Twin Shot ( play )
A free - to - play flash game by Nitrome with various virtual currency unlocks , including a level pack and cheats
Total Plays : " over 10 million plays "
Gross Revenue : unspecified ( but calculations from the eCPM they gave says it would be about $ 25,000 at the time of the Q&A )
Gross eCPM : ~$ 2.50 but up to around $ 5.00 in english speaking territories ( based on 60 % developer cut of Mochi Coins revenue alone )
[ source ]
SAS : Zombie Assault 2 ( play )
A free - to - play flash game by Ninja Kiwi with various virtual currency unlocks
Total Plays : " about 5.7 M plays and 700 k plays from the expansion pack " = 6.4 M plays
Gross Revenue : ~$ 22,400
Gross eCPM : ~$ 3.50 but up to over $ 11.00 in english speaking territories ( based on 60 % developer cut of Mochi Coin revenue alone )
[ source ]
Minions On Ice ( play )
A free - to - play multiplayer flash game by the Casual Collective where you could pay to get bonuses and access to extra vehicles quicker than normal
Total Plays : n/
a
Gross Revenue : n/
a
Gross eCPM : an ARPU of $ 0.40 was mentioned by the developer , which means $ 0.40 revenue per unique player .
My Gross eCPM counts total plays rather than unique plays , but if we ignore that we would get a Gross eCPM of $ 400 ; if we had the ' total plays ' number this would be lower – but not all that much lower .
[ source ]
That 's a massive , orders - of - magnitude difference between the revenue rate for ad - funded flash games and premium flash games .
And once you start charging the players instead of hoping for ad money , the sky 's the limit .
Puzzle Pirates , a casual MMO run by Three Rings revealed last year that they make make an ARPU of ~ $ 1.50 per player , per month – which would give a comparative Gross eCPM of ~ $ 1,500 .
Yep .
Edit : Daniel James ( Three Rings CEO ) left a comment giving me a much better way to calculate a comparable ' Gross eCPM ' for Puzzle Pirates .
He says for every 1,000 new visitors to the site they get about 100 who actually download & play , leading to a lifetime value of about $ 200 - $ 500 ; so a better ' Gross eCPM ' for Puzzle Pirates ( over many months ) is ~ $ 200 -500 .
Set Phasers To Premium
I hope this has convinced you , the flash game developer , to seriously consider moving away from the Ad Model and moving into Premium Flash Games .
It 's the future – embrace it .
PS - Many thanks to all the flash developers who have shared their revenue numbers with the rest of the industry .
We too will be doing this as we work on our first game .
This post has also been published on the Mochi Land blog .
Thanks Mochi !
Inspired by Walter Mischel ’s 1960s experiments on delayed gratification , Steve V conducts an experiment of his own .
“ Two hidden cameras .
A bunch of kids .
One marshmallow each . ”
Maybe if I just poke it .
Or sniff it .
Or rest it on my lip .
Via Pixelsumo .
Please note : we are no longer accepting questions for this feature , which concludes Sept. 16 .
As the nation ’s high school seniors return to their classrooms , a stack of college applications already gathering on their desks , The Choice has invited William R. Fitzsimmons , the dean of admissions and financial aid at Harvard since 1986 , to answer select reader questions .
Mr. Fitzsimmons ’ first answers are scheduled to appear Thursday — you can now read them here — and continue through Sept. 15 .
( Given the deluge of questions we are receiving on Mr. Fitzsimmons ’s behalf , he will only be able to respond to a small fraction .
Nonetheless , if readers wish to continue to submit questions and comments , we will continue to post them . )
Mr. Fitzsimmons is among the longest - serving and most influential college admissions officers in the nation .
He has worked in the Harvard admissions office since 1972 , and served as the director of admissions at Harvard and Radcliffe Colleges from 1975 to 1984 .
He holds bachelors , masters and doctoral degrees from Harvard , and received a full , need - based scholarship as an undergraduate ( supplemented only by income from part - time jobs . )
He is a former trustee of the College Board .
Where ’s Jeff Foxworthy when you need him ?
Now this is one crazy woman .
Now , I do n’t know if this woman is crazy or just plain stupid , but Julie Edwards Hubbard definitely has issues .
After getting pulled over for an ilegal left turn she began threatening the life of the Police Officer in question , calling him racial slurs , spitting on him , threatening him with the KKK and to top it all off , she pees in the Police Car .
You just ca n’t make this stuff up .
Rather than continue paraphrasing , take a look at the entire article below :
A 44 - year - old woman hurled death threats and racial slurs at a deputy and said her father belonged to the KKK after she was stopped Wednesday morning for making an illegal left , according to the Volusia County Sheriff ’s Office .
Julie Edwards Hubbard , of Crescent City , was arrested on charges of corruption of a public servant or family by threat , battery on a law enforcement officer and obstructing an officer without violence .
According to sheriff ’s deputies , Hubbard also spat at the deputy whom she insulted .
According to a sheriff ’s report , Hubbard was stopped by Sgt. George Maddox at 12:49 a.m. Wednesday when she made a left turn at Old Daytona Road and Woodland Boulevard .
When the deputy contacted Hubbard , she immediately became “ belligerent and unruly ” toward Maddox , according to the report .
While the deputy ran a check on Hubbard , she made several verbal threats while banging her head on the divider of the patrol car , the report stated .
Hubbard continued to call Maddox , who is black , racially derogatory names and spat on the sergeant ’s left leg and the stomach area of his uniform , telling the deputy that “ her father was a member of the KKK ” and “ You will get yours , ” the report said .
Hubbard also purposely urinated in the back of the car , the report said .
A parrot was removed from Hubbard ’s car , the report said .
Hubbard was being held at the Volusia County Branch Jail on $ 21,000 bond .
Source : www.clickorlando.com
My only question … a parrot ?
Headline inspired by Fark
I ’ve always been a relative extremist , somewhere in my genetic code is the overwhelming desire to be right and to make my correctness known to mankind .
This explains the evangelical nature of my Christian faith , as well as the nature of my atheistic stance .
Ever so slowly I have recognized the folly of extremism and attempted to reconcile my competing worldviews with a more balanced position .
I ’m nowhere near perfect at this , I still consider myself a strong atheist and feel a moral obligation to make reason a more acceptable worldview .
Balance has defined my politics for longer than it has my views on theism however .
When I was 18 I joined the Democratic Socialist Party after reading the Communist Manifesto in combination with the Acts of the Apostles ( I realize now a bit better about the communal nature of the early Christian Church , so lets not turn the comments into that ) .
My ideals still hold that above all things people should be free , fed , healthy , and informed – something I do not believe capitalism will ever provide .
I have also dabbled greatly in the world of conspiracy theory and the underground occult which shaped my worldview during the Bush administration as a member of the 9/11 Truth Movement ( again , not debating that here ) .
Through that movement I noticed all the conspiracy nuts ( of which I do n’t think I belong any longer ) rooting for the Presidential campaign of one Dr. Ron Paul .
Through Ron Paul I discovered the roots of the Republican Party , I began to realize that the GOP was not what theocrats like Jerry Falwell had made it out to be and instead was about individual freedom , self guiding markets , States Rights , and policies that did not cause havoc in the lives of the people of sovereign nations .
Not a list of things that I agree with 100 % , but I find them to fit a political ideal that is realistic .
When Ron Paul did n’t get the GOP Nomination I voted for Barack Obama as opposed to having Sarah Pahlin anywhere near the White house .
Currently my political views are a strange conglomeration of Socialist , Communist , Republican and I consider myself a lover of freedom .
I strive to explore all sides of a debate before I make any commentary or form a strong opinion and I think that is how I came to be such a plethora of political contradictions .
The political atmosphere of America has changed dramatically in the last few months .
If you have listened to the news on the radio , browsed the internet , or watched network news in the last month or so you have probably noticed a trend of angry “ revolutionaries ” sprouting up all over the place .
These people are infiltrating town hall style meetings with talking points straight from the lips of Sarah Palin , Bill O’reilly , and Glenn Beck ; repeating things that are clearly lies and inconsistencies .
Death panels , questions of the birthplace and citizenship status of Barack Obama , and claims that the President is a Muslim are among the most ludicrous of claims that people are making these days .
The saddest part of all this , is that none of it is true and these individuals have made absolutely no effort to determine the truth in these matters .
They simply believe what pundits say , and parrot them with no regard for the effect their claims might have on people that are nervous about all the things going on in this country today .
Aside from the fact that these outrageous claims are scaring the absolute crap out of old people who think that the value of their lives will be voted on by bureaucrats in the not too distant future this whole movement bothers me for a completely different reason ; there is a double standard here that I just cannot tolerate .
For eight long years the Bush administration wreaked havoc on this nation and others .
They waged war on sovereign nations and people that had made no reasonable threats against our own and people still die as a result of these attacks .
The administration alienated democratic nations worldwide , increased the national debt by trillions of dollars , and held a deaf ear to the individuals that objected to it ’s policies .
During all this , these same people that are now raising all hell across the country said nothing and did nothing .
They could n’t have cared less , mostly because they believed that Bush and Co. were examples of good Christian warriors in the war against the dark side and questioning their decisions was even considered unpatriotic at one point .
Now they want to have T.E.A.
Parties , hold up signs , and get involved in government … now that there is even the slightest semblance of their loss of white / Christian privilege .
Being involved in politics and the democratic process is a good thing , so long as you are n’t just an ignorant fool blabbering the same jive of some severely slanted pundit .
If you sat back and watched the last eight years without objection and start getting involved now you better watch out for me , I ’m gonna hold you accountable for your inconsistent double standards .
I challenge everyone to educate themselves on the issues .
Preferably before the next election comes around .
If you have something to say about a bill you better have read it or have references to the claims you make first .
Most importantly , hold your favorite politicians to the same standards that you hold those that you do n’t like , you might just realize how little you care for both sides .
Great resources for your research :
Ron Paul
Library of Congress ’ THOMAS database ( You can look up any bill on this site and get the full text of it past , present , and future )
PolitiFact ( Great site for checking the claims of politicians and pundits against the facts – unbiased as far as I have seen )
An interview with Roberto Smeraldi , founder and director of Amigos da Terra – Amazônia Brasileira .
One of the loudest voices calling for reduction of forest clearing in the Brazilian Amazon is Amigos da Terra – Amazônia Brasileira .
Independent from Friends of the Earth International , an activist network , since 2008 , Brazil - based Amigos da Terra – Amazônia Brasileira ( “ Amigos da Terra ” ) has been at the forefront of raising awareness of environmental concerns among Brazilians , who have historically viewed foreign - led campaigns with suspicion , if not outright contempt .
But reining in deforestation will not be easy .
Even if many Brazilian support , in principle , the idea of preserving the Amazon , there are strong economic incentives and political interest in turning the region into a powerhouse of extraction - based industries .
Already tens of billions of dollars are flowing into the region to develop infrastructure that will facilitate the rapid expansion of logging , mining , drilling , and large - scale agriculture across substantial swathes of the Amazon .
The trend is exemplified by the cattle industry , which has been for years the beneficiary of generous state subsidies in the form of low - interest loans ( especially for big cattle processors ) and road development projects .
As a consequence , cattle ranching is the biggest driver of Amazon deforestation — the fate of 80 percent of cleared land is to become cattle pasture — and a significant source of Brazil ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
While much of this activity in the past was a vehicle for land speculation or to establish property rights , Amazon cattle ranching has become a multibillion dollar business , supplying much of the world with beef and leather products .
Thus in targeting the Amazon cattle industry , environmentalists are taking on a surging behemoth .
But even a behemoth has its weaknesses .
In recent months the Brazilian cattle industry has been under fire after environmental groups , including Greenpeace and Amigos da Terra , linked its customers — some of the world ’s best known and most exclusive brands — to large - scale destruction of the Amazon rainforest .
The revelations had an immediate impact : the Brazilian government launched an investigation and called for sanctions , corporate buyers turned away from questionable Amazon cattle products , and industry financiers re-evaluated their lending practices .
The Brazilian cattle industry is now looking for a path forward .
Perhaps unexpectedly for a group with roots in confrontational activism , Amigos da Terra is calling for a rather pragmatic approach to address to the “ cattle crisis ” .
The solution , says Roberto Smeraldi , founder and director of Amigos da Terra , involves improving the productivity of cattle ranching , thereby allowing forest to recover without sacrificing jobs or income ; establishing a moratorium on new clearing ; and recognizing the economic values of maintaining the ecological functions of Earth ’s largest rainforest .
Amigos da Terra , together with a broad range of stakeholders including the Brazilian government , industry bodies , major buyers , and other NGOs like Aliança de Terra and Friends of the Earth Sweden , is hammering out criteria to help meet the first two of these objectives through a certification system , which , he hopes , will be complemented with sound public policy .
On the third point , Smeraldi envisions the emergence of a “ forest economy ” based on the knowledge of indigenous forest dwellers , cutting - edge science , and compensation for the ecosystem services provided by the Amazon as a living entity .
Cattle herd in the Brazilian Amazon .
Photo by Rhett A. Butler .
While the transition will be challenging , Smeraldi believes it offers new opportunities for Brazil to pursue a sustainable development path .
For example , Smeraldi notes that cattle ranching presently accounts for roughly a third of Brazil ’s greenhouse gas emissions while generating only about 1 percent of national GDP .
“ This is a big opportunity for a cost - efficient carbon strategy , which is in the best interest of Brazil and the whole world , ” he told mongabay.com during an interview conducted shortly after a National Wildlife Federation - sponsored meeting on cattle certification in Brazil .
INTERVIEW WITH ROBERT SMERALDI
What led you to become a campaigner on behalf of the Amazon ?
As a journalist in the early ’ 80s I covered wars and guerrilla movements around the world .
Through my reporting I began to become interested forest conversion .
I got in touch with people such as Norman Myers , Catherine Caufield , Jonathon Porritt , Charles Secrett , and Chico Mendes who from different perspectives made me understand how critical forests are .
I ended up becoming involved and engaged .
What is Amigos da Terra ’s approach to protecting the Amazon ?
Our approach to protecting the Amazon is to put people first .
This means focusing on regional development as a key condition for effective and sustainable conservation , generating jobs and revenues in the local context rather than just extracting resources ( be it cattle , timber , mining or biodiversity ) , and targeting consumption patterns with a forest footprint in the rest of brazil and abroad .
What does Amigos da Terra – Amazônia Brasileira see as the path forward for cattle in the Amazon ?
A technological revolution in terms of productivity , associated with a drastic reduction in spatial footprint or extensiveness of ranching , a moratorium on expansion of processing capacity and restoration of forests in the area to be abandoned .
The latter can help finance the earlier , through carbon credits in the existing market .
The objective is moving from 1 head of cattle per hectare to 3 head per hectare , thereby reducing the pasture area by two - thirds , down to about 25 million hectares from the current 74 million .
This would also create some 200,000 jobs in the ranching sector ( associated with more intensive production ) , while improving the quality of beef and leather , as well as maintaining the current level of employment in the slaughterhouse sector and the current herd .
What is needed to ensure that a certification system credible ?
What are your chief concerns with such a system ?
In order to be credible , it must be independent ( third - party audits ) , be based on tripartite governance ( social , economic and environmental constituencies with equal share ) , voluntary ( no official stamps leading to corruption ) and performance - based criteria ( not just process - based ) .
Brazil is very close to creating a system of this kind .
We are in the final consultation phase of a 3 - year long negotiation involving all different stakeholders : it is called the Brazilian Initiative for Agricultural and Livestock Verification .
The system can provide a model for other countries and the final version of criteria is to be adopted by the end of October .
It will also have a baseline date for zero deforestation .
But we should never consider certification as the ONLY solution , otherwise we will end up frustrated .
Certification helps in guiding the market , but it still can co-exist with much lower standards .
So , certification is necessary but not sufficient , certainly not a panacea or even a substitute for sound public policy .
For instance , it cannot effectively respond to what we call “ leakage ” , or indirect land use change ( ILUC ) , i.e. phenomena that occur at landscape level , rather than at production unit level .
Are you looking at the “ carbon relevance ” of cattle ranching ?
The number of cattle bred in the Legal Amazon is growing fast : between 1990 and 2003 , the bovine herd more than doubled , from 26.6 million to 64 million head of cattle – 60 % of the herd are in the states of Mato Grosso and Pará .
Caption and image courtesy of Greenpeace ’s Amazon Cattle Footprint .
Click image to enlarge
We are in the process of doing an accurate study on lifecycle emissions of Amazon beef ( including forest conversion , fire , enteric fermentation , transportation , etc. ) .
We are working with well - respected researchers from government and non-government research centers in Brazil ( INPE , EMBRAPA , universities , etc. ) and expect the study to be ready by mid-November in time for the climate meeting in Copenhagen .
Ranching in the Amazon is a huge source of emissions , in the range of at least one third of Brazilian emissions ( and we are the third or fourth largest emitting country , depending on methodologies used to this end ) .
But this represents about 1 % of GDP , so this is a big opportunity for a cost - efficient carbon strategy , which is in the best interest of Brazil and the whole world .
Does Amigos da Terra support payments to landowners , including ranchers and farmers , for preserving forest cover on their land ?
Who should support this ( or not ) is the market .
We advocate for measures that would actually stimulate markets to value forest services , like caps on emissions and many others .
And this would likely lead to the development of trade in allowances .
It is a mistake to focus on the payment , which is a consequence .
But often discussion starts from the end , and this creates lots of misconceptions and “ religious wars ” .
Once carbon becomes a “ fictional good ” ( as Karl Polanyi used to define land , labour and money ) , there is little point in excluding one type of carbon from markets , regardless of where it is stored or emitted .
Friends of the Earth International has taken a strong stance against market - based schemes to compensate countries and landowners for protecting forests .
What is your position ?
Yes , FOEI had a more balanced approach until mid-2007 , when it was in favor of a variety of instruments to reduce deforestation .
Then , before the COP in Bali , an ideological , anti-market stand was adopted and the network became rather isolated , they even left the Climate Action Network and possibly lost a bit of touch with the concrete aspects of discussion and crucial constituencies , such as forest dwellers .
Rather than being a healthy critical voice on any existing proposal , they ended up de facto supporting just official funds , and this is obviously insufficient in the current context .
But they still have many brilliant people and I trust they will soon find a new role .
Friends of the Earth – Brazilian Amazonia has been a fully independent organization ( separate from FOEI ) since March , 2008 .
We were part of FOEI from 1989 until 2008 .
We continue to have projects and joint activities with many member groups .
Is Amigos da Terra – Amazônia Brasileira optimistic that Brazil can meet its deforestation reductions targets in the face of increased spending on infrastructure and development under PAC ?
The current official deforestation targets are indeed rather modest , but the significant public spending on perverse incentives , which should not be confused with “ development ” , might make difficult even to attain those over the coming years .
So far , we have no sustainable mechanism to reduce deforestation in place .
Does Brazil ’s target for reducing deforestation by roughly 70 percent from the 1996 - 2005 baseline go far enough ?
It reminds me of our recent economic past .
In 1991 , in a scenario of economic recession , our hyperinflation went down to 480 % , compared to 1,782 % in 1990 .
At that time we had a minister of economy , Marcílio Moreira , who said this was a big achievement .
Of course , nobody was in control of inflation , until 1995 , when we finally created a structural system that would radically change the system of perverse financial incentives where inflation was rooted .
What will it take to bring the Brazilian public to support a zero deforestation target ?
Cattle herd in the Brazilian Amazon .
Photos by Rhett A. Butler .
According to Datafolha , a lead poll agency which conducted a survey with 2 % margin of error in April , 2009 , 92 % of Brazilians already support zero deforestation , even when asked about a trade - off between deforestation and agricultural production .
But the lobbies behind activities that drive deforestation are still strong , especially as far as industrial appropriation of public land .
Are you optimistic that the tide in the Amazon can be turned to create sustainable livelihoods while maintaining the ecological integrity of the region ?
I am not so optimistic , since we have perverse incentives , but yes , it would be relatively easy to turn it .
This because creating decent jobs for the local population would not require much of an investment , given the limited size of it ( 20 million people in a region as large as continental Europe ) .
You would need to prioritize development rather than a neocolonial approach based on extraction of resources ( energy , agricultural commodities , minerals , etc. ) that do not create a virtuous circle of jobs , income , savings and investment within the region , i.e. a regional economy .
I used to say that the best conservation policy in the Amazon is to develop industry , as opposed to primary production .
A forest economy is based on the knowledge of traditional forest dwellers , but associated to advanced science , technology and innovation .
I know the Amazon , and I am convinced that it can do this better than any other place on Earth .
Researchers from the California Nurses Association / National Nurses Organizing Committee analyzed data reported by the insurers to the California Department of Managed Care .
From 2002 through June 30 , 2009 , the six insurers rejected 45.7 million claims -- 22 percent of all claims .
For the first half of 2009 , as the national debate over healthcare reform was escalating , the rejection rates are even more striking .
Claims denial rates by leading California insurers , first six months of 2009 : • PacifiCare -- 39.6 percent
• Cigna -- 32.7 percent
• HealthNet -- 30 percent
• Kaiser Permanente -- 28.3 percent
• Blue Cross -- 27.9 percent
• Aetna -- 6.4 percent
As the news got out to the media , the insurance bean counters fell all over themselves digging up explanations , denials , and justifications for their unjustifiable behavior .
From the Los Angeles Times , the Sacramento Bee , and other reports , you can see them scrambling to shift the blame to the doctors , to the hospitals , to the nurses for daring to criticize them .
Left hanging in the air is a bigger question .
If the private insurers are not paying for care , why do we have private insurers ?
While not every denial results in patient death or injury , far too many do .
As CNA / NNOC co-president Deborah Burger put it , " Care denials have a human face , a real patient enduring unnecessary pain and suffering . "
Cigna , for example , gained notoriety two years ago for denying a liver transplant to 17 - year - old Nataline Sarkisyan of Northridge , Calif .
and then reversing itself after protests organized by her family , her friends and community , CNA / NNOC , and netroots activists .
Tragically the reversal came too late to save her life .
PacifiCare denied a special procedure for treatment of bone cancer for Nick Colombo , a 17 - year - old teen from Placentia , Calif .
Again , after protests organized by Nick 's family and friends , CNA / NNOC , and netroots activists , PacifiCare reversed its decision .
But like Nataline Sarkisyan , the delay resulted in critical time lost , and Nick ultimately died .
" This was his last effort and the procedure had worked before with people in Nick 's situation , " said his older brother Ricky .
In 2008 , six days before RN Kim Kutcher of Dana Point , Calif. , was scheduled to have special back surgery , Blue Cross denied authorization for the procedure as " investigational " even though the lumbar artificial disc she was to receive had FDA approval .
At the time of denial , which she calls " insurance hell , " Kutcher notes she had " already gone through pre-op testing , donated a unit of blood , had appointments with four physicians . "
Kutcher paid $ 60,000 out of pocket for the operation and is still fighting Blue Cross .
Why do they companies deny claims ?
Because it pays .
Rejection of care is a very lucrative business for the insurance giants .
The top 18 insurance giants racked up $ 15.9 billion in profits last year .
It 's also a reason why private insurers divert up to 30 cents of every healthcare dollar to overhead -- much of it spent to support warehouses full of claims adjustors needed to deny care , to keep down their " medical loss ratio " or profits lost on approving claims .
So why are n't these obscene , all too routine denials of claims -- and ultimately care -- more widely discussed in the national debate over proposed healthcare reform ?
The sad truth is there is little in the main proposals emanating from Congress and the White House to change these deadly practices .
Our nation remains the only one in among industrial nations to link access to healthcare to private profit .
That 's one reason for data like this :
Data released in late August by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , which tracks developed nations , found that among 30 industrial nations , the U.S. ranks last in life expectancy at birth for men , and 24th for women .
One way to end this disgrace is to unhinge care delivery to profiteering by expanding Medicare to cover everyone .
Is n't that the best way to finally end this disgrace once and for all ?
The flash of naked riders
is an annual sight in Portland
( Photo © J. Maus )
The World Naked Bike Ride does n’t roll around again til June , but Portlanders will have a chance next week to ride naked around Mt Tabor as part of an upcoming Flaming Lips music video .
I spoke about the shoot , set for Wednesday , with Flaming Lips lead singer Wayne Coyne during a break in preparing for the band ’s appearance tonight on the Colbert Report .
Coyne was enthused about his plan .
He said he got the idea from the scene at the end of the musical Hair : “ You know how it ’s a bunch of freaked out naked people climbing some mountain with blood and fire and finding some new civilization there — so I thought of Portland , right ? ”
Story continues below
advertisement
Coyne went on , “ So I read a couple stories about the naked bicycle riding .
I know Jillian [ Kelsheimer Sevick , former BikePortland neighbor and currently merchandising manager for the Flaming Lips ] from Portland and thought — I wanna do it for a video . ”
The plan for the shoot makes Portland ’s annual naked bike events sound fairly run of the mill .
“ I ’m having one of my giant space bubbles covered in fake fox fur , ” Coyne said .
“ Its going to look like some giant fur egg , and the people on bicycles are gonna sort of be born and erupt out of this fur , vaginalistic thing . ”
Coyne in a “ giant space bubble ”
( Photo by Flaming Lips )
As with other naked rides , the event is meant to be freespirited rather than lewd , Coyne said .
“ There ’s a difference between pornography and just freaks who are naked .
This is about unrestricted freedom and a good lawlessness that ’s always sort of implied at our shows . ”
The video is being made for the final song , called “ Watching the Planets , ” on the Flaming Lips ’ upcoming album appropriately titled Embryonic .
The song is “ an epic…march , almost .
It goes on this hypnotic groove , ” Coyne said .
The video ’s concept is still emerging : “ Maybe I ’ll even get naked for the video , too .
I do n’t even know how it ends — maybe it ends with them all getting clothed and making me get naked and shoving me back into the giant fur egg .
I just came up with that right now . ”
The shoot is from 10 am to 10 pm on Wednesday , September 23rd .
Participation is on a drop - in basis .
The sign - in table will be the basketball courts near the top of Mount Tabor .
Here ’s what the crew is looking for ( via an email from Sevick Kersheimer ) :
For the sake of the shoot we would rather no tall bikes or abnormally small bikes , it ’s just easier on the camera guy , George .
Though if some show up I ’m sure they will figure it out .
We are looking for things to be as natural as possible so we are discouraging costumes and body paint .
Though if people want to make themselves shiny with baby oil or something , that will play off the lights well !
Shooting will go on all day , so participants can join the fun for the entire 12 hours , or just drop by for an hour or two .
No RSVP is required , just show up ( clothed , please ! ) with valid ID .
There you ’ll be greeted by Coyne and the Flaming Lips crew , who will set you up with a release form , a sign up sheet , and a secure area to stash your clothes .
Coyne says that the video should be available for viewing within about two weeks after the shoot , “ so long as i do n’t get arrested and nobody gets hurt . ”
The record is set to be released in the second week of October , and this is one of there or four music videos they ’re hoping to release concurrently .
Event details :
Flaming Lips naked bike video shoot
Wednesday , September 23 , 10 am – 10 pm ( drop-in )
The top of Mount Tabor , by the basketball courts
No RSVP needed .
Just show up wearing clothes , please .
For more information , contact : bikeforthelips at gmail dot com
Art /Culture , Front Page , Rides / Events , World Naked Bike Ride
culture , music , naked biking , world naked bike ride
The Nightmare Scenario in Afghanistan
This week , the most senior U.S. official working with the United Nations in Afghanistan went on " leave " out of frustration over the lack of response to fraud in the country ’s presidential election .
The head of the European Union ’s election - monitoring commission said that as many as one - third of the votes President Hamid Karzai received were " suspect " and should be investigated .
And Afghans themselves continue to criticize not just the controversial election , but also the government ’s response to it .
If this continues , it will fatally undermine the next Afghan government and the efforts of its international supporters .
Steps should be taken immediately to avert a potentially violent legitimacy crisis .
We observed Afghanistan ’s Aug. 20 presidential and provincial council elections in Kabul .
Among us we have almost seven decades of experience in following Afghan politics , and we feel thoroughly alarmed by the lack of consensus on how to resolve the brewing crisis over the disputed elections .
It is by now clear that there took place an industrial - scale effort to distort the election results and defraud the Afghan people .
Should this effort succeed , the chance of the Barack Obama administration ’s stabilizing Afghanistan and the broader region will be grim indeed .
No one should be in any doubt as to the gravity and explosiveness of the situation .
The international community knew going into these elections that they were going to be problematic .
We could and should have done better .
There was evidence of fraud months beforehand , with over - registration of voters in the insecure southern parts of Afghanistan and voter registration cards for sale at markets in Kabul .
Although we did not personally witness any significant electoral fraud on election day in Kabul , reports from our colleagues and contacts in other parts of Afghanistan provided evidence of significant , state - supported fraud .
We also knew well in advance that a lack of institutional capacity would make a quick determination of the winner impossible .
The Independent Election Commission is now perceived by many Afghans as partisan , having included thousands of manifestly suspect votes in its tally .
Some 2,851 complaints , 751 of which were classed as serious , were filed with the Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) , which has limited organizational capacity to investigate them .
It will likely take weeks to determine whether President Karzai , who has nominally surmounted the 50 percent hurdle , can avoid a runoff election .
If the ECC invalidates enough votes to trigger a runoff , the onset of winter by late October and the resulting inaccessibility of remote areas would mean that such an election would have to wait until spring .
This long delay , with Karzai continuing to hold the presidency , would trigger a constitutional crisis , and possibly an outbreak of serious violence in Kabul .
Some outsiders , including senior U.N. figures , are reported to favor ameliorating the situation by brokering a deal among the leading contenders for the presidency .
They think a so - called " national unity government " would take the sting out of an outright Karzai victory by avoiding an ethnically divisive second round of voting .
But an election lacking credibility is far more likely to inflame ethnic tensions .
Behind - the - scenes negotiations that treat the wishes of the electorate as only one factor in a bargaining process between strongmen and foreign governments will simply add to the bitter cynicism that Afghans already have toward their government and the West .
Acute crises of popular legitimacy cannot be overcome by secretive deals .
What is essential is a process that Afghans regard as legitimate .
And , strange though it might seem , many in Afghanistan ’s young electorate — exposed in recent years to a great deal of talk about the virtues of democracy and free elections — have come to believe what they have been told .
A second round of elections before the end of October offers the best way to demonstrate that Afghans can still have a free choice and , with better voting procedures and international supervision , a more honest outcome .
Even if Karzai ultimately wins , it is important to demonstrate that the international community is united in its determination to back a democratic process , rather than make deals that support individuals .
The ECC may have enough evidence of fraud to trigger a runoff by mid-October .
However , if a decision is made to investigate all electoral fraud complaints and a runoff election is required in the spring , an interim government should be authorized by the country ’s Supreme Court and the Afghan National Assembly .
The Obama administration — for which fraudulent elections pose an acute problem — should tacitly sponsor this approach .
News reports of massive voter fraud have already contributed to eroding popular support in the United States for the war .
A nightmare scenario is one in which the United States is expected to partner with a government delegitimized by the very process by which it has hung on to power .
Ordinary Afghans , denied the opportunity to use peaceful , democratic means to clean up their government , would be more vulnerable than ever to the blandishments of the Taliban , and this would add monumentally to the problems facing U.S. Gen.
Stanley A. McChrystal and his colleagues .
Our entire strategy for dealing with the Afghan insurgency could be at stake .
In November 1986 , at the meeting of the Soviet Politburo that took the decision to withdraw from Afghanistan , Marshal Sergei Akhromeyev captured the Soviet Union ’s Afghan dilemma all too bluntly : " We have lost the battle for the Afghan people . "
If , in 2009 , we opt to side with the fraudsters rather than the voters , we too will lose the battle for the Afghan people .
October 29 , 2009 - Robin Walker
From now until 2:00 pm PDT , Team Fortress will be available on Steam for the horrifyingly ( to our accountants ) low price of $ 2.49 !
What else can you buy for that price ?
That 's not a rhetorical question , we 're interested in all the things we can buy once those $ 2.49 s start rolling in .
Robin " Twofortyninenaire " Walker
Get Team Fortress 2 for yourself or treat a friend .
While this year has become best known as the fortieth anniversary of Woodstock , it was also forty years ago that the first African - American Studies department was established , at San Francisco State University .
Forty - one fall semesters later , there are hundreds of such departments .
Has what they teach evolved with the march of time ?
I explore that question here at the Minding the Campus site sponsored by my think tank .
My point is that the typical African - American Studies department holds front and center a particular lesson : that racism is more influential in American life at present than one might initially think , and always has been .
Urban history ?
Blacks were penned into segregated districts and then factory jobs available to modestly educated men were moved to China .
Politics ?
Radicalism has been most interesting , whether or not it was the source of most black success .
Performance ?
Most resonant in how it Spoke Truth to Power .
Is that all we are ?
Is that all we have been ?
Is it irrelevant to cover how black people have triumphed against the obstacles ?
Especially since so many have trumphed that today there are more middle class black people than poor ones ?
Is the main relevance of the fact that we have a black President -- ahem !!!!-- that his election did n’t mean , as if anyone thought it did , that there did not remain some racist idiots here and there ?
Currently , I create and execute content - and PR strategies for clients , including thought leadership and messaging .
I also ghostwrite and produce press releases , white papers , case studies and other collateral .
A group of protesters have taken it upon themselves to gather outside the school made famous by conservative media after a group of children were filmed singing the praises of President Barack Obama .
A collection of about 60 or 70 protesters , reportedly affiliated with Glenn Beck ’s “ 9/12 Project ” and the “ tea party ” groups , stood in front of New Jersey ’s B. Bernice Young Elementary School on Monday morning .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The protesters sang patriotic anthems and chanted slogans such as ‘ Free children , free minds , ' ” the Associated Press noted .
The South Jersey Courier Post Online added : “ The school district , in a statement , said that it ‘ does not believe that protesting in front of an elementary school in session with four to seven year old children is appropriate . ' ”
Nevertheless , the group ’s event went off without incident .
They kept off school grounds and were observed by about a half - dozen local police .
“ A smaller group of counter - protesters watched and occasionally heckled them , ” AP added .
Superintendent Christopher Manno told the Burlington County Times that he had met with the rally ’s organizer and notified parents of what would be happening on Monday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We certainly do n’t want our families to be alarmed , ” he said . “…
Participants in the rally will not be permitted on school property . ”
According to 6ABC Action News in Philadelphia , the school “ houses kindergartners through second - graders . ”
The teacher who oversaw the class of students who sang about the president in honor of Black History Month has since retired .
According to the school , parents were notified about the assembly and the song ’s lyrics had been sent home with the kids .
ADVERTISEMENT
Everett Mitchell , executive editor of the Cherry Hill Post - Courier , told Fox ’s Greta Van Susteren during a Sept. interview that “ no parents objected to [ the song ] prior to the assembly , during the assembly or after the assembly . ”
This video is from 6ABC Action News in Philadelphia , broadcast Oct. 12 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Photo sample credit : Courier Post Online .
It 's been at least a couple of years since I first learned about the unconscionable injustices perpetrated upon Don Siegelman .
This former Democratic Alabama Governor was in prison at the time .
He had been targeted by Bush appointees on a mission to bring him down .
There is so much evidence indicating how this was done to him that an objective person would draw no other conclusion .
Governor Siegelman was accused of taking a bribe , and that just did n't happen .
You do n't have to take my word for it .
There are whistleblowers who have come out and told what they know .
There are 91 former states ' attorneys generals going to bat for him .
And law professors .
And journalists .
And bloggers .
And lay people .
In this country , which is supposed to be a great democracy , I will never for the life of me understand why Don Siegelman 's case is dragging on for so , so long .
I get why the Bush Administration was n't going to give Governor Siegelman a fair shake .
That president 's politically - motivated appointees wanted to shut down this good Alabaman , good Democrat , good American , good man !
But we 're into President Obama 's ninth month in office , and the silence from this Democratic , allegedly - fair administration is deafening .
If we progressives do n't stand up for one of our own , how can we expect candidates of good social conscience to run for office ?
How can we sleep at night knowing we did n't make every effort to see that Governor Siegelman is acknowledged , exonerated and given a chance to get his life back in order ?
This upstanding former Governor of Alabama has spent his many years in politics fighting for civil rights , justice and fairness for the people of his state and beyond .
Please go to the link below to send a message to the Obama Administration on behalf of Don Siegelman .
It 's the least any of us can do .
( CNN ) --
A new policy at Tufts University prohibits students in dorms from having sex while their roommate is in the room , according to the university 's 2009 - 2010 student handbook .
A school spokeswoman says students have expressed concerns over roommate having sex in the dorms .
The Massachusetts university 's formal rule also bars so - called " sexiling " -- exiling a roommate from the room so the other roommate can engage in sexual activity .
The new policy " is really about consideration and respect for others and the need for students to be mindful of their roommates ' need for privacy , study and sleep , " university spokeswoman Kim Thurler told CNN .
She said while she did not have an exact number of complaints from students about their roommates ' behavior , " over the last few years , the Office of Residential Life and Learning received approximately a dozen expressions of concern about this issue . "
Callie Morton , a freshman at Tufts , told CNN affiliate WHDH -TV , " If someone is going to go and have sex while their roommate is in the room , I mean I think that 's kind of gross .
I think it 's kind of funny that they would have to make a rule about it . "
Watch Tufts students talk about policy »
The new guidelines for students hosting overnight guests say , " You may not engage in sexual activity while your roommate is present in the room .
And sexual activity within your assigned room should not ever deprive your roommate (s ) of privacy , study , or sleep time . "
Other students agree that the new rule is going to be difficult to implement .
" I do n't think it 's something that can really be enforced per se , " an unidentified Tufts University student told WHDH .
" I do n't understand how that 's going to work . "
Thurler explained that if a problem is identified and brought to the attention of residence officials , the university will help the affected student have a conversation with his / her roommate to address the situation .
" In some cases , we might intervene on behalf of the student , " Thurler said , " and speak with their roommate directly and explain what is expected of them while they live in the residence halls . "
Thurler would n't comment on possible disciplinary action by the university if a student breaks the rules .
All About Tufts University
Senior executives in US IT companies have been advised by the US Government to follow extremely strict policies for visits to China which extend far beyond standard software protection .
The policies encourage them to leave their standard IT equipment at home and to buy separate gear only for use in China .
Mark Bregman , chief technology officer at security firm Symantec said he left his MacBook Pro behind in the US and took his MacBook Air whenever he flew to China .
Bregman said he only ever used the Air in China and re-imaged the machine every time he returned home .
However , he said he was " pretty relaxed " when it came to following the security policies .
" I do n't let my IT department near my laptop , " he said .
" I was advised by people in three - letter agencies in the US Government to weigh the machine before I left and when I got back , " Bregman said .
" They also do n't want me to take my phone .
They said to buy a mobile phone in the US and throw it away when you come back . "
Bregman said the US was also concerned about its companies employing Chinese coders , particularly in security .
He said the " software supply concern " was due to fears that Chinese developers would insert malicious code into software sold to American companies or the US government .
" If you 're a big company doing development in China the US government asks , ‘ Why should we trust you ?
We wo n't buy from you . ' "
However , he said every software company used developers in China including Microsoft , Oracle and others .
And Bregman asked why the US should fear Chinese developers but not US developers , when terrorist attacks were carried out in the US by American citizens .
Instead of worrying about the software products produced in China , the US Government should look at the tools and processes software vendors use to test their code , he said .
Symantec , as a security vendor which analyses code for malware , should be considered very reliable , said Bregman .
Bregman said the US had never asked Symantec to gather evidence using its own products .
" I 'm not paid by the US Government .
Why would I do it ?
" I want all governments and customers to be assured that the software I 'm selling them does what I say it does and nothing more . "
NO DIVIDEND NO DIVIDEND
Five biggest financial institutions not paying dividends in terms of TARP funds received : Name Amount of TARP AIG $ 180 billion * CIT Group $ 2.33 billion First Bancorp $ 400 million Sterling Financial $ 303 million UCBH Holdings $ 298 million * = amount of government money pledged ; Sources : Treasury Department , SNL Financial The U.S. taxpayers ' investments in smaller banks are increasingly at risk .
In a sign that more banks are under great pressure from the recession , 34 financial institutions did not pay their quarterly dividends in August to the Treasury on funds obtained under the Troubled Asset Relief Fund ( TARP ) .
The number almost doubled from 19 in May when payments were last made , and also raised questions about Treasury 's judgment in approving these banks as " healthy , " a necessary step for them to get TARP funding .
" The banks are not paying their dividends because they are worried about preserving capital , " says Eric Fitzwater , associate director of research at SNL Financial .
The Treasury Department says it cannot force an institution to pay dividends .
" For some banks , it may be prudent to exercise their right not to pay dividends in a particular month , and we respect their right to do so , " says Meg Reilly , a Treasury spokeswoman .
" To draw any broader conclusions about the state of the banking sector from one month is highly premature and speculative . "
However , a lot of smaller banks are already under stress .
Weighed down by foreclosures and delinquencies , 98 banks have failed so far this year , vs. 25 for all of last year .
Besides insurer American International Group and lender CIT Group , most of the other non-payers are smaller institutions that received $ 400 million or less in TARP funds .
Top Republican on the House Financial Services Committee , Rep. Spencer Bachus , R - Ala. , says : " We must ensure taxpayers are repaid . "
Some say Treasury might have been too hasty in approving some banks for TARP funds .
" Perhaps the Treasury made assumptions that were a little bit too rosy , " says Walter Todd , who invests in banks at Greenwood Capital .
" My question is also whether the Treasury is staffed adequately to handle this tremendous undertaking . "
Treasury has given $ 365 billion to 700 institutions from TARP .
AIG , to which the government has pledged $ 180 billion , has accumulated $ 1.6 billion in unpaid dividends .
And CIT , which received $ 2.3 billion from TARP , said in a regulatory filing that it is restructuring its debt and seeking approval from bondholders for a pre-packaged bankruptcy .
If that happened , it would wipe out the entire government investment .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
What is Cloud Computing ?
Cloud computing is a general term for anything that involves delivering hosted services over the internet .
These services are broadly divided into three categories :
Infrastructure - as - a- Service ( IaaS )
Platform - as - a- Service ( PaaS ) and
Software - as - a- Service ( SaaS )
Five attributes of Cloud Computing
Gartner defines five attributes of Cloud Computing :
It is service - based .
It is scalable and elastic .
It uses shared infrastructure to build economies of scale .
It is metered and users pay according to usage .
Most importantly , it uses Internet technologies .
Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS )
Infrastructure as a Service is a provision model in which an organization outsources the equipment used to support operations , including storage , hardware , servers and networking components .
The service provider owns the equipment and is responsible for housing , running and maintaining it .
The client typically pays on a per-use basis .
Infrastructure as a Service is sometimes referred to as Hardware as a Service ( HaaS ) .
Characteristics and components of IaaS
Characteristics and components of IaaS include :
Utility computing service and billing model
Automation of administrative tasks
Dynamic scaling
Desktop virtualization
Policy - based services
Internet connectivity
Platform as a Service ( PaaS )
Platform - as - a - service in the cloud is defined as a set of software and product development tools hosted on the provider 's infrastructure .
Developers create applications on the provider 's platform over the Internet .
PaaS providers may use APIs , website portals or gateway software installed on the customer 's computer .
Example : Google Apps
Software as a Service ( SaaS )
Software as a Service ( SaaS ) is a software distribution model in which applications are hosted by a vendor or service provider and made available to customers over a network , typically the Internet .
SaaS is closely related to the ASP ( application service provider ) and On Demand Computing software delivery models .
Service Model Architectures
Cloud Deployment Models
Private cloud - enterprise owned or leased
Community cloud - shared infrastructure for specific community
Public cloud -
Sold to the public , mega - scale infrastructure
Hybrid cloud - composition of two or more clouds
Possible Effects of Cloud Computing
Small enterprises use public SaaS and public clouds and minimize growth of data centers
Large enterprise data centers may evolve to act as private clouds
Large enterprises may use hybrid cloud infrastructure software to leverage both internal and public clouds
Public clouds may adopt standards in order to run workloads from competing hybrid cloud infrastructures
Foundational Elements of Cloud Computing
Primary Technologies Other Technologies Virtualization Autonomic Systems Grid technology Web 2.0
Service Oriented Architectures
Web application frameworks
Distributed Computing Service Level Agreements
Broadband Networks Browser as a platform Free and Open Source Software
Cloud Security Vs. Security in Cloud
“ Cloud Security ” : this refers to the security of “ the Cloud ” , or more usefully , of a given cloud .
Stepping back , we can use the term to refer to the general security aspects of Cloud Computing .
“ Security in the Cloud ” : this is about delivering security services via “ the cloud ” .
Security is the Major Issue
Cloud Computing Security Issues
According to analyst firm Gartner , customer should consider following seven cloud computing security risks before selecting a cloud computing vendor
Privileged User Access : Sensitive data processed outside the enterprise brings with it an inherent level of risk , because outsourced services bypass the " physical , logical and personnel controls " .
Regulatory Compliance : Customers are ultimately responsible for the security and integrity of their own data , even when it is held by a service provider .
Traditional service providers are subjected to external audits and security certifications .
Cloud computing providers who refuse to undergo this scrutiny are " signaling that customers can only use them for the most trivial functions , " according to Gartner .
Data Location :
When you use the cloud , you robably wo n't know exactly where your data is hosted .
In fact , you might not even know what country it will be stored in .
Ask providers if they will commit to storing and processing data in specific jurisdictions , and whether they will make a contractual commitment to obey local privacy requirements on behalf of their customers , Gartner advises .
Data segregation : Data in the cloud is typically in a shared environment alongside data from other customers .
Encryption is effective but is n't a cure - all .
" Find out what is done to segregate data at rest , " Gartner advises .
The cloud provider should provide evidence that encryption schemes were designed and tested by experienced specialists .
" Encryption accidents can make data totally unusable , and
even normal encryption can complicate availability , " Gartner says .
Recovery : Even if you do n't know where your data is , a cloud provider should tell you what will happen to your data and service in case of a disaster .
" Any offering that does not replicate the data and application infrastructure across multiple sites is vulnerable to a total failure , " Gartner says .
Ask
your provider if it has " the ability to do a complete restoration , and how long it will take . "
Investigative support : Investigating inappropriate or illegal activity may be impossible in cloud computing , Gartner warns .
Cloud services are especially difficult to investigate , because logging and data for multiple customers may be co-located and may also be spread across an ever - changing
set of hosts and data centers
Long - term viability : Ideally , cloud computing provider will never go broke or get acquired and swallowed up by a larger company .
But you must be sure your data will remain available even after such an event .
" Ask potential providers how you would get your data back and if it would be in a format that you could import into a replacement application , " Gartner says .
Best Practice for Companies in the cloud
Inquire about exception monitoring systems
Be vigilant around updates and making sure that staff do n't suddenly gain access privileges they 're not supposed to .
Ask where the data is kept and inquire as to the details of data protection laws in the relevant jurisdictions .
Seek an independent security audit of the host
Find out which third parties the company deals with and whether they are able to access your data
Be careful to develop good policies around passwords ; how they are created , protected and changed .
Look into availability guarantees and penalties .
Find out whether the cloud provider will accommodate your own security policies
Is Cloud Computing behind Twitter hack ?
What is being dubbed as the “ Twitter Hack ” has some questioning whether security is an issue for the phenomenon that is cloud computing .
The incident that sparked the debate was actually the hacking of a Google Apps account belonging to a Twitter employee .
It has been reported that the exploit occurred because one of Twitter ’s co-founders create a password for Google Apps that was easily guessed by a hacker .
This in turn , enabled the hacker to access and distribute important documents .
The distribution of internal Twitter documents by a hacker has revived doubts about the security of cloud computing .
Cloud Security Alliance
The Cloud Security Alliance is a non-profit organization formed to promote the use of best practices for providing security assurance within Cloud Computing , and provide education on the uses of Cloud Computing to help secure all other forms of computing .
The Cloud Security Alliance is comprised of many subject matter experts from a wide variety disciplines , united in following objectives :
Promote a common level of understanding between the consumers and providers of cloud computing regarding the necessary security requirements and attestation of assurance .
Promote independent research into best practices for cloud computing security .
Launch awareness campaigns and educational programs on the appropriate uses of cloud computing and cloud security solutions .
Create consensus lists of issues and guidance for cloud security assurance .
References
The team at Peace Talks works diligently to do the best for their clients ….
being attentive to quality , efficiency and to client needs .
It 's not just a business for them .
They also understand the psychological complexities associated with dispute resolution .
I ’ve referred clients and will continue to do so .
M. Debra Reno , Owner , M. Debra Reno , CPA
File No. 9110161
WORLD TRADE CENTER TASK FORCE INTERVIEW
EMT RICHARD ZARRILLO
Interview Date : October 25 , 2001 [ PDF download ] ... Again , times are a little fuzzy initially for me .
A few minutes later , John came to me and said you need to go find Chief Ganci and relay the following message : that the buildings have been compromised , we need to evacuate , they 're going to collapse .
I said okay .
I went down Vesey Street towards West .
Q. You were by yourself ?
A. I was by myself , me and my helmet and my radio .
I got to the corner of Vesey and West .
I found some EMS vehicles .
I think I saw Chief Gombo there .
I 'm not really sure .
I mentioned to the EMS people there , again , not knowing who they were , I said you need to get away from here , the building might collapse , we need to leave this spot .
As I was walking towards the Fire command post , I found Steve Mosiello .
I said , Steve , where 's
the boss ?
I have to give him a message .
He said , well , what 's the message ?
I said the buildings are going to collapse ; we need to evac everybody out .
With a very confused look he said who told you that ?
I said I was just with John at OEM .
OEM says the buildings are going to collapse ; we need to get out .
He escorted me over to Chief Ganci .
He said , hey , Pete , we got a message that the buildings are going to collapse .
His reply was who the fuck told you that ?
Then Steve brought me in and with Chief Ganci , Commissioner Feehan , Steve , I believe Chief Turi was initially there , I said , listen , I was just at OEM .
The message I was given was that the buildings are going to collapse ; we need to get our people out .
At that moment , this thunderous , rolling roar came down and that 's when the building came down , the first tower came down .
It seems logical that the Office of Emergency Management would warn their boss of the impending collapses , so this would explain how Mayor Giuliani received warning of the collapses .
Richard Sheirer is currently working with Giuliani Partners LLC .
Until recently , he was Commissioner of New York City ’s Mayor ’s Office of Emergency Management ( OEM ) .
Following the September 11th World Trade Center disaster , Mr. Sheirer , in his capacity as Director of the Mayor ’s Office of Emergency Management , played a key role in overseeing the City ’s rescue and recovery operations .
[ ccep.ca ]
How did the OEM know something that firefighters in WTC 2's impact area did n't ?
Why were n't all firefighters warned ?
Andrew Ansbro , Firefighter : “ I was one of the few firefighters to make it out of the Marriott Hotel before the south tower landed on it and killed most of the people inside , ” he recalled .
“ The cops had a five - minute head start .
They received word that the south tower was going to come down and none of us did .
... " [ Bay News Brooklyn ] " ... it's coming over our radio , get out of the area , the second tower 's [ WTC 2 ] coming down . "
" They 're saying the second tower is coming ..? "
" Yes , it 's about to collapse . "
" Seconds before the explosion there was a renewed interest in really getting people away ... they [ the police ] started screaming ' Get back , get back , there 's another explosion happening . '
I guess they were being warned on their radios that the top was going to come down ... "
" About an hour ago ... I was about a thousand yards from the World Trade Centers when the first tower collapsed .
It was a massive explosion .
At the time police were trying desperately to evacuate people from the area . "
Number of firefighters and paramedics killed : 343 .
Number of NYPD officers : 23 . [ nymag.com ]
There would have been a severe lack of law enforcement officials in New York in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 if they had n't received a five minute warning .
Think about it .
When Adults Fail Children — For Life
By Dr. Marty Klein
The Iowa Supreme Court has affirmed the conviction of 18 - year - old Jorge Canal , who complied with a 14 - year - old friend ’s request for a photo of his penis .
The young man is now forced to register as a sex offender , meaning his chances of getting a college degree , job , or livable apartment are pretty much ended .
According to the court , the girl “ generally hung out with teenagers older than herself ; ” was “ only friends ” with Canal ; thought the picture was sent “ only as a joke ; ” and was not “ a means to excite any feelings . ”
Nevertheless , Canal was convicted of “ knowingly disseminating obscene material to a minor . ”
Canal was a foolish kid .
But there are many ugly , stupid , irresponsible adults in this story .
The girl ’s mother , who checked her daughter ’s e-mail and internet use , found the photo and forwarded it to her husband .
The father then showed the photo to his friend , a police officer .
The cop arranged to have Canal arrested .
A prosecutor pursued the case , a judge tried it , a jury convicted .
These adults failed Canal and his friend miserably .
His ruined life will be a testament to their fear , insecurity , and hatred .
All these adults were supposedly attempting to protect Iowa ’s young people–by punishing this kid who was fooling around with a pal .
So let ’s spend a moment in the real world ( which none of these adults seem to inhabit ) .
Which is likely to hurt this 14 - year - old girl more — seeing a 2 - square - inch photo of a friend ’s erect penis , or being the reason that this friend will spend time in jail and decades as a registered sex offender ?
Her life is now ruined ( in addition , of course , to his ) , because of her criminally negligent parents , criminally ambitious prosecutor , and 12 jury members who failed to protect people who needed justice but received only wrath .
Americans should understand the horrors of our obscenity laws : a picture or word or object is obscene only after a jury decides that it is .
And a jury can decide that ANY picture , word , or object is obscene .
So no one can know for sure what ’s obscene until it ’s too late .
This is exactly like laws against “ hooliganism ” in places like Russia that we rightly deride .
The judge in Canal ’s case had rightly told the jury that “ a depiction of a person ’s genitals was not in and of itself obscene .
In order for the depiction of a person ’s genitals to be obscene , an average person applying contemporary community standards with respect to what is suitable material for minors must find the material is patently offensive , appeals to the prurient interest , and lacks serious literary , scientific , political , or artistic value . ”
At that point , the picture becomes illegal , and sharing it with someone else becomes a crime .
A jury of twelve Americans destroyed Jorge Canal ’s life because they believed that a picture of his erect penis is “ patently offensive . ”
I hope each of them never gets a good night ’s sleep for the rest of their lives .
Dr. Marty Klein has been a Licensed Marriage & Family Therapist and Certified Sex Therapist for 29 years .
As a clinician , he works each week with couples and individuals who have a variety of sexual and non-sexual difficulties -- over 30,000 sessions since 1980 .
Dr. Klein fights for the sexual rights of all Americans through his legal and courtroom work .
He has been an expert witness , consultant , or invited defendant in many state and federal censorship , internet , and obscenity cases .
He has authored over 100 articles in publications such as Parents , New Woman , and Playboy , as well as San Francisco Medicine , the California Therapist , and the Journal of Homosexuality .
He is also a former contributing editor to The New Physician , American Baby , and Modern Bride .
A breakthrough discovery by scientists from the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville , FL , may lead to a new treatment for Alzheimer 's Disease that actually removes amyloid plaques — considered a hallmark of the disease — from patients ' brains .
This discovery , published online in The FASEB Journal , is based on the unexpected finding that when the brain 's immune cells ( microglia ) are activated by the interleukin - 6 protein ( IL - 6 ) , they actually remove plaques instead of causing them or making them worse .
The research was performed in a model of Alzheimer 's disease established in mice .
" Our study highlights the notion that manipulating the brain 's immune response could be translated into clinically tolerated regimens for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases , " said Pritam Das , co-author of the study , from the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville , FL .
Das and colleagues made this unexpected discovery when they initially set out to prove that the activation of microgila trigger inflammation , making the disease worse .
Their hypothesis was that microglia would attempt to remove the plaques , but would be unable to do so , and in the process cause excessive inflammation .
To the surprise of the researchers , when microglia were activated by IL - 6 , they cleared the plaques from the brains .
To do this , the researchers over - expressed IL - 6 in the brains of newborn mice that had yet to develop any amyloid plaques , as well in mice with pre-existing plaques .
Using somatic brain transgenesis technology , scientists analyzed the effect of IL - 6 on brain neuro - inflammation and plaque deposition .
In both groups of mice , the presence of IL - 6 lead to the clearance of amyloid plaques from the brain .
Researchers then set out to determine exactly how IL - 6 worked to clear the plaques and discovered that the inflammation induced by IL - 6 directed the microglia to express proteins that removed the plaques .
This research suggests that manipulating the brain 's own immune cells through inflammatory mediators could lead to new therapeutic approaches for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases , particularly Alzheimer 's disease .
" This model is as close to human pathology as animal models get .
These results give us an exciting lead to newer , more effective treatments of Alzheimer 's disease , " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" This study demonstrates that investment in experimental biology is the best way to approach the challenge posed by an aging population to the cost of health care . "
BEREA , Ohio -- Braylon Edwards was fighting mad Sunday , exchanging a few blows with one of Cincinnati 's massive defensive linemen .
Later , Cleveland 's contentious wide receiver allegedly took a swing at someone much smaller but with a towering , more famous friend : LeBron James .
And the King is n't happy about it .
James called Edwards " childish " for allegedly punching his friend early Monday morning following an argument outside a Cleveland night club .
The Cavaliers superstar said Edwards punched his friend , Edward Givens , a promoter who was working outside the club around 2:30 a.m. EDT .
" I 've never crossed paths with Braylon before , but it seems like there 's a little jealousy going on with Braylon and me and my friends .
I have no idea why , " a protective and perturbed James said after practice .
" I 've never said anything to Braylon at all .
But for him to do that is very childish .
My friend is 130 pounds .
Seriously .
It 's like hitting one of my kids .
It does n't make sense . "
Edwards was not available for comment Monday as the Browns regrouped following their 23 - 20 overtime loss at home to the Cincinnati Bengals .
He did post a message on his Twitter account , offering praise to James , the NBA 's reigning MVP .
" I have no issue with LeBron , " Edwards tweeted .
" I respect and admire him . "
James said he was home when the alleged fight occurred , but got a call from Givens telling him about it at 7 a.m. Monday .
" The situation is very sensitive right now , but it 's unfortunate that it happened , " James said .
" Hopefully my friend is doing well . "
Edwards faces possible disciplinary action from the Browns and the league .
The Plain Dealer first reported the incident on its Web site , cleveland.com .
According to a police incident report , Givens accused an unidentified man of punching him in the face following an argument at approximately 2:30 a.m.
Givens , who is listed as 5 - foot - 7 , 135 pounds on the report , said the 6 - foot - 3 , 215 - pound Edwards hit him with a closed fist .
He told police he suffered a black eye and cut and was treated at a hospital .
Over its seven - year gestation , Christmas on Mars had come to represent everything wonderful and frustrating about the Flaming Lips .
As much as we loved the idea of Wayne Coyne producing a sci- fi flick in his backyard with hardware - store materials , the Lips ' musical production became less frequent -- and less consistent -- during its making .
2006 's scattershot At War With the Mystics tried to cut down on the lightness of their two previous landmark albums but was largely overwhelmed by cloying singles ( " The Yeah Yeah Yeah Song " , " Free Radicals " ) that felt like little more than excuses to shoot off their confetti cannons .
The trio's desire to produce crowd - pleasing spectacle -- whether on stage or on film -- had seemingly taken priority over their desire to be a band .
But when Christmas on Mars finally surfaced in late 2008 , it came with a peace offering to fans longing for a return to the band 's bizarro roots : a full - length soundtrack of unsettling instrumentals that conjured the film 's icy desolation .
Now , rather than close a chapter on this seven - year saga , the Flaming Lips have taken a dramatic left turn with their Mystics follow - up -- the double album Embryonic is the band 's most audacious undertaking since 1997's Zaireeka .
The sprawling 70 - minute marathon ruminates on themes of madness , isolation , and hallucinogenic horror , translating them into an unrelentingly paranoid , static - soaked acid - rock epic .
Embryonic actually feels like it was produced in one of Christmas on Mars ' hermetic space - station labs , with squelching equipment that takes a few moments to warm up and frequent instructional studio chatter that gives the impression of a subject under observation .
There 's a raw directness to Embryonic that 's been largely absent from Lips records since the mid-90s .
For the first time in years , they 've made an album that actually sounds like a band playing live together in a small room .
In light of Mystics ' overly processed , grab - bag quality , the holistic , audio - vérité approach on display here is remarkable -- the record is extremely dense , initially overwhelming , but unusually rewarding upon repeat listens .
Like the double - disc , high - concept rock epics of yore ( think Physical Graffiti or Bitches Brew ) , it captures them at their most sprawling and ambitious , boldly pushing themselves towards more adventurous horizons .
Musically , too , Embryonic leans heavily on the Lips ' formative 60s /70s psych - rock influence ( like In a Priest Driven Ambulance 's " Take Meta Mars " before it , Embryonic 's formidable opener " Convinced of the Hex " grooves heavily on Can 's " Mushroom " ) , but never before has the band recorded an album so unwaveringly sinister , or so devoid of pop-song levity .
( Hell , even Zaireeka had " The Big Ol ' Bug Is the New Baby Now " . )
Wayne Coyne no longer assumes the role of the endearingly creaky , puppet - toting crooner .
Instead , he 's a world - weary fatalist describing scenes of environmental holocaust in a chillingly unaffected monotone on the rampaging " See the Leaves " .
Or he 's a cult leader deviously summoning his minions on " Sagittarius Silver Announcement " , before leading them to a fiery demise on the monstrous , stoner - metal onslaught of " Worm Mountain " ( featuring fuzzbox - stomping assistance from MGMT ) .
The atmosphere of dread reaches its fever pitch in the album 's spellbinding seven - minute centerpiece " Powerless " , where , over top a coolly ominous bass riff , Coyne 's nervous verses yield to a Syd Barrett - on - Mandrax guitar freak out .
There are brief respites amid Embryonic 's thundering eruptions , but even these carry a calm - before - the - storm unease :
On paper , " I Can Be a Frog " reads like another of Coyne 's animal - populated nursery rhymes , but the foreboding orchestration and giggly background squawks ( courtesy of Karen O ) render it too creepy for kindergarten .
And the vocoderized lullaby " The Impulse " serves only to make the screaming intro to strobe - lit freakout " Silver Trembling Hands " all the more startling .
True to an album named Embryonic , there are tracks that are n't fully formed ( namely , the drunken Bonham stumble of " Your Bats " or the free - psych splatter of " Scorpio Swords " ) , but even in its slighter moments , Embryonic exhibits a renewed sense of fearless freakery for a band who so recently threatened to lapse into stagy routine .
" I wish I could go back , go back in time , " Coyne sings on " Evil " , Embryonic 's most conventionally Lips-ian ballad , but the nostalgic impulse is immediately undercut by the admission that " no one really ever can . "
Perhaps Coyne is anticipating the confused reactions of recent Lips converts expecting more life - affirming anthems along the lines of " Do You Realize ? ? " or " Race for the Prize " .
But given the band 's history , Embryonic 's sea change arrives right on time to herald a new Flaming Lips for a new decade .
Back in 1990 , In a Priest Driven Ambulance signaled the Lips ' transformation from garage - punk misfits into a splendorous , kaleidoscopic rock outfit ; 1999 's
The Soft Bulletin reconfigured them once again into a sophisticated , sincere symphonic - pop troupe bestowed with increasing commercial acclaim and street - naming ceremonies in their honor .
We can only hope that , as we enter the 2010s , Embryonic portends yet another new phase for the Flaming Lips -- one that 's equally as improbable and rewarding as the ones that have preceded it .
If Kobe Bryant , Dwight Howard and Jordan Crawford appeared in a “ Jeopardy ! ” question , the correct answer would probably be , “ Who are the people NBA star LeBron James would like to dunk on ? ”
Bryant won the 2009 NBA championship instead of James .
Howard was denied a handshake from James after the Orlando Magic eliminated the Cleveland Cavaliers from last season ’s playoffs .
And Crawford dunked over James this summer at his skills camp , sparking more attention after Nike initially confiscated the video evidence .
But that answer is incorrect .
Maxim magazine recently asked James , “ If there was one guy on the planet you could dunk on , who would it be ? ”
Advertisement
His response might produce as much reaction on Capitol Hill as on the basketball court .
“ If it does n’t have to be a basketball player , George W. Bush , ” James said .
“ I would dunk on [ him ] , break the rim and shatter the glass . ”
Trivia question
Who delivered the hit that sidelined New England Patriots quarterback Drew Bledsoe in 2001 , resulting in Tom Brady ’s leading the Patriots to a win in Super Bowl XXXVI ?
Advertisement
A coach , a ref and a rabbi
You ’ve heard the joke about a referee , a coach and a rabbi walking onto a basketball court , right ?
Wait , this is n’t a joke .
This actually happened .
Rabbi Yitzchak Dovid Grossman intervened between referees and Maccabi Tel Aviv Coach Pini Gershon in an exhibition game Sunday against the New York Knicks .
Gershon had been ejected for receiving two technicals , but he refused to leave the court .
Advertisement
Grossman was in Los Angeles on Tuesday for Maccabi ’s exhibition against the Clippers , second in a series of games benefiting Migdal Ohr , the world ’s largest orphanage that Grossman founded and that houses 7,000 orphaned , abused and underprivileged children .
And Grossman acknowledged he gave Gershon advice on how to avoid a second ejection .
“ I said to him , ‘ Please try today to be OK and do n’t go out of your mind , ’ ” Grossman said .
“ ‘ See that everything will be peaceful .
The children from Israel and people from all over Israel are watching .
I want this to be an example of friendship , not of fighting . ’ ”
It seemed to work : Gershon did n’t get a technical in the Clippers game .
Advertisement
Holiday spirit
UCLA fans had better hope their USC neighbors are n’t like Clark Griswold , the character in “ National Lampoon ’s Christmas Vacation ” who decorated his house with 250 strands of lights .
That ’s because CollegeHighlites announced Wednesday a licensing agreement to sell “ Cardinal and Gold lights and wiring ” that “ embody the spirit of Troy , as well as the spirit of the holidays . ”
Trivia answer
Advertisement
Bledsoe ’s collision with then New York Jets linebacker Mo Lewis caused Bledsoe to suffer internal bleeding , which opened the door for Brady .
And finally
The Sporting News ’ Dave Curtis on the legacy of Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden : “ In the short term , Bowden ’s in trouble .
Big picture , he remains a legend . ”
--
Advertisement
mark.medina@latimes.com
twitter.com/latimesmedina
Game History :
Super Mario Bros. is a platform video game developed by Nintendo in late 1985 and published for the Nintendo Entertainment System as a sequel to the 1983 game Mario Bros ..
In Super Mario Bros. , the titular character , Mario , saves Princess Toadstool ( later renamed Princess Peach ) of the Mushroom Kingdom from King Koopa ( later renamed Bowser ) , king of the Koopas .
Mario's younger brother , Luigi , is playable by the second player in the game 's multiplayer mode , and assumes the same plot role as Mario .
To save Princess Toadstool , Mario conquers the eight worlds of the Mushroom Kingdom by going to the castle in each to defeat a minion of King Koopa .
To reach each castle , Mario battles through three " sub- worlds " by defeating or avoiding King Koopa 's henchmen .
If Mario successfully fights his way through the castle and defeats the minion , a Mushroom Retainer ( later renamed Toad ) is freed .
Inside the eighth castle , Mario has a final fight with King Koopa and frees Princess Toadstool .
The film , meanwhile , will be created by The Impossible Project – the company rescued from the ashes of the Polaroid manufacturing plant based in Enschede , The Netherlands .
Over the last year former managers of the factory have worked , as mostly a labour of love , to recreate the magic of the film on a low budget .
City of Pittsburgh government contracts , campaign finance reports , and lobbyists .
Search Open Book Pittsburgh for City contracts , campaign donations and expenditures of candidates for a City office , and lobbyists that do business with the City of Pittsburgh .
Materials
QTY Material
1 22 mm pipe any lenth over 15cm
1 plywood or you can use plastic .
( to hold the bottle in place )
1 inline non return valve .....
One from a ballon pump will do
1 a 1st stage of a bottle rocket and a 2nd
instructions
1. insert 2 cm of the 22 mm pipe in to the 1st stage .
( pic1 )
2. use epoxy or pvc sement to seal it .
( pic 1 )
3. insert a non return valve into the pipe and glue it .
3.work out the dimensions of how long and wide the plywood or plastic needs to be , to hold the bottle in place .
Then cut it out using image 2 to help you .
The hinge is mounted on the pipe clamp .
4.when you slide the bottle on ( use vaseline to seal it ) make sure the pipe clamp is right next to the neck on the first stage .
This will have your hinge on , next clip your hinge onto the bottle neck so it is tight and wo n't fall off .
Verizon has some of the crappiest phones available , so there 's been no shortage of leaks about it getting an Android phone .
Now the Verizon / Google love - affair is official : Big Red will introduce two Android - based handsets " within the next few weeks " .
Advertisement
Verizon plans to support Google Voice , saying you either have an open device or you do n't , and theirs will be open .
Hopefully that means VoIP calls over 3G will be possible .
No word if one of the two Android phones will be the Verizon Motorola Sholes / Droid , but we 'll fill you in when we know more .
[ PR Newswire ]
Advertisement
Verizon Wireless and Google plan to co-develop several Android - based devices that will be pre-loaded with innovative applications from both parties as well as third - party developers .
The family of Android phones on the Verizon Wireless network will come from leading handset manufacturers .
One year after the hosting of the exceptional Beijing Olympic Games , the 11th National Games , billed as China ’s mini-Olympics , opened amid a splendid ceremony here Friday evening .
Chinese President Hu Jintao officially opened the Games at the ceremony held in the newly built Olympic Sports Complex in this capital city of east China ’s Shandong province .
With 55 of all 63 Chinese Beijing Olympic champions expected to compete , the quadrennial national meet is set to stage another sports gala for the country which just celebrated its 60th birthday .
Among those present at the ceremony are President of International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) Jacques Rogge , who was re-elected at the 121st IOC Session held in Copenhagen just one week ago , and a dozen of IOC members .
When addressing the full capacity of 60,000 at the ceremony , Liu Peng , director - general of State General Administration of Sports and President of the Organizing Committee of the 11th National Games , said a successful staging of the National Games will be a perfect gift dedicated to the country ’s 60th birthday .
“ The National Games has contributed a lot to the development of Chinese sport in the past 50 years .
We must build on what we have achieved since the Beijing Olympics , make our country much stronger in sport and promote the national fitness program as well , ” Liu added .
He also wished athletes could promote sportsmanship in the 13 - day long competitions .
Taking part in the biggest - ever National Games are 10,991 athletes of 46 delegations from all provinces , municipalities , autonomous regions , Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions , the People ’s Liberation Army , the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps and various sports associations of the trades such as railways , coal mining , forestry , finance and banking and aviation .
The athletes ’ parade was followed by an Olympic - style art performance , a brilliant combination of dazzling light , music and dance , fireworks , and cultural extravaganza .
The ceremony reached the climax with an intricate cauldron lighting , which saw thousands of performers on the field line up and stretch to the foot of the cauldron with each holding a torch , meaning the cauldron was lit by all the people .
Getting more of China ’s 1.3 billion people involved in sport was one of the legacy aims of the Beijing Olympics , where China topped the medal table on 51 golds last year .
China ’s sports governing body has given the priority to the mass participation of sports after the Beijing Games and vowed to include more people in the national fitness program , with the latest effort making Aug. 8 , the date when the Beijing Olympics was held , an annual National Fitness Day .
The flame , which lit the cauldron , arrived in Jinan after a two - month nation - wide relay .
The flame was ignited in a traditional sun-ray ceremony on Aug. 1 at the top of Mount Taishan , one of the world cultural and natural heritage sites in China .
The mountain lies some 40 km south of the host city Jinan and has been considered the holy mountain because it is to the east , the direction from which the sun rises .
It is a continuation of a pilgrimage to Mount Taishan since ancient times , when emperors used to ascend the mountain to pray and say thanks to heaven and earth for peace and prosperity .
High officials , noted scholars and commoners have followed suit .
The Games , with the theme of “ Harmonious China and People ’s Games ” , features 33 sports consisting of all 28 sports in summer Olympics , four winter sports and wushu as well .
Before its official kick - off , finals of 104 events from winter sports and summer sports such as table tennis , gymnastics and diving have concluded .
The National Games , which was inaugurated 50 years ago , has long been a fierce battlefield for those participants who will spare no efforts to take home both honor and pride .
Usually held every four years , it is the country ’s top national - level sports event .
The Games runs from October 16 to 28 and will be held in 17 cities for the overall benefits throughout Shandong province .
Photo taken on Oct. 16 , 2009 shows the art performance at the opening ceremony of the 11th Chinese National Games in Jinan , east China ’s Shandong Province . ’
( Source : Xinhua News Agency )
This story was co-published with Politico and appeared in its print and online editions on Tuesday , Sept. 22 , 2009 .
Arkansas Rep. Mike Ross -- a Blue Dog Democrat playing a key role in the health care debate -- sold a piece of commercial property in 2007 for substantially more than a county assessment ( PDF ) and an independent appraisal ( PDF ) say it was worth .
The buyer : an Arkansas - based pharmacy chain with a keen interest in how the debate plays out .
Ross sold the real estate in Prescott , Ark. , to USA Drug for $ 420,000 -- an eye - popping number for real estate in the tiny train and lumber town about 100 miles southwest of Little Rock .
" You can buy half the town for $ 420,000 , " said Adam Guthrie , chairman of the county Board of Equalization and the only licensed real estate appraiser in Prescott .
But the $ 420,000 was just the beginning of what Ross and his pharmacist wife , Holly , made from the sale of Holly 's Health Mart .
The owner of USA Drug , Stephen L. LaFrance Sr. , also paid the Rosses $ 500,000 to $ 1 million for the pharmacy 's assets and paid Holly Ross another $ 100,001 to $ 250,000 for signing a non-compete agreement .
Those numbers , which Ross listed on the financial disclosure reports he files as a member of Congress , bring the total value of the transaction to between $ 1 million and $ 1.67 million .
And that 's not counting the $ 2,300 campaign contribution Ross received from LaFrance two weeks after the sale closed .
Holly Ross remains the pharmacist at Holly 's Health Mart under USA Drug .
Neither she nor her husband agreed to speak with ProPublica for this story .
( Read Rep . Mike Ross 's response to this ProPublica - Politico investigation . )
At the time of the 2007 sale , the county assessor 's office valued the pharmacy 's building and the land on which it sits at $ 263,000 -- nearly $ 160,000 less than the Rosses got for it .
Because assessors ' valuations do n't always reflect true market value , ProPublica hired Guthrie to appraise the property .
He placed the current value of the lot and building at $ 198,000 , substantially lower than the county 's assessment , which was raised from $ 263,000 to $ 269,000 this year .
Guthrie explained the difference between his appraisal and the county assessment by saying that county assessments have been running higher than actual market value .
Mike Ross frequently speaks for a coalition of House moderates known as the Blue Dog Democrats , a group that helped force changes to the version of the health care reform bill drafted by the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
The role has lifted him to national prominence in recent months .
Ross , a member of the committee , told reporters on Aug. 5 in Little Rock : “ We held the bill hostage in committee for 10 days to make it better .
...
We protected small businesses .
...
And we ensured that if there is a government option , it will be just that , an option .
It will not be mandated on anybody . "
Ross bristled at suggestions he was trying to kill the bill .
" I was n't trying to kill health care reform , " he said .
" If I was , I would n't have been in negotiations for 10 days . "
LaFrance has amassed a privately held chain of more than 150 pharmacies operating in five Southern and Midwestern states under a variety of names , including USA Drug .
It was the 15th largest drug chain in the country in 2008 with an estimated $ 906 million in sales , according to Racher Press , which publishes business intelligence reports .
The pharmacy industry is aggressively lobbying Congress in an effort to protect its interests in the health care debate .
Ross , who belongs to the 52 - member Congressional Community Pharmacy Coalition , has introduced and supported legislation backed by pharmacy trade groups .
On Aug. 1 , the National Community Pharmacists Association issued a news release thanking Ross for an amendment to the health care reform bill that would create greater transparency in the operations of pharmacy benefit managers , who act as clearinghouses for insurance company reimbursements for pharmaceuticals .
In June , the National Association of Chain Drug Stores issued a news release thanking Ross for introducing legislation authorizing payments to pharmacists to train patients in how to manage their medications .
Health - related interests have donated $ 342,475 to Ross since 2007 , according to federal campaign data maintained by the nonprofit Center for Responsive Politics .
No other business sector has given Ross as much .
LaFrance declined to be interviewed for this story .
His son , Stephen L. LaFrance Jr. , who helps run the chain , asked for questions to be submitted in writing but did n't respond to them .
Ross 's spokesman , Brad Howard , said the real estate deal was " open , honest and by - the - books . "
He described Ross and LaFrance as " acquaintances " but declined to say whether they have discussed the pending legislation , adding that Ross has discussed health care reform with many of his constituents .
The $ 157,000 gap between the property 's assessed value and the price LaFrance paid was n't unusual , Howard said , because assessments are done for tax purposes and typically do n't reflect the full market value of the real estate .
" The appraisal always differs from the assessment , and you can't really compare the two , " Howard said .
In that initial interview on Sept. 2 , Howard told ProPublica that the appraised value of the real estate at the time of the sale " was somewhere around where the purchase price was , which was , you know , I think was like $ 420,000 . "
He said he did n't have a copy of any such appraisal and suggested obtaining it from LaFrance , who did not respond to requests for a copy .
On Friday , however , Howard said he could " only assume there was an appraisal done on the property by the buyer in 2007 " and that he " never said " the property was appraised at $ 420,000 .
Nevada County , which includes Prescott , hires an outside firm -- Arkansas CAMA Technology Inc. -- to update its assessments every five years .
After LaFrance bought Holly 's Health Mart in 2007 , someone from CAMA called the headquarters of LaFrance 's pharmacy chain to verify the sale price for the lot and building , in part because " it was such an expensive sale for that area , " CAMA employee Mike Shepherd told ProPublica .
Commercial property values in Nevada County " have stayed flat " in recent years , Shepherd said , adding , " I would say flat or a slight increase , maybe .
That would be pretty slight , though . "
Brenda Williams of Nevada County Real Estate in Prescott said county property assessments tend to be slightly below market value , but usually " no more than 5 percent . "
" Being in the real estate business , I know that I see the tax card every time , and it 's usually assessed a little bit less than the actual value or sales price , a little bit less but not that much less , " she said .
Asked about the value of the lot and building housing Holly 's Health Mart , she said : " It might cost $ 250,000 to build it .
I would n't have a problem with that two hundred and something thousand .
But not over 400 . "
The Rosses bought the lot in 1999 for $ 10,000 , then constructed a building that the county assessed at $ 225,000 .
Two months after the 2007 sale , LaFrance 's concerns about health care reform were spelled out in an article in the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette .
" Universal health care will ruin our health care in America , " LaFrance told the reporter .
" There 'll be long lines , they wo n't be able to get treated , potential doctors will be afraid to go into medical school , there will be an outflux of doctors -- in my opinion .
It 's not broke and do n't fix it . "
Describing the drug industry as " very big business , " he said the high prices charged for prescription drugs are possible only because insurance companies and the government underwrite about 95 percent of the cost .
" So when the customer pays $ 7 , $ 10 , $ 15 , $ 20 " for a prescription co-pay , " it does n't hurt him .
They do n't realize that the insurance company is paying the other $ 125 .
That 's kind of a double - edged sword ; if it was n't for insurance , the American pharmaceutical industry would n't be able to charge the prices it charges today , because the public would n't put up with it , " LaFrance told the Democrat - Gazette .
" Our sales are higher , because it affects the top line of sales , " he added .
If the government does n't interfere , there 's " nothing but good days ahead . "
ProPublica research director Lisa Schwartz and researcher Kitty Bennett contributed to this report .
Occidental College in Los Angeles is offering a course on stupidity .
Here ’s the course description :
180 . STUPIDITY .
Stupidity is neither ignorance nor organicity , but rather , a corollary of knowing and an element of normalcy , the double of intelligence rather than its opposite .
It is an artifact of our nature as finite beings and one of the most powerful determinants of human destiny .
Stupidity is always the name of the Other , and it is the sign of the feminine .
This course in Critical Psychology follows the work of Friedrich Nietzsche , Gilles Deleuze , and most recently , Avital Ronell , in a philosophical examination of those operations and technologies that we conduct in order to render ourselves uncomprehending .
Stupidity , which has been evicted from the philosophical premises and dumbed down by psychometric psychology , has returned in the postmodern discourse against Nation , Self , and Truth and makes itself felt in political life ranging from the presidency to Beavis and Butthead .
This course examines stupidity .
Which prompted The Huffington Post to ironically complain about its use of hyper - deconstructionist language ( i.e. , excessive use of big words ) :
We honestly do n’t know what ’s funnier the class title or the hyper - deconstructionist language used in the course description .
Only in the bubble of the academy is it acceptable to use these words and phrases : organicity , postmodern discourse , Beevis and Butthead .
Even more ironic is an article in the British media that talks about the class :
It is not necessarily the case that people are becoming more stupid , Professor Griffin said , notwithstanding , he added , the incompetence evidenced in the national response to Hurricane Katrina , the Iraq war , the wilful ignorance that led to the global economic crisis , celebrity magazines and reality TV .
Instead , Professor Griffin likens the rising awareness of stupidity to the increasing consciousness of autism .
It is not that there is more of it ; it is just that there are more ways to discern it .
Indeed , 40 books have been written on Stupidity in the last decade , and many of them specifically on anti-intellectualism in America .
However , Professor Griffin quickly points out :
Issue # 111 • May / June , 2008
Hardcore survivalists cherish what I call the “ George Romero Scenario . ”
It goes like this :
The proverbial poop has hit the propeller .
Cities collapse into chaos .
But we , the prepared , are …well , we ’re prepared .
We hunker in our rural bunkers , clutching our Super Whiz - Whacker 3000 combat arms , eagle - eyed and ready for any eventuality .
We boldly fend off wave after ravenous wave of starving city folk who stagger at us like unstoppable zombies in a Romero horror flick .
These zombies crave not our living flesh , but our six - gallon , mylar - lined superpails of dried lentils , our root cellars full of last year ’s carrots , and our genuine , federally issued Meals Ready to Eat .
Well …maybe .
Seriously , it could happen .
I can laugh about it now only because I spent so many years envisioning it myself .
We buy into the Hollywood - fed lone - wolf image .
Our society is no longer built on everyday trust and neighborly reliance .
The world is full of unfriendly strangers .
If the other guy does n’t take care of himself … well , then to hell with him .
It ’s dog eat dog .
Survival of the fittest .
Us or them !
And it ’s true ; in any major , long - term disaster , prepared people genuinely could face “ zombie ” threats from the desperate unprepared .
But those threats as we shall see further down are likely to take a form that George Romero would n’t find very cinematic .
The fact is , for most of us rural people , one of the biggest things we ’re going to face in event of a major or minor disaster is this : a need to cooperate with others who are in the same boat and who share similar privations .
Other people are not the enemy .
They may be our lifeline and we theirs .
We need a circle of well - prepared friends more than we ’re likely to need a .50 cal long - range scoped rifle with a muzzle brake that has “ Have a nice day ” carved into it .
Making connections
Here ’s a preparedness truth we should all tattoo on our minds :
No matter how well prepared we think we are , we will lack something .
It may be something obvious .
It may be something obscure .
It may be something we forgot to prepare for .
It may be something we had that got lost , damaged , or used up .
But we will lack something .
My isolated corner of the world got hit with a horrific windstorm a few months ago .
Nothing moved or functioned for days afterward .
Every one of my off - grid neighbors ran out of gasoline for their generators and chain saws .
A friend of mine once needed to administer first aid following an earthquake .
When he opened his recently store - bought first - aid kit , he discovered that items in it were years beyond their expiration dates and that liquids had leaked all over the bandages and dried into a disgusting crust .
After the big windstorm I smacked into a different kind of problem .
Physically I was fine .
I had heat , food , shelter , and safety .
But emotional numbness made it hard to make decisions .
If not for a resourceful neighbor who offered to trade his chainsaw and fence - repair skills for the remnants of my damaged yurt , I might still be sitting here staring stupidly at storm wreckage .
I lacked something I could not buy .
The government would ask us to turn to them when our own preparedness fails .
But waiting for FEMA or the National Guard delays help .
Telling us to wait tells us to be passive .
It tells us to rely on “ experts ” and outsiders .
That ’s exactly what we do n’t need when everything suddenly goes to hell on us .
The government asks us to behave like dependent children at exactly the moment our best adult skills are demanded of us .
I was lucky to have a hardworking young neighbor to trade with .
But it was luck .
Well , not 100 percent luck .
I was smart enough to live in a community with a strong ethic of mutual help .
Smart enough to have the kind of friends who carry chainsaws in their trucks .
Yet it was luck for the whole community that the gas stations started functioning just a few days later .
Luck that the grocery store did n’t run out of food .
Luck that very few people were injured .
And this is the kind of luck we simply can’t count on .
We need to start preparing to count on each other .
We need to get together with neighbors and friends and enhance each other ’s preparedness not out of altruism , but out of pure practicality .
We need to do it so that we ’ll all be better off in a crunch .
What are some of the specific things we might do ?
Well , obviously , we do n’t go off and tell just anybody , “ Hey , here ’s where I keep my year ’s supply of # 10 cans , and by the way , my silver coins are buried fifty paces southwest of the old oak tree .
Now show me yours . ”
We can start simply and emphasize the practical .
If some real disaster has recently struck our area , the aftermath gives us a perfect opportunity to go to our neighbors and do a mutual reality check .
What did we run out of ?
What could we have used ?
Where did we screw up ?
What could we do differently next time ?
Without ever appearing to organize any sort of “ mutual preparedness league ” we can start coming to agreements : I can store extra gasoline for you in my shed ( with a dose of Sta - Bil , of course ) .
Since you have better first - aid skills , can you help me build up a better medical kit ?
If your area has basked in sunshine and prosperity with no disasters in near memory , this is still a good time to approach neighbors because so many people are worried about the state of the larger world .
They ’re worried about climate change bringing stronger and more frequent storms .
They ’re worried about fuel shortages .
They ’re worried that the economy might collapse .
Worried that some politician will make one too many stupid decisions and bring war and terror on our heads .
So the opening is there to talk about preparedness .
( And really , stick to preparedness ; try not to spend too much time ranting about political idiocy or vast global conspiracies no matter how large such things loom .
The idea is to do something practical on a neighborhood level , not rehash what ’s being done in Washington , DC , or Davos , Switzerland . )
Without fanfare , we can start practicing mutual preparedness .
Instead of selling your farm - fresh eggs , produce , honey , or meat to your neighbor , start seeing what that neighbor might have to barter for them .
Barter could be more useful than money in a serious disaster , plus bartering gives you a better chance to gauge each other .
Get involved in a food co-op or create one of your own .
If your neighbors are n’t receptive to the notion of disaster preparedness , they may be open to the idea of organically grown crops , hormone - free meats , or bulk food purchases on a budget .
The end result is the same : you establish a cooperative network based on one of the chief elements of preparedness : food .
If somebody in your circle has a pick - up truck and others do n’t , the truck owner can offer to transport group purchases of preparedness goods for a small fee or , again , for barter .
We can sign up for and commute to skill - building classes together , whether that means auto maintenance , home canning , or defensive shotgun use .
Staying motivated is always easier when we ’re committed to somebody else , as well as to the activity .
Start consciously offering to do things for your neighbors and asking them to do things for you even if you can actually take care of everything yourself .
It ’s a good way of getting to know each other ’s skills , and learning whom you can trust and whether you yourself are trustworthy .
If somebody close to you feels unable to prepare for disaster , see how you can change that not by badgering , but by helpfulness and gentle persuasion .
People may say they ’re too poor , too unskilled , or just not interested .
But just as everybody is vulnerable to some form of catastrophe , so virtually everybody can make some level of preparation even if it ’s only buying a Coleman lantern at a garage sale or laying in a case of mac & cheese .
And speaking of garage sales … there ’s another way to make preparedness mutual without turning it into a big wing - nut project .
Make a regular Saturday morning adventure out of going garage saling with people you see as your most important “ preparedness buddies . ”
Enjoy the challenge of hunting for old camp stoves , propane heaters , tents , gear packs , tools , how - to books , and anything else that might enhance preparedness .
Doing this not only improves your own preparedness , it yields emergency barter goods or goods that you can give away at need to close friends .
Doing it with others makes it more fun and helps cement bonds .
makes it more fun and helps cement bonds .
With those you most trust , talk openly about others in your neighborhood or your circle of acquaintances who might present the biggest problems in crunch time those who will be clueless about fending for themselves .
Those potential problem people might be innocentold ladies , disabled people , or families with small children and precarious finances .
On the other hand , those potential problem people might be real troublemakers known thieves or chronic freeloaders .
The mention of troublemakers takes us back full circle to the George Romero scenario .
Our own private zombies
Yes , back to those “ zombie ” attacks .
It ’s true they can happen .
But in anything less than a total “ collapse of civilization as we know it ” scenario , the zombies are likely to be fewer in number and come from our own families or neighborhoods .
They are likely to be the chronically unprepared .
Or the local sociopaths .
Or maybe even the codgers whose Social Security checks did n’t arrive ( and who could n’t have cashed or spent them if they did arrive because nothing is functioning ) .
Case in point : I have an enviably well - prepared friend .
Call him Bob .
He has a ne ’er - do - well , completely unprepared brother .
For years
Bob urged lazy bro at least to lay in a few supplies and build a few skills .
Bro finally looked around and said , “ Hey , do n’t worry about it .
If anything goes wrong , I ’ll just move in with you . ”
It was one of those “ sounds like a joke but really is n’t ” remarks .
But it woke Bob up .
“ It ’s easy , ” he says , “ maybe it ’s even satisfying , to imagine that if a freeloading relative shows up at your door in hard times , you ’d send him packing .
But I realized I would n’t .
Blood ties , family pressure perhaps even just the need to have another person to defend my home ; for whatever reason , I knew that if it came down to it , I ’d have to take my brother in . ”
In other cases , the “ zombies ” may be good people caught unawares .
Case in point :
My friend Samantha lives on a hill above a tsunami zone .
Shortly after the national wake - up call of Hurricane Katrina , Samantha received a state government brochure outlining tsunami evacuation routes for her area .
“ I was n’t at all surprised , ” she told me , “ to see my road designated as one of the escape routes .
That was a no - brainer .
But I was flabbergasted dumbstruck knocked over by a feather to see a big red “ ASSEMBLY AREA ” marked on the map right next to my house . ”
Samantha went outside and looked around , just in case she ’d missed something in the last 10 years .
Nope , she remembered right .
There was no “ assembly area . ”
No park , no parking lot , no meadow , no shelter .
There was n’t even a wide spot in the road .
Nothing but steep , ruggedly wooded hills .
The only flat spot was …Samantha ’s front yard .
Samantha goes on , “ Making my property an ‘ assembly area ’ was probably the work of some bureaucrat inside a windowless building 200 miles from here .
That person did n’t even know or care what the terrain was like or whether anybody lived here .
But the consequence is that I ’ve been designated to play host . ”
Samantha , who is well armed , considered the George Romero scenario .
She mulled alternatives like opening her gate only for those who arrive with their own emergency kits while holding others off with a gun .
“ But I knew that was n’t likely to work .
And besides , I knew that I personally could n’t do it .
If the disaster ever happens , these will be my neighbors rushing up this road , looking for a place to wait out the catastrophe .
They ’ll be members of my community .
Of course I ’m going to let them in .
I ’d expect them to do the same for me if the situation were reversed . ”
The solution for both Bob and Samantha ?
Stretch the budget a little further .
Lay in a little extra .
Should the infamous excrement ever impact the airfoil , Bob will have the satisfaction of making his ne ’er - do - well brother do night - time guard duty and hand - grind wheat berries .
Samantha will hand each refugee a few cans of beans ( bought cheap at a fall canned - goods sale ) and tell them , “ Eat ’em cold and make ’em last until the Red Cross gets here . ”
Of course it ’s possible that you might have to use your Super Whiz - Whacker 3000  or grandpa ’s old Mossbergagainst the dreaded “ zombies . ”
But if so , chances are that those zombies will live a mile from your house , rather than be refugees fleeing a city 50 miles away .
In that case , again , your neighbors can be a godsend as you watch over each others ’ property and share mutual awareness of threats .
Samantha ’s also right that the shoe can easily be on the other foot .
The best prepared can be forced into dependency .
All you have to do is look at the homeowners of New Orleans who were adequately stocked and ready to stay and protect their houses when Hurricane Katrina struck .
How many of them were driven out by floodwaters or forced to leave everything behind by the “ I ’m from the government and I ’ll help you whether you want help or not ” crowd ?
Many went from being prepared to being vulnerable refugees at the point of a gunand they could n’t shoot back because the raiding gunmen wore badges .
So if things go really wrong , those dreaded Others of Romero Scenario fame may not be mindless , desperate zombies escaping urban hell .
They may , depending on the fates , be us .
And the best way we can ensure otherwise is to turn to those much - better - known Others , our friends and neighbors the people who can help us out or , if need be , take us in .
1 ) I love Chicago , but Rio is the best choice overall .
Probably better for most people in Chicago ( I speak from having lived through the ramp - up to the Beijing Olympics these past few years ) , although some of them may not feel that way right now .
Certainly better for the whole spirit of the Games .
The US has had a lot of Olympics ; no country in South America has had any .
I think that these events feel more special , and get a better all - out push from the host country , when they represent some kind of inclusive " first ever " achievement .
Japan marked its post - WW II recovery as before and after its 1964 Olympic games .
South Korea in 1988 and China in 2008 used their host role , in different ways , as big national milestones .
Athens in 2004 , too , had some kind of closing - the - circle fulfillment in bringing the games back to their original home .
Whereas for Los Angeles in 1984 , Atlanta in 1996 , and I assume London three years from now , the Olympics are mainly big logistics challenges to be coped with and endured .
2 ) Obama was in a no-win situation about his personal lobbying .
The other candidate chiefs of state had also made personal pitches .
If he had n't made the trip and Chicago lost , you can imagine today 's right - wing theme being : he did n't care enough about his country even to try .
( Probably because it 's not really his country .
Now , if Kenya had been a finalist ... )
Since he did make the trip , the theme is : what a loser .
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Canada ’s main telecom regulator said on Wednesday it will let Internet service providers slow or “ throttle ” traffic such as file - sharing that the companies say threatens to overwhelm their networks -- but only as a last resort .
A generic picture of a woman working in an office sitting at her desk typing on a computer .
Canada 's main telecom regulator said on Wednesday it will let Internet service providers slow or " throttle " traffic such as file - sharing that the companies say threatens to overwhelm their networks -- but only as a last resort .
REUTERS / Catherine Benson
Providers such as BCE and others should first rely on “ economic measures , ” such as limits on how much bandwidth a subscriber can use per month depending on how much they pay , the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission said .
That approach to managing online traffic is the most transparent because its impact turns up on monthly bills paid by customers , the CRTC said in a long - awaited ruling on the issue , which has angered many Internet users .
“ Technical means to manage traffic , such as traffic shaping , should only be employed as a last resort , ” the CRTC said in a statement .
The common practice of “ traffic shaping ” is also known as “ throttling . ”
It basically involves a service provider slowing down some Web activity on its network .
File swappers , for instance , often exchange large , bandwidth - intensive music or movie files .
Internet service providers have argued this chokes their networks to the detriment of other users .
BCE said in a statement that it thinks the decision is a good one and that its “ existing Internet traffic management practices are already compliant with it . ”
Michael Hennessy , senior vice - president of regulatory and government affairs at Telus Corp , said the communications company doe not currently throttle traffic .
However , it does employ some general caps on bandwidth usage .
“ There are growing concerns about congestion , ” he said , adding the CRTC ’s decision is “ very good and very fair ” , and that continued network investments and consumption - based pricing are among ways to address heavy traffic volumes .
The CRTC also said Internet service providers will have to give retail consumers at least 30 days ’ notice and wholesale consumers at least 60 days ’ notice before a change in traffic management takes effect .
“ I ’ve been doing some template metaprogramming lately , ” he said nonchallantly .
Why is it funny ?
Because template metaprogramming is considered really hard .
I mean , über - guru - level hard .
I ’m lucky to be friends with two such gurus , Andrei Alexandrescu who wrote the seminal “ Modern C++ Programming , ” and Eric Niebler , who implemented the Xpressive library for Boost ; so I know the horrors .
But why is template metaprogramming so hard ?
Big part of it is that C++ templates are rather ill suited for metaprogramming , to put it mildly .
They are fine for simple tasks like parameterized containers and some generic algorithms , but not for operations on types or lists of types .
To make things worse , C++ does n’t provide a lot in terms of reflection , so even such simple tasks like deciding whether a given type is a pointer are hard ( see the example later ) .
Granted , C++0 x offers some improvements , like template parameter packs ; but guru - level creds are still required .
So , I ’ve been doing some template metaprogramming lately … in D .
The D programming language does n’t have the baggage of compatibility with previous botched attempts , so it makes many things considerably easier on programmers .
But before I get to it , I ’d like to talk a little about the connection between generic programming and functional programming , give a short intro to functional programming ; and then show some examples in C++ and D that involve pattern matching and type lists .
It ’s not your father ’s language
The key to understanding metaprogramming is to realize that it ’s done in a different language than the rest of your program .
Both in C++ and D you use a form of functional language for that purpose .
First of all , no mutation !
If you pass a list of types to a template , it wo n’t be able to append another type to it .
It will have to create a completely new list using the old list and the new type as raw materials .
Frankly , I do n’t know why mutation should be disallowed at compile time ( all template calculations are done at compile time ) .
In fact , for templates that are used in D mixins , I proposed not to invent a new language but to use a subset of D that included mutation .
It worked just fine and made mixins much easier to use ( for an example , see my DrDobbs article ) .
Once you disallow mutation , you ’re pretty much stuck with functional paradigm .
For instance , you ca n’t have loops , which require a mutable loop counter or some other mutable state , so you have to use recursion .
You ’d think functional programmers would love template metaprogramming ; except that they flip over horrendous syntax of C++ templates .
The one thing going for functional programming is that it ’s easy to define and implement .
You can describe typeless lambda calculus with just a few formulas in operational semantics .
One thing is important though : meta - language ca n’t be strongly typed , because a strongly typed language requires another language to implement generic algorithms on top of it .
So to terminate the succession of meta - meta - meta … languages there ’s a need for either a typeless , or at least dynamically - typed , top - level meta - language .
My suspicion is that C++0 x concepts failed so miserably because they dragged the metalanguage in the direction of strong typing .
The nails in the coffin for C++ concepts were concept maps , the moral equivalent of implicit conversions in strongly - typed languages .
Templates are still not totally typeless .
They distinguish between type arguments ( introduced by typename or class in C++ ) , template template arguments , and typed template arguments .
Here ’s an example that shows all three kinds :
template < class T , template < class X > class F , int n>
Functional Programming in a Nutshell
“ Functions operating on functions ” – that ’s the gist of functional programming .
The rest is syntactic sugar .
Some of this sugar is very important .
For instance , you want to have built - in integers and lists for data types , and pattern matching for dispatching .
- Functions
Here ’s a very simple compile - time function in the C++ template language :
template < class T> struct Is Ptr { static const bool apply = false ; }
If it does n’t look much like a function to you , here it is in more normal ad - hoc notation :
IsPtr( T ) { return false ; }
You can “ execute ” or “ call ” this meta- function by instantiating the template IsPtr with a type argument and accessing its member apply :
Is Ptr<int >:: apply ;
There is nothing magical about “ apply ” , you can call it anything ( “ result ” or “ value ” are other popular identifiers ) .
This particular meta-function returns a Boolean , but any compile - time constant may be returned .
What ’s more important , any type or a template may be returned .
But let ’s not get ahead of ourselves .
- Pattern matching
You might be wondering what the use is for a function ( I ’ll be dropping the “ meta - ” prefix in what follows ) that always returns false and is called IsPtr .
Enter the next weapon in the arsenal of functional programmers : pattern matching .
What we need here is to be able to match function arguments to different patterns and execute different code depending on the match .
In particular , we ’d like to return a different value , true , for T matching the pattern T* .
In the C++ metalanguage this is done by partial template specialization .
It ’s enough to define another template of the same name that matches a more specialized pattern , T* :
template < class T> struct IsPtr <T*> { static const bool apply = true ; }
When faced with the call ,
IsPtr<int*>:: apply
the compiler will first look for specializations of the template IsPtr , starting with the most specialized one .
In our case , the argument int* matches the pattern T* so the version returning true will be instantiated .
Accessing the apply member of this instantiation will result in the Boolean value true , which is exactly what we wanted .
Let me rewrite this example using less obfuscated syntax .
IsPtr ( T*) { return true ; } IsPtr ( T ) { // default case return false ; }
D template syntax is slightly less complex than that of C ++.
The above example will read :
template IsPtr( T ) { static if ( is ( T dummy : U* , U ) ) enum Is Ptr = true ; else enum IsPtr = false ; } // Compile - time tests static assert ( Is Ptr !( int* ) ) ; static assert ( !
IsPtr !( int ) ) ;
As you can see , D offers compile - time if statements and more general pattern matching .
The syntax of pattern matching is not as clear as it could be ( what ’s with the dummy ? ) , but it ’s more flexible .
Compile - time constants are declared as enum s .
There is one little trick ( a hack ? ) that makes the syntax of “ function call ” a little cleaner .
If , inside the template , you define a member of the same name as the template itself ( I call it the “ eponymous ” member ) than you do n’t have to use the “ apply ” syntax .
The “ call ” looks more like a call , except for the exclamation mark before the argument list ( a D tradeoff for not using angle brackets ) .
You ’ll see later how the eponymous trick fails for more complex cases .
- Lists
The fundamental data structure in all functional languages is a list .
Lists are very easy to operate upon using recursive algorithms and , as it turns out , they can be used to define arbitrarily complex data structures .
No wonder C++0 x felt obliged to introduce a compile - time type list as a primitive .
It ’s called a template parameter pack and the new syntax is :
template < class ...
T> Foo
You can instantiate such a template with zero arguments ,
Foo <>
one argument ,
Foo<int >
or more arguments ,
Foo<int , char* , void *>
How do you iterate over a type list ?
Well , there is no iteration in the metalanguge so the best you can do is to use recursion .
To do that , you have to be able to separate the head of the list from its tail .
Then you perform the action on the head and call yourself recursively with the tail .
The head / tail separation is done using pattern matching .
Let me demonstrate a simple example from the paper Variadic Templates by Garry Powell et al .
It calculates the length of a pack using recursion .
First , the basic case –length - zero list :
template <> struct count <> { static const int value = 0 ; }
That is the full specialization of a template , so it will be tried first .
Here ’s the general case :
template < typename Head , typename ... Tail > struct count < Head , Tail ...> { static const int value = 1 + count < Tail ...>:: value ; }
Let ’s see what it would look like in “ normal ” notation :
count ( ) { return 0 ; } count ( head , tail ) { return 1 + count ( tail ) ; }
And here ’s the D version :
template count ( T... ) { static if ( T.length == 0 ) enum count = 0 ; else enum count = 1 + count ! ( T[ 1.. $ ] ) ; } // tests static assert ( count ! ( ) == 0 ) ; static assert ( count !( int , char* , char [ ] ) == 3 ) ;
T… denotes a type tuple , which supports array - like access .
To get to the tail of the list , D uses array slicing , where T [ 1..$ ] denotes the slice of the array starting from index 1 up to the length of the array ( denoted by the dollar sign ) .
I ’ll explain the important differences between C++ pack and D tuple ( including pack expansion ) in the next installment .
Conclusion
When looked upon from the functional perspective , template metaprogramming does n’t look as intimidating as it it seems at first .
Knowing this interpretation makes you wonder if there is n’t a better syntax or even a better paradigm for metaprogramming .
I ’ll discuss more interesting parts of template metaprogramming in the next installment ( this one is getting too big already ) .
In particular , I ’ll show examples of higher order meta-functions like Filter or Not and some interesting tricks with type lists .
Update : The Reid / Baucus proposal is to extend the tax credit and phase it out over 2010 .
The credit would be $ 8,000 through the end of Q1 2010 , and decline $ 2,000 per quarter after that ... ( $ 6,000 in Q2 , $ 4,000 in Q3 , $ 2,000 in Q4 2010 )
From Bloomberg : Housing Tax Credit Probably Wo n’t Be Extended in U.S. , ISI Says
“ There could be an agreement reached as early today on the Reid / Baucus amendment that would PHASE OUT ( not extend , as we originally understood when the idea was first proposed last week ) the home buyer tax credit , ” ISI analysts said in the note .
We should know more soon .
Most economists oppose an extension of the tax credit because it is poorly targeted , very expensive per additional home sold , there was little job creation , fraud was widespread , and there are many serious unintended consequences .
( a) Medical screening requirement
In the case of a hospital that has a hospital emergency department , if any individual ( whether or not eligible for benefits under this subchapter ) comes to the emergency department and a request is made on the individual ’s behalf for examination or treatment for a medical condition , the hospital must provide for an appropriate medical screening examination within the capability of the hospital ’s emergency department , including ancillary services routinely available to the emergency department , to determine whether or not an emergency medical condition ( within the meaning of subsection ( e ) ( 1 ) ) exists .
( b) Necessary stabilizing treatment for emergency medical conditions and labor ( 1 ) In general If any individual ( whether or not eligible for benefits under this subchapter ) comes to a hospital and the hospital determines that the individual has an emergency medical condition , the hospital must provide either — ( A ) within the staff and facilities available at the hospital , for such further medical examination and such treatment as may be required to stabilize the medical condition , or ( B ) for transfer of the individual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection ( c ) . ( 2 ) Refusal to consent to treatment A hospital is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) with respect to an individual if the hospital offers the individual the further medical examination and treatment described in that paragraph and informs the individual ( or a person acting on the individual ’s behalf ) of the risks and benefits to the individual of such examination and treatment , but the individual ( or a person acting on the individual ’s behalf ) refuses to consent to the examination and treatment .
The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the individual ’s ( or person ’ s ) written informed consent to refuse such examination and treatment .
( 3 ) Refusal to consent to transfer A hospital is deemed to meet the requirement of paragraph ( 1 ) with respect to an individual if the hospital offers to transfer the individual to another medical facility in accordance with subsection ( c ) and informs the individual ( or a person acting on the individual ’s behalf ) of the risks and benefits to the individual of such transfer , but the individual ( or a person acting on the individual ’s behalf ) refuses to consent to the transfer .
The hospital shall take all reasonable steps to secure the individual ’s ( or person ’ s ) written informed consent to refuse such transfer .
( c ) Restricting transfers until individual stabilized ( 1 ) Rule
If an individual at a hospital has an emergency medical condition which has not been stabilized ( within the meaning of subsection ( e ) ( 3 ) ( B ) ) , the hospital may not transfer the individual unless — ( A ) ( i ) the individual ( or a legally responsible person acting on the individual ’s behalf ) after being informed of the hospital ’s obligations under this section and of the risk of transfer , in writing requests transfer to another medical facility , ( ii ) a physician ( within the meaning of section 1395 x ( r ) ( 1 ) of this title ) has signed a certification that based upon the information available at the time of transfer , the medical benefits reasonably expected from the provision of appropriate medical treatment at another medical facility outweigh the increased risks to the individual and , in the case of labor , to the unborn child from effecting the transfer , or ( iii ) if a physician is not physically present in the emergency department at the time an individual is transferred , a qualified medical person ( as defined by the Secretary in regulations ) has signed a certification described in clause ( ii ) after a physician ( as defined in section 1395 x ( r ) ( 1 ) of this title ) , in consultation with the person , has made the determination described in such clause , and subsequently countersigns the certification ; and ( B ) the transfer is an appropriate transfer ( within the meaning of paragraph ( 2 ) ) to that facility .
A certification described in clause ( ii ) or ( iii ) of subparagraph ( A ) shall include a summary of the risks and benefits upon which the certification is based .
( 2 ) Appropriate transfer
An appropriate transfer to a medical facility is a transfer — ( A ) in which the transferring hospital provides the medical treatment within its capacity which minimizes the risks to the individual ’s health and , in the case of a woman in labor , the health of the unborn child ; ( B ) in which the receiving facility — ( i ) has available space and qualified personnel for the treatment of the individual , and ( ii ) has agreed to accept transfer of the individual and to provide appropriate medical treatment ; ( C ) in which the transferring hospital sends to the receiving facility all medical records ( or copies thereof ) , related to the emergency condition for which the individual has presented , available at the time of the transfer , including records related to the individual ’s emergency medical condition , observations of signs or symptoms , preliminary diagnosis , treatment provided , results of any tests and the informed written consent or certification ( or copy thereof ) provided under paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) , and the name and address of any on - call physician ( described in subsection ( d ) ( 1 ) ( C ) ) who has refused or failed to appear within a reasonable time to provide necessary stabilizing treatment ; ( D ) in which the transfer is effected through qualified personnel and transportation equipment , as required including the use of necessary and medically appropriate life support measures during the transfer ; and ( E ) which meets such other requirements as the Secretary may find necessary in the interest of the health and safety of individuals transferred .
( d) Enforcement ( 1 ) Civil money penalties ( A ) A participating hospital that negligently violates a requirement of this section is subject to a civil money penalty of not more than $ 50,000 ( or not more than $ 25,000 in the case of a hospital with less than 100 beds ) for each such violation .
The provisions of section 1320 a – 7a of this title ( other than subsections ( a ) and ( b ) ) shall apply to a civil money penalty under this subparagraph in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to a penalty or proceeding under section 1320 a – 7a ( a ) of this title .
( B ) Subject to subparagraph ( C ) , any physician who is responsible for the examination , treatment , or transfer of an individual in a participating hospital , including a physician on - call for the care of such an individual , and who negligently violates a requirement of this section , including a physician who — ( i ) signs a certification under subsection ( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) that the medical benefits reasonably to be expected from a transfer to another facility outweigh the risks associated with the transfer , if the physician knew or should have known that the benefits did not outweigh the risks , or ( ii ) misrepresents an individual ’s condition or other information , including a hospital ’s obligations under this section , is subject to a civil money penalty of not more than $ 50,000 for each such violation and , if the violation is gross and flagrant or is repeated , to exclusion from participation in this subchapter and State health care programs .
The provisions of section 1320 a – 7a of this title ( other than the first and second sentences of subsection ( a ) and subsection ( b ) ) shall apply to a civil money penalty and exclusion under this subparagraph in the same manner as such provisions apply with respect to a penalty , exclusion , or proceeding under section 1320 a – 7a ( a ) of this title .
( C ) If , after an initial examination , a physician determines that the individual requires the services of a physician listed by the hospital on its list of on - call physicians ( required to be maintained under section 1395 c c ( a ) ( 1 ) ( I ) of this title ) and notifies the on - call physician and the on - call physician fails or refuses to appear within a reasonable period of time , and the physician orders the transfer of the individual because the physician determines that without the services of the on - call physician the benefits of transfer outweigh the risks of transfer , the physician authorizing the transfer shall not be subject to a penalty under subparagraph ( B ) .
However , the previous sentence shall not apply to the hospital or to the on - call physician who failed or refused to appear .
( 2 ) Civil enforcement ( A ) Personal harm
Any individual who suffers personal harm as a direct result of a participating hospital ’s violation of a requirement of this section may , in a civil action against the participating hospital , obtain those damages available for personal injury under the law of the State in which the hospital is located , and such equitable relief as is appropriate .
( B ) Financial loss to other medical facility
Any medical facility that suffers a financial loss as a direct result of a participating hospital ’s violation of a requirement of this section may , in a civil action against the participating hospital , obtain those damages available for financial loss , under the law of the State in which the hospital is located , and such equitable relief as is appropriate .
( C ) Limitations on actions
No action may be brought under this paragraph more than two years after the date of the violation with respect to which the action is brought .
( 3 ) Consultation with quality improvement organizations
In considering allegations of violations of the requirements of this section in imposing sanctions under paragraph ( 1 ) or in terminating a hospital ’s participation under this subchapter , the Secretary shall request the appropriate quality improvement organization ( with a contract under part B of subchapter XI ) to assess whether the individual involved had an emergency medical condition which had not been stabilized , and provide a report on its findings .
Except in the case in which a delay would jeopardize the health or safety of individuals , the Secretary shall request such a review before effecting a sanction under paragraph ( 1 ) and shall provide a period of at least 60 days for such review .
Except in the case in which a delay would jeopardize the health or safety of individuals , the Secretary shall also request such a review before making a compliance determination as part of the process of terminating a hospital ’ s participation under this subchapter for violations related to the appropriateness of a medical screening examination , stabilizing treatment , or an appropriate transfer as required by this section , and shall provide a period of 5 days for such review .
The Secretary shall provide a copy of the organization ’s report to the hospital or physician consistent with confidentiality requirements imposed on the organization under such part B. ( 4 ) Notice upon closing an investigation The Secretary shall establish a procedure to notify hospitals and physicians when an investigation under this section is closed .
( e ) Definitions
In this section : ( 1 ) The term “ emergency medical condition ” means — ( A ) a medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity ( including severe pain ) such that the absence of immediate medical attention could reasonably be expected to result in — ( i ) placing the health of the individual ( or , with respect to a pregnant woman , the health of the woman or her unborn child ) in serious jeopardy , ( ii ) serious impairment to bodily functions , or ( iii ) serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part ; or ( B ) with respect to a pregnant woman who is having contractions — ( i ) that there is inadequate time to effect a safe transfer to another hospital before delivery , or ( ii ) that transfer may pose a threat to the health or safety of the woman or the unborn child .
( 2 ) The term “ participating hospital ” means a hospital that has entered into a provider agreement under section 1395 cc of this title .
( 3 ) ( A ) The term “ to stabilize ” means , with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) , to provide such medical treatment of the condition as may be necessary to assure , within reasonable medical probability , that no material deterioration of the condition is likely to result from or occur during the transfer of the individual from a facility , or , with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) , to deliver ( including the placenta ) .
( B ) The term “ stabilized ” means , with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) , that no material deterioration of the condition is likely , within reasonable medical probability , to result from or occur during the transfer of the individual from a facility , or , with respect to an emergency medical condition described in paragraph ( 1 ) ( B ) , that the woman has delivered ( including the placenta ) .
( 4 ) The term “ transfer ” means the movement ( including the discharge ) of an individual outside a hospital ’ s facilities at the direction of any person employed by ( or affiliated or associated , directly or indirectly , with ) the hospital , but does not include such a movement of an individual who ( A ) has been declared dead , or ( B ) leaves the facility without the permission of any such person .
( 5 ) The term “ hospital ” includes a critical access hospital ( as defined in section 1395 x ( mm ) ( 1 ) of this title ) . ( f ) Preemption
The provisions of this section do not preempt any State or local law requirement , except to the extent that the requirement directly conflicts with a requirement of this section .
( g ) Nondiscrimination
A participating hospital that has specialized capabilities or facilities ( such as burn units , shock - trauma units , neonatal intensive care units , or ( with respect to rural areas ) regional referral centers as identified by the Secretary in regulation ) shall not refuse to accept an appropriate transfer of an individual who requires such specialized capabilities or facilities if the hospital has the capacity to treat the individual .
( h)
No delay in examination or treatment A participating hospital may not delay provision of an appropriate medical screening examination required under subsection ( a ) or further medical examination and treatment required under subsection ( b ) in order to inquire about the individual ’s method of payment or insurance status .
( i ) Whistleblower protections
A participating hospital may not penalize or take adverse action against a qualified medical person described in subsection ( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( iii ) or a physician because the person or physician refuses to authorize the transfer of an individual with an emergency medical condition that has not been stabilized or against any hospital employee because the employee reports a violation of a requirement of this section .
( Aug. 14 , 1935 , ch. 531 , title XVIII , § 1867 , as added Pub . L. 99 –272 , title IX , § 9121 ( b ) , , 100 Stat. 164 ; amended Pub. L. 99–509 , title IX , § 9307 ( c ) ( 4 ) , , 100 Stat .
1996 ; Pub. L. 99 –514 , title XVIII , § 1895 ( b ) ( 4 ) , , 100 Stat.
2933 ; Pub. L. 100 –203 , title IV , § 4009 ( a ) ( 1 ) , formerly § 4009 ( a ) ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , , 101 Stat .
1330 –56 , 1330 –57 ; Pub. L. 100 –360 , title IV , § 411 ( b ) ( 8 ) ( A ) ( i ) , , 102 Stat .
772 ; Pub. L. 100 –485 , title VI , § 608(d ) ( 18 ) ( E ) , , 102 Stat . 2419 ; Pub. L. 101–239 , title VI , §§ 6003 ( g ) ( 3 ) ( D ) ( xiv ) , 6211 ( a ) –( h ) , , 103 Stat .
2154 , 2245 –2248 ; Pub .
L. 101–508 , title IV , §§ 4008 ( b ) ( 1 ) –( 3 ) ( A ) , 4207 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( k ) ( 3 ) , formerly 4027 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( k ) ( 3 ) , , 104 Stat .
1388 –44 , 1388 –117 , 1388 –124 , renumbered and amended Pub. L. 103–432 , title I , § 160 ( d ) ( 4 ) , ( 5 ) ( A ) , , 108 Stat .
4444 ; Pub. L. 105–33 , title IV , § 4201 ( c ) ( 1 ) , , 111 Stat. 373 ; Pub. L. 108 –173 , title VII , § 736(a ) ( 14 ) , title IX , § 944 ( b ) , ( c ) ( 1 ) , , 117 Stat .
2355 , 2423 ; Pub. L. 112–40 , title II , § 261( a ) ( 3 ) ( A ) , ( E ) , , 125 Stat. 423 . )
North Korea 's military gets priority over civilians for essential supplies A UN envoy has criticised the rights situation in North Korea as " abysmal " , saying one - third of the country 's population was going hungry needlessly .
The UN envoy for North Korea said the country was not poor and urged it to drop its " military first " policy .
The envoy , Vitit Muntarbhorn , said the UN could help fewer than two million people due to a shortfall in aid .
The shortage was due to international reaction over North Korea 's nuclear and missile tests , he said .
Mr Muntarbhorn said food supplies have also been affected by the state 's efforts to control economic activity , particularly by restricting the role of women .
The Thai human - rights expert who has been UN Special Rapporteur for North Korea since 2004 , was giving his final report to a meeting of UN members .
The exploitation of the ordinary people ... has become the pernicious prerogative of the ruling elite .
Vitit Muntarbhorn
UN rapporteur on North Korea " The human rights situation in the country remains abysmal owing to the repressive nature of the power base : at once cloistered , controlled and callous , " he said .
" While many members of the population are in abject poverty and suffer the prolonged deprivations linked with shortage of food and other necessities , the country itself is endowed with vast mineral resources controlled by the authorities . "
' Hostile forces '
While many North Koreans live " in abject poverty " , Mr Muntarborn added , officials control the country 's vast mineral wealth .
He said food conditions had been improving until the middle of the year - the World Food Programme had access to more of the country than before , and was reaching about six million needy people .
But in mid-2009 , he said , there had been a shortage of international aid .
Economic activity is being limited in North Korea , the UN report says
He said this was influenced by fresh UN sanctions put in place after North Korea tested a second nuclear device in May - following a first test in 2006 .
The WFP could now help fewer than two million people , he said .
Mr Muntarbhorn has not been allowed into North Korea , relying instead on testimony from UN agencies operating in the country , human rights groups and refugees who have fled to South Korea , Japan and Mongolia .
The report argued that the situation had been made more desperate with efforts to extend state control by curtailing economic activity .
Women under the age of 49 are not allowed to trade , it said , and some markets have been closed : this has led to several clashes between female traders and the authorities .
Women have also been forbidden to ride bicycles , a key vehicle for getting to work , and forced to wear skirts rather than trousers , the envoy said .
" The exploitation of the ordinary people " , the rapporteur said , " has become the pernicious prerogative of the ruling elite . "
Mr Muntarbhorn described an atmosphere of repression , dreadful prison conditions and said people were sent to labour camps for things like failing to turn up to work or watching films from South Korea .
North Korea 's deputy UN ambassador Pak Tok - hun said the report was " full of distortion , lies , falsity , devised by hostile forces " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It makes little difference how broad your knowledge is .
One correct investment decision is as valuable as another .
Mr Buffett says that one should only seek a handful of really big ideas in one 's investing career .
The key is to be right when you do decide , not to flutter about spreading yourself thin .
Adopt these fun new updates to universal aphorisms to help improve your life right away !
Old Aphorism :
The early bird gets the worm .
Unless the early bird is , in this case , a mouse , and the worm is a piece of cheese on a mousetrap .
In which case , the early bird , that is , the mouse , gets its head snapped off and dies a bloody , horrible , agonizing death right beside the object of his greatest desire , just staring at it as his life drains out of him , cruelly ironic on top of everything else cruel about it , while the mouse who slept in , that lazy - indolent - hedonistic - probably - drunk - and - stoned - out - of - his - mind - after - a - night - of - partying - with - other - degenerate - mouse - buddies mouse , gets the prize .
Updated New Aphorism :
The slow , lazy , drunk mouse gets the prize .
Old Aphorism :
He who hesitates is lost .
Unless the he who hesitates is , in this case , that same debauched , reprobate , gin-swilling , marijuana - loving mouse , in which case , he who hesitates not only gets the prize but gets to keep his head , part of which he uses to gorge himself mightily to his heart ’s content on a great and delicious hunk of fresh cheese like the gluttonous , good - for - nothing rodent he really is , then relax by the pool afterwards , downing umbrella drinks and suckling primo Columbian smokedogs with some hot bikini - clad women .
Updated New Aphorism :
He who hesitates also gets the prize .
Old Aphorism :
He who has hope has everything .
Unless he who has hope is , in this case , the ‘ hapless ’ first mouse who came across what he thought was going to be Belshazzar ’s Feast , just he and his little friend Hope , plus a big appetite and a whole lot of time and sweet reverie about how delectable and utterly fantastic this was going to taste and how the smell , yes , even the smell of that treasure wafting temptingly into his nostrils like a siren call enticed him beguilingly closer to what he now imagined and believed was going to be his greatest , most memorable– THWACK !
Updated New Aphorism :
He who has hope and nothing else has nothing but hope .
Old Aphorism :
Two heads are better than one .
Unless your names are Roosevelt Greer and Ray Milland , who starred in the B Movie laugher The Thing with Two Heads , in which case , you become a permanent cultural benchmark for laughingstockery .
It ’s probably a better thing after all not to surgical add , or genetically alter , or simply willfully grow , anything at all out of your neck and shoulders in any way , especially a second head that sprouts right beside the original one .
Because there ’s always the problem of finding the right clothes , you see , and clothing store .
For instance , if you ’re a size 48 + man or 14 + woman you ’ve got Big Man or Additionelle , right ?
But there are n’t any Two Headed Men Stores or Two Headed Women Stores or even Uni-Two - Headed - Sex Stores , are there ?
That said , if you happen to be the first mouse in the previous three aphoristic scenarios , you would be thrilled beyond all imagining if you had two heads because right now , one of your heads would be squashed and severed and lifeless and you would be free of The Roosevelt Greer - Ray Milland Physical and Psychological Duality , finally ! , and you ’d also be enjoying Belshazzar ’s Feast all by yourself , gorging yourself to your heart ’s content on a great hunk of fresh cheese , nurturing your inner greedy gorging pig after all with no second head nagging at you or wanting you to share – share , how you grew to hate that word !
– and relaxing by the pool afterwards downing umbrella drinks and suckling primo Columbian smokedogs with some , now that you ’re single - headed and very attractive and appealing again , hot bikini - clad women .
Updated New Aphorism :
One head is better than two and looks better , too .
Old Aphorism :
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
If you ’re the once - two - headed - and - now - one - headed mouse and the absent thing is your old second head , which you thought you never really liked much anyway because , let ’s face it –
[ Aside – you used to say that a lot to your second head – “ Let ’s face it ” – and the two of you would turn your heads and face each other and laugh your heads off .
Ah , good times ! ]
— But no longer .
Let ’s really face it , that second head looked more like Ray Milland than you anyway and acted like him , too , not pleasantly at all , not cultured and suave like you at all , no , more foul and bad - breathed , and the way that head criticized everything so much that events like movie nights , normally a pleasure and a joy , were hell with your second head yelling obscenities at the screen and telling the people around you munching on popcorn to “ shut their stupid - looking single - headed mouths ” and getting you kicked out of every cinema from the Atlantic to the Pacific but , oh , then you ’d kiss and makeup and go to an all - night cafe for espressos and talk and talk and … oh , Jesus , you miss that silly , harmless old lovable second head after all , goddamn it !
You do !
You yell out tortuously , “ The most unkindest cut of all !
And now the good old days are gone forever !
I ’ll miss him , er , me , miss his face , er , my face , er , oh , just … so long , ol ’ buddy .
Here ’s lookin’ at ya… hey wait , no it is n’t !
I ca n’t look at ya anymore !
No! NOOO !! ” … [ breaks down sobbing ]
Updated New Aphorism :
Absence is a kick in the second head .
Bonus New Aphorism :
Ain’t that a kick in the other set of teeth in my other head .
Next week :
The once two - headed mouse moves to Rio and takes up with a Brazilian stripper , writes the autobiography of his second head , and publishes it under the title , Out of Sight , Out of Mind .
For the first time in Australian legal history , a major trial is to be televised .
Dr Jayant Patel will face manslaughter charges in a Brisbane court over his time as a surgeon in Bundaberg .
Four hours north of the Queensland capital , his former patients and anyone who can squeeze into the Bundaberg courthouse will be able to watch a live telecast of the trial .
Ian Fleming , the president of a patient support group that has spent almost five years fighting to have Dr Patel stand trial , has welcomed the initiative .
" I and a lot of others will be going to the televised proceedings and seeing for ourselves what happens in court , " Mr Fleming said .
" It certainly helps a lot of local people to witness the proceedings that would n't be able to go to Brisbane .
I would have preferred to be able to go to Brisbane but the Government has refused to fund us for that . "
In the past , the Queensland Government has paid for members of the patient support group to attend proceedings in Brisbane .
One of those events was a commission of inquiry into Dr Patel 's tenure at the Bundaberg Base Hospital .
Tony Morris QC , who headed the first of two inquiries but was ultimately stood down over a perceived bias , says the decision to beam the trial into the Bundaberg court house is " magnificent " .
" Specific to the Patel case , it had such an impact on the people of Bundaberg that I think it 's hugely important that those people who were affected have the opportunity to see it without having to go to the expense and inconvenience of travelling to Brisbane , " Mr Morris said .
In a general sense , Mr Morris says he supports opening the courts to the public and making proceedings accessible .
He says that could help people better understand the justice system , although he does have some reservations .
" I certainly hope we do n't end up with the situation they have in the United States where criminal trials become media frenzies and you have the lawyers standing on the steps of the courthouse explaining what their tactics and strategies are and that sort of nonsense , " he said .
" I see it very much as an educational step and an opportunity to give people an insight into what happens in a courtroom , not as an opportunity to play out the issues in the trial in a public forum . "
The head of the Australian Councils of Civil Liberties , Terry O'Gorman , says there are widespread concerns about televised trials .
" There 's been a wide - ranging debate in Australia for at least a decade about televising criminal trials , " Mr O'Gorman said .
" Particularly the view of criminal defence lawyers in relation to that debate is that television criminal trials , particularly where the lead - up to the trial has been attended by significant and negative publicity , really magnifies the problem .
" On the other part of the debate , there are some , including the Chief Justice of Western Australia , who do argue for the televising of criminal trials , but his view is by no means the majority one . "
Given the amount of public interest in the Patel case , the proceedings will also be shown in a second room in Brisbane 's courthouse to accommodate a high number of onlookers , and there will also be a separate media room .
The trial is expected to run for three months and more than 150 witnesses will take the stand .
I 've moved !
You should be redirected to my new homepage in Utrecht shortly .
The Governor of the Bank of England launched a stinging attack on the behaviour of the banking industry last night , just hours before a leading economic think - tank prepared to publish figures showing the total bonus payouts to City workers in January will soar to £ 6bn .
Mervyn King described the £ 1 trillion of support given to banks by the taxpayer as " breathtaking " and " unsustainable " .
He said : " To paraphrase a great wartime leader , never in the field of financial endeavour has so much money been owed by so few to so many .
And , one might add , so far with little real reform . "
Mr King argued that banks took huge risks because they knew they would be bailed out and because they were seen as " too big to fail " .
He called for sweeping reforms to the way they are supervised .
His words are poised to re-ignite the row over taxpayers ' support for the sector and the way bankers are paid .
The Centre for Economics and Business Research ( CEBR ) will add fuel to the fire with its figures , which show a rise of 50 per cent in bonuses this year compared to last year 's combined payout of £ 4bn across the industry .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Last week Goldman Sachs , facing mounting political and public heat over its multibillion - dollar bonus pool , cut the proportion of revenues going into it and hired a consultancy specialising in philanthropy to consider a big charitable donation .
But it still paid $ 5.4bn ( £ 3.3 bn ) into the 2009 pool , taking it to $ 16.7 bn for the year to date , after reporting third - quarter profits of $ 3.2bn .
Douglas McWilliams , chief executive of the CEBR , said a lack of competition was enabling banks to amass huge profits , a theme also taken up by Mr King , who was speaking last night to Scottish business organisations in Edinburgh .
Mr McWilliams said : " Banks ' profits have risen very sharply this year , reflecting a lack of competition in the market .
Any attempt to deal with bonuses is likely to be either unsuccessful or very damaging unless it addresses the issue of lack of competition . "
News of the figures provoked outrage among politicians and union leaders amid increasing public anger at the behaviour of banks at a time when unemployment is rising and many people have lost their jobs and their homes .
The TUC general secretary Brendan Barber said : " Bankers ' bonuses might be lower this year than the bumper year of 2007 but a £ 6bn bonus bonanza is still absurd when you consider the depth of the financial crisis their greed and recklessness plunged the world 's economies into .
It 's only as a result of huge taxpayer bailouts that the financial sector has been kept going , yet the banks show no sign of curbing their behaviour . "
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : " This big increase in bonuses does not in any way reflect the particular contribution made by bankers to the economy .
These bonuses are coming from the fact that banks are earning money from substantial government borrowing and are able to earn bigger profits because there is less competition .
What is particularly galling is that all their activities are in turn underwritten by the taxpayer . "
He called on ministers to " stem public outrage " by ending what he called " anti-competitive practices " .
He added that bankers should be forced to pay " their fair share of tax " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The Tories ' shadow Treasury minister Mark Hoban said a future Conservative government would consider using the tax system to crack down on excessive bonus payments : " The support from the taxpayer was there to prop up banks , not bankers ' bank accounts .
We hope the new international rules work .
But , if we find the money that should be going into stronger bank balance sheets is being unreasonably diverted into bigger pay and bonuses , we reserve the right to take further action and that includes using the tax system . "
Reaction from the City was more muted .
Angela Knight , chief executive of the British Bankers ' Association , has already called on people to " move on " from the bonus scandal .
She also said that banks in the UK had agreed to measures to restrain pay after being called in to 11 Downing Street to meet the City minister , Paul Myners .
Ms Knight said : " These estimates are clearly led by the announcements of some US investment banks operating here ; they do not reflect what is happening in the UK banking industry .
In the UK , the banks have signed up to very significant constraints .
There are no indications whatsoever from the UK's banks that they will be paying any bonuses this year under the new criteria . "
David Buik , chief strategist at BGC Partners , the City money broker , also said that bonuses paid out this year would be subject to new constraints , including measures designed to link them to banks ' long - term performance and to enable employers to " claw back " payments if traders subsequently performed badly .
" I understand the anger that is out there and accept that there have been bad practices in the past , " he said .
" But if you want to restore the banks to health and pay back the taxpayers ' investment you have to employ the best people , and that costs money .
This year 's round of bonuses will be paid in an acceptable manner , whereas in the past , perhaps they were not . "
Bonuses are back : Luxury brands see upturn
Luxury businesses are preparing themselves for a welcome major boost in sales as the City expects a 50 per cent rise in bonuses .
Peter Rollings , managing director of Marsh & Parsons estate agents , which markets high - end properties in London , said that " without a doubt " there would be an increase in house sales .
He said : " This is great for us .
Without a doubt [ bankers ' bonuses ] are positively affecting our business .
There are many more buyers in the market already .
Last week we sold a house for 5 per cent higher than top of market in July 2007 .
The asking price was £ 3,500,000 .
This was met with three offers and in the end went for in excess of that price . "
Simon Staples of the wine merchants Berry Bros said that his company normally saw a boost in sales on 12 January each year , when the fine Burgundy wines are released , and that he was already receiving inquiries about that .
" In the last three or four months there has been a huge surge in interest , " he said .
" Nowadays we announce news about wines via Twitter , and through this the equivalent Bordeaux day that coincides with summer bonuses has had a huge amount of interest already . "
A spokesman for the yacht charter company Sunseeker said that business was picking up at the moment , following a good boat show in Southampton in September , and had not slowed since .
And top restaurants will be hoping for a return to the expenses lunch or , at the very least , bonus celebrations bookings .
Xavier Rousset from the luxury Mayfair restaurant Texture said : " In the past few weeks the tasting menus have become very popular , and bankers usually tend to go for more expensive wines . "
Ben Ferguson
Chris Floyd Published : 29 October 2009 Hits : 11153
Ted Rall takes up a theme I 've been sounding here ( and elsewhere ) since November 2001 :
The president of the United States now claims the right and power to arbitrarily designate anyone on earth an " enemy " and have them seized without charges , held indefinitely without trial -- or simply killed outright .
As we 've often reported here , George W. Bush asserted these dread powers by executive order -- and as Rall notes , Barack Obama has not only not rescinded them , he has made energetic use of them , particularly in his death - by - drone assassination program in Pakistan .
As Rall notes :
Simply put , no one man -- not even a nice , articulate , charismatic one -- ought to claim the right to suspend a person 's constitutional rights .
Not in America .
Certainly no one man -- not even a young , handsome , likeable one -- should be able to have anyone he wants whacked .
Even in dictatorships , the right of life and death is reserved for judges and juries operating under a system purportedly designed to support impartiality and a search for the truth .
But that 's not the case here in the United States .
In 2002 Scott Silliman , director of the Center on Law , Ethics and National Security at Duke University asked : " Could you put a Hellfire missile into a car in Washington , D.C. , under [ the Bush ] theory ?
The answer is yes , you could . "
Nothing much has changed since then .
Obama has eliminated the use of the phrase " enemy combatant , " but The New York Times reported that the change is merely meant to " symbolically separate the new administration from Bush detention policies . "
The words may have changed , but Obama attorney general Eric Holder 's definition of who can and cannot be held , said the Times , is " not significantly different from the one used by the Bush administration . "
These days , Obama has ramped up the assassination of political opponents of the U.S. and the U.S. - aligned authoritarian regime in Pakistan , deploying more Predator drone plane attacks than Bush .
But that 's just for now .
Obama could still personally order a government agency to murder you .
Rall 's conclusion is also one that we 've drawn here time and again :
No one seems to give a damn that their own liberties and lives are now forfeit to the whims and agendas of unaccountable leaders wielding vast , almost unimaginable technologies of repression and violence .
A truly extraordinary -- or as Rall puts it , perhaps more accurately , " weird " -- situation .
During the halcyon days of the baseball card boom there were many companies vying for the dollars of collectors and the revenues went through the roof .
The inevitable bust killed some of those companies , Fleer and Score we hardly knew thee , and now Major League Baseball is trying to close out the remaining competition by giving the business exclusively to Topps .
That 's not how they spin it , of course .
They spin it as saying that the way to revitalize the trading card business is by marketing it exclusively to kids , a party line that Topps ' owner Michael Eisner is preaching as well .
" This is redirecting the entire category toward kids , " said Eisner " Topps has been making cards for 60 years , the last 30 in a nonexclusive world that has caused confusion to the kid who walks into a Wal - Mart or a hobby store .
It ’s also been difficult to promote cards as unique and original . "
That 's hogwash on several levels .
Anyone who has ever seen a kid in a candy or toy store knows that they have little issue deciding between things that they like and things that they do n't .
And if they like baseball cards , they 're going to buy baseball cards whether they 're made by Topps , Upper Deck or a cult that believes that Barry Zito is the messiah .
Eisner implies that Topps was selling a superior product , which is a specious claim given that we 're talking about pictures of baseball players on cardboard .
The only way that competition makes it hard to promote your product as unique and original is if your product is not , in fact , unique or original .
If it is neither of those things , then you 've got to eliminate the competition or lose market share .
That has little to nothing to do with kids , who never drove the business anyway .
Sure , there 's a bucolic image of kids with cards in their bicycle spokes being presented , but that 's not what turned baseball cards into a cash cow in the 80's and 90's .
It was adults , speculating on the future prices of cards in the same way as commodities traders speculate on the price of oil .
It screws with the image , but it does wonders for the bottom line and there 's not much chance of Topps recouping their investment solely by selling to kids .
The whole thing smacks of an inside deal between MLB and Eisner , who used to be part of the inner circle as the head of Disney .
Disney , of course , once owned the Angels and owns ESPN , which has given the MLB a lot of cash and exposure over the years .
Topps needs a little help to bolster their bottom line , so old friend Bud Selig helps him out and everybody 's happy .
Upper Deck , the only other big card company , is n't totally finished .
They have a licensing deal with the MLB Players Association , which means they can still sell cards with pictures of big leaguers doing big league things .
They just can't show team logos , which will make for some goofy looking cards .
Hey , that 's unique !
See , Michael , it 's not that hard !
Josh Alper is a writer living in New York City and is a contributor to FanHouse.com and ProFootballTalk.com in addition to his duties for NBCNewYork.com .
This is a picture of a woman who is Halloweening as an actual comic book character .
You know , like the way a woman would look in an oldschool comic -- with the crappy dot printing and all .
Except , in this case , she actually looks pretty good .
Granted not as good as I 'd look as a comic book character , but I 'd draw myself with giant shirt chain - mail ripping muscles and a laser cannon .
Did somebody say dinosaur mount ?
Plus dinosaur mount .
Did you know my handsomeness is actually considered a super power ?
Because it is .
Hit the jump for several shots of the makeup going on .
It 's the Most Wonderul Time of the Year [ charmedtasha ]
Thanks to Blastphemer , who prefers his women 2 - D .
We all want to know what artists do inside their studios .
By the time the work reaches a gallery or a museum , much of the evidence of labour has been smoothed way .
The work looks as if it reached this level of perfection – or charming imperfection – without the intervention of the human hand .
It becomes just another made thing .
Here at sequestered Compton Verney , in the combed wilds of Warwickshire , an intelligent show teeming with paintings , prints and objects from the 17th century onwards pieces together the story of the artist 's studio , how painters and photographers have represented it , how it became , down the centuries , not only a focus of myth and fantasy , but also a cheerful site of social interaction .
As we see in this show , the artist in his studio is often depicted as being alone with himself , making Art emerge , in silence , from his fevered hand .
He surrounds himself with objects – casts of antique sculpture , skulls , prints of other artists in their studios , showing them painting themselves in their studios – and with the aid of these objects , he constructs a kind of imaginative universe for his own and others ' delectation .
It is an entire world unto itself , a solipsist 's delight .
Partially true and partially fancifully untrue , of course .
It is what the artist wants the public to believe about him .
The noble calling .
A priesthood of sorts .
Many Victorian artists are shown here in this way , in paintings and photographs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And yet the miseries of reality , the curse of worldly unsuccess , will intervene to spoil the fun .
Here , for example , is a wonderful early painting by Cézanne , dated 1865 , which shows , at the centre of the painter 's space , a cooking pot , a stove and a giant flue .
The space is so dark that we feel we must grope our way towards it .
It stinks of poverty , hard luck .
In another painting – a Victorian piece that points a moral – a male artist , seated beneath the skylight of his studio , stares down at his empty purse .
The sufferings that go hand in hand with creativity .
A century before that we glimpse a scene from Hogarth 's Studio in 1739 , as shown in E M Ward 's painting of 1865 .
The place is teeming with finely dressed adults and their children .
I counted 15 individual sitters , many of them fashionable bustlers in bustles .
Not to mention the brace of croquet mallets , the giant leather book on the side table , and the enormous painting of that great philanthropist Thomas Coram , reared up for the wonderment of the crowd .
It feels as quietly set apart as Charing Cross Station during the rush hour .
This is quite another insight then .
In the years before most of the great museums and galleries got under way , artists met each other – and their clientele – in their studios .
And now for the less good news .
Frankly , there are problems with the presentation of this show .
For all the excellence of individual objects , it lacks an emotional epicentre .
It feels as if it consists of one damned thing after another .
The show begins in a suite of small and slightly under - lit , if not gloom - inducing , rooms and then it strays , telling its fascinating tale as it goes , through many other rooms of varying sizes .
Then we hike upstairs and find other bits of the exhibition elsewhere .
Finally , we pass through a good part of the permanent collection before we reach its conclusion – which partially destroys our concentration upon the matter in hand .
All rather messily unsatisfactory from a presentational point of view .
But then this problem of presentation has been with Compton Verney right from the start .
Who had the idea , for example , of hiding its wonderful collection of folk art , the jewel of this institution , in some hideaway attic rooms ?
To 13 December ( 01926 645500 )
BOSTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. securities regulators missed “ numerous ” red flags that may have led to Bernard Madoff ’s $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme and never did a “ thorough and competent ” probe despite complaints dating to 1992 , a federal watchdog has concluded .
Bernard Madoff enters the Manhattan federal court house in New York , March 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ’s inspector general said in a blistering report that despite five probes and having caught Madoff in “ lies and misrepresentations , ” the SEC failed to follow up on inconsistencies .
“ Despite numerous credible and detailed complaints , the SEC never properly examined or investigated Madoff ’s trading and never took the necessary , but basic , steps to determine if Madoff was operating a Ponzi scheme , ” Inspector General David Kotz wrote .
Kotz said the SEC ’s “ most egregious ” lapse was its failure to verify Madoff ’s purported trading with any independent third parties , even after it took testimony from Madoff in May 2006 .
Madoff later admitted that he thought it was “ game over ” after testifying to having cleared his trades through the Depository Trust Co , part of the U.S. Federal Reserve , and provided his account number .
He said he was “ astonished ” that the SEC did not follow up .
Kotz quoted one senior - level SEC examiner as saying , “ Clearly , if someone ... has a Ponzi and they ’re stealing money , they ’re not going to hesitate to lie to create records , ” and thus “ some independent third - party verification ” such as through the DTC would be essential .
He said the SEC had made a “ surprising discovery ” earlier this decade that Madoff ’s hedge fund business was making far more money than his better known market - making business , but no one thought this was a “ cause for concern . ”
Madoff pleaded guilty in March to orchestrating the Ponzi scheme , which used money from new investors to pay old ones , He is serving a 150 - year prison term .
Prosecutors have said that Madoff appeared to be rewarding his customers with steady returns , but he was faking their account statements and did not place trades on their behalf .
Kotz said SEC staffers were at times too inexperienced or narrowly focused , and resisted whistle - blowers ’ efforts to expose Madoff .
He said his investigation had not found evidence of improper ties between the SEC and Madoff that interfered with the SEC ’s examination or investigatory work .
And he said he had not found that former SEC Assistant Director Eric Swanson ’s romantic relationship with Madoff ’s niece , Shana Madoff , had influenced the SEC ’s conduct .
A 22 - page summary of the report was released on Wednesday , and posted on the SEC 's websitehere .
The full 450 - page report is expected on Friday .
FAILURE LEADS TO REFORMS
The SEC ’s lapses in dealing with Madoff have prompted the agency to implement reforms , including increased use of subpoenas .
Mary Schapiro , who became SEC chairman after Madoff ’s fraud was uncovered in December 2008 , said in a statement on Wednesday that while the reforms should help , “ the public deserves a full accounting of why the agency did not detect the Madoff scheme . ”
There had been five SEC chairmen between 1992 , when the complaints to the SEC about Madoff started , and Madoff ’s arrest : Richard Breeden , Arthur Levitt , Harvey Pitt , William Donaldson and Christopher Cox .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ There were clearly lapses on the part of the SEC staff , which accounted for the failure to uncover Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme , ” Pitt said in an emailed statement .
“ I had proposed , back in 2003 , a better way to conduct examinations and inspections , and Chairman Schapiro is now in the process of implementing those ideas , which should avoid some of the problems the SEC encountered .
“ What happened in the Madoff situation was a tragedy of enormous proportions , ” Pitt said , “ and no one who cares about the SEC can be anything but saddened by the missed opportunities .
“ But the true test of a regulatory agency is how it responds to a crisis of this sort , and I think Chairman Schapiro is doing an outstanding job of getting the SEC back on the right track , ” Pitt said .
Linda Chatman
Thomsen , the SEC enforcement chief when the Ponzi scheme was uncovered in December 2008 , is now a partner at Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP in Washington , D.C.
She did not return a call seeking comment .
Harry Markopolos , who tried to warn the SEC about Madoff and later testified before Congress about his efforts , was not available for comment .
Rep. Paul Kanjorski , a Pennsylvania Democrat who heads a House subcommittee on capital markets , said the scandal “ highlights the need to adopt new securities laws to reward internal and external whistleblowers . ”
Schapiro observed in her statement that the SEC wanted a way to reward some whistleblowers .
“ We have sought legislation to enable us to compensate whistleblowers for providing substantial evidence of wrongdoing , ” she said .
Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , has scheduled a hearing for September 10 on Kotz ’s findings .
“ We will use this report to learn what went wrong and figure out how best to get things right , ” the Connecticut Democrat said .
Sen .
Charles Grassley , an Iowa Republican , called the report evidence of the SEC ’s “ culture of deference toward the Wall Street elite , ” and said the SEC must be transformed so it can be “ the tough cop - on - the - beat that the public needs . ”
The SEC ’s Schapiro wrote in a letter to Grassley that Kotz ’s report would be redacted only if it might harm an ongoing law enforcement matter .
“ I do hope , however , to safeguard the names of junior staffers who did not play a central role in the examinations or investigations , ” she wrote .
Devotedly Serving All of Georgia Since 1981
Many personal injuries are caused due to the negligence of someone else .
Studstill Firm , LLP represents everyday people suffering from severe physical harm in Valdosta , GA , Nashville , GA , and the surrounding the areas .
When you turn to a trusted Valdosta injury lawyer at our firm , we will tirelessly advocate on your behalf in hopes that you ’re fairly compensated .
Right is right , and wrong is wrong .
More important than the money is the justice you ’re due , requiring the responsible party of your injury to be held accountable by the system .
Have a loved one who wrongfully died at the mercy of someone else ’s actions ?
We ’re here to help .
The Best Local Personal Injury Attorneys for Your Case
Our family - run firm is dedicated to treating our clients like family .
Being reliably accessible is n’t an option when you hire us .
We make ourselves available to quickly address any questions or concerns you might have .
Going above and beyond to provide the best legal services you deserve , our hard working team will leave no stone unturned when fighting for the recovery damages rightfully owed to you .
Whatever we can do to have the upper advantage in your case , will be done .
Let Studstill Firm , LLP evaluate your case .
Contact ( 229 ) 515-8900 today to get started .
( CNN ) -- A 37 - year - old Pennsylvania woman died Sunday after being mauled by her pet black bear , authorities said .
Kelly Ann Walz was attacked when she entered the bear 's cage to feed the 350 - pound animal and clean its cage , according to Pennsylvania State Police .
The bear lived in a 15 - by - 15 - foot steel and concrete enclosure on Walz 's property in Ross Township .
The bear was n't the only unusual animal living on the property , an official with the State Game Commission told CNN affiliate WFMZ - TV .
The homeowner had a permit to keep a Bengal tiger and an African lion , and the property routinely passed inspection and had no violations , he said .
Watch what neighbor saw at victim 's house »
A neighbor shot and killed the bear that attacked the owner , state police said .
An investigation continues .
All About Pets
This should n’t be the image of Hack Day
I love hack days .
I was working in the vicinity of Chad Dickerson when he organised the first internal Yahoo !
Hack Day back in 2005 , and I ’ve since participated in hack day events at Yahoo ! , Global Radio and the Guardian .
I ’ve also been to every one of Yahoo ! ’s Open Hack Day events in London .
They ’re fantastic , and the team that organises them should be applauded .
As such , I care a great deal about the image of hack day — and the videos that emerged from last weekend ’s Taiwan Hack Day are hugely disappointing .
( These are still images from the video — the original has been taken down ) .
Seriously , what the hell ?
I ’ve heard arguments that this kind of thing is culturally acceptable in Taiwan — in fact it may even be expected for technology events , though I ’d love to hear further confirmation .
I do n’t care .
The technology industry has a serious , widely recognised problem attracting female talent .
The ratio of male to female attendants at most conferences I attend is embarassing —
An Event Apart last week in Chicago was a notable and commendable exception .
Our industry is still young .
If we want an all - encompassing technology scene , we need to actively work to cultivate an inclusive environment .
This means a zero tolerance approach to this kind of entertainment .
Booth babes , tequila girls , and scantily clad gyrating women simply set the wrong tone , here or abroad .
Heck , this is n’t just about offending women — many guy geeks I know would be mortified by this kind of thing .
Hack days are a celebration of ingenuity and creativity .
Past US hack days have featured performances from Beck and Girl Talk , both of whom embody the creative spirit of the event .
Sexy dancing girls ?
Not so much .
I ’m not the only one who ’s disappointed .
Caterina Fake :
@ Yahoo , for shame : http://flic.kr/p/78btX1
I ’m frankly disgusted .
Chad Dickerson :
i am * so * disappointed : http://flic.kr/p/78btX1.
remember , a team of women delivered the winning hack at the 1st one : http://bit.ly/FokfF
There was a flurry of activity about this on Twitter yesterday .
I sat on this entry for most of today , partly because writing this kind of thing is really hard but also because I was hoping someone at Yahoo !
would wake up and release some kind of statement .
So far , nothing .
Update ( 1:30 am ) : Chris
Yeh of YDN has responded with an appropriately worded apology .
“ The Obama administration has proven its pledge to usher in a new era of government transparency was more than just a campaign promise , ” CREW Executive Director Melanie Sloan said .
“ The Bush administration fought tooth and nail to keep secret the identities of those who visited the White House .
In contrast , the Obama administration – by putting visitor records on the White House web site – will have the most open White House in history . ”
“ We will achieve our goal of making this administration the most open and transparent administration in history , ” President Obama said in a statement .
“ Americans have a right to know whose voices are being heard . ”
The most striking revelation in CREW ’s analysis of the visitor logs is that Texas “ super- lobbyist ” Stephen Payne made “ 53 different visits [ to the White House ] starting in June 18 , 2001 , and ending on June 13 , 2007 . ”
Blogger Lindsay Beyerstein , wrote last year , “ As you may have heard , Republican fundraiser and lobbyist Stephen Payne was caught on tape offering meetings with Dick Cheney and Condi Rice in exchange for a hefty donation to the George W. Bush presidential library .
…
White House press secretary Dana Perino admitted that Payne has probably met with the president on a number of occasions , but she balked when reporters asked her about visitor logs that might establish how often , citing ‘ lawsuits and stuff . ’ ”
CREW is now able to document those meetings exactly .
“ The newly released records show Mr. Payne visited President Bush on four separate occasions : December 12 , 2001 ; April 2 , 2002 ; May 8 , 2003 ; and December 15 , 2004 .
Mr. Payne ’s White House visits also included visits to Karl Rove on August 6 , 2002 , and December 18 , 2003 .
A separate set of records from visits to the vice president ’s residence shows Mr. Payne attended a holiday reception hosted by the Cheneys on December 10 , 2002 ; an event at the residence on December 14 , 2006 ; and a holiday party hosted by the Cheneys on December 13 , 2007 . ”
The visitor logs also reveal almost 200 visits to the Bush White House by leaders of the religious right , 35 of which were visits with President Bush himself .
The visitors included such familiar names as James Dobson , Gary Bauer , the late Jerry Falwell , and leaders of the Traditional Values Coalition , Concerned Women for America , the Family Research Council , and the American Family Association .
The largest number of vists were from the chairman and the executive director of the Traditional Values Coalition , who between them visited the White House a total of 69 times from 2001 to 2008 , including 8 visits with President Bush .
More ...
Labor - market stress continued to be widespread in September as all but seven states reported job losses last month .
Just New Mexico , Nevada , Utah , Indiana , Delaware , South Carolina and New Hampshire managed to eke out gains in employment in September on a seasonally adjusted basis .
Taking out the seasonal adjustments , which aim to take into account volatile factors such as ending summer jobs , every state posted a decline last month .
On an adjusted basis , New York took the biggest hit with 81,700 jobs lost .
The news looked less dire in the state - by - state unemployment rates .
The jobless rate was flat or declined in 27 states .
Michigan still has the highest unemployment rate by far at 15.3 % , as the state continues to suffer along with American auto manufacturers .
Housing bubble hot zones Nevada , California and Florida still have rates over 10 % , though California ’s rate dropped a bit from August .
North and South Dakota have the lowest jobless rates .
Fifteen states and the District of Columbia have unemployment rates higher than the national average of 9.8 % .
Click Continue Reading for a chart sortable by state , the number of jobs lost in September from August , the percent change of monthly job losses , the September unemployment rate and the percentage point rise or fall from August .
Tanya is the most awesome person in the world , with her beautiful eyes , hair , face and body , also the most sexist person in the world .
Tanya is the fun to be around with and is so funny .
Tanya will never let you down and will do everything she can to help , she is also a person you can trust with everything .
I love you Tanya .
JB
_______________________________________________________________
This ScholarOne Abstracts site is currently unavailable due to scheduled system maintenance .
We anticipate that ScholarOne Abstracts will be back online at 9:00 PM EDT on Wednesday , 30th September .
ScholarOne Abstracts Service Interruption :
Sydney : Thursday , october 1 , 2020 9:00 AEST - 11:00 AEST
Please check back periodically .
If our maintenance is completed prior to this time , we will immediately make ScholarOne available to users .
Enlarge By H. Darr Beiser , USA TODAY Robert Stevens was indicted under a 1999 federal law that bans the sale of depictions of animal cruelty .
He says his videos are educational .
If the Supreme Court upholds the law , he could face time in prison .
WASHINGTON 
The videos show pit bulls fighting hard , biting deep into each other , getting a hold of a shoulder , trying to throw each other to the ground .
The images are gruesome , yet grainy and amateurish .
Upbeat music plays incongruously ; one video includes music from Fiddler on the Roof .
CASE LOG : Major cases on tap for the Supreme Court NEW COURT : Justice bios and the impact of Sotomayor PAW PRINT POSTS :
Is video " too vile " to be protected ?
After federal agents seized the videos advertised by Robert Stevens in a magazine that tracks illegal dogfighting , he was indicted under a federal law that makes it a crime to sell depictions of animal cruelty .
The 1999 law stemmed from congressional worries about " crush " videos , which typically show women pounding their high heels on small animals and sometimes talking in a dominatrix fashion .
O'CONNOR COMMENTS : Current court ' dismantled ' her legacy
In 2005 , Stevens , of Virginia , became the first person to go to trial and be convicted under the law .
His appeal , to be argued before the Supreme Court on Tuesday , has become a major First Amendment test of whether depictions of animal cruelty can be so vile that they are on par with pictures of child pornography and can be banned .
The case pulls the staid high court into the underworld of dogfighting and features a clash of competing societal values : antipathy to animal cruelty vs. the right of free speech .
More broadly , it presents a potentially defining moment for how the court regulates pictures of abhorrent conduct .
Scores of advocacy groups have lined up on each side of United States v. Stevens .
" The stakes here are very high , and extend well beyond the specific context of depictions of animal cruelty , " says Washington and Lee University Law Dean Rodney Smolla , who is in a group of First Amendment scholars on Stevens ' side .
" Our culture is filled with images of repulsive activities and expressions of repulsive ideas , and our free speech tradition stands against ... sending people to jail for it . "
Free - speech advocates such as Smolla say that if the federal government prevails with its arguments that animal - cruelty images can be as bad as child pornography and obscenity , it would be able to ban depictions of any conduct that is illegal or even deemed highly offensive .
Yet groups such as the Humane Society of the United States and American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals stress that the ban on pictures of animal torture lessens the abuse of animals and promotes public morality .
" This is the first case in a long time on animal welfare , " says Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle , adding that the Supreme Court dispute arises at a time of heightened interest in animals .
" Our nation is much more attuned to animals and animal welfare than in 1989 , even in 1999 .
There 's Animal Planet on TV and a surge in publishing on pets . "
Pacelle said there has been a near tripling of ownership of cats and dogs in America since the 1970s , to 165 million domesticated animals today .
The battle over images of animal cruelty comes two years after the prosecution of former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick drew national attention to dogfighting and other types of animal cruelty in the United States .
Vick , now out of prison , joined the Philadelphia Eagles in August .
Dogfighting already is illegal nationwide .
This dispute is not about acts of animal abuse , rather pictures of it .
Justice Department lawyers , defending the law , say commercial videos such as those made by Stevens promote animal abuse itself .
Even so , it has been more than 25 years since the Supreme Court declared a category of speech beyond the reach of the Constitution .
That was in the 1982 case of New York v. Ferber , when the justices ruled that depictions of children engaged in pornographic acts were not protected by the First Amendment .
Law called too broad
In the new case , a lower federal appeals court rejected the Justice Department 's effort to put animal cruelty on similar terms with child pornography , saying , " Preventing cruelty to animals , although an exceedingly worthy goal , simply does not implicate interests of the same magnitude as protecting children from physical and psychological harm . "
The Philadelphia - based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit struck down the law criminalizing videos of animal torture .
Twenty - six states are siding with the federal government in its effort to win reinstatement of Stevens ' conviction .
" Evidence suggests that over the last decade with ( the law ) in place , the market for depictions of animal violence and cruelty has declined significantly , " Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum says on behalf of the states .
McCollum , a former Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives , was among the promoters of the 1999 law .
Stevens ' attorneys say he was wrongly snared by an unconstitutionally broad law .
A longtime pit -bull trainer in Pittsville , in southern Virginia , Stevens ran a business called Dogs of Velvet and Steel and wrote a book of that same name published in 1983 .
Stevens , 69 , declined through his lawyers to be interviewed .
His son , Mike Stevens , said his father was drawn to pit bulls as a breed because " they 're very loyal and playful and lovable creatures .
Their heart is as ferocious as their strength . "
Stevens ' attorneys say he opposes dogfighting and showed matches in his videos only to demonstrate that pit bulls are " courageous and intelligent . "
Federal prosecutors charged him based on three of his videos : Pick - A - Winna , in which Stevens , narrating , invites viewers to guess which pit bull might win a fight ; Japan Pit Fights , which offers a ring - side view of matches in Japan ; and Catch Dogs and Country Living , which showed how pit bulls are used to hunt , attack and subdue hogs and other animals .
In Catch Dogs , upbeat music plays ; the two - hour Pick - A - Winna video includes the instrumental music from Fiddler on the Roof .
Stevens challenged the law 's constitutionality and argued that his videos were educational and of historical value .
One of Stevens ' witnesses at trial said the videos were valuable in documenting dogfighting before it became illegal in the USA .
The trial judge spurned Stevens ' contention that the law was too broadly written , noting that it applied only to depictions of activities that are illegal and depictions that lack societal value .
A jury then rejected Stevens ' defenses about the educational worth of the videos and convicted him on all three counts .
He was sentenced to 37 months in prisonbut has been free during the appeal .
Aware that the activities in the video can generate strong emotions , Stevens ' lead lawyer Patricia Millett opens her argument to the high court by saying , " This case is not about dogfighting or animal cruelty .
...
The question here is more fundamental : whether the government can send an individual to jail for up to five years just for making films — films that are not obscene , pornographic , inflammatory , defamatory or even untruthful . "
' As inhumane as you can get '
The law at the center of the case was spurred by so - called " crush " videos .
The arrest of a Ventura County , Calif. , man who produced a video showing a woman 's heels crushing rats and mice caught the attention of U.S. Rep.
Elton Gallegly , a Republican who represents the area .
In a recent interview , Gallegly said the original focus of the bill was " depictions of women scantily dressed , doing this for sick reasons . "
He said that as he became familiar with the crush videos , he also learned of reports that some of the country 's most notorious murderers had an early history of torturing animals .
He said he was convinced drying up the market for pictures of animal cruelty would discourage the behavior itself .
The Humane Society , which helped push for the law , says that " over 2,000 crush video titles existed " in 1999 , selling for as much as $ 300 apiece , with annual industry sales totaling nearly $ 1 million .
Society President Pacelle says they have no recent sales data on the industry .
" Stopping the profit for the videos stops them from being made in the first place , " Gallegly said .
" This is about as inhumane as you can get , and it leads to so much else .
...
There are n't very many nice people involved in this . "
Among the animal - rights advocates who testified before Congress a decade ago for the legislation was actress Loretta Swit , who played Maj.
Margaret " Hot Lips " Houlihan in television 's M * A * S * H series .
" The purposeful production of such cruelty , for money , is mind - boggling , " she told the House Judiciary Committee .
President Clinton signed the bill into law in December 1999 .
Now defending it against a constitutional challenge , U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan insists the government is targeting specific types of images , such as those in which animals are tormented to gratify sexual fetishes , and is not going after a swath of speech .
She says the law was designed to prevent people from profiting from the unlawful torture and killing of animals .
Justice Department lawyers also stress that the animal law exempts any depiction " with serious religious , political , scientific , educational , journalistic , historical or artistic values . "
Stevens ' attorneys say his case shows federal prosecutors will invoke the law broadly .
Millett , who will argue the case at the high court , emphasizes that Stevens ' videos are tame compared with what Congress sought to outlaw and compared to some illegal dog matches .
Stevens ' videos lack " images of blood or serious injury to the dogs both because he opposes dogfighting and because his purpose is to illustrate the genetic traits of pit bulls , " such as endurance and strength , Millett says in her filing to the court .
She also highlights the public value of some pictures of deplorable conduct : " Documentaries and photographs depicting far more gruesome dogfights , the clubbing of baby seals , and animal mistreatment at slaughterhouses ... have fueled the animal rights movement , supported legislation , and prompted vigorous public debate . "
Warnings of censorship
The organizations that have weighed in warn of the potential consequences of a decision by the nation 's highest court .
Backing Stevens , the National Coalition Against Censorship tells the justices that if the government prevails , Congress could outlaw images that depict acts of terrorism , drug use or torture .
The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and 13 news media organizations have joined the case , concerned about press coverage about animal abuse or other illegal activities that could fall under the disputed law .
The Humane Society counters that if the 1999 statute is not upheld , cruelty to animals will rise .
It says that since the 3rd Circuit 's 2008 decision finding the law unconstitutional there has been a " resurgence " in crush videos .
The Society recently released a report based on a staff investigation earlier this year that found an apparently increasing number of horrific videos — such as of caged kittens being burned — for sale on the Internet .
It said videos ranged in price from $ 20 to $ 100 .
Humane Society President Pacelle said the videos cannot be separated from the cruel acts , and that because the faces of abusers typically are not shown in the videos , perpetrators remain anonymous .
The 1999 law , he says , " is the only tool available to crack down on this horrific form of extreme animal cruelty . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 31 August 2009
In the article below a taste test of various foods described a sample from Anila 's Curry Sauces as starting well but having " a slightly dirty aftertaste " .
Our reviewer meant to convey that the aftertaste was odd – not to imply that food hygiene might be poor .
Of the hundreds of products that vied for glory at a major food awards ceremony earlier this year , every single one was lacking in some way .
That is not a ­criticism ; these were the stars of the free - from boom – foods stripped of gluten , dairy or nuts , for people with conditions such as peanut ­allergy or coeliac disease ­( triggered by gluten ) as well as less serious food intolerances .
UK sales in the sector have trebled in the last five years , with the market predicted to nudge £ 200 m next year .
Though partly spurred by a genuine rise in diagnosis of food allergies ­( immune system responses that can be fatal ) , there has also been a surge in people believing – often mistakenly – they have food intolerances ( a digestive problem rather than an immune system one ) .
A decade ago , being diagnosed with an ­allergy or intolerance would have meant cutting out certain foods altogether , or making do with poor immitations .
But , as demand has risen , so have standards .
When Observer Food Monthly did a sausage - tasting this year , ­Debbie & ­Andrew 's ­offering , which does n't contain gluten or wheat , trounced the opposition .
And Anila 's Curry Sauces , which were among this year 's Free From Awards winners , also earned three gold stars at Britain 's food ­oscars , the Great Taste Awards .
Her products are not only free from ­gluten , dairy , added sugar and in some cases nuts , but also onion and ­garlic , which she says most Hindus do n't eat .
While supermarkets have introduced small free - from sections , stores such as Planet Organic have made it a primary focus .
Peter Langsam , a food buyer for the store , says the main ­differences between decent free - from and mainstream products are " texture and ­consistency rather than taste " .
Nibbling a wheat - , gluten - and dairy - free macaroon , I see his point – it 's more - ish but drier and crumblier than usual .
Gluten serves an important purpose in cookery , adding elasticity to breads and helping bind sausages .
Its effects are notoriously hard to mimic in a tasty way , but former Bibendum and Leith 's chef Lucinda Bruce - Gardyne may just have cracked it .
Her gluten - free bread , Genius Loaf , contains a novel mix of potato , corn , tapioca and brown rice flour .
" Although I 've cooked professionally for years , " says the mother of two boys with allergies and intolerances , " cooking without basic ingredients we take for granted has been challenging . "
Langsam argues that taste comparisons between free - from and all - in food miss the point .
While some free - from products are ­indistinguishable from their all - in counterparts , others are made from something so ­different that the issue becomes almost irrelevant .
­No one splashing something like Oatly - an oat - based dairy - and soya - free alternative to milk - on their cereal is going to mistake it for milk given its grey colour and watery ­consistency .
Either you like it or you do n't .
The free - from taste test
Anila 's Curry Sauces
anilassauces.com
At first this punchy sauce seems full - on tasty , but the flavours feel a bit separate , with a slightly dirty aftertaste .
Praise - worthy , though , having no alliums , added sugar , dairy , gluten , stabilisers or emulsifiers .
Debbie & Andrew's Sausages
debbieandandrews.co.uk
These posh sausages are wall - to - wall meat .
Well seasoned too ( with a touch of white balsamic – la di dah ) , and for me the only slight drawback to no wheat was that there was nothing to soak up any fat , so a tad greasy .
Genius Loaf
geniusglutenfree.com
This bread is light , almost brioche - like in texture , and cuts easily .
Eaten plain it has a slightly old ­aftertaste but it toasts exceptionally well .
The best gluten - free bread I 've had .
Oatly milk alternative
oatly.com
My first thought was " liquid porridge " , but it 's surprisingly good drunk cold .
It 's as thin as skimmed milk , and I did n't like it in my tea , but maybe if I took it weaker . . .
Dietary Specials ' spaghetti
dietaryspecials.co.uk
Wheat - free " pasta " is problematic .
This does n't feel or taste like pasta , but it would make a reasonable backdrop to a hearty bolognaise sauce .
The Healthy Cake Company 's carrot cake
healthycakecompany.co.uk
Gluten - and dairy - free !
Could be more carroty , but has lovely thick pecan icing .
Tastes home - made , but takes crumbly to a whole new level .
Plamil orange chocolate with cranberries
plamilfoods.co.uk
I liked the look of this with its chewy cranberries and engraved leaves .
It 's smooth and rich and does n't taste free from anything .
for ­vegan chocolate lovers , this is a golden bar .
Barkat organic chocolate rice crunchies
glutenfree-foods.co.uk
Not a bad cover of the original at all , only these do n't seem as sweet .
The pops themselves go a tad chewy and slimy if they 've been sitting in the milk for a few minutes , and weirdly , they do n't turn the milk chocolatey .
Mrs Crimble 's cheese bites
mrscrimbles.com
You do n't miss the wheat at all .
48 % cheese makes them properly cheesy , and they 're light and airy and vaguely reminiscent of a cheesy choux bun !
I 'd put these in my lunch box .
Swedish glace ice - cream
swedishglace.com
I was braced for the worst but , for a lactose , cholesterol and gluten - free ice - cream , this was good .
Nice scoopable , " creamy " texture , with a light , icy crunch .
It tastes like Mr Whippy meets cardboard ( which actually is n't unpleasant ) , with an agreeable nuttyiness .
I 'm impressed .
A few hours ago Internet search mogul Google removed the Pirate Bay frontpage from its search results .
According to the company this action was taken after it received a DMCA takedown request , which is odd since there are no torrents to be found on the homepage of The Pirate Bay .
Removing search results is nothing new for Google .
The company has been cleaning up its search results for years , following up on complaints from the Chinese government , and of course copyright holders .
Torrent sites have been the target of these removal requests more than once , and Google usually removes the ‘ infringing ’ torrent detail pages from their search results fairly quickly .
According to Google the altered search results are caused by DMCA complaints the company receives from copyright holders .
One of the most recent takedown requests , sent by a company that protects the copyrights of porn producers , was targeted at The Pirate Bay .
“ In response to a complaint we received under the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act , we have removed X result (s ) from this page .
If you wish , you may read the DMCA complaint that caused the removal (s ) at ChillingEffects.org , ” Google users can now read beneath the search results for The Pirate Bay and similar terms .
Now this would n’t be that odd if only a few adult film torrents were removed from the search results .
However , those who take a closer look will notice that the takedown request resulted in a ban of the Pirate Bay frontpage from the search results .
Search results without TPB ’s Homepage
As can be seen from the picture above the rest of the Pirate Bay domain is still indexed , but not the frontpage .
This is not the end of the world of course but since there are no torrents listed on the Pirate Bay frontpage , Google has clearly made a mistake here .
The details of the takedown notice that was sent by Removeyourcontent are not yet available , but it may be that it included the Pirate Bay frontpage and that Google removed it without checking whether the claim was legitimate .
TorrentFreak has contacted Google for a response , but thus far we have n’t heard back from them .
If it is indeed a mistake we assume that it will be corrected soon .
Perhaps they can delete the scammy PirateBay.com site while they ’re at it ?
Update : Destined Enterprises , the company that operates the site that sent the takedown requests according to Google , claims they have n’t asked Google to remove the Pirate Bay homepage from the search results ( although they are not completely sure ) .
In a letter ( pdf ) the company ’s lawyer has sent to Google a few minutes ago , they request a copy of the takedown notice , fearing that someone else might use their name to send these takedown notices .
Update 2 : Google has lifted the Pirate Bay ban .
The homepage appears in the search results again .
The DMCA notice in question is also published and the Pirate Bay homepage is not listed there , so it ’s likely that Google made a mistake .
Update 3
Google says the mistake was due to an error .
“ Google received a ( Digital Millennium Copyright Act ) take - down request that erroneously listed Thepiratebay.org , and as a result , this URL was accidentally removed from the Google search index , ” Google says .
“ We are now correcting the removal , and you can expect to see Thepiratebay.org back in Google search results this afternoon , ” the company adds .
The company that sent the takedown notice denies this .
“ They are blaming us but it ’s ok .
We are used to it , ” they told Torrent Freak .
Ciudad Juarez passed the 2,000 mark in homicides Tuesday — setting a record for violence in the border city that has become ground zero in Mexico 's war on drugs and cementing its place as one of the most murderous cities in the world .
Before 2008 , Juarez , a city of 1.5 million across the Rio Grande from El Paso , formerly had about 200 homicides annually , a rate comparable to or lower than such U.S. cities as Houston .
But last year , Juarenses — as residents of Juarez are known — saw 1,600 lives lost in an alarming and mostly unsolved crime wave .
This year , that number was passed by summer 's end .
“ With this , our city has reached a new historic mark in violent acts that verifies that this is the most violent zone in the world outside of declared war zones , ” Norte newspaper reported Tuesday .
It 's hard to determine how many people have fled since the violence escalated .
But using the 2005 population estimate of 1.5 million , Juarez 's murder rate for 2009 so far has surpassed 133 per 100,000 inhabitants , based on the homicides reported .
A new ‘ murder capital '
By comparison , Houston had 294 murders among its 2.2 million residents in 2008 , a rate of 13 homicides per 100,000 residents .
Dallas , with a population of 1.3 million , recorded 170 homicides — the same murder rate as Houston , according to the FBI 's Uniform Crime reports .
The estimated 2009 Juarez rate also pushes the city past places like Caracas , New Orleans , Cape Town and Moscow , all dubbed in 2008 “ Murder Capitals of the World ” by Foreign Policy Magazine .
Tony Payan , a professor at the University of Texas at El Paso who has studied the problem , said Juarez has been beaten down not only by inter - cartel violence and the war on drugs , but also by the ongoing economic crisis .
“ Having hitched itself successfully to American patterns of consumption , including drug consumption , it has also become the one city where the crunch of the war on drugs and the worldwide financial crisis have had a very heavy impact , ” Payan said .
“ Tens of thousands of young men roam the streets with little or no hope of obtaining a job , of receiving drug treatment , of escaping the cycle of violence . ”
Women , children included
“ And the possibility of violence , which also encapsulates the possibility of making some money , draws them back into the eye of the storm .
And thus , they are falling dead right and left , ” Payan said .
On Monday alone , 11 men were killed .
Most victims of the year 's murders were men slain in conflicts between drug cartels or between cartels and the Mexican government , which has dispatched soldiers intended to keep peace .
But 85 children and 107 women also were among this year 's victims , according to Norte newspaper .
The death toll also included 49 police officers and several attorneys .
More than 10 were U.S. citizens , the Chronicle has previously reported .
Nearly all the slayings remain unsolved .
“ The city itself shows signs of weariness ; people are tired ; fear is everywhere , ” Payan said .
lise.olsen@chron.com
Earth cooler ( Image : Martin Shields )
THE birth of the US Appalachian mountain chain may have been behind a major ice age and a mass extinction .
The extinction event at the end of the Ordovician 450 million years ago was the second largest Earth has ever seen .
It has long been believed that an ice age caused it , but no one knew what triggered the freeze .
Seth Young of Indiana University in Bloomington , and colleagues , believe two factors conspired to create the deep freeze .
First , layers of lava show that climate - warming volcanic activity slowed down at this time .
The second factor …
" No plane , no gain " is the motto adopted by one sector of the aviation industry that 's been hit hard by the economic collapse and souring public perception of corporate aviation .
And contrary to the stereotype , corporate jets are n't used only to ferry fat cats who think flying coach with the rest of us is beneath them .
A new study shows the use of business jets and other small aircraft is more about companies trying to gain efficiency and improve the bottom line than about providing a luxurious perk to those at the top of the corporate ladder .
The industry wants to dispel many misconceptions about how and why companies use general aviation .
While cases of corporate bigwigs using corporate planes to jet off to exotic locales tend to make the headlines , the reality is very different , according to the survey of passengers and flight crews .
The study found just 22 percent of passengers on business aircraft ( . pdf ) were top - level executives , while 70 percent included mid-level managers , sales , technical and service staff .
The average number of employees per company who flew on business aircraft during a six - month period before the survey was 85 .
In addition to aircraft usage , another key point highlighted in the report follows the old real estate motto of location , location , location .
Almost half of the flights made by business aircraft in the survey are to airports with little or no scheduled airline service .
One - third were to smaller , secondary airports .
In other words , taking the corporate jet was the most efficient , if not the only , way to get there .
There are more than 5,000 public airports in the United States , but only about 600 have any kind of scheduled service .
What 's more , most of the airlines fly in and out of just 70 major hub airports .
The ability to utilize more of the airports not served by airlines benefits companies trying to save time by flying closer to their destinations .
And it benefits the rest of us by reducing traffic – and therefore delays – at hub airports .
The study was prepared by Harris Interactive for the National Business Aviation Association and the General Aviation Manufacturing Association ahead of this week 's NBAA annual meeting in Orlando , Florida .
While the numbers presented in the report may support the industry ’s claim that business aviation is a tool used by companies trying to make , not waste , money , public perception has been hard to sway .
It 's been almost a year since corporate aviation took a giant PR hit when CEOs of the Big Three automakers flew company jets to Washington , D.C. , to ask for financial help from the government .
Since that time several corporate flight departments and the broader general aviation industry have been hit hard by the public outcry .
But the uproar is misplaced , aviation consultant Peter V. Agur , Jr. says in an editorial posted at AviationWeek .
Agur writes that for many businesses , it makes no more sense for employees to fly on commercial airlines than it does for a fireman use a city bus to arrive at a fire .
While such modes of transport might appear cheaper in the short term , they are less likely to achieve the desired goals in the long term .
As for the often mentioned high cost of corporate jets , Agur says in these lean times , companies wo n't waste money on anything that does n't bolster the bottom line .
He points out business aircraft use is a tiny fraction of the budget for most of the companies that use them and says cars comprise a much larger percentage of most people 's personal budgets .
Whether public perception will be shifted on the topic remains to be seen .
But the industry , like the economy , is starting to show signs of recovery .
The number of used aircraft on the market is dropping , and companies at this week 's NBAA meeting are seeing some trickles of light at the end of the very long tunnel .
Though after plane makers like Cessna slashed half its workforce , the road ( flight ) to recovery is likely to be a long one .
Photo : Cessna
See Also :
Ayn Rand poses theatrically in her signature cape and gold dollar - sign pin on the cover of a groundbreaking new biography .
Rand also poses theatrically in this same Halloween - ready costume ( Rand impersonators have been known to wear it ) on the cover of another groundbreaking new biography .
The two books are being published a week apart .
And both have gray covers that make them look even more interchangeable .
Yet Rand , whose Objectivist philosophy is enjoying one of its periodic resurgences , loathed the very idea of grayness .
She preferred dichotomies that were strictly black and white .
So in a Rand universe  like those of “ The Fountainhead ” and “ Atlas Shrugged , ” the doorstop treatise - style novels that have given her such staying power  it would be unacceptable that one of these books would be only moderately better than the other .
And the versions of her story should not overlap as vastly as they do .
But both authors , Anne C. Heller ( “ Ayn Rand and the World She Made ” ) and Jennifer Burns ( “ Goddess of the Market : Ayn Rand and the American Right ” ) make many of the same points and touch on many of the same biographical details .
That repetition is especially surprising since Ms. Burns had access to the supposedly crucial Ayn Rand Papers at the Ayn Rand Institute in Irvine , Calif .
Ms. Heller did not .
Still , Ms. Heller ’s research is more intensive .
It is so thorough , in fact , that it seems to inform Ms. Burns ’s parallel but more cursory account of Rand ’s personal life .
( The Heller manuscript has been in circulation for long enough to be cited in one of Ms. Burns ’s footnotes and included in her bibliography . )
Ms. Heller has delivered a thoughtful , flesh - and - blood portrait of an extremely complicated and self - contradictory woman , coupling this character study with literary analysis and plumbing the quirkier depths of Rand ’s prodigious imagination .
Ms. Burns glosses through all this to arrive at her book ’s best section , a lengthy coda about Rand ’s intellectual and political legacies .
Neither book is the work of a slavish Rand devotee .
Stilt - Man for the win .
Although , I must say , these are surprisingly good depictions of the original strips overall - most of them do have the right sort of humor .
Or , as we all know , " humor " , in the case of the Family Circus .
# comicmashups
A new analysis of loss - ridden mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac tries to nail shut the coffin on their common stocks .
In a report , financial services research specialist Keefe Bruyette & Woods says the companies ’ shares would have zero value under the workout scenario the firm believes is most likely : the creation of new Fannie and Freddie entities as mortgage guarantors owned by the banks that use their services , while the government continues to support the old Fannie and Freddie loan portfolios as they wind down .
Keefe may not be telling speculators in Fannie and Freddie shares anything they did n’t already suspect , but the report still must be spooking some of those players today : Fannie ’s shares were down 25 cents , or 17 % , to $ 1.21 at about 10:45 a.m.
PDT ; Freddie was off 31 cents , or 18 % , to $ 1.41 .
" There is general consensus that the primary role of the agencies in the future is in the loan guarantee business and not in the investment business , " Keefe analysts led by Bose George wrote in the report .
" By creating ‘ bad banks ’ of the existing portfolios and putting the existing portfolios into receivership , the government can limit its losses and define its role in supporting the mortgage industry through the crisis and create an exit strategy . "
But that exit strategy would leave nothing for shareholders , the Keefe analysts assert .
They believe that the companies ’ combined $ 96 billion in debt to the Treasury -- which seized them 13 months ago after saying the firms were in danger of failing -- will grow in the near term as mortgage defaults continue to rise .
Even presuming that the old Fannie and Freddie portfolios would earn net operating profits over the next 10 years as the mortgage crisis abates , the companies still would have negative equity at the end of that period because of what they owe taxpayers , Keefe says .
" In this scenario , both the common and preferred equity of the [ companies ] should be worthless , " the firm says .
" Our bad bank analysis suggests that the companies will still owe the government almost $ 100 billion by the end of year ten .
As a result , we are ... cutting our price targets to $ 0 . "
Speculators ran wild with Fannie and Freddie shares in August , driving both up more than 200 % .
Fannie peaked at $ 2.04 on Aug. 28 ; Freddie peaked at $ 2.40 the same day .
But the stocks have been drifting lower since then as interest has waned .
-- Tom Petruno
Photo : Fannie Mae 's headquarters in Washington .
Credit : Joshua Roberts / Bloomberg News
There was something wrong with that picture .
Of course all the best politicians are skilled actors , so they did their best to hide the reality .
But , despite the smiles and the handshake , Barack Obama , Mahmoud Abbas and Binyamin Netanyahu could not quite conceal the weirdness at the centre of their photo - op in New York today .
What the image should have conveyed was the gratitude of the leaders of two minor states , happy to be basking in the sunlight radiated by the global emperor .
Instead they looked sullen and reluctant , as if they had done Obama , leader of the world 's sole superpower , a favour by turning up .
How had it come about that , in the words of the Israeli columnist Nahum Barnea , the Americans had " discovered that they want an Israeli - Palestinian peace agreement more than the Israelis and the Palestinians want it " ?
The narrow answer is the usual one , that the local politics on both sides of the conflict has made inaction a safer bet than action .
Netanyahu sits atop a coalition that is perfectly stable – just so long as he does n't do anything .
Were he so much as to hint at taking any of the steps necessary for a peace deal , coalition partners would start breaking off like aeroplane wings in an ice storm .
As for Abbas , he has finally acquired some political strength , removing potential rivals from within his own Fatah faction while all trace of Hamas has been eradicated from the West Bank .
As one Fatah insider puts it : " Abbas is now at the peak of his powers . "
All that could damage him are the accusations of treachery that would instantly follow any compromise with Israel .
So Netanyahu and Abbas had something in common : neither wanted to meet the other .
Abbas did n't want to break his earlier pledge that he would only start talking if Israel agreed to a complete freeze on settlement building .
And Netanyahu refused to agree to any such freeze .
In the end they came to the Waldorf only because Obama deployed the one weapon no Israeli or Palestinian leader can resist : a direct invitation from the American president .
The gloomy conclusion to draw from this diplomatic dance – a routine whose key step has been footdragging – is that Barack Obama is a diminished figure in the Middle East , and perhaps around the world .
Having been inaugurated after a landslide victory that gave him the heftiest stock of political capital in a generation , Obama no longer seems to command the fear , or even the respect , that is a basic tool of the job .
Scan the Arab or Israeli press of recent days and you see commentators queueing up to brand Obama as a weak naif who got suckered .
On the Arab side , he demanded a few gestures of normalisation towards Israel – overflight rights for El Al jets and looser rules on tourist visas , for example – from the so - called moderate states and got next to nothing .
Humiliation came in June when he went to Saudi Arabia only for the king to say no to his face .
With the Israelis he fared no better .
He issued a demand that could not be nuanced or fudged : he wanted a total halt to settlement construction .
No ifs or buts .
Bibi has revelled in his refusal , the Israeli public and press applauding as he shows the US president the finger .
Barnea called the New York meeting a " joke at the expense of Barack Obama , who took one look at Middle East politics and got burned " .
Even Obama 's friends worry that he has lost face in a region where face matters , his authority further weakened by the sight of him struggling to get his way on domestic policy at home .
Veterans of the peace process on both sides agree that the key mistake was the demand to freeze settlements .
Every US administration has called for a halt – some more sincerely than others – and none have ever got their way .
Obama might have proved the exception had he been prepared to escalate his standoff with Bibi , to increase the pressure once Israel 's first answer was no .
But he was not .
Menachem Klein , a scholar and adviser to the Israeli delegation during the Camp David peace talks of 2000 , reckons the settlements gambit might have worked had it been framed differently .
Obama could have called not for a freeze of all settlements – including those regarded by many Israelis as glorified suburbs of Jerusalem – but for the dismantling of the more egregious ones , those far - flung towns and villages that no one believes will remain under Israeli sovereignty in a plausible peace deal .
Next , Obama could have offered a quid pro quo , centred on assurances on security .
That way , says Klein , Obama would have overcome the resistance of those Israelis " who have been asking why they should give up something for nothing " .
The president would have separated the Israeli mainstream from the ideological hardcore of settlers .
Instead they have been united – behind Netanyahu .
Plenty of Obama critics have seized upon this first setback as evidence that the president is in over his head on foreign policy .
A failing strategy in Afghanistan , rejection of his outstretched hand to Iran , " capitulation " on missile defence to Russia – all make it on to the anti-Obama charge sheet .
It makes a neat thesis but it is , at the very least , premature .
Obama 's achievement yesterday was modest , but it was not nothing .
In the end , both Netanyahu and Abbas had to bend to his will .
They heard him insist that Middle East peace is a national security interest of the US , signalling that it will remain a personal priority .
By announcing that Hillary Clinton – rather than just his envoy , George Mitchell – will report back to him in mid-October , he has ratcheted up the engagement a notch .
He also put the parties on notice that he knows the old games , and will not tolerate them .
" We cannot continue the same pattern of tentative steps forward and then stepping back , " he said .
It 's worth remembering too that Netanyahu has had to budge once already this year , by publicly accepting a Palestinian state – albeit one qualified beyond recognition – and that the ground has now been laid for the next phase .
Both sides now have a clear idea of what will be required of them .
Above all , those panicking that Obama has not yet bagged a clutch of foreign policy triumphs in the Middle East and elsewhere may be forgetting both the mess that he inherited and his leadership style .
He plays the long , slow game , advancing gradually .
So , yes , there was no overnight fix in New York , but that was never on the cards .
Besides , Obama believes he has time on his side .
Unlike most US presidents keen to play Middle East peacemaker , he has not tackled this in his last year , but in his first .
I 'm not sure which view – the ever - shrinking Obama whose credibility is eroding fast , or the careful tortoise who will eventually overtake the hare – is right .
It 's too early to tell .
But either way , Obama needs to shake off that first perception before it congeals .
In the Middle East that means pressing the reset button .
He could do that with a long overdue direct address to the Israeli people : dispelling the absurd myths that say he is an Arab Muslim congenitally hostile to their country .
At the same time , he needs to find a new way to show the Palestinians he can deliver .
These are still early days in the presidency of Barack Obama : we must hope that , as with his life story , the first act provides little clue for what comes next .
Mientras los ministros de energía representantes de los miembros del G20 culminaron la reunión virtual maratónica que arrancaron el jueves 9 de abril con el objetivo de discutir posibilidades para estabilizar el mercado petrolero global , sigue sin alcanzarse un acuerdo definitivo con cifras oficiales sobre los recortes a la producción , porque México no está dispuesto a reducir 400,000 barriles diarios su extracción y la representación árabe no confía en que el gobierno estadounidense logre persuadir a su industria para que apoye a su vecino del sur con un recorte de 250,000 barriles diarios .
Sin acuerdo , los precios del petróleo podrían reducirse aún más , según expertos .
Y es que los representantes de los países más poderosos del mundo prometieron trabajar juntos , sin ahondar en volúmenes de reducción en la extracción petrolera para reducir la oferta y aumentar los precios .
Sin embargo , la Organización de Países Exportadores de Petróleo ( OPEP ) informó desde el jueves la existencia de un acuerdo prácticamente unánime entre los miembros de su organismo y los no alineados conocidos como OPEP + , comandados por Rusia , de reducir en 10 millones de barriles por día la producción mundial durante mayo y junio .
Este acuerdo , que se efectúa después de que Arabia y Rusia aumentaron durante marzo en 3 millones de barriles la producción conjunta tirando hasta en 75 % los precios internacionales en comparación con el arranque del año , implica que cada país reduzca 23 % su producción .
Para México , con 1.78 millones de barriles por día reportados en marzo , la cuota sería de 400,000 barriles diarios .
Sin embargo , el acuerdo llegó a un punto muerto , ya que México se negó a adherirse , aseguró hasta este domingo el portal especializado Energy Intelligence .
Un acuerdo de producción de petróleo es crucial para resolver el problema de sobreoferta crónica del mercado .
Arabia Saudita ha dejado en claro que cualquier acuerdo depende de que todos los productores globales reduzcan la producción en conjunto , incluidos Estados Unidos y Canadá .
Los precios del petróleo se han desplomado de 66 a 31 dólares por barril desde el comienzo de 2020 después de que una caída en la demanda causada por el coronavirus se agudizó por el fracaso de los representantes de la OPEP y OPEP + para alcanzar un consenso sobre los recortes de producción , lo que provocó un aumento en el suministro .
" Nos comprometemos a garantizar que el sector energético continúe haciendo una contribución plena y efectiva para superar Covid - 19 y potenciar la recuperación mundial posterior " , dijo el G20 en un comunicado después de la reunión del viernes .
Sin embargo , los miembros no discutieron números específicos , según el ministro de Recursos Naturales de Canadá , Seamus O’Regan .
" Un suministro de energía asequible , confiable y accesible se considera una necesidad para habilitar los servicios básicos , incluida la atención médica , y ayudar a nuestros esfuerzos para ayudar a la recuperación económica " , dijo el ministro de energía saudí Abdulaziz bin Salman en los comentarios de apertura durante la reunión .
Además , en una llamada telefónica separada después de la reunión de la OPEP del jueves , el rey Salman de Arabia Saudita , el presidente estadounidense Donald Trump y el presidente ruso Vladimir Putin revisaron la importancia de la cooperación entre los países productores de petróleo , informó la agencia de noticias estatal saudita SPA .
" Se confirmó el deseo de coordinar las acciones dirigidas a la estabilización de la situación del comercio mundial de petróleo y la mitigación del impacto negativo de los volátiles precios del petróleo en la economía global " , dijo el Kremlin , luego de la llamada con otros productores .
Pero después de destrabar el acuerdo con Rusia , siguió un obstáculo que persiste y esperan resolver antes de este lunes : México , que apenas logró aumentar su producción petrolera después de 14 años , propuso reducir su producción de petróleo sólo en 5.5 % y no en 23 % , es decir , en 100,000 barriles por día en los próximos dos meses , para llegar a 1.681 millones de barriles diarios .
Primero , trascendió que la representante del país abandonó la negociación , posteriormente , la secretaria de Energía , Rocío Nahle , confirmó en twitter que el país estaba dispuesto a recortar 100,000 barriles diarios la producción y al día siguiente , el presidente Andrés Manuel López Obrador confirmó que México simplemente se mantuvo hasta donde fue posible en su postura de no hacer recortes , porque según el primer mandatario , el país no se encuentra en las condiciones de Arabia , Rusia o Estados Unidos , con producciones de 11 millones de barriles y para quienes una reducción de 23 % no tiene tantas implicaciones .
“ Espero que ( México ) vea el beneficio de este acuerdo no solo para México sino para todo el mundo .
Todo este acuerdo depende de que México lo acepte " , dijo a Reuters por teléfono el ministro de Energía saudita , el príncipe Abdulaziz bin Salman .
En tanto , sin que se aclare qué mecanismo podría utilizar el gobierno estadounidense para persuadir a la industria petrolera que opera en su país , tanto López Obrador , como su homólogo estadounidense Trump confirmaron que llegaron a un acuerdo para que México siga con este recorte de 100,000 barriles y Estados Unidos asuma 250,000 barriles diarios que le corresponderían a México .
México lo devolverá cuando pueda , dijo el presidente estadounidense en conferencia de prensa el viernes .
" Primero nos pidieron 400,000 , luego 350,000 .
Trump me ha expresado muy generosamente que nos ayudarían con 250,000 adicionales a lo que van a contribuir ” , informó el presidente López Obrador .
Por lo pronto , este domingo 12 de abril continuará la reunión entre países petroleros , a la cual México sigue convocado .
Si el acuerdo no se firma , la alternativa es que los precios caigan aún más , y el problema del exceso de oferta del mercado se agrava significativamente a medida que pasa el tiempo .
" Si todo el acuerdo se desmorona , el resultado será obvio , el petróleo colapsará el lunes y esperaría que Brent caiga a cerca de 25 dólares por barril , posiblemente más bajo " , dijo Jeffrey Halley , analista senior de mercado de la empresa comercial Oanda al portal árabe Al Arabiya .
Recortes propuestos por la OPEP para cada país con el fin de estabilizar al alza los precios del petróleo
kg
By Eric Roper
Al Franken used to write books slamming his foes for allegedly manipulating statistics .
And as one witness before the Judiciary Committee learned on Wednesday , old habits die hard .
Franken 's target was Mark de Bernardo , executive director of the Council for Employment Law Equity , who clashed with the senator on his top issue this week : arbitration .
It is a technique to keep legal disputes out of court and the topic of Franken 's recent amendment , which passed the Senate on Tuesday night .
His bill bars funding from defense contractors who prevent employees from suing over sexual assault and other charges .
Despite the major legislative victory , an unusually terse and irritated Franken emerged on Wednesday as he questioned de Bernardo , who was singing the praises of arbitration before the committee .
The senator spent the bulk of his time attempting to debunk the witness , particularly a statistic in his testimony that employees have a 63 percent chance of " prevailing " in arbitration compared to 43 percent in litigation .
During the argument Franken repeatedly cited the inspiration for his bill , Jamie Leigh Jones , who was raped while working for a defense contractor in Iraq and allegedly imprisoned temporarily and prevented from legal retaliation because of an arbitration clause in her contract .
Jones was also a witness at the hearing .
F : " Would you consider if Jamie Leigh had gotten a settlement of $ 50 that she would have ' prevailed ' under this definition ? "
B : " Senator Franken --"
F : " Please answer yes or no , sir . "
B : " No , let me just say --"
F : " Please answer yes or no sir .
Do you say no ? "
B : " I say no "
F : " So in other words the statistics on who prevailed and who did n’t prevail – what would she have needed to have gotten , $ 100 ?
Would she have prevailed if she had gotten $ 100 ? "
B : " I think it ’s a distinction … what we ’re talking about --"
F : " Answer yes or no , please sir . "
De Bernardo eventually conceded that he did not know whether $ 50 would be considered " prevailing " in the statistic , leading to this exchange several minutes later :
F : " You told me that you do n’t know if $ 50 to Ms. Jones would be considered in your statistic – whether that would be her prevailing .
So you do n’t really know too much about your statistic . "
B : " There are two studies --"
F : " Here ’s another statistic , sir , from the National Workrights Institute . "
B : " Senator can I --"
F : " No . Give me a second .
[ They ] found that the mean damages awarded by arbitrations was $ 49,000 , the mean damages awarded by district courts was $ 530,000 .
That seems to be more beneficial to the employee , does n’t it ? "
B : ( Inaudible )
F : " So thank you , sir .
Thank you Mr. Chairman . "
After appealing to committee chairman Pat Leahy to respond , de Bernardo said he had n't seen Franken 's statistic but had seen other statistics indicating that the average settlement in arbitration was more than or equal to litigation .
You can see the first portion of the questioning below , beggining at about 2:51 .
Update : Jamie Leigh Jones ' name was misspelled in the original verison of this post .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : dbus - core 0.5 and dbus-client 0.1
These are pure - Haskell client libraries for using the D - Bus protocol .
D- Bus is heavily used for inter-application IPC on Free and open - source desktop platforms , such as Linux , OpenSolaris , and FreeBSD .
These libraries allow applications written in Haskell to inter-operate with other components of recent GNOME , KDE , and XFCE desktops .
This is the first " real " release of these libraries ; dbus - core has been published on Hackage for some time , but mostly just to make sure I got the Cabal bits right .
I feel they are now stable / featureful enough for public use .
Both are available on Hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dbus-core
http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dbus-client
--------- " dbus -core " is an implementation of the D - Bus protocol , specifically the parts relevant to clients .
Eventually , it will probably grow some functions useful for implementing a message bus as well .
It includes type mapping / conversion , an implementation of the wire format ( marshaling / unmarshaling ) , data types for the currently defined message types ( METHOD_CALL , METHOD_RETURN , ERROR , and SIGNAL ) and a basic parser / generator for introspection documents .
It is roughly equivalent in purpose to libdbus .
By itself , a protocol implementation is somewhat cumbersome to use , so " dbus - client " is a high - level wrapper .
It provides some abstractions like remote object proxies , exported object trees , synchronous method calls , signal reception , and name reservation .
Messages are received and processed in separate IO threads , allowing asynchronous method call and signal handling .
The purpose between splitting the library into two packages is stability ; " dbus - core " , ideally , will change only rarely -- performance improvements , new message / data types , etc .
It provides a base level of functionality which more specialised libraries may use .
" dbus - client " is an example of what such a library could look like , though for now it 's not very Haskell -y ( IO everywhere , exceptions , explicit locking ) .
By separating the protocol from the client libs , alternative client libs can safely depend on the protocol implementation .
---------
To see a sample of the library working , there 's a clone of the " dbus- monitor " utility in < dbus- core / Examples > .
Documentation is currently a bit lacking , so for now , the best documentation is the PDF of the source code itself , and the ( rather barren ) Haddock output : https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-core_0.5.pdf
https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-core_0.5/index.html
https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-client_0.1.pdf
https://dl.getdropbox.com/u/1947532/dbus-client_0.1/index.html
Once more people have used it without any major API issues , I 'll write up a manual and populate the Haddock entries .
Please respond with any feedback , difficulties , or suggestions .
I 'm particularly interested in ways to improve the public API , since I would rather make any breaking changes * before * anything big depends on these libraries .
Do this joke a year ago and it has to include a Michael Vick reference .
Â
Thankfully , only this post now suffers from discussing him .
Â
Rick is at heart a very kind and generous person .
Â
It usually gets him into trouble , or the things he ’s trying to help out .
Â
In the past that has been Megan and his frat brothers , but perhaps a new dog will focus his energy ?
Note that Trey is not at all concerned with the implications of sending a dog to work in a factory .
Â
Only why it has alcohol and perhaps why he doesnâ€™t .
Even though Twitter forces you to limit your thoughts to tiny 140 - character bursts , loyal users of the text messaging network still suffer from information overload :
There is too much to read , no matter how you cut it .
But maybe there is n't too much to see .
Twitter circulates a massive volume of minute texts , but your eyes can only take in one text tweet at a time .
Images , however , are a different story .
You scan a page of them in seconds — to find updates about Iranian protests , planes in the Hudson River , what the food looks like at a certain restaurant , or , of course , who is having a ham sandwich on their porch .
Several utilities exist for posting images to Twitter from computers and cellphones , including Airme , TwitGoo , Twitpic and Yfrog , and others .
But unless you stumble across a given tweet and click through to the image , you can't see it — or at least , that used to be the case .
Luckily , another set of Twitter image utilities is emerging to let you search and browse these images and offer fresh insight into the world around us faster — and often with more depth — than is normally possible by reading text messages on the network .
" Literally , you can communicate a short burst of information about where you are , what you 're doing , what you 're interested in , and what kind of mood you 're in [ with an image ] — and you can't say that all in text , " said Jack Levin , CEO and founder of ImageShack 's Yfrog .
" Media , for short , quick communication , is very important . "
One of the best utilities is Twitcaps , developed by Jonathan Griggs , who found himself using his own service in a way he never could have predicted after a tornado appeared nearby .
" When we were having tornado warnings in Denver and the warning sirens were going off near my house , my girlfriend and I grabbed the laptop and made way for the basement , " said Griggs in an e-mail .
" Once there , I looked up ' Denver tornado ' on Twitcaps and found images of the funnel cloud moving northeast from Coors field — a good ways to the east of my house .
This was far more information than was available from local news sources at the time , and was enough to set us at ease that we were in no immediate danger . "
Following news events in near - real - time is the best use for TwitCaps , he said , followed by the tracking of music , sporting and industry events ; finding " aesthetically pleasing " image collections like these sunsets ; and watching the image stream on the front of the site .
Specifically , he added , people seem to be tweeting an awful lot of pictures of the food they 're eating , as well as , for some reason , spiders .
Snow Leopard is a Twitter trend today , as seen here on Peephole .
Scott Mills , who developed another of our favorite Twitter image viewing tools — the recently released Peephole iPhone app ( $ 2 on on iTunes ) — says the Iranian protests inspired the creation of his app .
Like so many other technologies , this one stemmed from frustration on the part of a software developer .
" I can't remember where I was that day [ of the Iranian protests ] , but I was n't around my Mac , so I was on the iPhone , " recalled Mills , a co-founder of the Arkansas - based ISP IFWorld and TwitCaps developer Memetix Devworx , by phone .
" I was going through clicking on individual tweets , and a lot of times I 'd get the same photo — it was just a very long , manual process .
" That 's when the idea hit me — that a few of the technologies I was trying to learn and was playing around with to develop iPhone apps would fit together nicely so that you could just see a bunch of thumbnails all at once and decide which photo looks interesting , and then read the message that went with it .
I guess it was just my own frustration at not being able to see the photos easily . "
As more smartphones add video - capture , Yfrog 's Levin says , video is increasingly augmenting the image as a way to get across a great deal of information on Twitter .
And soon , location will become a bigger part of the equation .
Twitter plans to make an addition to its API that will allow software to geo - stamp photos before they 're uploaded , according to Mills , meaning that Peephole , TwitCaps and similar programs will be able to search and browse tweeted pics by precise location .
( For now , they have to rely on users divulging location in their profile or tweets . )
Even as things stand now , there are already lots of easy ways to see what Twitter sees .
Without further ado , here are seven ways to search and browse images on Twitter , in alphabetical order ( feel free to visit the comments section to add whatever we may have missed ) .
Peephole :
This smooth , $ 2 iPhone app — the only mobile app on this list — lets you view Twitter images in a number of ways : trends , public timeline , nearby users , search , Twitter friends , and favorites .
: This smooth , $ 2 iPhone app — the only mobile app on this list — lets you view Twitter images in a number of ways : trends , public timeline , nearby users , search , Twitter friends , and favorites .
PicFog : PicFog offers the image hound a near - real - time photo stream , a breaking - news section ( which you can follow on Twitter ) , searching by text , user or location , retweeting , and ranking by popularity ( number of retweets ) .
Its developers concur with TwitCaps ' Griggs , describing the most popular subjects followed as breaking news , weather , conferences / meetups , sports and music .
: PicFog offers the image hound a near - real - time photo stream , a breaking - news section ( which you can follow on Twitter ) , searching by text , user or location , retweeting , and ranking by popularity ( number of retweets ) .
Its developers concur with TwitCaps ' Griggs , describing the most popular subjects followed as breaking news , weather , conferences / meetups , sports and music .
Pingwire :
By monitoring the images posted to Twitpic , Yfrog , and TwitGoo , the relatively bare - bones Pingwire service also includes a near - real - time feed ( which , unlike some of the others , it has the decency to call " almost live " ) and a trending - photos section .
But it lacks search and many other key features offered by the others .
: By monitoring the images posted to Twitpic , Yfrog , and TwitGoo , the relatively bare - bones Pingwire service also includes a near - real - time feed ( which , unlike some of the others , it has the decency to call " almost live " ) and a trending - photos section .
But it lacks search and many other key features offered by the others .
Twicsy :
This one gives you a near - real - time stream , search , most popular recent images , tag browsing , retweeting , a button for reporting NSFW material , retweeting and an embeddable widget that shows the top images in the past hour .
: This one gives you a near - real - time stream , search , most popular recent images , tag browsing , retweeting , a button for reporting NSFW material , retweeting and an embeddable widget that shows the top images in the past hour .
Twipho :
This Twitter search engine looks a bit like Google – spare , and focused on a search box , with trends underneath .
: This Twitter search engine looks a bit like Google – spare , and focused on a search box , with trends underneath .
TwitCaps :
The service offers a near - real - time image stream ( with " freeze " and " save " features ) , search , most popular , trends , location - based searching , filtering by language or image host ( it links up directly with their APIs in addition to scraping from Twitter ) , and a built - in translator , as well as tools for retweeting and sharing by e-mail , IM and so on .
The developer said he plans to submit an iPhone app version to iTunes in a month or so .
: The service offers a near - real - time image stream ( with " freeze " and " save " features ) , search , most popular , trends , location - based searching , filtering by language or image host ( it links up directly with their APIs in addition to scraping from Twitter ) , and a built - in translator , as well as tools for retweeting and sharing by e-mail , IM and so on .
The developer said he plans to submit an iPhone app version to iTunes in a month or so .
Twitc :
This is actually an image and video uploading and hosting service for Twitter and other networks , but it offers several tools for seeing visual media other users are tweeting : near - real - time stream , most - viewed , highest - rated , random results , and search by tag .
See Also :
Valve has unveiled this week ’s Steam Mid-Week Madness sale , taking 50 % off PopCap ’s excellent tower defense title Plants vs. Zombies , which now runs only $ 5 through Turkey Thursday , November 26 .
The critically acclaimed game was already well worth the $ 10 packing five game modes , a 50 level campaign , over 25 types of zombies and a ton of replay value .
$ 5 is a small price for a whole extra-long weekend ’s worth of action strategy goodness .
Plants vs. Zombies released in May earlier this year .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The health care reform debate reached a new milestone Tuesday as a key congressional committee passed an $ 829 billion plan projected to extend coverage to an additional 29 million Americans .
" Now 's not the time to pat ourselves on the back , " President Obama says at the White House on Tuesday .
The Senate Finance Committee 's bill would subsidize insurance for poorer Americans , establish nonprofit health care cooperatives , and create health insurance exchanges to make it easier for small groups and individuals to purchase coverage .
Among other things , it would cap annual out - of - pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions .
The plan is financed by a combination of reductions in spending for Medicare and other government programs , as well as higher taxes on expensive insurance policies and new fees on the health industry .
The committee passed its long - awaited plan Tuesday with a 14 - 9 vote .
Sen . Olympia Snowe , R - Maine , was the lone committee member to cross party lines , breaking with other Republicans to vote for the measure .
All the committee 's Democrats supported the bill .
Watch why there was applause after the vote »
The Finance Committee was the last of five congressional panels to consider health care legislation before formal debate begins in the full House and Senate .
President Obama expressed satisfaction , but said more work remains .
" We are now closer than ever before to passing health reform , but we 're not there yet , " he told reporters in the White House Rose Garden .
" Now 's not the time to pat ourselves on the back . "
Instead , he said , it is time to " dig in and work even harder to get this done . "
Watch Obama laud action , call for more work »
Obama singled out Snowe " for both the political courage and the seriousness of purpose that she 's demonstrated throughout this process . "
Democratic leaders in each chamber have now started the politically delicate task of melding together five pieces of legislation -- two in the Senate and three in the House .
Last week , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated the Finance Committee 's bill would cut the national deficit by roughly $ 80 billion over the next 10 years while expanding coverage to 94 percent of the country 's non-elderly population .
" Ours is a balanced plan , " said committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Montana .
" Now is the time that will tell whether things are merely said , or whether something is actually done .
Now is the time to get this done . "
Iowa Sen .
Charles Grassley , the committee 's top Republican , said he wished he " felt better about the substance of the bill , " which is " moving on a slippery slope to more and more government control of health care . "
Watch what Grassley had to say about health care reform before the vote »
Snowe indicated she has concerns with several aspects of the bill , but did n't want to see the reform process derailed .
" Is this bill all that I would want ?
Far from it , " she said .
" Is it all that it can be ?
No .
But when history calls , history calls .
And I happen to think that the consequences of inaction dictate the urgency of Congress [ taking ] every opportunity to demonstrate its capacity to solve the monumental issues of our time . "
On Monday , an insurance industry trade group questioned several of the assumptions underpinning the bill .
America 's Health Insurance Plans released a report stating that , if enacted , the bill would increase premiums for families by an extra $ 4,000 by 2019 .
It said premiums for individuals would rise by an additional $ 1,500 .
The analysis , conducted by the firm PricewaterhouseCoopers , threatens to undermine Obama 's assertion that it is possible to expand coverage while slowing the rate of medical inflation .
A Finance Committee spokesman slammed the analysis , calling it " a health insurance company hatchet job , plain and simple . "
Snowe said it was " surprising " the insurance industry " would issue that kind of condemnation when you are trying to create a constructive approach " potentially worth billions of dollars to private companies .
The committee 's plan , initially drafted by Baucus , is the only one under serious consideration that excludes a government - run public health insurance option .
Several top Democrats , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , have questioned whether it is possible to contain costs without creating a public option to serve as a check on private insurers .
Republicans and some conservative Democrats oppose the government - run insurance option , saying it would drive private insurers from the market and eventually bring a government takeover of the health care system .
Baucus has said the more conservative Senate lacks the votes to pass a public option ; Pelosi has repeatedly insisted the more liberal House will pass a bill that includes one .
The Finance Committee plan was partly the result of months of negotiations between Baucus and five other panel members -- three Republicans and two Democrats .
The proposal from the " Gang of Six " has been widely viewed as the only one with the potential of attracting any Republican support .
The vote came after the committee spent two weeks debating 130 amendments .
Committee members boosted the bill 's overall price by more than $ 50 billion in part by expanding insurance subsidies for individuals and families with lower incomes .
They also voted to exempt senior citizens from higher taxes on medical expenses .
The sweeping bill would be paid for in part by cutting spending on several health care programs -- including Medicare -- by roughly $ 400 billion .
Another $ 200 billion would be generated by imposing a new tax on high - end health care policies , dubbed " Cadillac " plans by critics .
At the same time , new fees would be imposed on drug and insurance companies , medical device manufacturers and other industries tied to the health care sector .
Individuals would be required to purchase coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's goal is to emerge with a single bill that can overcome a potential filibuster by winning at least 60 votes in the Senate .
He wants to meet Obama 's goal of designing a bill that will cost no more than $ 900 billion over the next decade .
Senate aides expect that effort to take a couple of weeks .
Joining Reid in the decision - making will be Baucus ; Sens. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut and Tom Harkin of Iowa ; senior Democrats on the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee ; and Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff .
Other key senators -- including Snowe , one of the Gang of Six -- are also expected to be involved .
Aside from wrestling with the public option , Democratic leaders have to resolve sharp differences over how to pay for a reform plan .
Top House Democrats oppose a tax on high - cost policies , which they fear would affect many union members .
They have instead proposed a tax surcharge on individuals with annual incomes over $ 500,000 , or families earning more than $ 1 million .
To get a bill passed , Reid could implement a legislative option known as reconciliation , which would require only 50 votes instead of 60 .
However , Republicans have promised a " minor revolution , " in the words of GOP Sen .
Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , if Democrats resort to that rarely used tactic .
Republican leaders , who have criticized the various Democratic plans for their size and scope , wo n't be involved in the upcoming negotiations .
One senior Republican leadership aide recently quipped that she would be in her office with her feet on her desk during the talks because she was n't going to be invited to offer suggestions .
If the House and Senate manage to pass health care reform bills , a conference committee would then negotiate a final version requiring approval from both chambers before going to Obama for his signature .
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Ed Hornick , Kristi Keck , Brianna Keilar and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
All About Health Care Issues • U.S. Senate • Olympia Snowe
Survivors of the Sichuan earthquake face a new threat in the form of pollution from an aluminium plant that has been hailed by the government as a symbol of reconstruction .
Villagers near the factory in Wenchuan county – the area worst hit by the disaster – have told the Guardian their health and crops have been damaged by airborne " white flake " pollution that falls and then covers the soil .
Though more than a year has passed since the quake killed 68,000 people and destroyed millions of homes on 12 May 2008 , many residents still live in tents .
The local government has put a priority on rebuilding the economy , partly through the more than five - fold expansion of the Aba Aluminium production line owned by Bosai Corporation – one of Sichuan 's biggest exporters .
This provides much - needed jobs in the disaster area , but they come at a heavy environmental price , according to nearby residents who complain their harvests have collapsed because of contamination .
" The expansion of the aluminium factory has really affected our lives .
I used to grow vegetables and walnuts , but the pollution has ruined the plants and trees , " a local woman told the Guardian by telephone .
" The powder from the plant floats in the air , and leaves a coating of white sediment on the ground . "
To boost the family income , she said her husband took a job in the factory but he had to leave after less than six months because a rash broke out over his body .
Many local residents work in the factory , which pays more than 1,000 yuan ( £ 90 ) per month – a reasonable income in rural China .
But there may be hazards .
" We work in bad conditions .
The workshops are thick with dust , " said an employee .
" The pollution became very bad after the expansion .
I heard it is because the cleaning devices are not functioning properly . "
The employee , whose name like that of the woman is withheld to avoid retribution from local officials , said his 100 - tree orchard had failed to yield a harvest this year .
Chinese conservationists say the bee population has also been badly affected .
The earthquake struck a day before the upgrade of the aluminium factory was supposed to begin .
Local leaders have pushed ahead with the plan as part of the reconstruction effort .
President Hu Jintao and prime minister Wen Jiabao have visited the facility and encouraged the plant 's managers to set an example of improved technology standards and efficiency .
Falling aluminium prices and continued infrastructure problems have made this difficult .
Local officials and factory executives insist the factory operates according to national standards .
" The factory has passed its environmental impact assessment .
Once its environment protection equipment operates , emissions will definitely meet standards , " said Yang Jian , the head of Wenchuan 's environment protection bureau .
He said the bureau has not received any complaints about the factory : " The accusations are not true . "
A factory director , who gave only his surname , Cao , said the company has an effective system for emission reduction that was working .
How the experts see it :
The original HiRISE satellite image supplied to Mail Online by the University of Arizona showing a close up of what appears to be a ' monolith ' on Mars
How the science junkies saw it :
Three images of the ' monolith ' ( close , closer , closest ) as they appeared on the website Lunar Explorer Italia
From further away :
The circled area show where the rectangular feature was discovered
The black monolith appears at turning points of the film 2001 : A Space Odyssey directed by Stanley Kubrick
A monolith found on Phobos ( l ) was described recently by Buzz Aldrin , pictured here in his Apollo space suit
An image sent by the Viking spacecraft in 1976 seemed to show a human - like face on the surface of Mars
An image of what appears to be a mysterious rocky monument on Mars has excited space junkies around the world .
The ' monolith ' , was snapped from 165 miles away using a special high resolution camera on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
After being published on the website Lunar Explorer Italia , it set tongues wagging with space buffs questioning whether there was once life on the Red Planet .
But scientists at the University of Arizona , who captured the original image , reckon it 's just an unremarkable boulder , which could measure up to five metres across .
Yisrael Spinoza , a spokesman for the HiRISE department of the university 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory , gave Mail Online the original image so readers can make up their own minds .
He said : ' It would be unwise to refer to it as a " monolith " or " structure " because that implies something artificial , like it was put there by someone for example .
'
In reality it 's more likely that this boulder has been created by breaking away from the bedrock to create a rectangular - shaped feature .
'
The image seems to resemble the black monolith that appears during key moments of man 's evolution in the Stanley Kubrick film 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
The original image , taken last July , was published again this week on the University of Arizona 's HiRISE website on the ' spotlight ' page which seems to have led to the renewed interest .
' Is it possible that there used to be an ancient civilization on Mars ? ' former Montreal radio presenter David Tyler asked on his blog .
'Is it possible that NASA already knows the answer ?
Could this be the final straw for disclosure ?
' But speaking about the satellite picture scientist Alfred McEwen , the principal investigator from the University of Arizona 's HiRISE department , said : ' There are lots of rectangular boulders on Earth and Mars and other planets .
'Layering from rock deposition combined with tectonic fractures creates right - angle planes of weakness such that rectangular blocks tend to weather out and separate from the bedrock .
' Fuel was added to the flames after Buzz Aldrin , the second man to walk on the Moon , alluded to a similar monolith detected on Mars ' moon Phobos .
Speaking on a U.S. cable television channel last week he said : ' We should visit the moons of Mars .
' There 's a monolith there - a very unusual structure on this little potato shaped object that goes around Mars once every seven hours .
' When people find out about that they are going to say , " Who put that there ?
Who put that there ? "
Well the universe put it there , or if you choose God put it there .
'
In 2007 the Canadian Space Agency funded a study for an unmanned mission to Phobos known as PRIME ( Phobos Reconnaissance and International Mars Exploration ) .
The building - sized monolith is the main proposed landing site but not because scientists suspect UFO activity .
They believe the object is a boulder exposed relatively recently in an otherwise featureless area of the asteroid - like moon .
PRIME investigator Dr Alan Hildebrand said it could answer questions about the moon 's composition and history .
' If we can get to that object , we likely do n’t need to go anywhere else , ' he told his science team .
The fact it seems to resemble a rectangular monument could be due to simulacra .
This is where humans see familar images in random surroundings such as the famous ' Face of Mars ' , which is actually just a hilly and cratered area .
Beyond Darwin : The Future of Exoplanet Imaging
After we ’ve found an Earth - like planet with a potential for life , what further things can we do to investigate it ?
A team led by Jean Schneider ( Paris Observatory ) asks this question in a new paper , speculating that there are things a technological society does that leave a sure trace .
Given the right instruments ( no small requirement ) , we might look , for example , for Carbon Fluoro Compounds ( CFCs ) .
Well known for their damaging effects on our ozone layer , CFCs absorb infrared light at characteristic wavelengths , making their signature a revealing one .
Spotting an Extraterrestrial ‘ Techno - Signature ’
Schneider calls markers like this ‘ techno - signatures ’ ( as opposed to the more familiar ‘ bio- signatures ’ ) .
They ’re spectral features that ca n’t be explained by complex organic chemistry .
Find CFCs in the atmosphere of a distant world and you ’ve got a snapshot of technological chemical synthesis at work .
We might speculate as to whether the average civilization produces CFCs in abundance , or for that matter , whether such cultures would simply move through a period of CFC production before scouring them from their ecosystem .
That could leave us with a relatively tiny window of observing time , just as with radio waves , where we listen for an extraterrestrial signal knowing that our own culture is gradually going silent as it turns to cable and satellite .
Schneider ’s team also ponders the possibility of detecting artificially produced light on a planet , noting that earth ’s total energy production is about 40 TW .
This is roughly one millionth of the sunlight energy reflected by the whole planet , making artificial light at this power level an unlikely catch .
In fact , seeing alien city light would demand an aperture with a diameter of 1.5 kilometers .
It ’s a sobering perspective , and only one of many in this absorbing paper , which also touches on Luc Arnold ’s speculations about detecting artificial constructions that might transit in front of a distant civilization ’s star ( we ’ve discussed Arnold ’s work before on Centauri Dreams ) .
Clearly , we ’re pushing into a technology area well beyond the proposed Terrestrial Planet Finder and Darwin missions , but as long as we ’re doing so , why not push even farther ?
Direct Imaging and Its Limits
Thus Schneider posits our finding a promising planet around a nearby star , like Centauri B .
His assumption is that finding biomarkers on this world would trigger two types of projects , the first being an attempt to directly visualize living organisms .
What would it take to pull in a direct image of an organism with a size of ten meters ?
Let me quote from the paper on the staggering numbers :
A spatial resolution of 1 meter would be required .
Even on the putative closest exoplanet alpha Cen A/B b , the required baseline would be at 600 nm B = 600,000 km ( almost the Sun radius ) .
In reflected light the required collecting area to get 1 photon per year in reflected light is equivalent to a single aperture of B = 100 km .
In addition , [ if ] this organism is moving with a speed of 1 cm s- 1 it must be detected in less than 1000 sec .
To get a detection in 20 minutes with a SNR of 5 , the collecting area must then correspond to an aperture B = 3 million km .
And there you are : Snapping a photo of our ten - meter cousins on Alpha Centauri Bb is going to take a light - collecting area so vast that the project is rendered phantasmagorical .
More realistic in these circumstances , I think , to turn to FOCAL , the telescope sent to the Sun ’s gravitational focus in a mission design conceived by Claudio Maccone ( and an idea originally developed by Jean Heidmann ) .
For all the tough technology that one would require , it ’s simplicity itself compared to an aperture of 3 million kilometers .
Beyond the Conceptual Horizon
Schneider ’s take on the second project — getting a human or even robotic mission to a nearby star — is also sobering .
For one thing , such a mission would need shielding from cosmic rays and interstellar dust .
A water shell one meter thick could provide protection , but we still have the problem of accelerating up to 0.3 c or whatever cruising velocity we hope to use .
Dust is worse still .
Let me turn to the paper again for the grim numbers :
As for the threat by interstellar dust , a 100 interstellar grain at 0.3 the speed of light has the same kinetic energy than a 100 tons body at 100 km / hour .
No presently available technology can protect against such a threat without a spacecraft having itself a mass of hundreds of tons , in turn extremely difficult to accelerate up to 0.3 c .
Schneider ’s team , in discussing these matters , talks in terms of a ‘ conceptual or knowledge horizon , ’ one which limits us to making biomarker detections and then leaves us frustratingly unable to probe deeper until , in their view , many centuries of technological obstacles have been overcome .
But as we wait for that horizon to shrink , what can we realistically hope to do ?
In addition to advanced spectroscopy , large , space - based interferometers could conceivably allow many of the following direct imaging possibilities :
Direct imaging of habitable moons of giant planets
Highly improved transit spectroscopy for transiting planets
Detecting planetary moons by astrometry ( measuring the displacement of the planet ’s position due to the gravitational pull of the moon )
Constraining planetary radius for transiting planets
Direct measurement of planetary radii
All of this leads up to what could be the ultimate step , at least in terms of forseeable technology .
That would be the direct imaging of surface features like oceans and continents on a world light years away .
And as the paper notes , this approach may also allow us to detect forests and savannahs there , investigating the equivalent of the ‘ red edge ’ of terrestrial vegetation at 725 nm .
We can hope the time frame for moving beyond these limits is shorter , and that we are not as far from seeing other worlds up close as Epicurus was some 2300 years ago when he first predicted that such places must exist .
But in noting the Greek philosopher , the paper also reminds us that even as today ’s technology would have been inconceivable to Epicurus , what may emerge in an indefinite future could help us overcome these obstacles in ways we can not yet imagine .
Reference ( and a Thought on Preprints )
The paper is Schneider et al. , “ The far future of exoplanet direct characterization , ” accepted at Astrobiology and available as a preprint .
And a note on the arXiv site : Now and then I hear people say that a preprint site like arXiv is all we need to consult .
After all , the thinking goes , all new scientific papers appear there .
But nothing could be further from the truth .
For one thing , many papers appear in print only , depending on the journal involved and its policies .
But more significantly , a preprint may or may not be identical to the published version .
I ’ve seen many papers that have undergone substantial revision after the preprint first appeared .
We look at preprints at Centauri Dreams to get word of what ’s coming in the research , but what eventually appears in the journals should always be considered the gold standard .
Addendum : A note from Jean Schneider points out that the Darwin mission is no longer a part of ESA ’s program .
Indeed , the current Web site on the idea will soon be taken down .
Our near - term future in space - based exoplanet detection beyond Kepler and CoRoT is looking more and more problematic .
I want to point to an interview between conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt and Richard Dawkins , on the subject of Dawkins ’ new book , The Greatest Show on Earth : The Evidence for Evolution .
Hewitt is a practicing Catholic and lawyer , as well as a Stephen Jay Gould undergraduate student , and by no means hostile to the idea of evolution .
He has clearly spent more thought preparing for the Dawkins interview than Dawkins had done .
Hewitt , like many interviewers , spends a lot of time trying to pin down Dawkins on issues related to his previous book , The God Delusion .
But what I thought worth discussion was this section of the interview :
HH : So after Lucy , whats the next most forward one closest to us ?
RD : After Lucy , that would be , I would think , Australopithecus Africanus , or Homo Habilus .
HH : And about how many years separate those two ?
RD : About , well , actually , Homo Habilus would be only a few hundred thousand years from Lucy .
HH : And after Homo Habilus , whats next ?
RD : I would think Homo Erectus , which would be maybe about another million years , and then Homo Sapiens .
HH : And so do you expect , Richard Dawkins , that as the continued search for fossils goes on , that those gaps in the record will be filled in ?
RD : Well , I dont call them gaps .
I mean
HH : I know that , but
RD : Theyre pretty close .
HH : But do you expect any intermediate fossils to be discovered for those periods ?
RD : Yes , I do , but I dont think we even need them , because theyre already so close , that the terminology , I mean , for example , Homo Habilus is sometimes called Australopithecus Habilus , theyre so close , that the terminology becomes disputed .
HH : And do you expect they will all be in Africa ?
RD : Yes .
HH : And none of them in Asia , none of them
RD : Well , humans first moved out into Asia about one and a half million years ago as Homo Erectus , so there are specimens in Asia which were independently there , and they came from Africa .
HH : And so a hundred years from now , when this conversation is underway , what do you expect most of the argument to be about , if indeed there is an argument left ?
RD : Well , there already isnt an argument left , because if you actually look at the evidence , it is completely conclusive .
I think this is a really bad job of laying out the case for human evolution .
He ’s got the basic facts , at a superficial level , but there ’s no flavor here , no joy of discovery .
As a result , Dawkins leaves the impression that there are a handful of fossils and large gaps between them .
Thousands of listeners , many receptive to science , are hearing that the evidence for human evolution consists of three species put together by a lot of hand - waving .
And one of them , that “ Homo that could be Australopithecus ” , we do n’t even know well enough to give it a name !
Now Dawkins is not a paleoanthropologist .
So , one might think we should cut him some slack .
But human evolution is the stumbling block for a lot of people , and you have to get this right .
There are hundreds and hundreds of specimens that underlie our knowledge of Plio - Pleistocene human evolution .
Those specimens are contextualized both by date and by their paleoecology .
We know a damned lot about them .
Some aspects of the science are subject to debate , sure , but most is rock solid .
That ’s what you need to be ready to get out of your mouth in a hundred words or less .
How should you do it ?
Have a short story – I mean , literally , a 100 - word story – that conveys the flavor and reality of fossil humans .
I ’d say nowadays , you start with Dmanisi .
Here ’s a site , found under the foundation of a medieval monastery , with five fossil humans who are the earliest known people out of Africa .
In size and looks they ’re clearly in between those of earlier ape - like australopithecines and today ’s humans .
There was an old woman who was the first - known person to outlive her teeth – but unlike your grandma , her brain was half the size , and “ old ” might have meant forty .
Two teen - agers , a boy and a big , big man whose teeth were twice as big as mine .
Since they lived , one point eight million years ago , the earth ’s poles have reversed not once , but six times .
OK , that was 110 words – it ’s not easy .
But you have to be ready .
Why is Homo erectus not just a human , in the biblical sense ?
What ’s the next story up in time ( I ’d go with Atapuerca ) ?
What about backward ( Ardipithecus is a good one , but you ’ll want to do better than Dawkins ’ name - dropping mention ) ?
Lay listeners do n’t care about species names – that ’s fancy obfuscatory science - lingo .
Yes , we use species names for special purposes .
But evolutionary biology is not typology .
Species are not or unit of study – individuals and populations are .
We have more than a hundred specimens from Sterkfontein or Koobi Fora ; more than thirty - five bodies in the caves of Atapuerca .
Calling them Australopithecus africanus , or Homo erectus , or Homo heidelbergensis – those names trivialize the evidence .
People wonder why I ’m passionate about open access – this is one of the reasons .
What a great opportunity we ’re missing , by not being able to direct folks to the rich record of basic evidence for our origins .
TalkOrigins is awesome , but we need visuals , more links to research , a directory of paleoanthropologists , the reality of human genetic evolution .
I ’ve cited a small part of a very long interview , with many interesting parts .
I do n’t fault Dawkins or Hewitt at all for the focus on atheism versus religion – the fact is , that is why many interviewers are willing to have Dawkins come on , they know the ratings potential of that issue .
I just think it ’s a poor piece of communication , to be unprepared with evocative examples that will give people a vivid picture of the reality of evolution .
Because that ’s the point of the new book , right ?
It ’s one thing to come off well during a brief appearance on The Colbert Report .
But an hour - long radio show – there ’s no format better to bring out the real evidence .
But you ’ve got to be snappy .
Two solitary confinement cells used for punishing convicts in the mid-nineteenth century have been discovered on Cockatoo Island .
The cells were finished in 1841 and covered up by 1898 but have now been rediscovered in an archaeological dig on Sydney 's largest island .
Sydney Harbour Federation Trust 's Libby Bennett says it is an amazing discovery .
" They tell us a lot about what life would 've been like on the island , in particular , how they punished the prisoners there , " she told ABC News Online .
" The cells have no windows and there 's evidence of a basic timber floor and they 're very dark and damp and wet so it gives a very good insight into how life was on the island in that time . "
The dig was brought about by persistent rumours about the existence of the cells , which are under a cookhouse .
" There 's been rumours ... we knew they must have been there , but we were a bit sceptial , " Ms Bennett said .
Federal Heritage Minister Peter Garrett also says the discovery is remarkable .
" This is an extremely rare find from Australia 's convict past , " he said .
" The cells are rare physical evidence from Australia 's convict past and will help us to understand what it was like to be imprisoned on Cockatoo Island . "
Cockatoo Island , which was listed on the National Heritage List in 2007 , was first used as a convict jail in the late 1830s .
It was used for hard labour and severe punishment for more serious offenders .
The island was later used as a government shipyard and remained a major dockyard until 1992 .
Social Engineering , the USB Way
Those thumb drives can turn external threats into internal ones in two easy steps
We recently got hired by a credit union to assess the security of its network .
The client asked that we really push hard on the social engineering button .
In the past , they 'd had problems with employees sharing passwords and giving up information easily .
Leveraging our effort in the report was a way to drive the message home to the employees .
The client also indicated that USB drives were a concern , since they were an easy way for employees to steal information , as well as bring in potential vulnerabilities such as viruses and Trojans .
Several other clients have raised the same concern , yet few have done much to protect themselves from a rogue USB drive plugging into their network .
I wanted to see if we could tempt someone into plugging one into their employer 's network .
In the past we had used a variety of social engineering tactics to compromise a network .
Typically we would hang out with the smokers , sweet - talk a receptionist , or commandeer a meeting room and jack into the network .
This time I knew we had to do something different .
We heard that employees were talking within the credit union and were telling each other that somebody was going to test the security of the network , including the people element .
We figured we would try something different by baiting the same employees that were on high alert .
We gathered all the worthless vendor giveaway thumb drives collected over the years and imprinted them with our own special piece of software .
I had one of my guys write a Trojan that , when run , would collect passwords , logins and machine - specific information from the users computer , and then email the findings back to us .
The next hurdle we had was getting the USB drives in the hands of the credit unions internal users .
I made my way to the credit union at about 6 a.m. to make sure no employees saw us .
I then proceeded to scatter the drives in the parking lot , smoking areas , and other areas employees frequented .
Once I seeded the USB drives , I decided to grab some coffee and watch the employees show up for work .
Surveillance of the facility was worth the time involved .
It was really amusing to watch the reaction of the employees who found a USB drive .
You know they plugged them into their computers the minute they got to their desks .
I immediately called my guy that wrote the Trojan and asked if anything was received at his end .
Slowly but surely info was being mailed back to him .
I would have loved to be on the inside of the building watching as people started plugging the USB drives in , scouring through the planted image files , then unknowingly running our piece of software .
After about three days , we figured we had collected enough data .
When I started to review our findings , I was amazed at the results .
Of the 20 USB drives we planted , 15 were found by employees , and all had been plugged into company computers .
The data we obtained helped us to compromise additional systems , and the best part of the whole scheme was its convenience .
We never broke a sweat .
Everything that needed to happen did , and in a way it was completely transparent to the users , the network , and credit union management .
Of all the social engineering efforts we have performed over the years , I always had to worry about being caught , getting detained by the police , or not getting anything of value .
The USB route is really the way to go .
With the exception of possibly getting caught when seeding the facility , my chances of having a problem are reduced significantly .
Youve probably seen the experiments where users can be conned into giving up their passwords for a chocolate bar or a $ 1 bill .
But this little giveaway took those a step further , working off humans ' innate curiosity .
Emailed virus writers exploit this same vulnerability , as do phishers and their clever faux Websites .
Our credit union client wasnt unique or special .
All the technology and filtering and scanning in the world wont address human nature .
But it remains the single biggest open door to any companys secrets .
Disagree ?
Sprinkle your receptionist 's candy dish with USB drives and see for yourself how long it takes for human nature to manifest itself .
 Steve Stasiukonis is VP and founder of Secure Network Technologies Inc. Special to Dark Reading
Do n't bottle it now !
UK fishermen send Frost extraordinary appeal over Brexit compromise
DAVID FROST has been warned not to back down over the UK 's rich waters during this ...
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Italy 's PM recently described himself as the most persecuted man in history
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is to go back on trial in November , accused of tax fraud .
It follows a recent decision by Italy 's highest court to lift his immunity from prosecution while serving in office .
He is to stand trial on 16 November - much earlier than expected - on charges linked to the purchase of TV and film rights by his family company , Mediaset .
Mr Berlusconi denies the charges .
He also faces another trial , yet to be set , for bribing a British tax lawyer .
Mr Berlusconi had been facing two separate trials last year , before a law was passed giving him immunity while he was in office .
Now that has been lifted by Italy 's Constitutional Court , he will go back on trial .
' Many court cases '
The first case involves allegations of tax fraud surrounding Mediaset .
A second trial , where he is accused of bribing British tax lawyer David Mills , has not yet been rescheduled .
The prime minister recently revealed that he has been involved in 2,500 court cases in his long , controversial career .
He does not usually appear in court himself , leaving it to his lawyers to argue the cases for him .
Even if he is convicted , there is a long appeals procedure and a statute of limitations which may cut proceedings short .
Political analysts say if Mr Berlusconi is found guilty , that would not necessarily mean he would have to resign .
But being a convicted , serving prime minister may provide Mr Berlusconi with additional political pressures , to go along with his recent raft of personal scandals .
The job of protecting presidents started in 1894 with Grover Cleveland , who was guarded part time .
That role expanded after the assassination of William McKinley in 1901 , and it became a crime to threaten the president in 1917 .
Today , guarding the president and other top officials accounts for most of the Secret Service ’s budget , which totals about $ 1.4 billion per year and continues to grow .
Its mission soon expanded to investigating the Ku Klux Klan and conducting counterespionage operations during the Spanish - American War and World War I .
The Secret Service , long under the Treasury Department but now part of the Department of Homeland Security , was established in 1865 to thwart counterfeiting , a focus that has expanded to include a host of electronic and financial crimes .
The financial crimes mission remains robust as well , he added , citing some recent large seizures of counterfeit currency .
Asked about the concerns , Special Agent Edwin Donovan , a Secret Service spokesman , said that though “ there is no doubt the protection mission has grown , ’’ the agency can still fulfill both its missions .
“ The network and mainframe system used today struggles to support basic operations , ’’ the agency said , requesting an additional $ 33 million over last year for computers and other information technology .
Already , there are signs of strain on the agency , officials said .
Budget documents submitted to Congress this year said the agency lacks the necessary technology to keep up with threats .
“ This is a discussion going on not only in some quarters in Congress , but inside the Secret Service .
Should there be a re-look at the mission ?’’ said a government official , who like others was not authorized to speak publicly about security matters or reveal details about the number or nature of the threats .
The report , which was provided to the Globe , said such a review should look at how money and staff are allocated , and whether some of the agency ’s functions and workers should be transferred to the Treasury Department .
“ If there were an evaluation of the service ’s two missions , it might be determined that it is ineffective . . . to conduct its protection mission and investigate financial crimes , ’’ according to a inter nal report issued in August by the Congressional Research Service .
The new demands are leading some officials , both inside and outside the agency , to raise the possibility of the service curtailing or dropping its role in fighting financial crime to focus more on protecting leaders and their families from assassination attempts and thwarting terrorist plots aimed at high - profile events .
The Secret Service is tracking a far broader range of possible threats to the nation ’s leaders , the officials said , even as it also investigates financial crimes such as counterfeiting as part of its original mandate .
WASHINGTON - The unprecedented number of death threats against President Obama , a rise in racist hate groups , and a new wave of antigovernment fervor threaten to overwhelm the US Secret Service , according to government officials and reports , raising new questions about the 144 - year - old agency ’s overall mission .
The agency has been directed by Congress to guard what it describes an “ unprecedented ’ ’ number of individuals , including presidents , vice presidents , their immediate families , former presidents and vice presidents , and visiting dignitaries - as well as presidential candidates during campaigns lasting longer than ever before .
The Service currently protects 32 people - 24 full time and eight part time .
It also coordinates security at high - profile events , such as meetings of world leaders and political party conventions .
Between Oct. 1 , 2008 , and Sept. 30 , the Secret Service said it protected 116 heads of state and 58 spouses .
“ The service ’s protection mission has increased and become more urgent , due to the increase in terrorist threats and expanded arsenal of weapons that terrorists could use in an assassination attempt or attacks on facilities , ’’ according to the congressional report .
The domestic threat is also growing , fueled in part by Obama ’s election as the nation ’s first black president , according to specialists who study homegrown radical movements .
Obama , who was given Secret Service protection 18 months before the election - the earliest ever for a presidential candidate - has been the target of more threats since his inauguration than his predecessors .
Two days before Obama ’s appearance at San Francisco fund - raisers on Thursday , a 59 - year - old Northern California man was indicted on charges of sending a racist , profanity - filled e-mail threatening to kill Obama and his family .
The rambling e-mail included specific references to Michelle Obama and the phrase , “ do it to his children and family first in front of him , ’’ according to the indictment .
The Southern Poverty Law Center says that antigovernment militias and white supremacist groups have strengthened in recent years , responding to an increasingly diverse population and what they see as an expanding government .
A center study released in August found a nearly 35 percent growth in racially based domestic hate groups since 2000 - from 602 to 926 .
The center concluded that opposition to Obama ’s election has only increased the phenomenon .
“ A key difference this time is that the federal government - the entity that almost the entire radical right views as its primary enemy - is headed by a black man , ’’ the report said .
“ One result has been a remarkable rash of domestic terror incidents since the presidential campaign , most of them related to anger over the election of Barack Obama . ’’
Threatening language has also found its way into talk radio broadcasts and social networking websites , raising fears that individuals not normally considered threats to the president could be incited to violence .
For example , the Secret Service in recent months has investigated a poll posted on Facebook about whether Obama should be killed .
It has interviewed a Florida radio talk show host after a caller mentioned ammunition , target practice , and the president , and federal officials have raised concerns about several instances in which protesters carrying weapons showed up at Obama events , including a man at an August town hall in New Hampshire .
“ The racist extremist fringe is exploiting themes that strike a chord in the mainstream more than we have seen in the recent past , ’’ said Brian Levin , director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University - San Bernardino , citing several elected leaders who have questioned whether Obama is a US citizen eligible to be president .
The Secret Service has been given more resources to deal with the changing environment .
Its total number of employees has risen from 6,700 two years ago to a projected 7,055 in the new fiscal year that began Oct. 1 , with almost all the new positions for the protection mission .
Its overall budget request has grown by several hundred million dollars a year , including a nearly a 20 percent increase since 2008 for so - called protective intelligence activities , the efforts to analyze and investigate threats , according to budget documents .
But a significant share of the agency ’s budget still goes to investigating financial and other crimes , including 142 field offices nationwide and 22 overseas that also assist the search for missing and exploited children .
A new proposal in Congress would allocate $ 20 million next year for the Secret Service to expand its role and investigate mortgage fraud .
“ The establishment of a single mission , or a distinct primary and secondary mission , for the [ Secret Service ] is one option for Congress , ’’ the congressional report said .
“ One argument for this is that the majority of the Service ’s resources are used for its protection mission , and that Congress has raised the issue of the Service ’s competing missions of protection and investigation . ’’
Bryan Bender can be reached at bender@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Think everything is ok with the health system ?
Maybe if you are a fetus .
Otherwise , prepare to suffer under the mountain of pre-existing conditions for which insurance companies are seeking to reduce or eliminate coverage .
C-sections are considered a pre-existing condition and the lack of maternity care coverage is justified because " having a child is a choice . "
Think everything is ok with the health system ?
Maybe if you are a fetus .
Otherwise , prepare to suffer under the mountain of pre-existing conditions for which insurance companies are seeking to reduce or eliminate coverage .
Our colleague Lucinda Marshall of the Feminist Peace Network just called attention to a report by Think Progress that c-sections are being considered “ pre-existing ” conditions .
( This follows on a piece by our own Amie Newman on domestic abuse as a pre-existing condition . )
Marshall writes :
See this article by Miriam Perez on the over - and misuse of c-sections .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Moreover , for all the exhaltation of zygotes and fetuses , many women have no coverage of maternity care .
From Think Progress :
But that is n’t the only policy that health insurers have that primarily discriminate against women .
First of all , most individual health insurance markets do n’t cover maternity care .
In fact , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation , only 14 states have a requirement for such coverage , and the number of plans without maternity coverage continues to rise dramatically .
Why is this so ?
According to Think Progress :
Anthem Blue Cross — which has been actively fighting health care reform — considers pregnancy optional and therefore not necessary to insure
An Anthem official stated :
“ The point of insurance is to insure against catastrophic care costs .
That ’s what you ’re trying to aggregate and pool for such things as heart attacks and cancer , ” said an Anthem Blue Cross spokesman .
“ Having a child is a matter of choice .
Dealing with an adult onset illness , such as diabetes , heart disease breast or prostate cancer , is not a matter of choice . ”
I thought the bumper sticker said “ it ’s a child , NOT a choice . ”
Now I am really confused .
Lucinda Marshall puts it succinctly :
OH NO ! !
It looks like we ’re being accused of making reproductive choices again !
On the one hand you ’ve got the faux family values folks telling us that we are baby killers if we exercise the right to end a pregnancy and we also have the insurance companies sticking us with the risk of going bankrupt if we have a c-section .
Some choice .
And women are bearing all of the financial risk why ?
And what about pregnancies where the mother would have preferred to get an abortion and could n’t ?
And what about pregnancies that are because the parents did n’t understand about contraception because they attended a school with abstinence only sex ed ?
Does this spokesperson comprehend that the “ choice ” to have children is how the human species propagates ?
This is n’t about choice .
It is first of all about insurance companies being out to insure one thing only –their profits , at the expense of the health of the citizens of this nation and secondly that there are not adequate laws protecting women from misogynist profiteering that violate their human rights .
Full stop .
Enough .
We need single payer universal healthcare now and we need to pass the Equal Rights Amendment and CEDAW to insure that these horrifying practices end immediately .
So the anti-choicers want insurance companies to stop covering contraception and abortion care , but have you heard ONE peep out of them about the lack of maternity care coverage ?
I have n’t and if you have , please advise .
It ’s awwwwfully quiet out there and I am suspecting none of the plenary speakers at the so - called “ Values Voters Summit ” this week are going to be focusing on this .
Here ’s the worst pre-existing condition : Possession of a working brain .
Because if you have one , and you think about all of this , you are sure to go insane .
Quick Vote
How strong is any economic recovery in your area ?
Very strong
Small signs of a rebound
No recovery here or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A California judge awarded Facebook $ 711 million in damages against spammer Sanford Wallace for bombarding the Web site with junk messages .
" We won another battle in the fight against spam , " said Facebook , which announced the Oct. 29 ruling on its Web site on Friday .
Wallace , who has also been called the " Spam King , " accessed Facebook members ' accounts without their permission and sent out " phony " Wall posts and messages , the company said .
In addition to the damages , Judge Jeremy Fogel of U.S. District Court in Northern California 's San Jose division banned Wallace , and anyone affiliated with him , from accessing Facebook .
Facebook acknowledged that it does n't expect to get much money out of the bankrupt Wallace , but it said that he could end up behind bars .
" Most notably , the judge referred Wallace to the U.S. Attorney 's Office with a request that Wallace be prosecuted for criminal contempt , which means that in addition to the judgment , he now faces possible jail time , " read the Facebook statement .
" We will continue to pursue damages against other spammers . "
Wallace lives in Las Vegas , according to the court , and a phone message for him was not immediately returned .
This is n't the first time that Sanford was successfully sued by an online company .
In May , 2008 , MySpace won a $ 230 million judgment against Wallace for sending junk messages .
Wallace was also fined $ 4 million by the Federal Trade Commission in 2006 for his excessive pop-up ads .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Congressional Democrats moved on Wednesday to repeal the health insurance industry ’s exemption from antitrust laws , cranking up the pressure in a growing battle over President Barack Obama ’s healthcare reform plans .
The moves were the latest chapter in an escalating feud between the industry and backers of sweeping healthcare reform that would tighten regulations and create a government - run public insurance option to compete with private insurers .
The fight intensified after an industry lobbying group issued a report saying the healthcare reform plan under consideration in Congress would raise insurance premiums , which sparked protests from Democrats and the White House .
“ It ’s time to level the playing field for American healthcare consumers and make the insurance industry play by the same rules that other industries live by , ” Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid said .
Proposals in the Senate and House of Representatives would repeal or refine the antitrust exemption granted the industry in 1945 .
Supporters said the exemption limited competition in an industry where one or two companies often dominate a state insurance market .
“ It ’s a different universe today than it was in 1945 , and this exemption is antiquated , out - of - date , and does n’t belong , ” Democratic Senator Charles Schumer said .
Senate Democratic leaders said they would offer their proposal to repeal the exemption as an amendment to a sweeping bill to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system when it hits the Senate floor in the next few weeks .
The House of Representatives Judiciary Committee passed a plan to limit the exemption and make health and medical malpractice insurance companies subject to laws on price - fixing and market allocation .
House Democratic leaders said it would be folded into a healthcare reform bill that is nearly ready for floor debate .
The trade group representing the industry , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , said in a letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers the proposals “ attempt to remedy a problem that does not exist . ”
“ We believe that health insurers have not been engaging in anti-competitive conduct , ” Chief Executive Karen Ignagni said .
Obama has made his top domestic priority a healthcare overhaul that reins in costs , regulates the insurance market and expands coverage , and the insurance industry has emerged as a vocal opponent to plans for a government - run public insurance option .
Opinion polls show the public is divided on his healthcare plans , including the public option backed by Obama and liberals as a way to increase competition but derided by critics as a big - government takeover .
A USA Today / Gallup poll released on Wednesday found 50 percent backed a public option and 46 percent opposed it , but a CNN poll found 61 percent supported an insurance option administered by the government and 38 percent opposed .
HOUSE CLOSE TO DECISION
Democratic
House leaders , who have been meeting for weeks to merge three healthcare bills into one , are close to making final decisions on a plan that could include the most liberal version of a government - run public insurance option .
Democrats were conducting a head count to gauge whether a bill that includes the strong version of a public option preferred by House liberals had the 218 votes needed to pass .
“ We will have a bill passed well before Thanksgiving , ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told reporters on Wednesday .
The inclusion of the strongest possible government - run public insurance option in the House bill could force a confrontation with the Senate , where the public option has less support and is less certain to be included in a final bill .
Senate Democratic leaders are merging two bills , but only one of the proposals includes the government - run plan .
Pelosi said on Tuesday preliminary Congressional Budget Office estimates indicated all three versions of a public option would reduce the budget deficit over 10 years and at least two of the three would come in below $ 900 billion .
House Democrats were expected to meet again late on Wednesday to discuss their options .
On a related measure , Senate Democratic leaders dropped a proposal to scrap the current Medicare payment system for doctors after the bill failed to gain enough votes to clear a procedural hurdle .
Republicans and a number of Democrats opposed a proposal to boost doctors ’ payments under Medicare , the health program for the elderly , by $ 250 billion over 10 years .
Opponents were concerned the measure would add to a record $ 1.4 trillion U.S. budget deficit this year .
October 22 , 2009 Readers Have Copyright Rights Too
JaneFeatures / Letters of OpinionIntellectual Property Issues / Kindle
Yesterday , there was an article in the New York Times about ebooks and the increase of ebook reading and possible dangers .
The plus takeaway was that Kindle readers purchase more books than most heavy book purchasers .
Amazon for example , says that people with Kindles now buy 3.1 times as many books as they did before owning the device .
That factor is up from 2.7 in December 2008 .
So a reader who had previously bought eight books from Amazon would now purchase , on average , 24.8 books , a rise from 21.6 books .
We romance readers know that from our own experience .
Many of the early adopters of ebooks have been romance readers who buy more books than any subset of readers out there .
The negative takeaway from the Times article was that there was a reader who shared a Kindle account with someone else .
She was quoted as thinking she was probably taking advantage of a loophole .
Ms. Englin has linked her Kindle to the Amazon account of some nearby friends , allowing all of them to read books like " The Lost Symbol " at the same time -‘ while paying for them only once .
" I read much more , I tend to read faster for some reason , and I read a greater variety of things , " said Ms. Englin , adding that this is nearly the same as lending a physical book to friends .
" We have n’t really looked closely at Amazon ’s terms of service .
But I do suspect we are breaking the rules . "
This caused some authors to start calling her a thief and trying to shame her .
I pointed out that the Kindle Terms of Service allow for up to six devices to be registered to a single account .
A number of authors did not believe Eglin was acting lawfully or ethically :
Ross continued :
We ’re in total agreement .
RT @zumayabooks : @JoAnnRoss
If you ’ve only PAID for 1 copy , you ’ve stolen the other 5 .
@NinaPierce
She says it ’s not stealing .
But she ’s wrong .
I commented on the blog , will see if she allows it and what she says in response .
Ross checked with Amazon :
When you hook up a device to a Kindle account , whether it is an iPhone / iTouch or Kindle , every user of the registered device has the ability to charge books to that account so only those you really , really trust would register a device on the same account .
Then the discussion segued into more general copyright issues .
Elizabeth Burton , a publisher , had this to say :
and this :
The problem here is that the very same law that gives authors a property right to their creative work gives consumers the right of first sale and fair use privileges .
Let me state that again .
The VERY SAME LAW that creates intellectual property for authors gives readers rights too .
Here ’s how it works .
COPYRIGHT LAW gives a bundle of rights to AUTHORS .
AUTHORS sell that bundle of rights , including the right of distribution and copying to a PUBLISHER in exchange for money .
PUBLISHER exercises its purchased rights by making many copies and selling those copies in a few ways including , but not limited to , the following two :
1. A SALE which results in a consumer purchasing the book and gaining the RIGHT OF FIRST SALE and FAIR USE RIGHTS granted by same COPYRIGHT LAW .
2. A LEASE which is bound by the terms of an agreement .
In the Kindle instance , the purchase is of a lease of a book for as long as Amazon deems it appropriate for you to have access to a copy .
The contractual terms between a Kindle owner and Amazon allows for up to six devices registered to an account to simultaneously share that book .
This is not infringement as so many authors ( looking at you , Toni Blake , and others ) have suggested .
What Amazon is allowed to share with a reader is dependent on the rights that are granted to Amazon by publishers .
Hence the turning off of Text to Speech and conversely , the allowance of 6 simultaneous downloads .
To unapologetically call a reader a THIEF when she is exercising a right granted by Amazon and therefore by the publisher is terrible .
It ’s an affront to all readers .
No laws are being skirted .
No laws are changed .
Except that readers are being given the shaft .
Because some readers prefer to read digital books , our rights have been erased .
We cannot resell a digital book because no one trusts that we have deleted the originals .
We can not be allowed to share a book because the fear is that pressing the email button with an attachment being feared we are using it as a copy button .
WE ARE PRESUMED TO BE DIRTY , THIEVING CRIMINALS .
I AM VERY TIRED OF IT .
The default position is that we ebook readers are always engaged in some form of wrongdoing .
We are charged more .
We do n’t get the book at the same time .
We are constrained in how we use our books , on what devices we read them on , with whom we can share them .
We are not considered legitimate customers if we do not leave our house and buy a paper copy .
Sharing is a fundamental part of reading .
Sharing is a reader ’s way of saying “ try this , I think you ’ll like it .
There is no risk here . ”
It ’s a way of building a relationship with another reader so that the next time you are reading a book , you can say , “ get this ” and that person will go and buy it , solely on your recommendation .
From one reader to another , there is no greater expression of trust than to buy on another reader ’s recommendation .
Sharing is part of creating the reading community .
Sharing seeds reading .
It creates and generates more interest in reading .
Why is this important ?
Because the biggest threat to authors ’ livelihood is not piracy .
It is not casual sharing .
It is a declining readership .
It is rising rates of illiteracy .
It is alternative forms of entertainment .
I am not arguing that piracy is right .
It is not .
But sharing between people on one Kindle account is not piracy and to equate piracy with sharing is incredibly insulting and frustrating .
As an ebook reader , I have given up so many rights .
Thank god for people like Courtney Milan and Tessa Dare who blogged about readers ’ rights too .
Discovering what seemed like so many authors ill regard toward sharing , that so many would leap to the conclusion that sharing amongst even six readers is piracy , is so offputting that I am reluctant to foster anyone else ’s joy in reading .
If authors want us to respect them and their rights , they need to start respecting us and our rights .
Share this : Twitter
Print
Facebook
Email
More
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
It ’s not an excuse most men use to get out of their marriage , but a Lancaster , Pa. , man held up a bank to finally be free from his ( not so ) better half .
Anthony Miller , 39 , told a Lancaster County judge his wife abused him so badly that in 2007 he held up an Ephrata Bank with a BB gun so he could go to jail to get away from her , according to Lancaster Online .
" She was very abusive to me , " Miller told Judge Louis Farina .
" I was scared .
She threatened to commit suicide if I ever left her , " according to the paper .
Miller was so anxious to get caught that he even stayed an extra four minutes inside the bank after he forced the teller to hand over the money .
“ Did you call the police yet ? ” Miller asked the teller , according to the paper .
The teller eventually alerted police by setting off the bank alarm .
Police caught Miller as he was leaving .
Miller ’s defense attorney , Robert Beyer , said that when Miller ’s wife came to pick up his car after he was in custody , she met with the arresting officer .
After 20 minutes with her , the defense attorney said the officer confessed , ” I was ready for jail , too , ” according to the paper .
The judge said Miller -- who claimed he had a nervous breakdown that day -- committed a serious crime , even though the BB gun was unloaded and he never threatened to hurt anyone .
Judge Marina sentenced Miller to three to six years in prison .
Miller ’s defense attorney wanted Miller -- who already served 31 months in prison -- to get a sentence of time served .
Turning to Miller , the judge said , " We have to make sure you do n't do that again , ” according to the paper .
Some good news , at least for Miller , the couple divorced within the last year .
Get ready for Borderlands 4 - player co-op with the Borderlands Four Pack .
Get four copies of the game for the price of three and be ready for you and your friends to start playing the moment it is released !
Plus , save an additional 10 % off the Four Pack when you pre-purchase before release .
Excerpts
From Your Letters to Congress ...
It is time for us as a nation to make the leap to clean energy .
We only have one planet .
Let 's be the Step Up
Generation .
Linda F. | Fresno , CA
We 're tired of fighting wars for oil .
As a very famous American hero once said , " Let 's Roll ! "
James P. | Austin , TX
To fail now would be a huge disgrace to mankind !
To seize this moment now , and do what needs to be
done ...
John G. | Florence , OR
There IS no ' choice ' .
This is a " no- brainer " !
Charles K. C. | Austin , TX
Now is the hour !
Diann L. | Arlington , VA
Supporting Clean Energy means supporting the people and the future of the United States and the world .
Government is for the people , not the corporations .
Name not displayed | Auburn , AL
Now !
We Must !
We demand better !
NOW !
Karl K. | Saint Louis , MO
Saving the environment is very important to me ....
I want my grandchildren and their grandchildren to
experience everything that I experienced in my childhood .
Enrica Z. | Phoenixville , PA
We need this now , Maine Senators give us sun and wind energy , create jobs in Maine now , please stop
politics as usual ... and do your job now .
Anna Marie T. | Bar Harbor , ME
Politics is now literall , killing us .
Get rid of BIG OIL NOW !
Name not displayed | Houston , TX
Enough with the politics !
We 're ruining our HOME , and the home of millions of amazing creatures !
Sarah P. | Albion , PA
Let 's do this !
We need to blaze the way to forever free and clean power generation !
Winston F M. | Newport , ME
" We should tax what we burn , not what we earn . "
Alan R. | Bryn Mawr , PA
I would like to see an end to foreign oil dependency .
There is absolutely no reason why the United States
should be held for ransom by petro- dicatorships 10,000 miles away .
Jason w. | Mc Rae , GA
The Climate is in peril - I read a noted scientist anticipated human extinction in 100 years unless we radically
change toward Climate Protection .
A Carbon Tax with Cash Back might be most effective to change our
behavior .
Jan Marie R. | Bryn Mawr , PA
We need a " Manhattan Project " to develop clean energy !
Stanley M. | Geneva , NY
We want clean energy !
We want it NOW !!
Wind !
Solar !
Stop caving to big oil and big coal !
You were voted into
office to put the fill the will of the people , not the will of big corporations !!
Megan M. | Womelsdorf , PA
Get in the 21st century ...
Please !
We need a new clean energy bill !
Charles F. | Easton , PA
Polluting energy is ruining nature .
Stop now !
Cordt h. | Mill Valley , CA
It is past time and we are fed up with the shenanigans of congress .
Get us some real change in energy
policy before there are none of us left .
Annemarie B. | Attleboro , MA
We Want Clean Energy .
Its Time For You To Care
Sharon R. | Hagerstown , IN
We must act now .
Dale L. | Horn Lake , MS
NOW !!!!!!
Linda S. | Hillsdale , NY
we need clean energy NOW to reduce environmental destruction from the oil drilling !
Amy O. | San Francisco , CA
The People own this government !
We want a clean planet .
We want clean politicians .
We want ACTION FOR CLEAN ENERGY NOW !
Adam C. | Millis , MA
Children can't vote .
We must do it for them .
suzanne s. | Dedham , MA
Please support alternative energy - do it for YOUR grandchildren too !
Ann W. | Saint Louis , MO
GIVE IT TO US NOW PLEASE !
WE ARE TIRED OF WAITING !
Winston F M. | Newport , ME
Clean energy is our future .
Make oil and coal the energy source of the past .
Bill S. | Andover , MA
I hope Scott Brown puts his vote where his mouth was when campaigning , and votes what the people of
Mass want , not what the rest of the GOP wants
Dianne B. | Hadley , MA
We can't wait any longer .
The rest of the world is passing us by .
Do it NOW !
Patricia D. | Hernando , MS
America has to make some headway in the green revolution .
The earth cannot withstand and we cannot wait .
Adeline C. | Dallas , TX
... If we dont change we will have no future as a people or a planet .
We have to move toward clean and free
energy
Kiona T. | Leitchfield , KY
Its time to do what we need to do .
If congress had listened and passed all the bills they knew were right for
our country and economy .
We would not be suffering or jobless or in war !!
Marc H. | Richmond , IN
No more drilling .
Put our tax dollars into clean energy .
Ruth C. | Murphysboro , IL
We NEED clean energy now ....
Get us off the corruption and poison associated with the petroleum business .
shelly k. | Hogansburg , NY
Enough is enough !
If the disaster in the Gulf has not made it abundantly clear that America MUST end its
dependence on petroleum , then what will ?
I urge you to look beyond the influence of lobbyists , oil
companies , and our reliance on the support of terrorist governments that have a strangle - hold on our nation !
We the people DEMAND it !
Debrah D. | Garden City , MI
This is the time for WE THE PEOPLE to have the government do our will
Leonard W. | Nashville , TN
No more Brown Pelicans , Destroyed Livelihoods , and blood - money for foreign oil .
I want Clean , Abundant
American - Made Energy that will create good - paying jobs right here in the USA , and protect our one - and - only
environment !!!
Domingo A. | Middletown , NY
NO MORE OFSHORE DRILLING ...
HAVE A SPINE AND GET OUR ATTENTION AND OUR VOTES !
WE WANT
TIDAL , SOLAR , WIND , AND WE WANT IT NOW NOW !
Winston F M. | Newport , ME
No more offshore drilling !!!
Amber M. | Eastview , KY
I have voted for you to act in my stead and for the betterment of our society .
Please , help us find ways to stop
our thirst for oil .
Julianne M. | Harbor Springs , MI
We are not asking for clean energy ; we are demanding it !
Remember who you work for .
Rebecca S. | Kalamazoo , MI
please stop using oil and realize what it 's doing to our earth
david a . | New Bedford , MA
We need cleaner and safer energy , and while we need to move in that direction NOW , we must also have
enough sense to make sure that we do everything possible to make it affordable .
Both can be done ,
Michael F. | Auburn , AL
we need to stop burning fossil fuels for the betterment of the earth and for economic stability
Matthew A. | Athens , GA
Please make the Gulf Coast a Clean energy zone with assistance to theose hardest hit by the oil spill getting
retrained first .
Now is the time to demand clean energy , and the gulf coast is the place .
Krissa W. | Pensacola , FL
Why wait until the planet is completely wrecked ?
joan d. | Santa Fe , NM
I have voted for you to act in my stead and for the betterment of our society .
Please , help us find ways to stop
our thirst for oil .
It 's killing us and our planet .
Julianne M. | Harbor Springs , MI
We need to do whatever it takes to get more clean energy sources up and running , and get rid of our toxic
addiction to oil .
Marion A. | Bozeman , MT
No more off shore drilling !!!
Amber M. | Eastview , KY
Alisa E. | Columbia , NC
CLEAN ENERGY NOW !!
ENOUGH ALREADY !
I will NEVER vote for another politician who has lined his or her
pockets with big oil money !
We have to move to a greener tomorrow or we will have no tomorrow .
Please think of the planet and not
pocket books
Kiona T. | Leitchfield , KY
Clean Energy needs to happen NOW !
Colleen R. | San Jose , CA
Clean Energy is our generation 's Manhatten Project .
Ivan I. | Eau Claire , WI
HEY WASHINGTON , WAKE UP !!!!!!!
With the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , the message of cleaner energy
should not fall on deaf ears .
Charles L. | Belmont , OH
It is your duty to help save the environment .
It is time to stand up and do what is right .
Name not displayed | Georgetown , PA
Stop the Lobbyists !!
I 've had enough ...
America needs to be the leader in changing the world to a clean place
for our children .
We have the technology we just need the motivation .
Name not displayed | East Rockaway , NY
Senator Brown , please support clean energy instead of Wall Street bankers and Big Oil
Abijah J. | Mansfield , MA
Stop playing politics and insure our future .
alta h. | Orwigsburg , PA
IT'S RAINING OIL AROUND THE GULF ....
WHAT DOES IT TAKE ?
FOR GOD'S SAKE GET BEHIND CLEAN
ENERGY NOW .
Linda S. | Hillsdale , NY
Get it done .
I well remember who did not work for a strong clean energy bill .
david G. | Los Angeles , CA
Please be the leaders we need you to be and Lead us into a CLEAN ENERGY FUTURE !!
YOU CAN'T SPILL
WIND OR SOLAR !!!
Megan M. | Womelsdorf , PA
Save this planet for our children , for future generations , and for all the wildlife that has no vote in the matter .
And do it NOW !
Gail S. | East Hampton , NY
We NEED clean energy NOW !
And do n't tell me that natural gas is the solution either !
John K. | Minersville , PA
For God sakes .
Do something right for a change ..
Kathy N. | Georgetown , PA
Force the power companies to convert to renewable energy sources just like they force their toxic fly ash
waste down our throats .
Linda D. | Hookstown , PA
Congress needs to take action NOW .
This is not a game .
This is the future and we are living in the past .
Roni K. | Georgetown , PA
Give us the damned clean energy NOW .
Stop the excuses !
Stop !
winston m. | Newport , ME
Wake up !
It 's 2010 - time to put aside partisan politics and cooperate .
Leonora P. | Portland , OR
Let us be responsible Americans !
For our country , our future and our childrens children .
Irene M. | East Taunton , MA
This is the only way to TRUE energy independence !!
Drilling for more oil is not the answer .
I am sick and tired
of Republicans saying that the majority of Americans want more drilling .
The TRUTH is the majority of
Americans DON'T want more drilling .
John H. | Bloomington , IN
Drastic and immediate action is needed , as well as a serious commitment to long - term environmental
protection .
Elizabeth B. | Apex , NC
If not now , when ??
This should have been done decades ago .
Mary H. | Huntingtown , MD
Oil has destroyed my way of life here in Alabama .
I wake up and have to smell it .
Its insanity not to pass a
clean energy act .
Kimberly M. | Foley , AL
It was hard to change from slavery but it was wrong and it had to be changed .
We are faced with another
moral imperative , we have got to start changing our ways and remove oil from our lives .
I know people are
concerned about their job but they will have to change as many people have to do in their lives .
The time is
now because it will never be easy so lets use the horror from this incident and turn it into momentum
towards a better future .
Thank you .
Joyce M. | Pittsburgh , PA
STOP WORKING FOR BIG OIL AND DO WHAT IS RIGHT !
Leonard W. | Nashville , TN
You people in Washington better do something quick and create a green revolution ... otherwise you will have
a bloody revolution .
n w. | Saint Petersburg , FL
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !
We NOW must change and shift our behavior towards creating a more sustainable
future .
THE TIME IS NOW !
Elizabeth R. | Anchorage , AK
Enough is enough !
It 's time to get off the oil and all the other non-renewable engery !
The time is now !
If this
is n't a wake up call to all in Government .
Well shame on you !
What I do know , come Noverember I will
remember everyone that did n't pass the clean energy act .
Chris K. | Fredericksburg , VA
Government is supposed to be " We The People " , not we the corporation !!!
Representatives , you were voted
into office to represent US , the people of this great country , NOT billionaires and their corporations and pet
projects !!!
Wake up NOW or you will find out what unemployment is all about from experience !
John K. | Minersville , PA
it IS time for FORCED change .
it is time to RISE .
it is time for revolution to innovation .
it is time we promoted
water , solar , wind , & electric , & outlawed gas & oil .
SHAWN W. | Joplin , MO
We have had the power and the will to implement alternative energy for many years .
It 's been Congress and
the Presidency that has blocked the will of the people they pretend to serve !
This ends now .
NND | Greenfield , MA
WE WANT WINDMILL FARMS EVERY PLACE THE WIND BLOWS CONSTANTLY , EVEN THE OCIEN TIDAL
GENERATION , FILL EVERY DESART WITH SOLAR PANEL FARMS , AND TAX BREAKS FOR EVERY HOME
OWNER TO SWITCH TO SOLAR AND WIND POWER , AND R&D FOR HIGH CAPACITY BATTERY
PRODUCTION FOR ELECTRIC CARS ,
winston F M. | Newport , ME
We have our wake - up call , so now let 's WAKE UP !
We must start producing clean energy !
Margaret M. | Gulf Breeze , FL
If we are having to drill to 20,000 feet below the ocean 's bottom at 5000ft from the surface to get at oil , then it's
pretty clear that we are running out of oil soon .
We need to transition from the oil economy into an economy
based on renewable energy to avoid disaster .
Wind , solar , geothermal , hydropower and biowaste all work -
NOW .
Konrad R. | North Bend , WA
Do the right thing !
We need clean energy NOW !!!!
Rosemary S. | Ardmore , PA
It is imperative that the whole government get behind the initiative to wean ourselves off fossil fuels .
Virginia B. | Summit , NJ
End the subsidies for coal and oil ..offer them instead to solar , wind , hydro ....
Joseph O. | Long Pond , PA
The last eight Presidents have promised clean energy in the near future .
Lets finally make it a reality .
Thank
you
Barbara Y. | Orlando , FL
How much longer can we deny our addiction to fossil fuels ?
It 's getting pathetic and embarrassing .
Let 's be a
global leader and switch to clean , renewable sources of energy !
Name not displayed | Saratoga Springs , NY
Please listen to Us our children need clean air
Anna Marie T. | Bar Harbor , ME
The Disaster in the Gulf of Mexico really opened my eyes to the nightmare we are creating with our petroleum
.
shelly k. | Hogansburg , NY
We want to get clean power NOW !
No more waiting !
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE - For our kids and grandkids
and
great great grandkids !
PLEASE let 's get this done !
Winston F M. | Newport , ME
Its about time we get off the oil and take charge as a super power , rebuild america
william m. | Trenton , NJ
CLEAN ENERGY ... Become a voice for the future !
katrina g. | Pensacola , FL
The World .. Is Watching !
lori f. | Port Saint Lucie , FL
Work in revolutionary ways to create a clean energy America .
What sort of world do you want for your children , your grandchildren ?
Mary G. | Westerly , RI
We need clean , SAFE energy NOW .
NOT LATER .
WE CANNOT AFFORD LATER !
BRENDA C. | Hilo , HI
. Elected officials , our country is waiting and watching .
Show us what you are capable of doing .
Today..not
tomorrow .
Peggy A. | Cumming , GA
STOP OFFSHORE DRILLING and Help Find A New Clean Energy Solution !!!!
This too will bring millions of
jobs .
Name not displayed | El Paso , TX
Support clean energy research !
Brian S. | Paoli , PA
The oil gusher should be our warning not our demise !!!
Tammara K. | Saint Petersburg , FL
History is watching .
How will you be remembered ?
Virginia P. | Brooklyn , NY
Do the right thing ! ~ I trust you will .
Thanks .
Jodi M. | Wayne , PA
Clean energy is cleaner in all aspects .
If a windfarm breaks down , it 's not going to pollute the environment !
Christina H. | State College , PA
We have to do this .
We truly can NOT afford not to .
I look into the smiling , trusting faces of my children and
know in my heart one thing - we must do this FOR THEM !
It 's not about us , or party affiliation anymore .
This is
about the human race and preserving the earth we so depend on
Mindy R. | Grand Junction , CO
Society learns from and follows its leaders .
If the country is lead as a resourceful country , business practices
and consumers will follow .
Elisabeth R. | Phoenix , AZ
Clean energy is cleaner in all aspects .
If a windfarm breaks down , it 's not going to pollute the environment !
Christina H. | State College , PA
There is so much potential in so many diferent technologies .
We need to have a policies for diverse
sustainable energy systems .
Bob E. | Barto , PA
Now is the time to act for clean energy .
Lari P. | Mercer Island , WA
This crisis demands immediate action .
e are depending on each of you .
Thank you .
Anne R. F. | Wayne , PA
There is a hole in the Earth killing our ocean as we speak .
Is n't that a red flag in and of itself ?
David B. | Appleton , WI
Rome is burning , folks .
Let 's finally say no to the corporate greed that has kept us on the fossil fuel path , and
put our money and resources into making safe , renewable , clean energy ( no nukes ! ) a reality .
Name not displayed | Los Gatos , CA
The time has come for rhetoric to stop , and in place we have action .
We need to get off of our addiciton to oil .
It is a threat to our national security and our enviroment .
Brett C. | Salt Lake City , UT
If we do n't unite on this , what kind of a disaster are we waiting for to unite us ?
Let the healing begin !
Z. A. | Union City , CA
WAKE UP !
The earth has had enough abuse at the hands of humans .
It 's time to respect that which gives us
our lives .
There are many options to create and provide clean , economical and sustainable energy .
PLEASE ,
get out of bed with big oil and put the welfare of the planet first .
BE LEADERS !
Show the world that we care
about the generations to come and we are committed to making a difference .
Please listen to us ... and
remember who voted you into office !
Lisa S. | Orange , CA
Please Government doing something , I voted you for that .
Name not displayed | Culver City , CA
go green , save us before it's too late
sam h. | Newtown , PA
What are you waiting for .... the complete destruction of America and the planet .
peter j. | Seattle , WA
We are way behind where we should be in this effort for a Clean Energy revolution and the whole world is
already suffering consequences with much worse ones to follow ...
How much longer , Congress , are you
going to wait ?
How much more devastation and suffering do we all have to witness ?
How much worse are
you going to let it get , before you get it in gear and take decisive action ...
The whole world is waiting ...
Robert P. | Godfrey , IL
DO SOMETHING WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER YOU SAY YOU WILL WELL IT IS TIME SO DO
SUMTHING CUZ EVERYTHING ISN GOING FAST
Nikita S. | Mechanicsburg , PA
Just do it !
We 've been waiting long enough for you all in Congress to do something right & responsible to
make CLEAN ENERGY a national priority !
How else will we survive !
Michele J. | Aurora , IL
END OIL DEPENDENCY NOW !
WE'VE SEEN WHAT IT DOES !
NO MORE OIL !
NO MORE PETROLEUM !
NO
MORE GAS !
WE DEMAND CLEAN ENERGY NOW !!!
Sarah D. | Elkton , MD
*** Move away from Big Oil and towards Energy Alternatives Now !! ***
Michael F. | Bloomingdale , NJ
Please STOP the madness !
Sharon B. | Lexington , SC
No More Oil !!
Michelle D. | Austin , TX
" Just do it ! "
Name not displayed | Arlington , VA
We have the means of having clean energy .. NO MORE OIL !!!!
Carla L. | Bayonne , NJ
clean / renewable energy is NEEDED NOW for our vehicles .
NO MORE OIL !!!!!!
NO MORE GREED
Anthony A. | Tampa , FL
Ares 1 - X rocket on eve of launch
On the night before its planned experimental test launch , the Ares 1 - X rocket stands atop Kennedy Space Center 's pad 39B awaiting the start of its countdown to blastoff .
This first collection of images was taken from launch pad engineering video cameras .
Photo credit : NASA TV
This second collection of images was taken Monday by NASA photographer Bill Ingalls .
Providers of cloud computing services like Google are equipped to protect millions of users ' data every day – it 's core to how we run our business .
Our users enjoy our economies of scale at minimal expense .
We also employ some of the world 's best security experts to help to make sure that your data stays safe .
On October 1 , join us for a live webcast with some of our top security experts who are on the front lines of fighting spam , malware , and phishing for Google Apps users , designing identity management systems for hosted web apps , and monitoring the Google network for potential threats .
Register for this live webcast , “ How Google Tackles IT Security – and What You Can Learn From It , ” to learn about security in the cloud and get your questions answered by members of Google 's Security team .
Participants include :
Eran Feigenbaum –
As the Director of Security for Google Apps , Eran Feigenbaum defines and implements security strategy for Google 's suite of solutions for enterprises .
Prior to joining Google in 2007 , Eran was the US Chief Information Security Officer for PricewaterhouseCoopers .
John Flynn – John “ Four ” Flynn has an extensive background in network monitoring , intrusion detection , and incident response .
John currently leads Google 's Security Monitoring program and is a founder of Google 's Security Metrics group .
Bradley Taylor – Gmail 's “ Spam Czar , ” Brad Taylor leads Gmail 's technical anti-spam , anti-abuse , and email delivery engineering efforts .
Brad has played a key role in the development of Gmail 's spam filter since Gmail launched in April , 2004 .
Eric Sachs – Eric Sachs has over 15 years of experience with user identity and security for hosted web applications .
During his years at Google , he has worked as a Product Manager for many services including Google Accounts , Google Apps , orkut , Google Health , Google Security , and Internal Systems .
While circumstances may vary , most IT departments face similar security challenges .
Find out more from the people who confront these issues every day here at Google .
Join us for our live webcast to learn about the people , best practices , and technologies that we have in place to minimize security threats .
How Google Tackles IT Security – and What You Can Learn From It
Thursday , October 1 , 2009
11:00 a.m. PDT / 2:00 p.m. EDT / 6:00 p.m. GMT
We hope to see you there .
Posted by Serena Satyasai , Google Apps team
That was not necessarily true when the Lions played recently at Venice High School .
After the game , while his mother , Janet Jones , fell into conversation with other parents on the field , a steady stream of people drifted over to his father to have photographs taken with him .
As Wayne Gretzky walked toward the exit , fans continued to give chase .
Between poses , he pleaded , “ Janet , let ’s go ! ”
Nick Montana ’s father watches games from the top row of bleachers , a foam cup of coffee in one hand and a baseball cap low on his forehead .
Shortly after Nick threw an interception at Venice , Joe Montana cupped his hands over his mouth and shouted in his son ’s direction .
Nick was oblivious , but a teammate nudged him and gestured in his father ’s direction .
Looking up , Nick Montana saw his father point his fingers at his eyes and motion as if he were trying to bail water out of a boat .
He wanted his son to go through his receiver progressions .
Later , Nick Montana shrugged and said , “ I had no idea . ”
He was a toddler in 1994 when his father played his 15th and final N.F.L. season , with Kansas City .
Trevor was 6 in 1999 when his father wrapped up his 20 - year N.H.L. career , with the Rangers .
Because they cannot remember much of their fathers ’ playing days , each has Rose Mary Woods - like gaps in his knowledge of his father ’s career .
Image Wayne Gretzky with his son , Trevor , who is the backup quarterback on the Lions .
Credit ... Danny Moloshok for The New York Times
During an ESPN interview last year , Nick Montana said he did not know the player on the receiving end of the Catch .
( It was Dwight Clark . )
Trevor Gretzky , who is 6 feet 4 inches and took a turn in goal at his father ’s fantasy camp in Canada two years ago , drew a blank when his father said he filled the net like Ken Dryden , the 6 - 4 Hall of Fame goaltender who won six Stanley Cups with the Montreal Canadiens .
For the second week of camp there ’s a 4 day plus a 3 day camp instead of one 6 day camp .
And this week I ’m a HORSE COUNSELLOR which is mildly scary because I do n’t know anything about horses !
The program is bits and bridles and is a beginners horse program for 8 - 10 year olds .
Fir the 4 day camp ( Sunday – weds ) I had 9 kids .
Which is loaaads .
I had asha , Makenna , Jordan , Brenna , alessandra , Abigail , Ava , Clara and Lucia .
There was a lot of kids so they were quite hard to control but we ’re pretty well behaved on the whole .
On Monday and Tuesday I spent just under 6 hours each day down at the barn .
On Monday half the girls were riding while half stayed in and did barn science .
In the morning I mostly sat and watched because there was n’t much I could do ..
Then in the afternoon the specialists all disappeared and I was left on my own to teach barn science to 40 or so kids .
So I had no lesson plan or anything and I had to teach all the parts of the saddle and all about different breeds and colours of horses .
All the information I had was what I ’d listened to in the morning so it was kind of terrifying but I think I did a pretty good job considering .
It ’s a good job I have a decent memory .
then on Tuesday half the girls were riding in the arena and then in trail while half were in the barn doing the barn jobs .
I thought I ’d be put in the barn seeing as I ’m not much use helping kids to ride but they put me out in the arena and on trail for both morning and afternoon .
I had to help girls saddle up and advise them on posture and how to ride etc all day even though I ’ve never been on a horse .
It was slightly difficult but I just kind of listened to the other instructors and think it went quite well .
I was originally only supposed to do he morning but then after that session they put me on afternoon too so I hope that means I did a good Job .
I learned a lot about riding horses and I feel like I can now teach someone to ride a horse even though I ’ve never done it myself .
Hopefully sometime this summer I ’ll get a chance to teach myself to ride !
Overall being a horse counsellor was not as bad as I thought it would be !
I have to do the 3 day horse camp too this week but then I ’m hoping I can go back to being a regular counsellor because I feel a bit like a fraud when I ’m pretending to know all about horses to the kids that are paying hundreds of dollars to be here !
It ’s 20:45 on Wednesday night now , the 4 day camp left after lunch today and I ’m exhausted .
I had to do polar bear as an early morning activity this morning but I accidentally forgot to set my alarm so I woke up at 6:40 and had to rush to get ready .
I was there early but I did n’t have time to get the kids ready so only 5 kids turned up .. oops !
On Tuesdat night we had a big scare though .
We were on our break at about 6.45 pm which is when the kids have free time to go either swimming or hiking .
The sirens started going off which means there ’s an emergency and it turned out there was a missing child .
Because the child was supposed to be in the lake it was a waterfront emergency which means most of the staff go straight to the lake and start searching it .
Weve practised it and it ’s very regimented so you ca n’t just jump in and start searching , you have to search in an order to ensure that every part of the lake gets searched .
It was an emergency so everyone was just right in with the clothes they were wearing at the time .
I went with loca to run around the back of camp .
We ran for about 20 minutes ( on the plus side the run showed how much fitter I ’ve got since being at camp because a month ago I never would have been able to run that far , although the adrenaline probably helped ) .
Luckily the missing person was found , it turned out she had just walked off without telling anyone but it shook a lot of people up and her counsellor especially was in tears because she thought it was her fault .
It was pretty scary but everyone handled it really well .
Frazzle , the director , was n’t on camp at the time so Lola , the assistant director had to handle it all on her own which was the first time she ’d done that .
In the night when the kids were asleep she came around with chocolate to make sure everyone was ok .
Also this means that that was out second real alarm in 2 weeks with the last one being a hurricane warning so it ’s not a great track record .
Anyway , we have the rest of Wednesday night off because the 3 day campers do n’t come until tomorrow 9 am so me loca and echo are watching the devil wears Prada in the staff room and I , going to bed soon because I ’m tired !
About Our Firm :
In 1984 , Bob Kalish opened a solo practice with only himself and one assistant .
Fresh from law school , he set about building his practice and focused on families and businesses in the rapidly growing area of South Montgomery County and North Harris County .
Now , 35 years later , the Kalish Law Office team is still working hard at providing legal services in a professional , friendly atmosphere .
Because we know that dealing with any legal issue can be stressful and life - changing , we make it our goal to provide knowledge and support to our clients and to the community .
Taking the mystery out of legal jargon and procedure can help you feel more in control , and less likely to get overwhelmed .
For that reason , we write a legal blog that is designed to give good , practical tips to our readers and we provide our clients with oral and written information to help them understand their case better .
When you arrive at our office , we welcome you with a smile .
We do our best to be friendly and approachable , and to help you feel comfortable while you are with us .
Depending on your case , we may be together for a while and we will work with you as a team .
California Democratic Party Chairman John Burton says one of the state 's most politically powerful unions has threatened to cut off funding for the party over his support for a group that has broken away from the labor organization .
The rift could drive a wedge between the party and one of its most generous donors .
The state council of the Service Employees International Union has directed $ 700,000 to the Democratic Party since 2007 and millions more to Democratic candidates and causes .
Burton said SEIU ’s California president , Bill Lloyd , made the threat as Burton was set to appear last week at a San Francisco fundraiser for the splinter group , the National Union of Healthcare Workers .
" They threatened me , " said the 76 - year - old Burton .
Burton said that he was championing union workers " when [ SEIU 's national president ]
Andy Stern was in college . "
He hailed the breakaway union 's leader , Sal Rosselli , as a lifelong friend and “ one of the strongest labor leaders in this state . ”
Mary Gutierrez , a spokeswoman for SEIU ’s state council , would neither confirm nor deny any warning from Lloyd to Burton .
“ Formal discussions have n’t been had with our board , " which would have to vote to cut off funding , she said .
-- Shane Goldmacher in Sacramento
I ’m not prone to hyperbole so take this as gospel : even if I caught Prince Harry and Gary Glitter adorned in Nazi regalia defecating through my grandmother ’s letterbox I would still consider making them listen to this album too severe a punishment .
And she ’s just had new carpets put in .
BrokeNCYDE – a crunk / gangsta / screamo / R&B hybrid – should be respected and feared in the same way that Captain Kirk respects and fears the Klingons , which is why I ’m firing intergalactic blue nuclear death straight at their fat fucking faces .
It ’s like having an Auto - Tuned , crack - addled Cher with a hard - on bearing down on you singing , “ Let ’s get freaky ” .
On the plus side , it is pretty catchy .
Writer name
More on this artist :
Brokencyde NME Artist Page
Brokencyde MySpace
PARIS , France —
On this point both sides agreed :
No one expected so much ink to spill in the days after Creteil Bebel , a soccer team made up of mainly Muslim players , refused to play a match against Paris Foot Gay , a club that welcomes homosexual and heterosexual players .
But after the dispute played out in the press for more than a week , a resolution finally came in the form of a one - line note last week from the sports league governing the amateur teams .
Creteil Bebel was ejected from the league , the brief message said , for " refusing the match on discriminatory grounds . "
Alan Daligault , a Paris Foot Gay captain , who also holds administrative duties that include checking the team ’s messages , was the first to see the email from Creteil Bebel refusing to play .
" I was shocked , " the 25 - year - old said , at how polite it was .
" What shocked most was the tone ; it left the impression that it was something quite normal , that our response should have been ' OK , have a nice Sunday ; see you later . ' "
The widely circulated email said : " Sorry , but in light of the name of your team and in keeping with the principles of our team , which is a team of practicing Muslims , we cannot play against you ; our convictions are stronger than a simple game of soccer .
Sorry to have informed you so late . "
The backlash brought some prickly and sensitive issues to the fore , namely religion and its place in a secular France as well as homophobia in sports and society at large .
The media coverage also stirred debate about the merits of fighting for a cause , such as gay rights , versus not making an issue of one 's convictions in a country where emphasizing differences is frowned upon .
The story also took an ugly turn that both sides said was unfortunate — a slant that seemed to pit Islam against the gay community .
At an Oct. 13 hearing to determine what sanctions the offending team should face , Bencheikh Farid , a Creteil Bebel captain , his voice cracking at times , read from a handwritten statement .
The team ’s lawyer was present but not allowed to address the 50 or so players and league officials .
After spouting off a few lines in legalese about the team ’s rights to defend itself , Farid , 34 , conveyed his apologies to the opposing team and expressed that his club would still like to play the match .
He said the team ’s president , Zahir Belgharbi , made the " mistake " of sending the " awkwardly worded " email to Paris Foot Gay on the eve of the Oct. 4 match .
However , given the league 's strict rules on discrimination and Belgharbi 's absence from the hearing , the committee must have decided it was too little too late .
The next day it announced it had ejected Creteil Bebel .
Paris Foot Gay issued a press release two days later , as it does in all sports - related matters deemed homophobic .
The club ’s co-founder and current president , Pascal Brethes , said his phone has n’t stopped ringing since .
Founded five years ago , the club welcomes players of all stripes and exists as a place " where gay players do n’t have to hide their homosexuality , " he said .
Currently , no professional soccer player in France has identified himself as gay , Brethes said , citing an atmosphere of intolerance that persists even though five out of 20 professional teams have signed charters promising to fight against homophobia in their ranks .
" The rest do n't want to sign , " Brethes said .
" What are their reasons ? "
Creteil Bebel 's early attempts to defend the e-mail included Belgharbi going on the air to proclaim that he was not homophobic but had a problem with the team 's name , which he said seemed to put sexual preference ahead of the sport .
Both teams were adamant that playing the sport was their priority .
That Belgharbi was not present to defend his statements at the hearing only made his lapse in judgment that much harder to forgive , some in the audience said .
Farid , the captain , said the media pressure had traumatized Belgharbi .
" He has had to turn off his phone , his family has been harassed and media cameras have shown up at his job , " Farid said .
Brethes had previously expressed compassion for the team , saying that they had never experienced such a media storm , a statement confirmed by Farid , who said the match against Paris Foot Gay was to be the team ’s second since it was formed only this season .
A few nights before the hearing , at a restaurant where the team usually gathers for dinner after a match , Paris Foot Gay members pored over a front - page newspaper story about the conflict .
They marveled at being mentioned in Les Guignols , the satirical puppet show about the day ’s news .
The story did not seem to be going away .
Brethes said one way for the two teams to put the matter behind them was to join forces and compete against celebrities and artists in a benefit match against discrimination .
He has scheduled the match for Nov. 14 .
Creteil Bebel , however , declined the invitation .
Reached by phone , Farid said " there 's nothing more to say " about the matter , especially in light of the team 's punishment , which he found particularly " harsh . "
" Forcing people to listen to you does n’t work , " Brethes said .
" If we can grow from this ... .
If people want to evolve , it will be a victory . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama has declared 2009 H1N1 swine flu a national emergency , the White House said on Saturday .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
The declaration will make it easier for U.S. medical facilities to handle a surge in flu patients by allowing the waiver of some requirements of Medicare , Medicaid and other federal health insurance programs as needed , the White House said in a statement .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday that swine flu has become widespread in 46 of the 50 U.S. states , a level comparable to the peak of ordinary flu seasons but far earlier and with more waves of infection expected .
Obama signed the statement on Friday night .
The White House statement said the declaration was intended to prepare the country in case of “ a rapid increase in illness that may overburden health care resources . ”
It was similar to disaster declarations issued before hurricanes hit coastal areas .
“ It ’s important to note that this is a proactive measure -- not a response to a new development , ” an administration official said .
“ H1N1 is moving rapidly , as expected .
By the time regions or healthcare systems recognize they are becoming overburdened , they need to implement disaster plans quickly , ” he said .
Seasonal flu normally peaks sometime between late November and early March and kills about 36,000 Americans in an average year .
Swine flu has hit young adults and children the hardest , while seasonal flu normally is more dangerous for people over age 65 .
H1N1 , declared a public health emergency earlier in the year , has killed more than 1,000 people in the United States and put more than 20,000 in the hospital since it emerged earlier this year , the CDC said .
But health officials are quick to note that the actual number of cases cannot be measured .
The new declaration clears the way for waivers of federal requirements that , for example , could prevent hospitals from establishing off - site , alternate care facilities that could help them deal with emergency department demands , the White House said .
The Health and Human Services Department is trying to deliver vaccines against H1N1 but says production is falling short of projections because companies are having trouble making them .
HHS has also moved to make available stockpiles of antiviral drugs oseltamivir , made by Roche AG under the brand name Tamiflu , and zanamivir , an inhaled drug made by GlaxoSmithKline under the brand name Relenza .
On Friday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued an emergency use authorization for an experimental new drug called peramivir , made by Biocryst Pharmaceuticals Inc and licensed to Shionogi & Co Ltd .
The authorization allows the intravenous drug to be used in hospitalized patients who cannot take pills or inhale Relenza or when Tamiflu or Relenza do not seem to be helping .
The victims were travelling to register a candidate for the elections
At least 46 people are now known to have died in a mass political killing the Philippines , after more bodies were discovered in a shallow grave .
Philippine President Gloria Arroyo has declared a state of emergency in two provinces on the island of Mindanao to allow police to search for the gunmen .
The victims were killed as they were travelling to file nomination papers for elections next May .
It is one of the worst incidents of pre-poll violence in the Philippines .
There are conflicting reports about whether anyone survived .
More bodies
On Monday it was announced that 21 bodies had been found .
This number has now increased to 46 and the death toll from the incident may rise still further .
ANALYSIS Vaudine England , BBC Asia analyst
The brutality of the killings in Maguindanao has highlighted the domination of Philippines politics by guns , warlords and lawlessness .
It has also changed the nature of " rido " , the local word for clan wars and vendetta .
Rido has long focused on election disputes or land conflicts and has involved killing , but usually of one person at a time and avoiding the killing of women or non-relatives .
This incident targeted women and journalists who were not members of either powerful family involved .
Complicating the mix in Mindanao is the ongoing Muslim and communist insurgencies which have long been used by the authorities to justify new sources of funding for local favourites .
Clan link to killings " It 's a big area where these bodies were found .
They are finding a couple of bodies every couple of hours or so , " Interior Secretary Ronaldo Puno was quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
He described a farming area covered in hastily dug graves , several kilometres away from where the killing is thought to have occurred .
A bulldozer was parked nearby .
All the victims were civilians , including the wife of the vice - mayor of Buluan , a town in Maguindanao province , who had intended to file nomination papers for her husband to run for governor in local elections next year .
An investigator at the scene told reporters all victims had been shot at close range , some in their vehicles and others apparently while fleeing .
Warlord culture " It is an undying fact that Philippines is still ruled by clans and warlords - and these people are monsters created by President Gloria Arroyo and past governments , " said Marites Vitug , editor of Newsbreak and author of several books on Mindanao , corruption and politics .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Central government in the Philippines is habitually weak and buys local support by supporting the local patriarchs .
Complicating the mix in Mindanao is the ongoing series of Muslim and communist insurgencies which have long been used by the authorities to justify new sources of funding for local favourites .
In this case some of the suspected killers were " Civilian Volunteers " , groups of young men organised to support the local police in " anti-insurgency " work .
" The volunteers are supposed to support the police but in the process they are used by warlords .
Budgets are limited for the police so it is common knowledge that powerful local families support them financially , " said Ms Vitug .
The dominance of patronage politics in the Philippines , she explained , has allowed political families to thrive .
The BBC's Vaudine England says both clans in this case are allied to Mrs Arroyo , limiting analysts ' expectations of any effective response from the central government .
The country is to hold nationwide elections in May 2010 .
Registration for local and national races began earlier this month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mon , 2009-11-09 00:21 — Silly_Mommy
I 've been clicking around the ' Way of the Master ' website and let me just say , first off , it 's simply puke - tastic !
The homepage reminds me of a bad local car commercial , and I can almost hear them in the background chanting , " Sell , sell , sell ! "
That 's what it comes down to , though , how many of their videos and altered Bibles can they sell ?
And they 've really pulled out all the stops too : the flashy graphics , the comforting photos encountering people " just like you , " the exciting sounds !
They bombard you with links and advertisements to attend conferences , price reductions for books , and videos about how to " get on fire for God . "
They are doing exactly what I saw an anti-abortion website do not too long ago ; they post anything and everything they can on the homepage with the hopes you 'll find SOMETHING which appeals to you , enticing you into hidden folds within their propaganda .
It 's all a sales tactic , really .
I should know too , having worked in sales and customer service since I was legally able to hold a job .
Preaching their " message " has a lot to do with their approach , assuming the consumer comes to their website on a " slightly interested " level regarding what they 're selling .
Their second part to this sales pitch for Jesus is attempting to debunk the competition ... the competition in this case being non-theists .
Next to all of these features showing how great THEY are , they have a video challenging Darwin 's Origin of Species .
This , specifically , reminded me of my days of working at an electronics store .
We heartily boasted that we had the lowest prices , would match any price , and had superior customer service than any other store in town .
For us , we had to constantly shop around and keep on our toes should anyone try to outdo us .
For ' Way of the Master ' , they took the easy way out of this by disputing the words of someone who 's been dead for over 100 years !
Those like myself will object to their illogical rationalizations , but unless the consumer is seeking these objections out , Ray Comfort and Kirk Cameron are free to post whatever they choose without worry about on - site backlash or legal ramifications .
They have chosen the easiest route in order to gain a loyal following , and have done so in a very classic yet non-personal way .
It 's an extremely lazy and , dare I say , cheap way to appeal to people .
Obviously it has n't deterred many from following their " teachings " but as a non-believer , I question their level of hypocrisy and challenge them to actually try to take all of their " flash " out of what they do , if they TRULY believe what they say is truth .
For them , would n't their messages about God and Jesus be enough , if it is actually morally and spiritually superior to all else ?
I already know what I would get in a response , as it's the same dull and uncreative response I 've heard countless times .
" God gave us free will to accept or reject it . "
Yet , it still circles back to the same idea : if your product is n't good enough , you need to rely on certain tactics to make the consumer believe they want it .
It is as simple as that , and I doubt Kirk would put his Ray Comfort meal ticket on the line in order to figure that out .
As for Ray , would he trade the wealth he has gained from all of his 60 books and Living Waters company in order to live the Bible verses he teaches , such as " the love of money is the root of all evil " ?
( 1 Timothy 6:10 ) Unfortunately , we can't forget that there is always an excuse ... always .
Not being a betting person myself , I would STILL bet that the excuse in this situation would be something taken from the Bible , and twisted around to explain why their wealth is permissible .
I supposed it 's true , just about everyone has a price tag .
Millionaire faces jail for attack on knife raider at his home
A millionaire businessman is facing jail for attacking a career criminal who had held his family hostage at knifepoint .
Munir Hussain , 52 , was told he would be killed when three raiders invaded his home .
He and his wife , their teenage daughter and two sons were ordered to lie on the floor of the living room with their hands behind their backs .
Munir Hussain ( front right ) and his brother Tokeer ( left ) were convicted but the jury failed to reach verdict on their nephew Wahleed ( behind )
But the Hussains ' teenage son managed to escape through a window and when the men realised that , two of them fled .
Hussain then threw a coffee table at the third man , 56 - year - old Walid Salem , hitting him in the face .
His older son Awais , 20 , joined the fight and although Salem tried to escape he was bundled into a nearby garden .
Neighbours in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , then saw several men beating him with weapons including a cricket bat and a metal pole .
He was left with injuries including a fractured skull and bruising on the brain .
Hussain denied attacking Salem , claiming it was a group of local youths .
But a jury at Reading Crown Court found him guilty of inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent .
His brother Tokeer , 35 , was convicted on the same charge but the jury failed to reach a verdict on their nephew Wahleed Hussain , 20 .
Judge John Reddihough freed the brothers on bail until October 9 , but warned them that this did not mean they would not be jailed .
The maximum sentence for GBH with intent is life .
A family member said last night : ' This is one more shocking blow for a man who thought he had suffered enough last September .
We are absolutely devastated , it 's hard to believe in justice any more . '
In a further twist , legal sources said Mr Salem would be eligible for criminal injury compensation - with a fractured skull worth around £ 6,000 - even though he recovered to commit further crimes .
The court heard that Salem , from Borehamwood , had a long criminal record , with over 50 convictions .
In contrast , Munir Hussain , an engineer by training , had an impeccable character .
He came to Britain in 1964 and founded a company which employs nine people and had a £ 2.4 million turnover last year .
In 2004 he won the Business Link small business of the year award .
He is a former chairman of the Wycombe Race Equality Council and chairman of the Asian Business Council , which he helped found .
Targeted : The Hussain 's detached home in High Wycombe
Defence barrister Michael Wolkind , QC , said : ' The robber ruined his life , traumatised his wife , threatened his children with a knife .
Who is the real victim ?'
He said if Hussain was convicted ' Walid Salem wins again ' .
Mr Wolkind added : ' We are really sorry that the thief , cheat , robber , possessor of stolen credit cards , carrier of a knife , the person who threatened to kill Munir and his family , the disgusting career criminal who invaded the home of a good family , got hurt .
We mean that most sincerely . '
Prosecutor John
Price , QC , admitted : ' Walid Salem is not someone for whom anyone would feel any instinctive sympathy and on this night he was engaged with others , which makes it worse , in a grave crime , intent , it seems , on causing harm to the occupants in that house .
A family , with children .
' There is therefore a sense - and there is no point in hiding from it - of responding , as one might over a drink in a public house , " well he got his just desserts did n't he ? " .'
Mr Price said that when the Hussains fought with Salem inside the house : ' They were acting entirely lawfully in defence of themselves and their families .
' If they had stopped there , they would not be where they are now .
But they did not . '
He said witnesses had told of seeing three or four Asian men encircling Salem in a garden , ' kicking and stamping on him as he lay there ' for several minutes .
The court had heard that Hussain , his wife Shaheen , 49 , sons Awais , 20 , and Samad , 15 , and daughter Arooj , 18 , were ambushed by a knifeman wearing a balaclava at 11 pm on September 3 last year after returning to their detached home from prayers at a local mosque .
In a police interview , Hussain compared his case to that of Tony Martin , jailed for life in 2000 after he shot dead a teenage burglar at his isolated farmhouse in Norfolk .
After a national outcry , his murder conviction was reduced on appeal to manslaughter and his sentence to five years .
If you use force which is ' not excessive ' against burglars then the law is on your side
The Government has promised that people who fight back against burglars will find the law is on their side , so long as they do not use excessive or disproportionate violence .
Last year 's Criminal Justice and Immigration Bill contained clauses to protect them from prosecution if they act instinctively and out of fear for their safety .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw said : ' Law - abiding citizens should not be put off tackling criminals by fear of excessive investigation .
' For a passer - by witnessing a street crime or a householder faced with a burglar , we are reassuring them that if they use force which is not excessive or disproportionate , the law really is behind them . '
Apple announces quarterly results on Monday and Windows 7 comes out just days later , which means it ’s gut - check time again .
Some fret about Windows 7 , but Phil Schiller ai n’t one of them ( shocking footage at 11 ! ) .
Apple may be ready to fire back with more Windows - jabbing ads and maybe Michael Dell can help out with an unintentionally - backhanded compliment for Microsoft ’s latest OS .
Crisitunity
None other than Piper Jaffray ’s Gene Munster says Windows 7 will curb Apple ’s market share growth .
“ I think Windows 7 is the biggest challenge to Apple in years …
In some ways , [ Apple ] had a freebie in recent years , given what a fiasco Vista was .
But Windows is something different . ”
This may be true , but it ’s over - simplistic .
You have to look at who ’s upgrading .
Windows 7 will probably be a roadblock to Apple gaining more business customers , but if they were waiting this long they were probably never going to switch anyway .
And home users who ’ve already updated to Vista are probably going to jump on Windows 7 like Jay Leno on a balloon boy joke .
But what about home users who are still on XP ?
When they have to go through a full reinstall to get up and running , Apple ’s Phil Schiller thinks it ’s a foot wearing a stylish hipster sneaker in the bare aluminum door frame of the Windows market .
So much work could leave PC owners ripe for the picking , in Schiller ’s estimation .
“ Any user that reads all those steps is probably going to freak out , ” says Schiller .
“ If you have to go through all that , why not just buy a Mac ? ”
As long as they ’ve got all their stuff in those boxes , why not move to a better neighborhood ?
Heyyy , wait a minute .
That ’s what the Macalope ’s been saying !
Get your own material , marketing boy .
Read more ...
We ’ll always have making fun of Windows
The Macalope hopes you ’re not one of those people who wish Apple would just “ get over ” its OS rival because it looks like more jabs at Windows are on the way .
In the coming weeks , Apple is expected to hit those computer buyers with advertising aimed at luring them to its Macs .
It will likely make the case that Macs are less susceptible to viruses and are best suited to its popular iPods and iPhones .
And look for it to poke fun at Microsoft for making XP owners go through an arduous process to upgrade to Windows 7 — one that includes backing up all their files to an external drive , reformatting their PC , and then reinstalling all of their old programs , assuming they still have the CDs .
Looks like the Macalope was right when he thought that , despite good reviews for Windows 7 , Apple might still be able to make some hay with it .
As he said in August , " The Macalope himself gave Windows 7 some credit above , but it still forces a lot of users to make some uncomfortable choices .
If you need any help writing those ads , Apple , just give the pointy one a call .
( They do n’t need any help . ) "
He , uh , never did get that call .
Possibly because he ’s not listed .
Which , unfortunately , is part and parcel of the whole “ mythical beast ” image .
Minotaur ?
Unlisted .
Yeti ?
Unlisted .
Non-gay single male in the Castro district ?
Unlisted .
It ’s kind of unfortunate because , as lovely as it is to get checks from Macworld , the horny one suspects the people who comes up with those ads for Apple get paid a little bit more .
Any - hoo , since the Macalope ’s just giving these ideas away , maybe Apple should also look at performance .
Dong Ngo at CNet says that for everyday tasks , Snow Leopard is significantly faster than Windows 7 .
Gaming , however — territory which Apple has long since ceded to PCs — is the one area noted where Windows 7 outpaces Snow Leopard .
The Macalope guesses Microsoft Office probably runs faster on Windows 7 as well .
But PC gaming and office apps are so 1990s .
You might be able to say Microsoft has finally shipped a decent upgrade to XP if you could actually upgrade to it from XP and if it were n’t still optimizing like it ’s 1999 .
Even a broken clock
Someone page Snoop Dogg , because it ’s time for another edition of Technology Industry Execs Gone Wild !
Watch the grainy footage as Michael Dell lifts his shirt and says some things he ’ll probably regret after the tequila wears off !
Speaking on netbooks ,
Dell said :
“ A fair amount of customers ” have been unsatisfied with the smaller screens and lower - performance parts , he said later .
“ For a replacement machine or for a high - end machine , it ’s not what we ’d recommend . ”
They were somewhat surprising remarks given that Dell sells a line of netbooks on its Web site .
Yes !
That is surprising , is n’t it ?!
“ Do n’t buy this entire line of stuff we sell !
It ’s crap ! ”
For Windows 7 he was more enthusiastic .
“ If you get the latest processor technology and you get Windows 7 and Office 2010 , you will love your PC again , ” Dell said .
“ And we actually have not been able to say that for a long time .
It ’s a dramatic improvement . ”
Wow !
If users shell out for the top - of - the - line hardware , they ’ll love their PC again !
Please take us back , PC users !
We promise we ’ll be better this time !
Michael Dell is off his medications !
Who knows what unspoken truths will come out of his mouth ?!
“ Our products suck !
Windows 7 is great if you spend a lot of money !
Soylent green is made of people ! ”
Sounds like someone just looked at his margin numbers and asked “ Why the hell are we selling these stupid netbooks again ? ”
Well , in Dell ’s defense , who knew that netbooks were a sucker ’s bet ?
Oh , wait , that ’s right .
PUPPY vs. HUMBOLDT SQUID
Puppy : 1 . Their fur is very soft 2 .
They have lots of energy and love to play 3 .
You can teach them tricks 4 . You can pet them 5 .
They will kiss your face !!
Humboldt Squid : 1 . Sharp beak , tentacles have suckers lined with teeth 2 .
Whole body flashes red before they attack 3 .
Not sure why you 'd even want this as a pet 4 .
Have you seen the way their whole body flashes red ?
5 . That 's terrifying
More pictures here .
A description of the project :
Born in 1980 photographer and illustrator Agan Harahap from Jakarta , Indonesia , currently works for music magazine TRAX .
His latest photography project called  Super Hero ’ consists of memorable political and wartime scenes from the mid-20th century featuring beloved superheros like Spiderman or Batman in some interesting and funny positions  true juxtaposition in effect .
It ’s fun to see Superman standing in the Neuschwanstein Castle .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Originally Posted by ToddG Originally Posted by
Something only an HK nut would appreciate : The P11 has just been officially declassified .
( Health.com ) -- AWOL tampons , gas , losing your breakfast on the doc ?
To prove that you are so not alone when it comes to mortifying health mishaps , Health readers shared some of their stories with us .
And our own medical editor , Roshini Rajapaksa , MD , weighs in on when you really do need to talk to your doctor about an embarrassing episode or symptom .
For the lactose intolerant : Do n't get a Brazilian wax after indulging in dairy .
A sticky situation
I sweat a lot .
Let me rephrase that :
My armpits spurt bodily moisture like a high - pressure fireman 's hose .
I 've tried everything to fix the problem -- clinical - strength deodorant , extra layers of clothing -- with little to no results .
Last summer , I was a bridesmaid in my cousin 's wedding , which was outdoors during the thick of the July heat .
Knowing full well I was going to sweat profusely , I decided to stick panty liners in the armpits of my cap - sleeved gown .
It worked through the ceremony and photos -- no pit stains in the wedding album !
By the time the reception rolled around and I 'd had a few drinks , though , I 'd forgotten about them .
As I was dancing with a groomsman , one pad had come out and stuck to his shoulder .
Health.com : Celebrity sleep secrets
" What 's that ? " he asked .
I snatched it up and said , " Oh , just my shoulder pad . "
I do n't know if he believed me , but I was impressed with my quick - thinking save .
-- Sadie , Dallas , Texas
What 's that smell ?
A week after my period ended , I noticed an abnormal discharge and a strong odor emanating from down below .
I could n't figure out what was causing it and why , so I scheduled an appointment with my gynecologist .
During the examination , he pulled out an icky black lump , which he identified as a tampon .
That 's when I remembered that I had put in two tampons on a heavy - flow day and must had forgotten to remove one .
Health.com : 25 diet - busting foods you should never eat
He threw it out , and then asked the nurse to remove the trash .
It was obvious why -- the thing stunk to high heaven !
Even though the doc told me not to worry because it happens often , I was beet - red with embarrassment and definitely learned my lesson about doubling up on tampons .
Now I back up heavy - flow days only with pads .
-- Tina , Atlanta , Georgia
I gotta go !
When I was pregnant , I was sent for an ultrasound to make sure everything was OK .
Because I was n't very far along , I was told to drink a ton of water .
I downed four big glasses before leaving home and took a bottle along for the ride to the clinic .
By the time I got there , I was ready to explode -- and , of course , they were running late .
I waited patiently at first , but as the urge got worse I started getting up every few minutes to ask how much longer .
Eventually , I just laid down across a couple of chairs and moaned .
Finally , I begged the nurse to tell me where the bathroom was and that I would reschedule the appointment -- if I could please , please , please go pee NOW !
I was rushed in to see the technician , who then made me go to bathroom because my bladder was too full for her to see anything .
Go figure .
-- Patricia , Albuquerque , New Mexico
A windy waxing
I 'm lactose intolerant , but I just can't kick my cheese and chocolate milk cravings .
The unfortunate result of my dairy bingeing is usually gas , but I consider myself something of a flatulence ninja because I 'm a pro at concealing it .
That was n't the case , though , when I recently went in for a bikini wax after a night of lactose gluttony .
I wanted the full monty , so when the aesthetician was done with my front , she made me flip over on all fours .
Health.com : 8 tips for telling your partner a health secret
As she smeared wax in the most nether regions of my behind , I just could n't hold it in any longer and accidentally let one rip right in the poor woman 's face .
If that was n't enough , I fell down laughing , which made my butt cheeks stick together from the wax , so the aesthetician had to separate them and re-apply .
Let 's just say she got a very big -- and ( well - deserved ) tip .
-- Sasha , Sheboygan , Wisconsin
A gross gag
I came down with a nasty sore throat and convinced myself it was strep .
I canceled all my plans , whined to my friends , and went to an urgent - care clinic so I could get on antibiotics and back on my feet pronto .
The doctor took one look at my throat and told me I had a tonsilith , also known as a tonsil stone , which is essentially just gunk ( food particles , dead cells ) that binds together and forms hard white balls that stick in your tonsils .
I could have waited for them to fall out or had the doc pluck them out himself .
I opted for the latter .
The doctor went in for the kill with a swab , but I 'd forgotten to tell him about my very sensitive gag reflex .
With one little nick of my throat , I threw up right on his arm .
At least we were in a sterile environment and I had eaten a light breakfast .
-- Kate , New Brunswick , New Jersey
What 's cooking ?
When I was 21 years old , I got my first yeast infection while on vacation in Greece .
A doctor recommended that I pick up some over - the - counter medication and gave me a list of helpful hints for treatment and prevention .
I pored over the list and focused on the benefits of yogurt , so I picked up a carton of the traditional , thick Greek cultures and slathered the stuff all over my crotch -- right before boarding a 12 - hour boat ride to one of the islands .
As the temperature got hotter , I became more and more uncomfortable , not to mention smelly .
My cousins on the trip noticed , too .
That 's when I told them about my self - treatment , and they informed me that the yogurt was supposed to be eaten , not slathered on below !
-- Maria , Alexandria , Virginia
A " hairy " tale
Thanks to menopause and stress , I have drastically thinning hair , which I 'm really self - conscious about .
So late one night after a few glasses of wine , I ordered a " hair replenishing " product that was being sold on TV .
When I received it , I realized it was basically just a spray designed to camouflage thinning spots on your head .
I thought ,
What the hell .
I ordered it , so I might as well use it .
And , although it did make my hair look less thin , I found out the hard way that it was n't exactly waterproof .
One day , I got stuck in a downpour during my lunch break -- and I returned to the office in my white shirt that sported a newly - dyed brown collar ... the same shade as my hair .
-- Denise , Keene , New Hampshire
R-rated undies
My husband and I were celebrating our five - year anniversary the same day I had to go to the doctor for a general checkup .
Since I was going immediately to our date after my appointment , I dressed accordingly , meaning sexy dress and even - sexier panties .
Health.com : 15 surprising ways to improve memory
I did n't realize that the doctor was going to do a full - body mole check and ask me to strip down to my bra and underwear ( with a robe ) , and I immediately regretted wearing the G - string I had personalized to say " Happy anniversary , Tom .
Your present is underneath . "
I hoped the doctor would n't see it , but halfway through the screening , he said , " I take it Tom is a friend of yours ? " I wanted to die .
-- Jocelyn , Boston , Massachusetts
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Pregnancy and Childbirth • Hair Loss
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
If you ’re reading this article , it ’s likely that you spend a fair amount of time online .
However , considering how much of an influence the Internet has in our daily lives , how many of us actually know the story of how it got its start ?
Most of our daily lives are saturated with social media , online shopping , and browsing for new information , but how did we get to this point ?
Here ’s a brief history of the Internet , including important dates , people , projects , sites , and other information that should give you at least a partial picture of what this thing we call the Internet really is , and where it came from .
While the complete history of the Internet could easily fill a few books , this article should familiarize you with key milestones and events related to the growth and evolution of the Internet between 1969 to 2009 .
1969 : Arpanet
Arpanet was the first real network to run on packet switching technology ( new at the time ) .
On the October 29 , 1969 , computers at Stanford and UCLA connected for the first time .
In effect , they were the first hosts on what would one day become the Internet .
The first message sent across the network was supposed to be “ Login ” , but reportedly , the link between the two colleges crashed on the letter “ g ” .
1969 : Unix
Another major milestone during the 60’s was the inception of Unix : the operating system whose design heavily influenced that of Linux and FreeBSD ( the operating systems most popular in today ’s web servers / web hosting services ) .
1970 : Arpanet network
An Arpanet network was established between Harvard , MIT , and BBN ( the company that created the “ interface message processor ” computers used to connect to the network ) in 1970 .
1971 : Email
Email was first developed in 1971 by Ray Tomlinson , who also made the decision to use the “ @ ” symbol to separate the user name from the computer name ( which later on became the domain name ) .
1971 : Project Gutenberg and eBooks
One of the most impressive developments of 1971 was the start of Project Gutenberg .
Project Gutenberg , for those unfamiliar with the site , is a global effort to make books and documents in the public domain available electronically –for free–in a variety of eBook and electronic formats .
It began when Michael Hart gained access to a large block of computing time and came to the realization that the future of computers was n’t in computing itself , but in the storage , retrieval and searching of information that , at the time , was only contained in libraries .
He manually typed ( no OCR at the time ) the “ Declaration of Independence ” and launched Project Gutenberg to make information contained in books widely available in electronic form .
In effect , this was the birth of the eBook .
1972 : CYCLADES
France began its own Arpanet - like project in 1972 , called CYCLADES .
While Cyclades was eventually shut down , it did pioneer a key idea : the host computer should be responsible for data transmission rather than the network itself .
1973 : The first trans-Atlantic connection and the popularity of emailing
Arpanet made its first trans -Atlantic connection in 1973 , with the University College of London .
During the same year , email accounted for 75 % of all Arpanet network activity .
1974 : The beginning of TCP / IP
1974 was a breakthrough year .
A proposal was published to link Arpa - like networks together into a so - called “ inter - network ” , which would have no central control and would work around a transmission control protocol ( which eventually became TCP / IP ) .
1975 : The email client
With the popularity of emailing , the first modern email program was developed by John Vittal , a programmer at the University of Southern California in 1975 .
The biggest technological advance this program ( called MSG ) made was the addition of “ Reply ” and “ Forward ” functionality .
1977 : The PC modem
1977 was a big year for the development of the Internet as we know it today .
It ’s the year the first PC modem , developed by Dennis Hayes and Dale Heatherington , was introduced and initially sold to computer hobbyists .
1978 : The Bulletin Board System ( BBS )
The first bulletin board system ( BBS ) was developed during a blizzard in Chicago in 1978 .
1978 : Spam is born
1978 is also the year that brought the first unsolicited commercial email message ( later known as spam ) , sent out to 600 California Arpanet users by Gary Thuerk .
1979 : MUD – The earliest form of multiplayer games
The precursor to World of Warcraft and Second Life was developed in 1979 , and was called MUD ( short for MultiUser Dungeon ) .
MUDs were entirely text - based virtual worlds , combining elements of role - playing games , interactive , fiction , and online chat .
1979 : Usenet
1979 also ushered into the scene : Usenet , created by two graduate students .
Usenet was an internet - based discussion system , allowing people from around the globe to converse about the same topics by posting public messages categorized by newsgroups .
1980 : ENQUIRE software
The European Organization for Nuclear Research ( better known as CERN ) launched ENQUIRE ( written by Tim Berners - Lee ) , a hypertext program that allowed scientists at the particle physics lab to keep track of people , software , and projects using hypertext ( hyperlinks ) .
1982 : The first emoticon
While many people credit Kevin MacKenzie with the invention of the emoticon in 1979 , it was Scott Fahlman in 1982 who proposed using 🙂 after a joke , rather than the original -) proposed by MacKenzie .
The modern emoticon was born .
1983 : Arpanet computers switch over to TCP / IP
January 1 , 1983 was the deadline for Arpanet computers to switch over to the TCP / IP protocols developed by Vinton Cerf .
A few hundred computers were affected by the switch .
The name server was also developed in ’ 83 .
1984 : Domain Name System ( DNS )
The domain name system was created in 1984 along with the first Domain Name Servers ( DNS ) .
The domain name system was important in that it made addresses on the Internet more human - friendly compared to its numerical IP address counterparts .
DNS servers allowed Internet users to type in an easy - to - remember domain name and then converted it to the IP address automatically .
1985 : Virtual communities
1985 brought the development of The WELL ( short for Whole Earth ‘ Lectronic Link ) , one of the oldest virtual communities still in operation .
It was developed by Stewart Brand and Larry Brilliant in February of ’ 85 .
It started out as a community of the readers and writers of the Whole Earth Review and was an open but “ remarkably literate and uninhibited intellectual gathering ” .
Wired Magazine once called The Well “ The most influential online community in the world . ”
1986 : Protocol wars
The so - called Protocol wars began in 1986 .
European countries at that time were pursuing the Open Systems Interconnection ( OSI ) , while the United States was using the Internet / Arpanet protocol , which eventually won out .
1987 : The Internet grows
By 1987 , there were nearly 30,000 hosts on the Internet .
The original Arpanet protocol had been limited to 1,000 hosts , but the adoption of the TCP / IP standard made larger numbers of hosts possible .
1988 : IRC – Internet Relay Chat
Also in 1988 , Internet Relay Chat ( IRC ) was first deployed , paving the way for real - time chat and the instant messaging programs we use today .
1988 : First major malicious internet - based attack
One of the first major Internet worms was released in 1988 .
Referred to as “ The Morris Worm ” , it was written by Robert Tappan Morris and caused major interruptions across large parts of the Internet .
1989 : AOL is launched
When Apple pulled out of the AppleLink program in 1989 , the project was renamed and America Online was born .
AOL , still in existence today , later on made the Internet popular amongst the average internet users .
1989 : The proposal for the World Wide Web
1989 also brought about the proposal for the World Wide Web , written by Tim Berners - Lee .
It was originally published in the March issue of MacWorld , and then redistributed in May 1990 .
It was written to persuade CERN that a global hypertext system was in CERN ’s best interest .
It was originally called “ Mesh ” ; the term “ World Wide Web ” was coined while Berners - Lee was writing the code in 1990 .
1990 : First commercial dial - up ISP
1990 also brought about the first commercial dial - up Internet provider , The World .
The same year , Arpanet ceased to exist .
1990 : World Wide Web protocols finished
The code for the World Wide Web was written by Tim Berners - Lee , based on his proposal from the year before , along with the standards for HTML , HTTP , and URLs .
1991 : First web page created
1991 brought some major innovations to the world of the Internet .
The first web page was created and , much like the first email explained what email was , its purpose was to explain what the World Wide Web was .
1991 : First content - based search protocol
Also in the same year , the first search protocol that examined file contents instead of just file names was launched , called Gopher .
1991 : MP3 becomes a standard
Also , the MP3 file format was accepted as a standard in 1991 .
MP3 files , being highly compressed , later become a popular file format to share songs and entire albums via the internet .
1991 : The first webcam
One of the more interesting developments of this era , though , was the first webcam .
It was deployed at a Cambridge University computer lab , and its sole purpose was to monitor a particular coffee maker so that lab users could avoid wasted trips to an empty coffee pot .
1993 : Mosaic – first graphical web browser for the general public
The first widely downloaded Internet browser , Mosaic , was released in 1993 .
While Mosaic was n’t the first web browser , it is considered the first browser to make the Internet easily accessible to non-techies .
1993 : Governments join in on the fun
In 1993 , both the White House and the United Nations came online , marking the beginning of the .gov and .org domain names .
1994 : Netscape Navigator
Mosaic ’s first big competitor , Netscape Navigator , was released the year following ( 1994 ) .
1995 : Commercialization of the internet
1995 is often considered the first year the web became commercialized .
While there were commercial enterprises online prior to ’ 95 , there were a few key developments that happened that year .
First , SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) encryption was developed by Netscape , making it safer to conduct financial transactions ( like credit card payments ) online .
In addition , two major online businesses got their start the same year .
The first sale on “ Echo Bay ” was made that year .
Echo Bay later became eBay .
Amazon.com also started in 1995 , though it did n’t turn a profit for six years , until 2001 .
1995 : Geocities , the Vatican goes online , and JavaScript
Other major developments that year included the launch of Geocities ( which officially closed down on October 26 , 2009 ) .
The Vatican also went online for the first time .
Java and JavaScript ( originally called LiveScript by its creator , Brendan Eich , and deployed as part of the Netscape Navigator browser – see comments for explanation ) was first introduced to the public in 1995 .
ActiveX was launched by Microsoft the following year .
1996 : First web - based ( webmail ) service
In 1996 , HoTMaiL ( the capitalized letters are an homage to HTML ) , the first webmail service , was launched .
1997 : The term “ weblog ” is coined
While the first blogs had been around for a few years in one form or another , 1997 was the first year the term “ weblog ” was used .
1998 : First new story to be broken online instead of traditional media
In 1998 , the first major news story to be broken online was the Bill Clinton / Monica Lewinsky scandal ( also referred to as “ Monicagate ” among other nicknames ) , which was posted on The Drudge Reportafter Newsweek killed the story .
1998 : Google !
Google went live in 1998 , revolutionizing the way in which people find information online .
1998 : Internet - based file - sharing gets its roots
In 1998 as well , Napster launched , opening up the gates to mainstream file - sharing of audio files over the internet .
1999 : SETI@home project
1999 is the year when one of the more interesting projects ever brought online : the SETI@home project , launched .
The project has created the equivalent of a giant supercomputer by harnessing the computing power of more than 3 million computers worldwide , using their processors whenever the screensaver comes on , indicating that the computer is idle .
The program analyzes radio telescope data to look for signs of extraterrestrial intelligence .
2000 : The bubble bursts
2000 was the year of the dotcom collapse , resulting in huge losses for legions of investors .
Hundreds of companies closed , some of which had never turned a profit for their investors .
The NASDAQ , which listed a large number of tech companies affected by the bubble , peaked at over 5,000 , then lost 10 % of its value in a single day , and finally hit bottom in October of 2002 .
2001 : Wikipedia is launched
With the dotcom collapse still going strong , Wikipedia launched in 2001 , one of the websites that paved the way for collective web content generation / social media .
2003 : VoIP goes mainstream
In 2003 : Skype is released to the public , giving a user - friendly interface to Voice over IP calling .
2003 : MySpace becomes the most popular social network
Also in 2003 , MySpace opens up its doors .
It later grew to be the most popular social network at one time ( though it has since been overtaken by Facebook ) .
2003 : CAN - SPAM
Act puts a lid on unsolicited emails
Another major advance in 2003 was the signing of the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 , better known as the CAN - SPAM Act .
2004 : Web 2.0
Though coined in 1999 by Darcy DiNucci , the term “ Web 2.0 ” , referring to websites and Rich Internet Applications ( RIA ) that are highly interactive and user - driven became popular around 2004 .
During the first Web 2.0 conference , John Batelle and Tim O’Reilly described the concept of “ the Web as a Platform “ : software applications built to take advantage of internet connectivity , moving away from the desktop ( which has downsides such as operating system dependency and lack of interoperability ) .
2004 : Social Media and Digg
The term “ social media ” , believed to be first used by Chris Sharpley , was coined in the same year that “ Web 2.0 ” became a mainstream concept .
Social media–sites and web applications that allow its users to create and share content and to connect with one another–started around this period .
People loved the idea of being able to travel through their friends and families pictures and adventures , despite not being physically present .
Digg , a social news site , launched on November of 2004 , paving the way for sites such as Reddit , Mixx , and Yahoo !
Buzz .
Digg revolutionized traditional means of generating and finding web content , democratically promoting news and web links that are reviewed and voted on by a community .
2004 : “ The ” Facebook open to college students
Facebook launched in 2004 , though at the time it was only open to college students and was called “ The Facebook ” ; later on , “ The ” was dropped from the name , though the URL http://www.thefacebook.com still works .
2005 : YouTube – streaming video for the masses
YouTube launched in 2005 , bringing free online video hosting and sharing to the masses .
2006 : Twitter gets twittering
Twitter launched in 2006 .
It was originally going to be called twittr ( inspired by Flickr ) ; the first Twitter message was “ just setting up my twttr ” .
2007 : Major move to place TV shows online
Hulu was first launched in 2007 , a joint venture between ABC , NBC , and Fox to make popular TV shows available to watch online .
2007 : The iPhone and the Mobile Web
The biggest innovation of 2007 was almost certainly the iPhone , which was almost wholly responsible for renewed interest in mobile web applications and design .
2008 : “ Internet Election ”
The first “ Internet election ” took place in 2008 with the U.S. Presidential election .
It was the first year that national candidates took full advantage of all the Internet had to offer .
Hillary Clinton jumped on board early with YouTube campaign videos .
Virtually every candidate had a Facebook page or a Twitter feed , or both .
Ron Paul set a new fundraising record by raising $ 4.3 million in a single day through online donations , and then beat his own record only weeks later by raising $ 4.4 million in a single day .
The 2008 elections placed the Internet squarely at the forefront of politics and campaigning , a trend that is unlikely to change any time in the near future .
2009 : ICANN policy changes
2009 brought about one of the biggest changes to come to the Internet in a long time when the U.S. relaxed its control over ICANN , the official naming body of the Internet ( they ’re the organization in charge of registering domain names ) .
The Future ?
Where is the future of the Internet headed ?
We can only assume that the Internet will continue to grow .
From basic developments to things like PPC advertising , the Internet has only become more impressive over time .
Share your opinions in the comments section .
Sources and Further Reading
A People ’s History of the Internet : from Arpanet in 1969 to Today : A timeline of the Internet from guardian .co.uk .
History of the Internet :
An early timeline of the Internet , from precursors in the 1800s up through 1997 .
A Brief History of the Web : A series of videos from Microsoft to celebrate the launch of Internet Explorer 8 .
The History of the Internet – Tim Berners - Lee : A brief history of major developments associated with the Internet from About.com .
Hobbes ’ Internet Timeline – the definitive ARPAnet & Internet History : A very thorough timeline of the Internet , starting in 1957 and going up through 2004 , with tons of statistics and source material included .
Internet Timeline : A basic timeline of Internet history from FactMonster.com .
Related Content
Illustration : Rocco Fazzari .
We 've been too successful for our own good .
When humans lived in small groups on the African savannah we were hardwired to be preoccupied with the pursuit of resources , which were scarce .
Since our ancestors often could n't obtain all the food they needed , they were programmed to grab all they could find .
Much technological advance is aimed at overcoming this problem of scarcity .
And economics , with its emphasis on the efficient allocation of resources , is aimed at assisting the community to overcome scarcity .
We have unending wants but only limited means of fulfilling those wants , so need to stretch our resources as far as possible .
The trouble is , at least in the developed world , we 've been so hugely successful in overcoming scarcity we 've acquired the opposite set of problems : abundance .
Why is abundance a problem ?
Because all our evolved instincts tell us to keep pushing for more and more , even though we 've already got more than is good for us .
Take food .
Technological advances in growing , transport , storage , preservation and cooking food have greatly increased its availability and reduced its cost .
As humans have become more time - poor , we 've seen an explosion in inexpensive fast food , all of it cunningly laced with those three ingredients our brains have been evolved to crave : fat , sugar and salt .
On the other side of the equation , we 've see technological advance strip the physical labour first out of work and then out of leisure .
Is it any wonder we have a growing problem - so to speak - with overweight and obesity ?
Our natural urges are badly out of sync with the world we 've created .
And the purveyors of food use all the wiles of advertising and marketing to persuade us to eat more .
Marketers , it turns out , have a much better understanding of how humans tick than economists do .
Whereas economists happily assume we 're rational in all we do , marketers are under no such delusion .
They get under our guard by directing their advertising to our subconscious , instinctive , emotional selves , using pretty women to sell cars or happy families to sell margarine .
There 's no logical link between pretty women and cars , but there does n't have to be .
This is the great conundrum of modern life .
Evolution has given us brains capable of great feats of reasoning - the most complex mathematics , intricate engineering , brain surgery - while also leaving us with brains that react instantly and instinctively to the most primitive urges .
While we lived in a world of scarcity , the duality of our brains - our ability to build a world we were n't smart enough to cope with - did n't matter all that much .
But now we 've gained mastery over the natural world and transformed scarcity to abundance , the contradictions inside our heads are causing us big problems .
A great many of the problems of daily life are problems of self - control , which represents a battle between the two levels of our brain .
Eating is the obvious example .
Those of us who are overweight know full well we should n't eat as much as we do and should exercise more than we do .
And yet we have enormous trouble making ourselves stick to a diet or exercise plan .
When we see something that looks and smells good our primitive urges take over and we gobble it up .
If you 're perpetually skinny , do n't feel superior .
Problems of self - control are ubiquitous .
We face temptations to smoke , drink too much , watch too much television , gamble too much , shop too much , study too little , save too little and put too much on our credit cards .
The good news is , we 're so brainy it can't be beyond our wit to develop ways of gaining mastery over our instincts .
If there were items on that list of self - control problems that do n't cause you problems , the likelihood is it 's because you 've successfully developed '' pre - commitment devices ' ' to keep you out of trouble .
For instance , a friend told me she never uses her credit card on shopping sprees , but limits its use to paying regular unavoidable bills for utilities and the like .
But our struggle for self - control would be more successful if the people running our world had a clearer understanding of the nature of the problem .
Our politicians have flashes of insight in particular areas , but do n't see the systemic problem .
That 's probably because they take so much of their advice from economists , who are still committed to a 19th century model of the world that sees the central problem as scarcity and assumes we 're always rational .
If the examples of self - control problems arising from abundance I 've quoted seem minor , do n't be misled .
The greatest consequence of our transition from scarcity to abundance is that human economic activity , which at first was puny relative to the huge natural environment , is now so big - so many humans in the world enjoying such high material living standards - it 's doing great damage to the ecosystem that provides us life .
Loading Climate change is the most pressing instance of that damage , but our politicians seem blissfully ignorant of the threat .
Ross Gittins is the Herald 's economics editor .
PARTNERS
CMAGICS ( Crystal Magic Studio ) is a digital agency in London with a unique skillset in digital marketing , across multiple platforms .
The combination of the most competitive pricing , world class digital work and quick turnarounds makes CMAGICS the right choice for you - whether you are a start up , a medium sized business or a global brand .
DIGITAL TOOLKIT - Every tool you need to set up , advertise , monetise and grow your business
The Jacksons are at odds over the inclusion of Michael Jackson 's three children in an upcoming A&E reality show about the famous family , Us Weekly reports in its latest issue ( on newsstands now ) .
A source tells Us Weekly the buzzed - about program will include Michael 's kids — Prince , 12 , Paris , 11 , and Blanket , 7 — though not everyone 's happy about it .
Eldest sister Rebbie , 59 , who has refused to be in the series ( called The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty , tentatively set to air in December ) , " feels Michael would spin in his grave if he knew his kids would be on this show . "
While Janet , 43 , is on board , mom Katherine " is just going along with things , " the source continues .
Still , one of the creators of the program — which will be either five one - hour episodes or 10 half - hour episodes — says the family shines on the series .
" We have 23 cast members with the last name Jackson , " executive producer Jodi Gomes tells Us Weekly .
" They 've done a great job opening up about losing a brother . "
( A Jackson family rep could n't be reached . )
Michael 's Dispatches Bullshit Bob
Details Published : Friday , 25 September 2009 04:51
By Michael Yon
25 September 2009
The surprise discontinuation of my embedment from the British Army left my schedule in a train wreck .
Until that decisive moment , I am told , that my embed with the British Army had lasted longer than anyone else ’s ; other than Ross Kemp’s .
I ’ve also been told that I ’ve spent more time with the British Army in Iraq than any correspondent .
So it ’s fair to say , we have good history together .
In the last 12 months , I ’ve embedded with the British Army in Helmand Province , Afghanistan , then over to the jungles of Brunei to attend a man-tracking school , and again back in Afghanistan .
During that time , I ’ve also been with U.S. forces in Iraq , the Philippines , and Afghanistan .
I ’ve accompanied the Lithuanians in Afghanistan and also been downrange for months without any troops or official assignment .
This dispatch , and many others , should have been about soldiers at war .
But it ’s not .
This dispatch is being written in downtown Kandahar City and I have not seen a soldier in days .
The Taliban is slowing winning this city .
There have been many bombings and shootings since I arrived in disguise .
In 2006 , Iraq was melting down and I had just written twelve dispatches that clearly stated we were losing in Afghanistan .
Those dispatches caused a public uproar and the consequences were such that U.S. military refused to let me back into Iraq .
Because of the U.S. military censorship in Iraq , I published a dispatch in the Weekly Standard titled , Censoring Iraq .
General Petraeus emailed to me immediately , and if not for his intervention , there would have been Censoring Iraq II , III , IV , V … .
Ultimately , dozens of dispatches about soldiers have been forever lost .
I returned to Iraq in 2006 , and in 2007 , I reported that the war had turned around and progress was clear .
In 2008 , I wrote that we had won the Iraq war .
And although recent bombings have grabbed headlines , overall violence continues to decrease .
This brings us to Afghanistan , 2009 .
My latest embed with British 2 Rifles , which began in July , was extended on at least two occasions .
The British Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) had recently agreed that I would spend roughly one more month with 2 Rifles .
My scheduled embeds with the United States Air Force and Marines were specifically arranged around the British schedule , and I was enjoying reporting on the excellent British troops .
However , on August 24th , with no warning , unseen faces of MoD discontinued my embed from 2 Rifles .
The message that I was no longer embedded was emailed to me by Media Ops , just as I returned from an interesting firefight in the Green Zone .
Luckily , none of our guys got hit , but I think the British soldiers may have killed some Taliban .
I do not know the reason for the embed termination .
My best guess is that it relates to my sustained criticism that the British government is not properly resourcing its soldiers .
Before going further , it is essential to underscore the importance of the “ Media Ops ” in the war .
When Media
Ops fails to help correspondents report from the front , the public misses necessary information to make informed decisions about the war .
Many soldiers in the British Media
Ops are true professionals who strive constantly to improve at their tasks and work very well with correspondents .
Their professionalism and understanding of the larger mission — ultimate victory — provide an invaluable service to the war effort .
But there are a few who should not be in uniform and it takes only one roach leg to spoil a perfect soup .
For example — without giving names so as not to tar and feather someone for his entire life when he still has a chance to change his behavior — the British Major running Media Ops at Camp Bastion has been particularly problematic .
Even before my embed started with 2 Rifles , his words raised red flags among the correspondents about his priorities .
I had a specific incident with this British Media Ops Major .
The Major and I were driving in Camp Bastion around midday when it was very hot .
A British soldier ran by wearing a rucksack .
He was drenched in sweat under the blazing , dusty desert .
I smiled because it ’s great to see so many soldiers who work and train hard .
Yet the Major cut fun at the soldier , saying he was dumb to be running in that heat .
I nearly growled at the Major , but instead asked if he ever goes into combat .
The answer was no .
And , in fact , the Major does not leave the safety of Camp Bastion .
That a military officer would share a foul word about a combat soldier who was prepping for battle was offensive .
Especially an officer who lives in an air - conditioned tent with a refrigerator stocked with chilled soft drinks .
Just outside his tent are nice hot and cold showers .
Five minutes away is a little Pizza Hut trailer , a coffee shop , stores , and a cookhouse .
This very Major had earned a foul reputation among his own kind for spending too much time on his Facebook page .
I personally saw him being gratuitously rude to correspondents .
Some correspondents — all were British — complained to me that when they wanted to interview senior British officers , they were told by this Major to submit written questions .
The Major said they would receive videotaped answers that they could edit as if they were talking with the interviewee .
( Presumably , senior British officers are avoiding the tough questions , such as , “ So , when do you plan to send enough helicopters ? ” )
When I asked a different Media Ops officer about meeting with a senior British General in Afghanistan , I was told that submitting a CV ( curriculum vitae ) would be helpful , to which I laughed .
A CV ?
How about this :
Name : Michael Yon
Profession : Writer
Experience : Years
Notes : I will be in and affecting your battle space for years to come .
( By the way , you are losing the war .
Hiding from correspondents does not change that fact . )
This war is moving fast and there is no time for games .
If a general does not want to tell his story , someone will tell it for him .
He will have failed by losing another winnable media battle .
On a sidebar , before this article was published I was invited to the Netherlands by the esteemed James “ Maggie ” Megallas to attend an incredible Dutch remembrance for our World War II veterans .
For those who do n’t know him , James Megellas is a retired U.S. Army officer who commanded Company " H " of the 3rd Battalion , 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment ( PIR ) , 82nd Airborne Division during World War II .
Maggie is the most - decorated officer in the history of the 82nd Airborne Division , having received a Distinguished Service Cross , a Silver Star , and been nominated for the Medal of Honor .
Maggie at 92 and is an extraordinary man .
He can give an eloquent speech for an hour without a single written note .
He has spent a couple months in Afghanistan — in the worst places .
He ’s a true leader and a wise man , known to General McChrystal and General Petraeus .
General Petraeus told me last week that CENTCOM had okayed Maggie ’s trip to Afghanistan .
Maggie is an American treasure .
Last week in the Netherlands , “ Maggie ” was spending time General Petraeus and with European royalty , including Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands .
General Petraeus and World War II veterans stayed several days at the same hotel Maggie and I were in .
In Holland , folks were lining up to honor and pay tribute to our World War II veterans and General Petraeus .
I did n’t want to distract General Petraeus with any questions while he was so busy .
But on about the third day , there was a tap on my shoulder and I was told that General Petraeus had some time if I wanted to talk .
I asked the good General some tough questions on Afghanistan — the kind that would end discussions with timid people — yet , like normal , he fielded those questions with the candor that I so respect in him and have come to expect .
The same has happened to me with the Secretary of Defense , Robert Gates , and other top military leaders .
Gates and Petraeus will field challenging , difficult questions and will take what you throw at them .
Yet the British Media Ops in Afghanistan wants correspondents to submit written questions so they can provide tidy answers .
That ’s a sad joke and there are many correspondents , including me , who are not laughing .
More on the trip to Netherlands will be forthcoming , but now back to Afghanistan :
At Camp Bastion there are two tents at Media Ops .
One tent is for the Media Ops staff and the other is for the itinerant correspondents .
When ever the Internet died in the correspondents ’ tent , the Major in question let the journalists use the Internet in the staff tent .
That was helpful and appreciated .
But he locked the door at night ( the tent has a door ) and kept it that way until the morning so that no correspondent would wake him with keyboard tapping .
Not helpful on transmitting information .
At a glance , that seems trivial stuff , really .
But it ’s not trivial when you know that these are the same Media Ops people — who do not leave their base or go on missions — who are spooling out “ the message ” to the media .
They are clueless about the state of the war in Afghanistan .
For instance , many of the Media Ops officers will insist that we have enough helicopters in Afghanistan .
Those officers are either completely oblivious to the actuality of the situation or lying .
General Petraeus told me straight up that we do n’t have enough and that we doubled our helicopters in the last four months and are in the process of fielding “ two more fistfuls . ”
( He did not give specific numbers . )
Those BS - filled officers who deny the obvious are , in fact , symptomatic to why we are losing the war .
When I deliver good news , out rolls the red carpet .
Bad news , and it ’s time to fight again .
Only now it ’s not Censoring Iraq , it ’s Censoring Helmand .
And it ’s not the U.S. doing it this time , but the British government .
The British people are demanding truth and they deserve accountability .
They are n’t getting it from Camp Bastion .
Some of the Media Ops guys in Afghanistan are good at something such as threatening future access if a correspondent shows “ attitude ” about being poorly treated .
My answer is go to hell .
They can take their access and .
. . .
I work for the soldiers , for the readers , and for the people in general .
If Media Ops chooses to be an obstacle , that is their choice .
After being summarily disembedded it took days — due to the helicopter shortage — to catch a helicopter from the Green Zone and head over to the posh Media Ops tent .
There I found the same Major still up to his old attitude with some of the correspondents .
Meanwhile , because of the abrupt embed , my scheduling problems were unfolding .
The U.S. Marines , of whom I have never seen treat anyone like the British Major treats correspondents , wanted to take me .
But the earliest I could embed with them was on 16 September .
This fell at the same time I needed to punch out and head to Eindhoven in The Netherlands for the World War II remembrance ceremonies which I had been invited to long ago .
The Royal Netherlands Air Force ( RNAF ) had made arrangements to fly me from Afghanistan to Eindhoven .
Disembedded or not , it should have been a simple matter for me to have a few days , even out of pure courtesy , where I could settle some business with the U. S. Air Force and U.S. Marines .
But the boss of Media Ops in Afghanistan , Lt Col Nick Richardson in Lashkar Gah , through the Major at Bastion , demanded that I leave the Regional Command South ( RC - South ) which is under British control .
I said in essence , hold on , partner , are you saying that you are knowingly interfering with my ability to arrange an embed with the U.S. Air Force and the U.S. Marines ?
Especially after you abruptly released me as correspondent ?
Because if that ’s what Media Ops was saying , then we were going to have a Texas - sized fight .
The boss of Media Ops in Afghanistan Lt. Col .
Richardson has tweaked other peoples ’
BS sensors on the helicopter issue , including Daniel Bennett at the Frontline Club .
Richardson is doing more damage to the war effort than the Taliban media machine .
By perpetrating falsehoods that undermine our combat capacity , Richardson has helped the enemy .
Some of the smokescreens are less important but they are demonstrative of the pattern :
On 20 August a , CH - 47 helicopter was shot down by a Taliban RPG during a British Special Forces mission .
Richardson reported that the aircraft landed due to an engine fire .
Some hours later , while I was on a mission nearby , the Taliban were singing over the radios about shooting it down .
I heard the rumble when the helicopter was destroyed by airstrikes .
The Taliban knew they hit the helicopter .
So who is Richardson lying to ?
Not the enemy … unless the enemy is the British public .
Stephen Grey and others have noted the censorship :
“ Despite the risk of being blacklisted and refused access to report from the frontline , journalists are speaking out about what they say is the government 's attempt to control the news .
It is " lamentable " , says one Fleet Street foreign editor ; the Times correspondent Anthony Loyd describes it as " outrageous " ; Christina Lamb of the Sunday Times calls it " indefensible " ; it is " redolent of Comical Ali " , says the Sun 's defence editor , Tom Newton Dunn .
“ Almost all journalists travelling with British forces are ordered to email their copy to the military 's press officers in Helmand before publication .
Many fear that negative coverage could mean trips back to the frontline are cancelled or delayed . ”
The Media Ops boys are treating this like a game .
Eventually I had a meeting at the same table with a U.S. Air Force officer , a U.S. Marine officer , and the British Major from Media Ops in an attempt to work out a solution that would get me with the Air Force or Marines .
The Major was docile in the presence of the two other officers .
The Marine and Air Force officers said that they were willing and happy to help .
Despite their goodwill , the scheduling train wreck had other moving issues stacking up , and the British Media Ops were n’t done with playing games .
In addition to the disembed , the British Media Ops were insisting that I leave RC - South at once .
Let ’s be clear – this was Afghanistan , not London where I can easily hail a cab or jump on The Tube .
By their demands , the Media Ops folks were ignoring the obvious truth that it takes time , planning , and much coordination to move anyone , soldiers or correspondents , around Afghanistan .
Also , Media
Ops knew that I was waiting for two important packages to arrive at Camp Bastion – packages that took a great amount of time and expense to send for .
When I brought this up , the Major said he had checked into the packages and that because there was no FedEx in Camp Bastion , my packages must be in Kabul .
This was a flat out lie .
When soldiers hear something that is patently false , they call it “ bullshit . ”
I looked at the Major and said , “ Bullshit , ” to which he stomped out .
He later said I had cursed him , which , if by calling him on his lie he implied that I was cursing him , then so be it ; he was right .
It was bullshit because there is a FedEx and a DHL in Camp Bastion .
Something you would think ( and hope ) a Media Ops guy would know about his own camp .
The Major said again that Lt. Col .
Nick Richardson demanded that I leave RC - South , and that Media Ops would forward my satellite and night vision gear that was in transit .
Before the Major had stomped out , I said that I was not leaving Camp Bastion until those packages were in my hands .
I told him to call Lt. Col. Nick Richardson at Lashkar Gah — a nearby base — and say that if Richardson wants me gone , he ’d need to call the Royal Military Police ( RMP ) .
The satellite gear is crucial to the operation and the night vision gear is expensive .
I was not going to leave without the gear unless under arrest .
I had heard the Major arrogantly tell a correspondent how a soldier had punched another correspondent and “ knocked him on his ass . ”
Bullying apparently had been working for him ; he was still doing it .
“ Go ahead , ” I said , “ Call the RMPs right now .
Have them come down and flex cuff me and put me on an airplane out of here . ”
I waited for the RMP ’s to arrive and arrest me .
At least they would be professionals .
There is the maxim that a customer can judge the cleanliness of a restaurant ’s kitchen by the restroom .
After much experience in Iraq and Afghanistan , I have discovered another : Soldiers always treat correspondents they way they treat the local people .
When soldiers treat correspondents badly , they treat local people even worse and are creating enemies .
Those troops who brag about how they mistreat or detest correspondents are abusing and resentful of the local population , and they cannot win this sort of war .
The people will kill them and the media will bash them and they will blame the people and the media .
When a soldier alienates sympathetic correspondents , he has no real chance against mortal enemies such as the Taliban and al Qaeda , and they will defeat him .
Yet there is subtlety : for “ the people , ” in the case of Media Ops , is you .
The Major does n’t deal with Afghans .
Afghans are not his target and it is not correspondents who are being denied access .
YOU are being denied access .
YOU are resented and deceived , and people like Minister of Defence , Bob Ainsworth , wish to separate realities from readers .
The reader is my boss , and my job is to observe , analyze where possible , and report back .
When Media
Ops or others try to deceive my boss , I fight for my boss .
That ’s my job and duty .
I told some U.S. Marine officers about issues with Media Ops .
The Marines wanted to take me but there was a pesky twelve - day wait before I could start with them , and as mentioned I needed to get to The Netherlands .
Luckily , the Marines and Air Force helped me get the packages .
The problem with embedding with the U.S. Air Force , as with the U.S. Marines , was timing .
The U.S. Air Force rescue folks , the Pedros , were going home to America and were being replaced but there was a window of opportunity before that happened .
The bottom line : Air Force Pedros took me on three missions , but it could have been a lot more .
Meanwhile , the British Media Ops , who backed down from the arrest , made a Plan B .
The Major said I must leave the media tent because fourteen journalists were coming and needed space .
There were six bunks and two cots , meaning all fourteen spots would be filled .
I asked the Major who the journalists were and when they were coming .
The Major answered that he did n’t exactly know who was coming or when , but they were ( or might be ) coming , and they needed space .
The Major was easier to read than a five year - old , and too sad a specimen to be angry with .
I had been sleeping outside for weeks and would readily continue , but instead contacted the Pedro guys who let me stay with them .
Ironically , our Pedro teams happened to be staying with British 2 Rifles at Camp Bastion — and so 2 Rifles welcomed me back .
This was all bizarre .
Although the British Media
Ops kicked me out , I was now staying in a tent with the U.S. Air Force who were also staying with British soldiers , so I was right back at home .
Word had somehow spread that I told Media Ops to have me arrested .
I had not mentioned the confrontation .
Word must have gotten out from Media Ops themselves and some journalists soon realized that a fight was on .
The correspondents I was talking with did not like Media Ops — not one bit — and support poured in .
An email came from a fellow correspondent with these words :
“ During all of this time I was aware that your own predicament was also strained with the Pic [ Media Ops ] .
Rumour reached me in [ … ] that you had told the pic team in Bastion that if they wanted you out then they ’d have to get the RMPs to arrest you , and that they were forced to back down !
( I do n’t know if the story was true or not but it was a huge morale boost to all who heard it in [... ]. ) ”
The British soldiers from 2 Rifles were angry with Media Ops for ending the reporting and their families are forever deprived of the dispatches that would have been written .
Media
Ops said they needed the space , but nobody replaced me in combat , and nobody is likely to .
Media
Ops lied again .
Meanwhile , British citizens began demanding answers from their government .
A question was asked and Minister of Defence Bob Ainsworth made public his reply :
Ann Winterton ( Congleton , Conservative )
To ask the Secretary of State for Defense for what reasons the journalist Michael Yon is no longer embedded with British armed forces in Afghanistan .
Hansard source ( Citation : HC Deb , 14 September 2009 , c2121 W )
Bob Ainsworth ( Secretary of State , Ministry of Defence ; Coventry North East , Labour ) Opportunities to embed with Task Force Helmand are in high demand from across the media— national , regional , print , broadcast , specialist and new media .
It is not possible to meet all requests and slots must be time - limited to ensure that the opportunities are shared as widely as possible .
A normal embed for a national news organisation will last on average around two to three weeks , including time for travel .
Michael
Yon had been embedded with British forces on a number of occasions before his recent visit — twice in Iraq in 2007 , and once in Afghanistan in 2008 .
His latest embed had been scheduled to last for two weeks but it was extended to take account of delays to his arrival .
In all , his stay was extended twice and he was embedded for five weeks — much longer than is normally the case , and longer than had been agreed with him before he went .
He was facilitated by British forces in a number of locations and given a high level of access both to the operations and to our personnel .
At the end of this five - week period Task Force Helmand ended his embed as they were no longer able to support it given their other commitments , including other media visits .
That ’s hogwash , Mr. Ainsworth .
Pure hogwash !
The fact that the British Minister of Defence ( MoD ) would go on record with hogwash is again symptomatic of a much larger problem .
Mr. Ainsworth is lying to the British public about the helicopter issue in Afghanistan .
Mr. Ainsworth tells the British public that British soldiers have enough helicopters .
British troops are suffering — even dying — for those lies .
Mr. Ainsworth is , in effect , murdering British soldiers by not resourcing them .
If the British MoD is demanding that I be complicit in their lies to gain access to their soldiers , I decline .
I strongly believe that the embed was cancelled due to my criticism of the helicopter shortage .
Yet helicopters are just the most obvious issue that needs to be raised and addressed .
This story rings true :
From The Sunday Times
August 30 , 2009 Bob Ainsworth in ' cover - up ' over soldier 's death Bob Ainsworth , the defense secretary , has been accused of a cover - up over the death of the first British soldier to be killed in action in the Nato operation in the Helmand province of Afghanistan , by smearing his commanding officer .
The story continues :
“ This will prove Bob Ainsworth was trying to cover up the real reason for James ’s death .
He was trying to shift blame away from the lack of equipment for which the MoD was responsible and negligent , ” Philippson said .
Bob Ainsworth is covered in British blood and painfully deceptive .
Henceforth , he will always be known as “ Bullshit Bob ” to me .
My relationship with the British military is not diminished and I would go into combat with their soldiers anytime .
My respect for British soldiers is immense and undying .
But I ’m ready to throw down with Media Ops if they even glance in my direction .
I refuse to work with the crew at Camp Bastion .
It ’s hard to forget the Major ’s cutting insults at the soldier who was training in the heat as a commendable young man .
Any combat troop , whether they are pilots , PJs , sailors , special operations , or my favorite — the infantry — should never be the subject of jokes or derision from any military leader of any rank .
The infantry soldiers are out there living like animals , taking bullets and getting blown up and , all while the Major sits back in his comfortable tent , playing on Facebook and watching The Simpsons .
Those combat troops , British and American , are my family .
That Major and his ilk should not cut fun of them .
Bottom line for the bad apples : Nobody is asking for access .
This is not a game .
Stay out of the way .
[ Note : Word arrived that the Media Ops crew has been replaced during a normal rotation . ]
Monday , January 30 , 2006
This article mentions the Wikimedia Foundation , one of its projects , or people related to it .
Wikinews is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation .
Edits by Massachusetts congressman Marty Meehan 's staff on his Wikipedia article spurred a Lowell Sun story and a subsequent Wikipedia investigation of all Internet addresses assigned to the Congress of the United States .
This audio file was created from the text revision dated 2006 - 01 - 29 and may not reflect subsequent text edits to this report .
( audio help Audio Wikinews
While edits from the Capitol are not generally news , the biographical article for Mr. Meehan was carefully edited , removing negative comments while expanding with content from the congressman 's political flyer .
The IP address which made these edits has an extensive editing history on Wikipedia , and has been repeatedly blocked in past months for article vandalism and violation of Wikipedia policies ( Wikipedia 's log of 143.231.249.141 being blocked from editing ) .
Wikipedia administrators , alerted to the Marty Meehan article edits , realized that many edits to politically - sensitive articles had been made from IP addresses assigned to the US Capitol building , and have begun an investigation into all edits from such addresses .
Editing history
Editing from U.S. House computers
At the center of the investigation are edits by the IP address 143.231.249.141 , which is the proxy through which most of the U.S. House Internet traffic passes .
Jon Brandt , spokesman for the Committee on House Administration confirmed House ownership of the IP [ 1 ] .
An aide for Rep. Meehan made two edits to the article on Meehan 's biography .
The first was on July 18 , 2005 and replaced the article with his official biography , which was biased towards Meehan .
A later edit on December 27 , 2005 removed text referring to Mr. Meehan 's pledge to only run four terms , or 8 years .
Marty Meehan
The text that was removed said " He also ran on a platform of term limits .
However , after serving four terms as US Congressman , the number of terms he pledged that he and no other congressman should serve out , he has since gone back on his word and now is adamently [ sic ] against the idea of term limits for Congressmen . "
The text was replaced with : " His fiscally responsible voting record since then has earned him praise from citizen watchdog groups . "
Congressman Meehan has served seven terms as Representative of his home state of Massachusetts .
Most of the edits from Capitol Hill IPs have not been harmful edits .
Many edits have been made which were neutral , correcting factual , spelling , grammar , and punctuation errors .
A sampling of both positive and harmful edits to politically - related articles are included here .
The communications director for Rep. Joe Wilson took a different approach to editing Rep. Wilson 's article .
She contacted Wikipedia founder Jimbo Wales , who advised that she supply a biography on the Wikipedia article 's discussion page , rather than edit the article directly , for other Wikipedia editors to check and to incorporate into the article itself .
After she added the official bio to Wilson 's discussion page , Wikipedia editors used it and several other sources to expand the article substantially .
Further investigation
Following the reports of the edits from the House IP address , a so - called checkuser ( a check of confidential information to determine the accounts used by staffers coming from that IP ) was performed to determine what users logged - in with an account edited from the House IP address , and the edits made by all of those users were checked as well .
They all showed little bias and no vandalism . [ 2 ]
Editing from Senate computers
Unlike the U.S. House , computers from the U.S. Senate are assigned individual IP addresses .
To identify possible vandals , the edit history for all senators was checked , and a list of 25 addresses was extracted .
While some had good faith edits , others showed unacceptable behaviour .
The entire 156.33.x.x netblock is for Senate use only [ 3 ]
Senator pages edited
The following is a partial list of U.S. Senator biographies on the English - language Wikipedia edited by Senate employees .
Edits categorized by IP
While the identity of these IPs are not known , a small sample of edits from Capitol IPs shows both helpful and harmful edits .
A complete list of all the Senatorial IPs that contributed to political articles can be found here .
Wikimedia Foundation and Wikipedia response
The attention of Wikipedia administrators was drawn to the pattern of edits to Wikipedia articles by Congressional staffers at 18:47 on January 29 .
In response , Wikipedia administrators began a systematic examination of all edits to articles made from IP addresses that have been assigned for use by the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives .
Administrators found several places where edits from U.S. Senate IP addresses had been to articles on Senators .
Following online discussions using IRC , Wikipedia administrator FireFox blocked the U.S. House of Representatives ' Wikipedia editing privileges for one week while the issue is discussed .
The block was lifted shortly thereafter by a dissenting admin . [ 19 ]
While the Wikimedia Foundation has not yet issued a statement regarding this , Jimmy Wales was quoted by the AP discouraging the removal of facts .
" You do n't delete it , " Wales said .
" If they wanted to put in their side of things , that would seem ethically relevant , rather than just omitting it . "
Sources
