VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - The Vatican on Thursday angrily attacked the media over its reporting of sexual abuse of children by priests , saying there was an “ ignoble attempt ” to smear Pope Benedict “ at any cost . ”
The editorial in a Vatican newspaper came on a day abuse victims protested near St Peter ’s Square to demand the pope open files on pedophile clerics and defrock “ predator priests , ” and a cardinal spoke of a “ conspiracy ” against the church .
“ The prevalent tendency in the media is to ignore the facts and stretch interpretations with the aim of spreading the picture of the Catholic Church as the only one responsible for sexual abuse , something which does not correspond to reality , ” the Vatican newspaper said .
There was “ clearly an ignoble attempt to strike at Pope Benedict and his closest aides at any cost , ” it said .
The editorial challenged a New York Times report about the case of Rev. Lawrence Murphy , accused of sexually abusing up to 200 deaf boys in the United States from the 1950s to the 1970s .
Among 25 internal church documents the Times posted on its website was a 1996 letter about Murphy to Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , then the Vatican ’s top doctrinal official and now Pope Benedict , showing he had been informed of the case .
Ratzinger ’s deputy first advised a secret disciplinary trial but reversed that in 1998 after Murphy appealed directly to Ratzinger for clemency .
The priest died later that year .
The Vatican newspaper said : “ There was no cover - up in the case of Father Murphy . ”
The Vatican said earlier he was not disciplined because church laws do not require automatic punishment .
The report came amid mounting allegations of sexual abuse by priests in Europe and pressure on bishops , mostly in Ireland , to resign for failing to report cases to civil authorities .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
VICTIMS PROTEST
On Thursday morning , four leaders of the U.S. - based Survivor Network of those Abused by Priests ( SNAP ) , all of whom were sexually abused by priests , held a protest and news conference outside the Vatican .
Holding up photos of themselves as children and signs reading “ Stop the Secrecy Now , ” they demanded the pope open files on pedophile clerics worldwide and immediately defrock all “ predator priests . ”
Italian police took their passports and led them away for questioning .
They were held for two hours and later released , one of the group said .
The scandal of alleged cover-ups of abuse has come perilously close to the pope himself as victims say they want to know how he handled cases before his election in 2005 .
There have been allegations of a cover -up of abuse in Munich when he was the city ’s archbishop from 1977 to 1981 .
Victims ’ groups have called for information on his decisions when he headed the Vatican doctrinal department from 1981 to 2005 .
“ The pope has said he is sorry , ” said John Pilmaier , a SNAP leader who was abused more than 30 years ago .
“ But what the pope will not admit is what he knew and what the people inside the Vatican knew .
He owes it to every survivor and their families to be honest with us and explain what happened behind those walls , what was covered up , and to finally tell us the truth , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
At a breakfast meeting with reporters , one of the pope ’s top aides , Cardinal Jose Saraiva Martins , denounced what he called “ a conspiracy ” against the church .
“ This is a pretext for attacking the church , ” he said .
“ There is a well - organized plan with a very clear aim , ” he said , without spelling out who was behind it .
Saraiva Martins said he was for zero tolerance of abuse , but could understand why some bishops covered up cases in the past .
“ We should not be too scandalized if some bishops knew about it but kept it secret .
This is what happens in every family , you do n’t wash your dirty laundry in public , ” he said .
He also accused lawyers of “ wanting to make a lot of money ” by digging up decades - old cases and filing lawsuits .
An 18 - year - old Malibu man who made headlines for being the youngest person to climb the highest peak on all seven continents will be charged with an infraction for surfing up Pacific Coast Highway on top of a BMW sedan on the way to school Wednesday .
" I guess I was being stupid , " Johnny Strange said as he was confronted by traffic officers in a hallway at Malibu High School Wednesday , said Los Angeles sheriff 's Sgt. Phillip Brooks .
Strange made headlines last summer when he climbed Mt. Everest and then Australia 's Mt. Kosciuszko , ending his quest for the seven - continent climbing record .
A passenger in an MTA bus took photos Wednesday of Strange standing atop a BMW crossover sedan cruising west on PCH through Malibu , Brooks said .
The photos showed a teenager climbing out the passenger window and standing on the car as it moved with other traffic , in a 50 mile per hour zone .
One photo showed him kneeling on the roof of the moving car , his arms outstretched sideways .
The bus passenger e-mailed them to the sheriff 's department , which has a program of sending deputies to talk to youthful drivers who are observed driving unsafely , and their parents .
Deputies went to Malibu High School and spotted the BMW .
As they were talking to school officials , the BMW 's female driver and Strange walked up to them in a hallway , Brooks said .
Riding outside a car is an infraction , and the county attorney 's office was being consulted by sheriff 's deputies to see if any charges can be filed .
The girl is 17 , and will probably be cited for reckless driving and violating her provisional drivers license , which does not allow her to carry a passenger -- inside or outside her car , said Brooks .
Census to redefine poverty
With so many policy debates mired in partisan politics , the announcement last week by the U.S. Census Bureau that it plans to develop a supplemental poverty measure and then open it to public scrutiny is something both Republicans and Democrats can agree on .
The supplement is intended to augment the current , deeply flawed measure adopted in the 1960s .
In computing family income , that standard ignores billions of dollars in federal and state benefits .
It also ignores significant expenses — including day care , out - of - pocket medical expenses and housing costs — that have grown a great deal since the ’60s .
Advertisement
The result has been a poverty measure that miscalculates both family income and family needs — the two most common - sense ingredients of an accurate poverty measure .
The new supplemental measure has grown out of years of research and extensive consultation with leading scholars , as well as recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences .
It is to be unveiled in the Census Bureau ’s annual poverty report in the fall of 2011 , alongside the current official measure .
It should provide more accurate data for guiding national and state policy decisions that affect vulnerable families and children , greatly increasing the odds that these programs will be effective and efficient .
The proposed supplemental measure reflects a new — and much needed — consensus to use both conservative and liberal recommendations to improve the system for calculating poverty .
Conservatives should welcome the new measure because it addresses their major criticism that the current calculation does not accurately reflect total family income .
The modified measure includes income , or cash value of benefits , from government programs such as food stamps , the Earned Income Tax Credit , the child tax credit and housing assistance .
None of these is in the current measure , which leaves family income dramatically undercounted .
This would finally make it possible to know whether government programs actually help to reduce poverty .
Liberals should also embrace the new measure because it more accurately reflects the amount of money that families need to cover basic costs such as housing , food , transportation , child care and health care .
For most families , these costs greatly exceed $ 22,025 , the current poverty threshold for a family of four .
Accurate accounting will help identify millions of families living just above the official poverty line and struggling to make ends meet — which most Americans would consider living in poverty .
An accurate poverty measure would provide the nation with better information for considering long - term and short - term solutions to poverty .
It would give policymakers a clearer picture of how children and the elderly are faring .
And it shows , for the first time , the effectiveness of specific government programs — and reforms of programs — in reducing poverty .
The supplemental measure announced by the Census Bureau will not replace the official measure in determining how much funding goes to states , or who is eligible to receive benefits .
It will , however , start a process by which scholars and politicians come to see the clear benefits of the new measure for improving public policy .
This announcement is a major step forward that deserves the support of conservatives and liberals .
Sound government policy and public accountability depend on it .
But equally important is the administration ’s aggressive action .
These decisions had been avoided for decades , but this new poverty measure — which reflects broad agreement among scholars , policymakers and the public — presents a model for breaking deadlock in Washington .
Doug Nelson is president and CEO of the Annie E. Casey Foundation , which sponsors the Kids Count Data Book , a national and state - by - state project that tracks the status of children in the United States .
Ron Haskins , a former adviser to President George W. Bush and congressional adviser on welfare issues , co-directs the Brookings Center on Children and Families .
He is a senior consultant to the Annie E. Casey Foundation .
This article tagged under : Opinion
To understand why jobs are so scarce , consider John McFarland and Nicole Rosen .
The two share something in common :
They 're reluctant to spend freely .
McFarland is CEO of Baldor Electric Co. in Fort Smith , Ark. ; Rosen is a consumer in Washington state .
Each is earning and saving money .
Yet McFarland wo n't hire until consumers spend more .
And Rosen wo n't spend more until jobs seem secure .
Therein lies the standoff that helps explain the weakness of the recovery and the depth of the jobs crisis .
Each side — employers on one , consumers on the other — is waiting for the other to spend more .
Until then , the recovery will likely feel shaky .
And job openings will be few .
Which side will blink first ?
Many economists predict it will be businesses .
Sometime this year , many companies are likely to decide they must replace worn - out equipment or they can't squeeze any more output from their existing staff , according to estimates from Moody 's economy.com and IHS Global Insight .
Some will then ramp up hiring .
Yet business expansion and hiring are likely to remain so modest that it could take until 2011 or 2012 for consumers to respond by opening their wallets wide , Moody 's economy.com and IHS Global Insight predict .
Once they do , households are expected to finally unleash a pent - up demand for appliances , clothes and cars .
Until then , consumers and employers will likely remain wary of hiring or spending much .
The jobless rate , now 9.7 percent , will stay high .
And employers will create nowhere near the roughly 10 million jobs that economists say are needed to restore the job market to its pre-recession health .
" There 's a little bit of a standoff — a chicken - and - egg problem , " said Robert Reich , a professor of public policy at University of California , Berkeley .
Reich holds out the possibility the stalemate will end soon .
But short of a major industrial innovation — some new energy technology , for instance — he thinks businesses will remain slow to hire and consumers wary of spending freely for most of this year .
The government likely wo n't help much .
Stimulus spending is waning .
So are the Federal Reserve 's emergency support programs .
That leaves more of the job - creation burden for employers and consumers .
Yet companies are hoarding cash .
And consumers — squeezed by flat wages , a tight job market and shrinking home equity , and loath to take on more debt — are stashing away savings and paring debt .
They did begin to spend more in the past few months .
But only slightly so .
Jobs are n't likely to be created without robust consumer spending because shoppers fuel about 70 percent of economic activity .
Since the financial crisis erupted , consumers have focused on saving .
In 2009 , the U.S. personal savings rate reached 4.3 percent , the highest since 1998 .
Companies , meanwhile , are " sitting on a mountain of cash , " said Nariman Behravesh , chief economist at IHS .
The volume of cash U.S. corporations have on hand equals about one - tenth of the annualized gross domestic product over the past 12 months — near a record high , according to an IHS analysis of Commerce Department data .
Eventually , businesses will need to replace old equipment or invest in projects that were delayed by the recession .
And at some point , they wo n't be able to get their employees to keep producing more .
Productivity rose by an outsize 6.9 percent last quarter .
The productivity gains will eventually slow .
Hiring would be needed to boost output .
Steven Fazzari , economics professor at Washington University in St. Louis , cautions that even if companies ramp up spending this year , they will eventually pull back unless consumer demand responds with enough punch to justify further hiring and investment .
Corporate investment in computers and office furniture did rise in the second half of 2009 .
Yet companies remain reluctant to invest in major projects that would require adding workers .
McFarland 's is among them .
Baldor Electric makes industrial motors for factories .
Sales have ticked up this year .
But nothing gives McFarland confidence that economic growth is poised to accelerate .
That 's why Baldor is n't increasing spending or hiring .
It ended 2009 with a record $ 215 million in cash flow .
In better times , McFarland said Baldor would have plowed that money into upgrading equipment or adding to its work force of 6,500 .
This year , Baldor used cash to pay down $ 121 million in debt .
McFarland still feels burned from the financial crisis and recession , which led to the biggest year - over - year revenue drop Baldor had ever seen .
After orders all but stopped in December , Baldor had to cut costs .
It replaced client visits with phone calls .
It slashed the work week at some plants .
And it ended overtime pay .
McFarland said he 'll be slow to hire again even after business picks up .
So will David Farr , CEO of Emerson Electric Co. The St. Louis manufacturer has 125,000 employees in more than 150 countries , and buying up firms is vital to its business strategy .
But Farr said its overall investment , including acquisitions and new facilities , will grow only about 3 percent by summer .
That 's far less than the 10 percent boost he'd consider if consumer spending were higher .
Emerson is doing some limited hiring .
But Farr said he wo n't consider major job - creating investments — like building plants or expanding production — until demand increases .
If CEOs like McFarland and Farr expect consumers like Rosen to start spending freely again , they 'll be waiting a while .
Rosen , 29 , manages the budget for her family of four in Roy , Wash . , outside the Fort Lewis Army base where her husband is stationed .
A few years ago , Rosen might have used a credit card to pay for family meals or new electronic gear .
As a college student , she said she piled up card debt , buying " stupid stuff " like CDs , movies and restaurant meals .
The freewheeling days are over .
Rosen and her husband bought a $ 275,000 house in 2006 with an adjustable - rate mortgage .
The rate is around 8.5 percent now , and Rosen fears it will rise further .
Her husband makes a steady income as an Army cook .
But there is n't overtime pay to fill in the gaps if their mortgage payments balloon , she said .
Rosen works part time at a tax - prep agency during tax season .
She uses what disposable income she has to shore up the couple 's savings .
High unemployment makes her wary of spending much .
" Nobody is giving us the confidence to go out and spend our savings , " she said .
" We may need it to pay our house payment .
Or we may need it to pay medical bills . "
Reich wonders whether some wild - card factor — a new technology or some breakthrough akin to the spread of the Internet — might eventually ignite both business and consumer spending .
Will it happen ?
" In my optimistic moments , I say yes , " Reich said .
" Something always seems to come along when you look back at economic history .
The times that I just scratch my head , I worry that we 're in for a very long period of high unemployment . "
Ever since Bill Hicks 's death in 1994 at the age of 32 , the Texan comic has been subject to a creeping lionisation that has promoted him gradually into the upper reaches of those all - time greatest lists magazines and TV channels love to establish .
I personally have never had a great deal of time for Hicks 's shouty , hectoring comedy – it's like being trapped in a room with a sociology student who 's just drunk a dozen espressos – but this is a really interesting film biography of him , mining the deepest reaches of his childhood and adolescence to produce a thoroughly convincing and detailed portrait .
Film - makers Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas – both British – are lucky that Hicks 's family and childhood pals were happy to unburden themselves to camera , and fill in the blanks of Hicks 's early years ; they 're even luckier that they mastered an impressive - looking cut - and - paste animation technique that allows their film to rise above the usual talking - heads - and - snapshots visuals that such films are normally forced to rely on .
Hicks , it turns out , had a fairly unexceptional upbringing in Houston , the child of strict Baptist parents ; his main motivation , at the start , was to get the hell away from them .
His sometime writing and performing partner , Dwight Slade , tells some sweet little stories about how they discovered the local comedy club as high - schoolers in the 1970s ; it was there that Hicks had his first taste of fame , as an unlikely teenage star of the Texan comedy circuit .
His early inspirations were Woody Allen and , more revealingly , Richard Pryor ; it was on the latter he apparently modelled his ambition to push the comedy envelope whenever possible .
But it 's one detail that makes sense of Hicks 's later self - destruction ; he 'd never tasted alcohol until he was 21 .
And when he did , he fell off the wagon , big time .
Ironically , the booze was the main weapon in triggering the abusive , pissed - off persona that gave him his subsequent comedy identity .
Harlock and Thomas take us through Hicks 's turbulent career : after stand - up success in Texas , he headed off to LA where , like every two - bit John Belushi wannabe , he and Slade tried to get a movie script off the ground .
Their script , The Suburbs , never got made ; for some never - explained reason , Hicks lost interest .
Had it happened , Hicks could have gone global like his idols ; instead , he ended up back in Texas hugging a microphone and making the best of it .
This , no doubt , accounts for his status as the comedians ' comedian ; he was never sullied by Hollywood success , he remained purely a club comic .
Harlock and Thomas detail his heart - rending battle with alcoholism , which at first inspired and then impaired his rapport with his audience .
Fortunately Hicks 's career coincided with the age of the camcorder : there 's quite a bit of grainy footage of his hard - stare , high - decibel sermonising to give us a flavour of his live act .
You do n't have to be genius , though , to see that by the end it was getting out of hand , and there 's a fascinating switch of Hicks 's mood in the year before he died .
Hicks , as a Texan , was appalled by the Waco siege in 1993 , and used it as a focus for his anti-government tirades .
You can actually see an American tide turning ; the moment where the leftwing rage of the 1970s and 80s morphed into the rightwing libertarian paranoia that is still with us today .
Be that as it may , Harlock and Thomas have done their subject justice ; you can understand , if not necessarily applaud , Hicks 's pre-eminence among stand - up comics .
It makes it all the sadder that David Letterman , one of their own , should have cut Hicks 's last TV performance .
He did n't deserve it .
Bling Your Beaver and Join the Clitterati !
Under the ever - growing celebrity files of TMI ( too much information ! ) comes the latest incarnation of beauty products : Vajazzling !
The phenomenon takes its name from a combination of two words : bedazzle and vagina .
Jennifer Love Hugetits popularized the phenomenon after a report on her Swarovski snatch - which thanks to the crystals now shone like a disco ball .
She even devoted a chapter to it in her new book on dating , which I will not even dignify by linking .
As the trend evolves , perhaps we ’ll also see an aural equivalent .
When she spreads her legs to reveal her now - bedizened lady - garden , a musical rendition of “ Saturday Night Fever ” could start to play ( not unlike those Hallmark cards that play a tune when you open them ! ) .
Even better , instead of Swarovski crystals , why not use the edible kind ?
Just as beauty marks began to cover the scars left by smallpox , Vajazzling possibly began as a result of the not - infrequent skin reactions that occur when women looking for baby - ass smooth Venusian mounts have their gorilla salad ripped off with hot wax .
C-section scars also miraculously disappear under the distracting sparkle of a bejeweled box .
The tiny crystals are carefully and artfully applied by an aesthetician with adhesive to an obviously nekkid cooter , right after the agonizing Brazilian wax that must necessarily come first .
Of course some feminists have come out against it .
Far better to be proud of your poonani and show the world by wearing it on your sleeve - or around your neck .
Products like “ beautiful hand sculpted Vagina pendants , Uterus plushies , Vulva portraits , and Vagina pillows ” are all available at “ Vulva Love Lovely ‘s ” etsy shop .
The shop also sells menstrual products , and I suspect the shop owner rolls her own tampons .
I know you all are disappointed that I have no photo here , but if you want to see a nookie necklace you ’ll just have to visit the shop .
Feminists may not like it ( more like they think it is stupid , which it is ) but I personally think it is better for the psyche to pridefully draw attention to an admittedly unattractive body part than to take drastic measures to be ashamed of and try to hide natural pigmentation by bleaching your bunghole .
Now you must be asking , “ How do I become a member of the vajazzled clitterati ? ”
Well , ehow has an article on just how to do it yourself !
Martha Stewart types who may want to outdo their girlfriend with the latest in labia luster might want to check out the competition at “ Rate My Vajazzle ” I am sure you do not need to be told it is NSFW .
And really , unless you are a porn actress or just really drunk on a night out with girlfriends , do n’t bother .
Apparently guys just are n’t all that into it , unless you count the “ WTF ” moment he will experience the first time he sees your hypnotic hairless pie .
I , however , would be more than interested in seeing a “ penazzle ” or a “ scrotazzle ! ”
Follow MadMike ’sAmerica on Facebook and Twitter , and do n’t forget to visit our HOME PAGE .
They say that “ a good name is to be more desired than great wealth ” and many people believe that a name determines your character and success in life .
In business a good name is crucial : this is what people will remember and this is what make them go to the place again .
However , some business owners choose so strange names that you ca n’t but wonder “ What were they thinking ? ”
Baby Dump
What ?
Dumping babies ?
Is that some wicked new service or something ?
MacStore what ?
It probably is meant to be “ The MAC Store ” but reads nothing else but “ WTF MAC Store ” …
Stolen
Well , at least they are honest :
Hand Job …
I think it is pretty clear what they were thinking about :
Sissy Boy
An embarrassing place to shop ?
src
Diarrhea
Anyone has any idea what the name ( and the image ) are meant to represent ?
src
Fartown
To make things worse , that ’s a DIY fartown …
src
Arse
src
LadBROKES
It ’s a betting shop actually , how ironic : you ’d definitively wo n’t bet in there unless you wo n’t to become one of those “ brokes ”
src
Happy Crack
Oh what a combination : it ’s happy and it ’s crack !
L a w
Enforcement Sensitive AMERICAN
AIRLINES FLIGHT
# 1 1
INVESTIGATIVE
SUMMARY
( LES )
O n
September 11,2001 ,
at approximately 7:59 a.m. , American Airlines ( AA )
Flight
# 11 ,
a Boeing 767 aircr aft , departed from Log an International Airpo rt , Boston M assachu setts , bou nd
for
L os
Angeles ,
California , with
81
passengers and
11
crew mem bers on bo ard .
Five Middle
East ern mal es usin g box cutters and possibl y mace or pepper spra y hijacked th e
flight
approxi mately 14 minu tes into the
flight .
The FBI has
identified five
hijackers aboar d Fligh t
11 .
They
ar e
MOHAMED
ATTA ,
date
of
birt h September
1 ,
1968 ( Seat
8D ,
Business Class ) ; ABDUL AZIZ
A L
OMARI ,
date o f birth May 28 , 1979 ( Seat 8 G , Business Class ) ; SAT AM AL SUQA MI , dat e o f birt h June 28,1976 ( Seat 10B , Busines s Clas s ) ; W AL EED AL SHEHRI , date of birth Decembe r
20,1978
( Se at 2B , First Cla ss ) ; and WA IL AL S HEH RI , date of birth July 31 ,
1973
( Seat
2A ,
First
Class ) .
( LES )
T h e
cockpit voice recorder
from
th e
flight
has not
been recovered
from
th e
crash site .
A n unknown
individual keyed
th e
microphone that comm unicated with
the Air
Traffic
Control Tower
and the
following information
w as
recorded .
Tower
w as
trying
to
verify
if
Flight
# 1 1 w as
trying
to
contact
th e
Tower .
T h e
person
o n
Flight
# 11 ,
n o t
further
identified ,
stated
th e following :
W e
have
some planes .
Just stay
quiet
and you will b e o.k .
We are returning to the airport .
The
Tower
tried to
verify
again i f F light
# 1 1
was t rying to contact the Tower .
The person on Flight
# 1 1
stated th e
following :
Nobody move , everything is o.k .
If you try to make
an y
moves
y o u
will
injure yourself
and the
airplane .
L et 's stay quiet .
T h e
person
o n
Flight
# 1 1
then
stated : Nobody move please ,
we are
going
back
to the
airport .
Don't
try to
make
an y
stupid
moves . ( LES ) I nte rvi ews of em ployees of the
airline
revealed three pre-crash telephone calls with the
following
details pertaining
to the
takeover
of the
aircraft .
BETTY
O N G
advised Ope rations
Specialist NYDIA
GONZALEZ that she was Fligh t Attendant Num ber 3 on F light
11 .
( RAY CORNELL
SCOTT ,
manager
o n
duty
at the
Information
Center
fo r
Am eri can A irl ines
w as
advised of t he Emergency phone call and lis tened to t he call . )
ONG sta ted the individu al who
w as
seated
in 9B
appeared
to be
dead .
Fligh t Attendant Nu mb er
1 was
stabbed ,
in
serious condit ion and h ad
been
placed on o xygen .
Fligh t Attendant Num ber 5 had also been stabbed , but
was not
described
as
being
in
serious condition .
O N G
relayed that
a
passenger
who was
seated
in
10 B
w as
currently
in the
cockpit .
T h e
passenger 's name
w as
provided
an d
phonetically reported
as
SAMIR
A L
ASAQUAMI ( SATAM
A L
SUQAMI ) .
O N G
advi sed that passeng ers seated in
seats
2A , 2B and
10
B participated in the takeover of Flight
11 .
These individuals were
identified
by the
manifest
as
Passenger
2A ,
WAIL
A L
SHEH RI ; Passe nger
2B as
WALEED
A L
SHEHRI an d
Passenger
10 B as SATAM A L SUQAMI .
O N G advised th e First Class
passengers
h ad
been
moved to t he coach secti on but did not
specify
if this was done by the
flight
crew
or the
hijackers .
O N G
began explaining that
th e
plane
w as
rapidly descending
an d
that they were
going
down fast .
Thereafter
th e
phone call
w as
disconnect ed. SCOTT looked
at the
clock which
indi cated the time was
approximately
8:43
a.m.
LaAV
Enforcement Sensitive
JICI
04/19/02
The Fed has finally came clean .
It now admits it bailed out Bear Stearns – taking on tens of billions of dollars of the bank ’s bad loans – in order to smooth Bear Stearns ’ takeover by JPMorgan Chase .
The secret Fed bailout came months before Congress authorized the government to spend up to $ 700 billion of taxpayer dollars bailing out the banks , even months before Lehman Brothers collapsed .
The Fed also took on billions of dollars worth of AIG securities , also before the official government - sanctioned bailout .
The losses from those deals still total tens of billions , and taxpayers are ultimately on the hook .
But the public never knew .
There was no congressional oversight .
It was all done behind closed doors .
And the New York Fed – then run by Tim Geithner – was very much in the center of the action .
This raises three issues .
First , only Congress is supposed to risk taxpayer dollars .
The Fed is not part of the legislative branch .
Its secret deals , announced almost two years after they were done , violate the democratic process , if not the Constitution itself .
Thomas Jefferson put a stop to Alexander Hamilton ’s idea of a powerful central bank out of fear it would be unaccountable to the public .
The Fed has just proven Jefferson ’s point .
Second , if the Fed can secretly bail out big banks , the problem of “ moral hazard ” – bankers taking irresponsible risks because they know they ’ll be rescued – is far greater than anyone assumed after Congress and the Bush and Obama administrations bailed out the banks .
Big banks will always be too big to fail because they know the Fed will secretly back them up if they get into trouble , even if Congress wo n’t do it openly .
Third , the announcement throws a monkey wrench into the financial reform bill now on Capitol Hill , which gives the Fed additional authority by , for example , creating a consumer protection bureau inside it .
Only yesterday , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) blasted the Dodd bill for expanding the Fed ’s authority “ even as it remains shrouded in secrecy . ”
The Fed has a big problem .
It acts in secret .
That makes it an odd duck in a democracy .
As long as it ’s merely setting interest rates , its secrecy and political independence can be justified .
But once it departs from that role and begins putting billions of dollars of taxpayer money at risk — choosing winners and losers in the capitalist system — its legitimacy is questionable .
That it chose to reveal the truth about its activities during a week when Congress is out of town , when much of official Washington and the Washington media have gone on vacation , and only after several federal courts have held that the Fed must release documents related to its bailout of Bear Stearns , suggests it would rather remain secret than become transparent .
Much of what Ben Bernanke and Tim Geithner did ( when Geithner was at the New York Fed ) in 2008 was presumably necessary .
But the public has no way of knowing .
The public does n’t even know who else the Fed has bailed out , or what entities it will bail out in the future .
All we know is the Fed secretly bailed out Bear Stearns and AIG and thereby subjected taxpayers to risks that remain even today , without informing the public .
That ’s not a record on which to build public trust .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
You 've lost your rabbit a s s mind
Posted by Brian from Shawnee on November 17 , 2005
In Reply to :
You 've lost your rabbit a s s mind posted by Deanita on November 17 , 2005
: what is the meaning of " You 've lost your rabbit a s s mind " ?
Does anyone know what happens when a rabbit loses its mind ?
I think it means " You 've lost your mind " .
The extra " rabbit ass " just adds a little color to the phrase .
Use of " rabbit " hints at Bugs Bunny , who was screwy to begin with .
And I 'm no expert but I think that what happens when a rabbit loses its mind , is the entire herd has to be destroyed to avoid the spread of Mad Rabbit Disease .
Better look that one up , though .
Farmland struck by infestations of bugs following widespread adoption of Bt cotton made by biotech giant Monsanto
Scientists call for GM review after surge in pests around cotton farms in China
Scientists are calling for the long - term risks of GM crops to be reassessed after field studies revealed an explosion in pest numbers around farms growing modified strains of cotton .
The unexpected surge of infestations " highlights a critical need " for better ways of predicting the impact of GM crops and spotting potentially damaging knock - on effects arising from their cultivation , researchers said .
Millions of hectares of farmland in northern China have been struck by infestations of bugs following the widespread adoption of Bt cotton , an engineered variety made by the US biotech giant , Monsanto .
Outbreaks of mirid bugs , which can devastate around 200 varieties of fruit , vegetable and corn crops , have risen dramatically in the past decade , as cotton farmers have shifted from traditional cotton crops to GM varieties , scientists said .
Traditional cotton famers have to spray their crops with insecticides to combat destructive bollworm pests , but Bt cotton produces its own insecticide , meaning farmers can save money by spraying it less .
But a 10 - year study across six major cotton - growing regions of China found that by spraying their crops less , farmers allowed mirid bugs to thrive and infest their own and neighbouring farms .
The infestations are potentially catastrophic for more than 10 m small - scale farmers who cultivate 26 m hectares of vulnerable crops in the region studied .
The findings mark the first confirmed report of mass infestations arising as an unintended consequence of farmers using less pesticide – a feature of Bt cotton that was supposed to save money and lessen the crops ' environmental impact .
The research , led by Kongming Wu at the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences in Beijing , is published in the US journal , Science .
" Our work highlights a critical need to do ecological assessments and monitoring at the landscape - level to better understand the impacts of GM crop adoption , " Dr Wu told the Guardian .
Environmental campaigners seized on the study as further evidence that GM crops are not the environmental saviour that manufacturers have led farmers to believe .
" This is a massive issue in terms of the environment , but also in terms of costs for the farmer .
The plan with GM crops was to reduce costs and environmental impact , but neither of these things seem to be happening , because over time , nature takes its course , and that was bound to happen .
The supposed benefits in yield can be cancelled out by unintended consequences like this , " said Kirtana Chandrasekaran , a food campaigner at Friends of the Earth .
In the past decade , farmers in India and elsewhere have noticed that herbicide - tolerant GM crops have developed resistance to pesticide sprays , again reducing the benefits of the crops , Chandrasekaran said .
" Reliance on GM is not sustainable .
We need to get back to using local varieties of crops that are adpted to the conditions , and develop an integrated system of pest management . "
While many countries around the world have embraced GM crops , they have never taken root in Britain , where multinational companies have faced protests and vandalism to crop trials in recent years .
Britain 's large - scale field trials of herbicide - tolerant GM crops in 2003 found changes in herbicide use had an impact on weeds and insects that might also affect country wildlife .
Dr Wu's team monitored insecticide use from 1992 to 2008 at 38 farms throughout the six northern Chinese provinces of Henan , Hebei , Jiangsu , Anhui , Shandong and Shanxi .
They also kept records of mirid bug populations at the farms between 1997 and 2008 .
Before switching to GM cotton , farmers used more broad - spectrum insecticides to kill bollworms and other pests .
But as more farmers began growing
Bt cotton , their use of sprays declined , leading to a steady rise in pests , including mirid bugs .
Over the decade - long study , cotton farms flipped from being a grave for mirid bugs to a source of the pests , where populations grew rapidly and then spilled out to feed on a variety of flowering crops in neighbouring farms .
Bt cotton is modified to produce a natural insecticide that is made by a soil bacterium called Bacillus thuringiensis .
The toxin specifically targets bollworms , which can devastate cotton yields .
Additional reporting by Celia Cole
BT cotton timeline
1990 : Cotton plants genetically engineered to produce enough Bt toxin ( derived from the Bacillus thuringiensis bacterium ) to be protective against insects
1996 : First
Bt cotton varieties , known as Bollgard Cotton in US , introduced commercially by Monsanto , and Delta and Pine Land Company
1997 : China begins cultivating
Bt cotton , increasing area of the crop planted to 1.8 m hectares worldwide
2003 : Britain 's large scale field trials of herbicide tolerant GM crops .
Showed that changes in herbicide use had an impact on weeds and insects that might also affect country wildlifem hectares worldwide
2009 : 49 % of cotton production worldwide is Bt cotton , or 16 m hectares
2010 : No GM crops grown commercially in the UK .
Spain is the biggest grower in Europe , but there are also significant amounts of crops grown in France , Germany , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Portugal .
May 12 , 2010  --
During a series of dry - run exercises , where the U.S. Coast Guard , other agencies and oil companies practiced their response to major oil spill disasters , industry executives repeatedly pressed federal regulators to give them more say on what information would be released to the public if disaster struck .
Reports obtained in a joint investigation by ABC News and the Center for Public Integrity show oil companies targeted the potential release of " confidential " information as a key concern .
CLICK HERE to follow ABC News Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross on Twitter .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
That behind - the - scenes lobbying effort helped foretell a tug of war this week over images that BP America did not want the public to see as the company struggled to try and contain the massive spill unleashed after one of the company 's offshore oil rigs exploded in the Gulf of Mexico .
Throughout the clean - up effort , BP has monitored the spill site around the clock using submarine - mounted cameras at the mouth of the spill .
An official at Oceaneering International , the company that operates the submarines under a contract with BP , told ABC News he " could walk right down the hall and watch it , but I can't share it without BP 's express permission . "
Eric Smith , a professor at Tulane University 's Energy Institute said that footage could help in making independent assessments of the scope of the spill .
But it also could do public relations damage to BP .
It has remained closely guarded and cannot be made public under the argument that it is " proprietary , " according to Coast Guard officials who have received repeated requests to release the images .
CLICK HERE to follow ABC News Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross on Twitter .
It is an argument that surfaced repeatedly during training exercises held jointly by the Coast Guard , other state and federal agencies , and major oil companies .
" Protecting proprietary information of private sector when merged with government information , " was how the Coast Guard officials identified a key concern in a report filed after a 2002 war game , where they tried to plan out their response to a mock oil rig blowout in the Gulf of Mexico .
Wednesday , BP officials indicated that the company plans to release video of the underwater operations but did not provide a timeframe .
On Tuesday , the company quietly added a photograph to their website showing oil gushing from the 12 inch riser pipe on the sea floor .
Smith , the Tulane professor , said the images " allow the engineers to develop mathematical models that can approximate the flow rate . "
That came as government officials told reporters they were trying to persuade the company to be more forthcoming .
Asked if the White House could compel the company to release the video , Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday the decision rests with BP , which controls the tapes .
When Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - California ) pressed a top BP executive on the question during congressional hearings Tuesday , she was told the videos are under joint government and industry control at the incident command center in New Orleans , where they are teaming up to orchestrate the spill response .
" Our understanding is there 's far more than has been released , " Boxer pressed after the BP executive told her it could not be retrieved . "
Will you get back to this committee ?
We would be interested in viewing those and making those public . "
BP America President Lamar McKay told senators the company is " making every effort to keep the public and government officials informed of what is happening . "
" BP executives have regularly briefed the President 's Cabinet and National Security Council team , members of Congress , the governors and attorneys general of the Gulf Coast states , and many local officials . "
Carefully guarding the flow of information has been a hallmark of BP 's response to oil field disasters , according to Brent Coon , a lawyer who represented victims of a BP oil refinery explosion in Texas City .
" Less than three hours after the BP Texas City plant erupted in fire , blasting out windows miles away , BP already had their PR and damage control team in place , " Coon said , citing an internal corporate email in which BP officials predict coverage of the explosion would subside after the holiday weekend .
Attention to handling the media response to a major oil spill was just one focus of the four elaborate exercises staged by the U.S. Coast Guard over the past decade , the after action reports show .
As early as 2002 , the practice runs also indicated that oil companies lacked updated equipment to mount an effective response to a spill , and would need to be forced by the government to invest in better technology .
" Without requirements in place to require use of new response technologies they will not be developed and deployed adequately , " said an after - action report from the summer 2002 drill that simulated an oil leak from a sunken rig in the Gulf of Mexico that was eerily similar to the current disaster .
" There is little incentive for [ oil companies ] to invest in them and therefore , little incentive for technology companies to develop or refine these technologies further . "
Those requirements were never forced on the companies and , as a result , the oil spill response underway in the Gulf is being mounted with booms and skimmers that some industry experts described as antiquated and of limited value .
" The technology that 's being used on the surface is over 30 years old , " said Jerome Milgram , a professor of marine technology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
" I can say this .
I do n't see any practical effect for putting out booms when the sea conditions are such that the booms are totally ineffective . "
BP 's " worst case " scenario for a huge oil spill in the Gulf relies heavily on being able to boom and skim a half million barrels a day , according to the oil spill response plan the company filed with federal regulators .
Carl Pope , chairman of the Sierra Club , called that " fantasy . "
" These are not serious plans , and yet the government accepts them as a basis for drilling , " he said .
The nation has been gripped by scenes of a massive oil slick spreading across the Gulf of Mexico since the BP - operated Horizon Deepwater rig exploded April 20 and sank two days later leaving behind a massive oil leak that has yet to be contained .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
Oil industry officials told members of Congress Tuesday that new technology is being used to combat the ongoing spill .
In response to questions , they identified the use of dispersants to attack the spill under water as a new approach that had been honed over the past several years .
But they also acknowledged that a spill at this depth has presented them with problems they were n't prepared for .
" I think , after this is under control and thought about in hindsight , there will be some ideas about how to make the subsea intervention and response better , " said BP America 's chairman and president , Lamar McKay .
" I think we 're learning right now as we go . "
U.S. officials said in interviews that the elaborate dry runs taught them important lessons that are making the ongoing response stronger and more effective .
But they also acknowledged that they have yet to resolve some of the persistent problems related to communication , coordination and technology problems that surfaced during the drill conducted March 24 - 25 in New England , simulating a response to an oil tanker leaking 18 million gallons of crude after a collision off the coast of Maine .
" Every exercise you do , you come out with the question of whether your communication skills are up to the challenge , " Coast Guard Lt. Kelly Dietrich said in an interview .
But Dietrich said the Coast Guard and its federal allies have made steady improvement through the training exercises and do n't deserve some of the criticisms that have been raised by lawmakers and residents in the Gulf .
" We always go out with full force , " she said .
" It always seems to the public that it seems slow because most people are n't involved in the preparatory work . "
ABC News ' Asa Eslocker contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Text Size A A
The results of a recent study into the origin of age - related memory impairment offer hope that this type of cognitive decline can be reversed ( Science 2010 , 328 , 753 ) .
Prior research suggested that gene expression employed by the brain for memory consolidation is partly controlled by acetylation of histones , the proteins around which DNA is wrapped .
Other research indicated that gene expression in the brain is also affected by aging .
In the new study , André Fischer , a neuroscientist at the European Neuroscience Institute , in Göttingen , Germany , and coworkers looked for evidence of a link between these two hypotheses .
Working with mice , the researchers found that aging reduces the animals ’ ability to acetylate a lysine on the H4 histone , which hampers expression of genes involved in memory formation .
Fischer 's team also showed that injecting aging mice with the histone deacetylase inhibitor suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid ( SAHA ) increases acetylation of the H4 lysine and restores the learning ability of the mice .
J. David Sweatt , a neurobiologist at the University of Alabama , Birmingham , writes in a commentary about the work that " the study presents a major advance in thinking about the role of histone modifications in synaptic plasticity and memory formation . "
But he cautions against attributing " all of the memory disruption and pharmacological rescue effects in the aged animals to a single histone modification " ( Science 2010 , 328 , 701 ) .
A week after a school Morgan Hill made national news for sending five students home for wearing American flag T - shirts on Cinco de Mayo , a school in Monterey County finds itself in the flag spotlight .
This one involves an art project .
A Salinas middle school student said her teacher stopped her from drawing the American flag , while another student 's picture of President Obama was praised .
Tracy Hathaway said the art teacher at Gavilan View Middle School told her daughter she could n't draw the American flag because it was offensive .
Watch video
Hathaway said they were shocked when they heard what happened .
They have met with the teacher and principal at Gavilan View Middle School , but were not satisfied with outcome of that meeting .
When the parents asked the teacher what she thought was offensive about drawing , the teacher did n't answer them , Hathaway said .
The Hathaways now want a " real " apology .
" My daughter was n’t trying to break any rules and she was n’t trying to create a scene , " Hathaway told Fox radio .
" She was just expressing her view and saying this is America and I want God to bless it . "
The Hathaways said the issue is n't about race , adding that the teacher is white .
Racism crept into the discussion following the Fox report .
The school says it has received more than 200 e-mails and phone messages in recent days , most of them containing hateful and racist comments .
" ( Messages say ) that we have violated that student 's First Amendment rights and the so - called teacher needs to ' get the hell out of my country , ' " said District Superintendent Mike Brusa .
Brusa said another meeting is planned for later his week between the teacher , parents and Hathaway , and that an apology may be in order .
Although Brusa would n't discuss whether any disciplinary action has been taken , or will be , the teacher involved was n't on campus Monday .
The incident actually happened several weeks ago , but KSBW television covered the story Monday night .
At the time of the Fox report , School District Superintendent Mike Brusa sent Fox the following statement :
When we were aware there may be additional concerns , I asked the administration to contact parents again to see if there is any expectations from prior contact that have not been met .
The Principal did so , and indicated the parents were satisfied that the situation had been handled .
They told the Principal they had twittered Fox and had indicated that the situation had been handled .
Secondly , there are 3,000 students in the district , 250 employees , and parents that go with the students .
Every day there are many interactions that occur between all these individuals .
As I indicated , this event occurred several weeks ago , and in that time there would be literally thousands of events large and small between the people involved with the school .
This was one small event that did not even come to the level of my office .
There is an informal and formal process that is used to resolve issues .
The school administration and the parents did not view this as significant enough to bring it to the Superintendent ’s office .
Thank you for allowing me to clarify this situation .
KSBW contributed to this report .
A boy swims in the polluted waters of the Buriganga river in Dhaka May 14 , 2009 .
The water of the Buriganga river has turned pitch black due to the dumping of millions of tonnes of human and industrial waste according to local media .
REUTERS / Andrew Biraj
ABIDJAN ( Reuters ) - Human beings are flushing millions of tonnes of solid waste into rivers and oceans every day , poisoning marine life and spreading diseases that kill millions of children annually , the U.N. said on Monday .
“ The sheer scale of dirty water means more people now die from contaminated and polluted water than from all forms of violence including wars , ” the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) said .
In a report entitled “ Sick Water ” for World Water Day , UNEP said the two million tonnes of waste , which contaminates over two billion tonnes of water daily , had left huge “ dead zones ” that choke coral reefs and fish .
It consists mostly of sewage , industrial pollution , pesticides from agriculture and animal waste .
The report said a lack of clean water was killing 1.8 million children under five every year .
Much of the waste came from developing countries , which dump 90 percent of their wastewater untreated .
Diarrhoea , mostly from dirty water , kills around 2.2 million people a year , it said , and “ over half the world ’s hospital beds are occupied with people suffering from illnesses linked with contaminated water . ”
The report recommends water recycling systems and multi-million or multi-billion dollar water sewage treatment works . ”
It also suggests protecting wetlands , which act as natural waste processors , and saving animal waste to use as fertilizer .
“ If the world is to ... survive on a planet of six billion people heading to over nine billion by 2050 , we need to get smarter about how we manage wastewaters , ” said UNEP director Achim Steiner .
“ Wastewater is quite literally killing people . ”
VATICAN CITY —
Airline ticket prices often seem to fluctuate randomly , with a given route affordable one day and costly the day after .
But there is a reason why a round - trip ticket from Warsaw to Rome on the weekend of Oct. 16 costs up to three - and - a - half times as much as one for the weekend before or after that :
Poles were sure that on that day — the 32nd anniversary of his ascent to the pontificate — the beatification of their beloved Pope John Paul II would take place in St. Peter 's Square , and they bought tickets en masse .
But it looks like the Poles were wrong .
Karol Wojtyla 's beatification process is very close to its end , but is turning out to be more complicated than anticipated .
A battle has erupted in the Vatican around the late pope and how he should be remembered , while investigations into how the church handled allegations of sexual abuse by priests is casting new shadows on his image .
On Monday , John Paul II 's successor , Pope Benedict XVI , celebrated a memorial mass for the Polish pope at the Vatican :
He praised Wojtyla 's pontificate and presented him as a model for Catholics , but gave no hint as to when his beatification might happen .
So even though millions of pilgrims called for him to become a " Santo Subito " ( saint now ) at his funeral on Apr. 2 , 2005 , the fifth anniversary of John Paul II 's death is likely to pass without any news , just like those before it .
The delay is quite unexpected .
Pope Benedict waived the mandatory five - year period to begin the beatification process , and after a two - stage process with dozens of interviews and meetings , he signed a decree on Dec. 19 , 2009 , recognizing Wojtyla 's “ heroic virtues . ”
This is usually a stepping stone to beatification and only the Vatican recognition of a “ miracle ” — such as an inexplicable act of healing — is missing before he can be beatified and declared “ blessed . ”
Finding a miracle for such a popular pope should n't be too complicated a task .
In fact , according to reports in the Italian press , the office of the Postulatore — the central bureau that oversees the beatification process — has received reports of more 250 " miraculous " healings by John Paul II .
The Chief Postulatore , Polish Monsignore Slawomir Oder , has settled on the case of a French nun , Marie Simon Pierre , whose Parkinson 's disease — the same illness suffered by the late pope — disappeared for no evident medical reason just two months after Wojtyla 's death .
She says she had prayed asking for the pope 's help .
Recently , though , reports in the Polish press have suggested that the nun 's illness might have been misdiagnosed .
According to the newspaper Rzeczpospolita , she could have suffered from a syndrome similar to Parkinson's , for which there is a known cure .
Rumors that she might have a relapse were then strongly denied in an official statement by French bishops .
The alleged miracle , they said , still has to be verified by the Vatican .
But doubts remain and a commission of doctors is due to meet in the next weeks to study her case .
Should they agree that her recovery was miraculous , the process would then require another vote by Vatican theologians and cardinals , before the final signature by Pope Benedict himself .
With these final hurdles remaining , a media frenzy has focused on the late pope .
It was stirred , quite unusually , by the Chief Postulatore himself , who has recently published a book on John Paul II .
The book , " Why a saint ? " , draws on the documents he collected during the beatification process , particularly on 114 sworn testimonies given by people who knew Wojtyla personally .
His initiative was seen as highly unorthodox as all materials relative to a beatification cause are supposed to be Vatican secrets .
Oder replied to criticism saying that he does n't give the names of his sources but just refers to them in general terms .
Among other revelations , the book described how the late pope “ flagellated himself both in Poland and in the Vatican ” : “ In his closet , among the cassocks , there was a hook holding a particular belt for slacks , which he used as a whip . ”
While bodily penance was common among medieval saints , such as St. Francis of Assisi or Teresa of Avila , the practice is now associated with conservative movements such as Opus Dei and generally abandoned in the Catholic Church .
Other embarrassing news came from Poland , where a lifelong friend of John Paul II , psychiatrist Wanda Poltawska , published their decades - long correspondence , shedding light on a very un - pope - like female friendship .
No one in the Vatican doubts that Wojtyla should eventually be declared a saint .
The church knows it needs his universally recognized charisma more than ever , as the sex abuse scandal spreads to continental Europe and touches even Pope Benedict .
A global event such as a John Paul II beatification ceremony , which could be attended by millions , would boost the image and status of the papacy .
But now the sex abuse scandal itself might further complicate matters :
New revelations show that one of Wojtyla 's main proteges , Father Marcial Maciel , founder of the Legion of Christ , abused minors and led a double life , fathering at least one son and probably more .
Austrian cardinal Christoph Schoenborn , also recalled , in an interview on Austrian television , how the Vatican Curia during John Paul II 's reign obstinately protected Hermann Groer , an archbishop of Vienna who was revealed to have abused minors .
After a power struggle behind the Vatican 's walls , John Paul II heeded the advice of those who did n't want an investigation and Groer got away with an apology that admitted no guilt .
“ In the past three years , " Groer wrote in 1998 , " there have been many often incorrect statements concerning me .
I ask God and the people for forgiveness if I have brought guilt upon myself . ”
With the scandal building , many in the Vatican want John Paul II on the altars as soon as possible , before other inconvenient aspects of his life come to light .
Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz , lifetime secretary to Wojtyla and now the powerful archbishop of Krakow , has criticized both Poltawska and Oder , asking the latter to explain his actions in a private meeting .
But the revelations might also shape the image of the future saint .
Conservative Catholic analysts have drawn attention to darker sides of Wojtyla 's personality , such as his self - flagellation , as they reinforce those inside the church who want a more conservative , traditional approach to Catholicism .
They might see benefit in pressing for his beatification at a time when Vatican positions — from celibacy to condoms — look more open to debate .
PITTSBURGH — A Pittsburgh thief turned out to be no match for a little nun with a commanding voice .
Sister Lynn Rettinger did n’t even have to break out a ruler for man who reached into an open window and stole a wallet from a car on Tuesday .
She just needed the voice honed by nearly 50 years in Catholic schools .
After a teacher saw the man swipe the wallet , the 5 - foot - 3 principal of Sacred Heart Elementary School in the Shadyside neighborhood went outside and firmly told the man , " you need to give me what you have . "
The unknown thief turned over the wallet , apologized and walked away .
Rettinger says she merely said what she says to students when she knows they have something they should n’t .
Police are still looking for the man .
What 's happening around the country with midwives over the last couple of weeks ?
Take a peek ...
The International Day of the Midwife has come and gone – with a special focus on celebrating this day virtually – and there ’s a lot to round - up as the push to improve women ’s access to midwifery and to license and support those midwives who offer this access continues !
With that in mind , I thought I ’d round - up some of what ’s happening around the country and on our computers related to midwifery .
Online Midwifing , Sorta
The International Day of the Midwife Virtual Conference was a smashing success !
Gina Crosley - Corcoran quotes Sarah Stewart ( organizer of the conference , and a midwife and social media consultant herself ) in an article on the 24 hr. virtual conference :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
“ Within a few minutes it became obvious that the conference was going to be a great success , especially compared to last year ’s conference – last year we had an average of 6 participants per session – this year we had an average of 50 participants per session .
So what made the difference to the success of this event this year ? ”
Sarah ’s blog is an amazing resource , by the way , for anyone seeking information on the organizing power of social media .
And the fact that a screen capture featuring my face is up on her site in this post about facilitating an event using social media tools is not at all why I ’m linking to this .
For a full range of the online discussions and events that occurred in honor of the day , check out this incredible listing for information about midwifery , first - hand accounts of out - of - hospital birthing , an update on women ’s health in Haiti , a discussion of the “ art of midwifery ” , an exploration into maternal and newborn health globally and more .
“ The Mother of All Rallies ”
In Ohio , midwives and midwifery advocates , as part of the group Ohio Families for Safe Birth , are rallying at their state capitol today to lobby for a law that would license CPMs ( certified professional midwives ) in the state .
As readers of Rewire no doubt know by this time , The Big Push for Midwives is a national , grassroots lobbying effort to pass laws state - by - state licensing and regulating CPMs , thereby making the option much more accessible and ultimately more affordable to all women .
If CPMs are covered as licensed practitioners , they are then eligible to be covered by Medicaid , and to partner with physicians in local hospitals for easier transfer should that be necessary ( though finding midwife - friendly OB / GYNs who are working at hospitals is another issue I ’ll take up later on in this post ! ) .
Ohio is one of 24 states which does not currently license CPMs .
Still , over 1000 babies are born at home each year , in Ohio , with the help of a midwife .
More and more women with healthy pregnancies are searching for a less invasive , less clinical , more empowering birth experience – the kind of birth they ’re likely to get in an out - of - hospital setting , with a midwife in attendance .
Ohio joins many states at this point in the push to license and regulate CPMs , as studies are released which consistently show the safety and benefits to women and newborns of midwife - attended birth .
As a reproductive justice issue , it ’s critical that we break down the barriers to safe , evidence - based , empowering options for women who wish to choose with whom they want to birth and where and who do not want to be automatically exposed to a range of medical interventions without cause .
Dr. Biter Gets Bitten ?
With the recent closure of the midwife - friendly hospital St. Vincent ’s in New York City , and the decision , in California , to inexplicably ( or without good cause ) bar midwives from a local hospital , it ’s hard not to wonder whether hospital administrators and some of the physicians who work at these hospitals are n’t feeling the fear of the rising tide of midwifery ?
Now it ’s not only midwives who are in the bulls - eye but midwife - friendly Ob - Gyns who practice with a woman - centered , less - is - more approach to birth for healthy women .
Dr. Robert Biter , a “ beloved ” Ob - Gyn practicing at Scripps Memorial Hospital in Encinitas , CA lost his hospital privileges last week with no explanation at the time of this writing .
Dr. Biter is legally unable to comment on the issue .
But according to birth blogs around the web , as well as the local television news , Dr. Biter is “ dedicated to allowing birth to happen naturally ” and is currently offering to attend his patients ’ births as an unpaid doula ( wow , just wow ) .
One local childbirth educator speculates that ,
“ I think it ’s a smear campaign by Scripps to get rid of Dr. Biter because he does n’t make enough money for Scripps because he does n’t do enough C- sections and he does n’t do enough interventions .
And I think it makes a lot of other doctors uncomfortable … ”
Natural and home birth advocate and actress Ricki Lake will join others for a rally on Friday to protest the suspension of his privileges .
As always , if you ’ve got stories related to midwifery , natural birth , home birth or other similar issues , please email me : amie AT rhrealitycheck DOT org .
* Bank of America has spent $ 14.9 billion to settle 15 cases alleging various charges such as securities violations and mismanagement ; * Citigroup has spent over $ 13.9 billion to settle 12 cases alleging various charges including abusive lending practices and involvement in fraudulent activities ; * Merrill Lynch has spent $ 12.2 billion to settle cases involving various allegations including negligence and mismanagement of funds ; * Morgan Stanley has spent over $ 5 billion to settle 11 cases involving various allegations including failure to disclose material information to customers ; * Wachovia has spent over $ 9.5 billion to resolve allegations including misleading investors and conflicts of interest ; * UBS has spent $ 19.5 billion to settle 6 cases with various charges including misleading investors .
These cases indicate that there is massive fraud and wrong doing endemic to Wall Street and the financial system .
But where are the government prosecutors ?
And why are they not bringing a similar flood of criminal cases ?
At least one Federal Judge has become irate over the lack of response from the Department of Justice and taken matter into his own hands .
This is the same judge that in September 2009 gave a tongue lashing to lawyers from the Securities and Exchange Commission for their failure to press criminal charges against Bank of America .
William Black , one of the legal eagles who cleaned up the savings and loan disaster , explains how a criminal environment is created , then begins to dominate a financial institution :
Below , former IMF chief economist Simon Johnson , who wrote the landmark April 2009 Atlantic Monthly article on the new financial oligarchy , The Quiet Coup , addresses the Roosevelt Institute 's Make Markets Be Markets conference , held last week .
In a powerful eight - minute presentation , Simon shows how the 1980s Reagan Revolution transformed the U.S. financial system and set in motion a " Doomsday Cycle " that has not yet been stopped , but is still careening toward yet another economic cataclysm .
If you think I ’m applying hyperbole here , take the eight minutes to watch and decide for yourself .
( In case the embed of this Vimeo does not work , here ’s the link . )
Simon Johnson on the Doom Cycle ( MMBM ) from Roosevelt Institute on Vimeo .
UPDATES
First , a tip of the hat to gjohnsit , who diaried this story yesterday , including one of the videos .
Give him some mojo !
In self defense , I will note that I actually came across the mention of the civil case settlements and penalties by following links from his posting on The Economic Populist , Why we are headed into Depression .
Second , a tip of the hat to burrowowl , who points out that the $ 430 billion figure is misleading because it is a summary of all cases since the 1990s .
Pescadoro Bill replies that the " emphasis should be more on the $ 75 billion recently spent to settle the cases . "
Third , revgerry asks if there are any transcripts yet from the Make Markets be Markets conference .
I 've not seen any yet ; how about anyone else ?
Finally , what is it with you people ?
Only when I have to leave to do something , you put me on the rec list ?
This time I crawl back out from under the house , having completed the spring insecticide application , and find that my diary is off to the races without me .
The LHC today began running 7TeV collisions for the first time .
In the instant that its detectors register the events associated with a collision , the challenges move from the hardware realm into software , as the LHC will literally produce more data than we can possibly handle .
We have to figure out what to hang on to in real time , and send it around the globe via dedicated connections that aggregate multiple 10 G bp / s links ; those on the receiving end need to safely store it and pursue the sorts of analyses that will hopefully reveal some new physics .
In our final installment , we 'll take a brief look at the computational issues created by the LHC .
Finding what we 're interested in
The LHC is n't just exceptional in terms of the energy it can reach ; it 's got very high luminosity , which means that it produces collisions at a staggering rate .
Howard Gordon indicated that interactions will take place at rates of 600 million events a second — for each detector .
Even if we had the capacity to save records of all of them ( which we do n't ) , many of them will represent familiar physics .
Srini Rajagopalan , a Brookhaven employee working at CERN , said that out of the millions of collisions that happen every second , we 'll be saving roughly 400 of them .
Obviously , this a pretty significant culling process , one complicated by the fact that we 're hoping to see particles that have been predicted by various theories ( ideally , we 'd also detect things that the theorists are n't expecting ) .
How does that work ?
A hint of that was provided when Stephanie Majewski was asked about one model for the existence of dimensions beyond our well - known four .
" Extra dimensions will give us lots of muon jets , " Majewski said , " you could n't miss it . "
In short , most of the things we 're expect or hoping to find are the product of some fairly specific predictions , and will produce equally predictable patterns of particles in the detectors ( Chris Lee covered this in a bit more detail ) .
Rajagopalan described how the ATLAS detector 's software included what he called " event filters . "
Basically , the software can determine the extent to which the particles and energy that comes out of a collision matches a pattern that we'd expect to be produced by a given particle .
These expectations can be based either on what we 've already seen for known particles like the top quark , or that predicted by theory .
Right now , the software already has 300 event filters , but it can apparently handle up to 8,000 , and prioritize each of them — so , for example , we 're likely to try to capture more potential Higgs events than top quarks .
These filters can have various degrees of stringency , meaning they can be set loose enough to capture events that are similar to , but do n't quite match the predictions .
It 's also possible to detect partial overlap between events .
So , for example , an unknown particle might produce a set of familiar ones as part of its decay pathway — even if there 's not a filter specific to that particle , the event might be captured because it looks a bit like something that also decays via a similar set of particles .
That last bit is important in case the theorists start coming up with ideas long after the LHC has started data gathering .
As Howard Gordon put it , it 's possible to take new ideas and compare them to the existing models to identify potential places of overlap , and to go from there to the primary data and test things against the predictions in a bit more detail .
The embarrassment of computational physics
As the primary ATLAS interface for the US , Brookhaven 's main role will simply be storing any data that makes it through the event filters as it arrives from CERN , and distributing it to various Tier 2 and 3 locations across the country ( Brookhaven also houses a 10,000 - core grid computing facility that will perform some analysis ) .
As Ofer Rind described it , since each event is essentially independent , they can all be analyzed separately ; it 's an " embarrassingly parallel problem , " in computer science terms .
As a result , the high - energy physics community has a great deal of experience with grid computing .
" We 've been doing this for a while , and with a lot less money than the cloud folks , " Rind said .
Part of that computing power simply goes to converting the raw data to particle identities and tracks , and another part to modeling what a theoretical particle might look like .
But , as more data becomes available , a lot of the computation will simply involve scanning events to determine how well any of them match theoretical predictions .
Users of the grid will be able to specify an analysis program ( including one that they submit with the task ) , identify the data that it should be run with , and simply set the job in motion .
Based on the priority of the work , the grid will find it spare processor time , and then bring the software and data together on the same machines , allowing the analysis to take place .
In the near future , these sorts of programs should start building up a catalog of collisions that have the right properties — correct number of muons , photons of the right energy , etc. — to contain an indication of something that 's new to physics .
And , once enough of these are identified to pull a signal out of the statistical noise , we might just be ready to start updating the standard model ( and , possibly , all of cosmology ) .
Listing image by DOE
Aptera unveiled their full production version of their 2e electric car yesterday , it differs from the concept vehicle in a number of small ways , you might notice the nose is a little different and there are now clear fit - lines between body panels as well as windows that wind down ( handy for drive throughs ) the front wheel covers are also a little less streamlined now , taking on an almost “ lifted off a caravan ” look .
Aptera has picked up 9.8 million in private funding so far but company CEO Paul Wilbur openly admits that the company needs a significant amount of additional funding , they have applied for a $ 184 million loan from the US Department of Energy but are still awaiting what will most likely be the decision that makes or breaks the company .
The aerodynamic electric car is one of two versions that Aptera hope to offer with the other being a range extended hybrid that uses a small onboard gasoline engine to generate electricity when the lithium - ion battery is tapped out of electrons .
Aptera are planning to enter the 2e into the Automotive X Prize later this year and all eyes will be on them to gauge the performance of their streamlined flagship model .
Pricing is set to be between $ 25,000 and $ 40,000 USD depending on configuration with a release date set to be either 2011 or 11 months after Aptera receives additional funding .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Aptera 2e Specifications
-
Dimensions :
-
53 ″ high x 91.0 ″ wide x 173 ″ long
111 ″ wheelbase
80.5 ″ front track
Other specs :
0.15 Coefficient of drag
5 ″ ground clearance
1500 lbs curb weight
Electric motor torque : 60 FtLb torque
110v 15A charge time : 8 hrs
Battery output : 10 - 13 Kw / hr battery pack
Battery voltage : 336V DC Nominal Traction Voltage
Transmission : Gearbox 10:1 ratio
Battery Type : Lithium Ion Phosphate
-
Chassis :
-
Front Suspension : Independent unequal length A-arm
Rear Suspension : Swing Arm
Steering : Manual Steering , tilt steering column
Brakes : Manual Brakes , dual circuit brake hydraulics , mechanical brake proportioning , 3 - wheel disc
Wheels : 14 - inch High Strength Stamped Steel wheels
Size : P165/65R14
-
Performance :
-
Range :
Up to 100 miles per charge
Warranty :
Basic : 4/50,000
Powertrain : 4/50,000
Corrosion : 12/unlimited
Roadside : 4/50,000
-
File version : 1.8 For DF version : 0.31.04 Downloads : 350 ( 606 ) Size : 17.32 MB
Views : 2,586 ( 3,449 ) Type : ZIP Home : Forum Thread Rating ( 0 votes ) : Description
Check the forum thread
Because 0.31.04 has errors with graphics I replaced some unused tiles with creatures to use as graphics .
Also dwarven castes use different tiles .
Humans and elves use different tiles for male / female genders .
The soundtrack is included .
Changelog :
- 1.8 : added dragon raptors ( thanks Asfghn ) and raptors , added Deep Ones ( Zargen ) ; added altars ( Altar of War and Altar of Nature )
All plants have unique graphics and assigned shrub tiles :
Because 0.31.04 has errors with graphics I replaced some unused tiles with creatures to use as graphics .
Also dwarven castes use different tiles .
Humans and elves use different tiles for male / female genders .
The soundtrack is included .
Changelog :- 1.8 : added dragon raptors ( thanks Asfghn ) and raptors , added Deep Ones ( Zargen ) ; added altars ( Altar of War and Altar of Nature )
Hey , diddle , diddle ,
The cat and the fiddle ,
The cow jumped over the moon .
The little dog laughed
To see such sport ,
And the dish ran away with the spoon .
History :
1. Classified as a nonsense rhyme , these verses were put together purely to rhyme with each other .
2 . In astonomy all ( nearly all ) the characters in the rhyme are visible in the night sky in the month of April ( planting season ) .
This was a rhyme to remind early Europeans ( primarily those in England ) it was time to plant the crops .
CAT - Leo
FIDDLE - Lyra
COW - Taurus
MOON - literally the MOON
LITTLE DOG - Canis Minor
THE DISH - Constellation Crater
THE SPOON - The Big Dipper ( Ursa Major )
Click for larger view
Here is the sky map calculated for London , UK on April 4 at 10:00 PM .
Note :
THE CAT ( LEO ) in the upper center , THE FIDDLE ( LYRA ) near the edge at about 5 O'Clock
THE COW ( TAURUS ) at about 8 O'Clock on the edge
LITTLE DOG ( CANIS MINOR ) at about 10 O'Clock
THE DISH ( CRATER ) near the edge near 12 O'Clock
THE SPOON / ( THE BIG DIPPER [ URSA MAJOR ] ) just below and to the right of dead center .
* Information supplied by Tom Caulley
May 17 , 2010 Guy Stuff
Powerful lights set up in three foil - lined tents claimed the life of an English man who was cultivating marijuana aka the sticky icky in his home .
After tempatures soared well over 100 degrees , the man died in his sleep .
He was discovered 3 days later after his friends broke down the door .
I wonder if his family can sue the makers of the halogen lamps that the police found when they walked in and almost fainted from the heat .
I like how the article headline referred to him as a “ Druggie . ”
The article goes on to say “ The inquest in Bradford heard that Holmes was a drug user , although no drugs were found in his system . ”
If he was growing marijuana , it is safe to assume he was probably sharing … as in distributing and selling .
Note to all would - be cannabis home growers … check your heat settings before going to bed .
Unplugged via The Sun
Tags Cannabis Farm Marijuana
Aliou Niasse , a street vendor selling framed photographs of New York , said that he was the first to spot the car containing the bomb , which pulled up right in front of his cart on the corner of 45th street and Broadway next to the Marriott hotel .
“ I did n’t see the car pull up or notice the driver because I was busy with customers .
But when I looked up I saw that smoke appeared to be coming from the car .
This would have been around 6.30 pm .
“ I thought I should call 911 , but my English is not very good and I had no credit left on my phone , so I walked over to Lance , who has the T - shirt stall next to mine , and told him .
He said we should n’t call 911 .
Immediately he alerted a police officer near by , ” said Mr Niasse , who is originally from Senegal and who has been a vendor in Times Square for about eight years .
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/...
Sambul Ali-Karamali writes in the Huffington Post what it 's like for an American Muslim during times like this :
I woke up this morning to the news that the alleged perpetrator of the NY car bomb was a Pakistani - American man .
If he committed this crime -- a contemptible , cowardly one that I wholeheartedly condemn -- then I am glad he was arrested .
But I could n't help but wish he had n't been Muslim .
As an American Muslim myself , whenever I hear of a potential terrorist attack , I cannot help falling into a repetitive litany of " Please let it not be Muslims who did this ... "
My prevalent feeling when I listen to the news these days is dread .
It 's somewhat consoling to know that the man who first noticed the smoking Nissan Pathfinder and sought help is also Muslim , a Senegalese immigrant .
I wonder if he was , as I am , deeply bewildered and infinitely saddened by the violence that 's being associated with Islam .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
– CNN contributor and Redstate.com blogger Erick Erickson complained that the words “ muslim ” and “ Islam ” are “ not mentioned ” enough in stories about Shahzad .
He wrote , “ It really is pathetic that you ’re more likely to see the words “ racist ” and “ Republican ” together in the newspaper these days than “ terrorism ” and “ Islam . ” [ 5/4/2010 ]
http://www.redstate.com/...
– Hate radio host Neal Boortz tweeted , “ OMG !
The Times Square Bomber is a Muslim !
Shocker !
Who would have believed it ? ” [ 5/4/2010 ]
http://twitter.com/...
– The cover of today ’s Washington Post - published Express features a black - and - white photo of Shahzad with the sensationalist headline “ MADE IN PAKISTAN ” [ 5/5/2010 ]
http://www.expressnightout.com/...
Will the Fox News Nutwork in particular take time to show the hero is Muslim ?
Not a chance , because it is the job of Fox to ensure their viewers continue to hate all Muslims and Hispanics .
How about CNN ?
Hear anything on MSNBC ?
To his credit , Aliou Niasse , the Muslim man who helped to alert the police about the suspicious truck may be the very person that shows us that not all Muslims are our enemy and that not all Muslims are the face of terror .
One might have thought that Timothy McVey or Eric Rudolph or Ted Bundy might have disavowed that fact , but they were all Republicans and caucasion , so they 're somewhat excused from making all Republicans the face of terror , given our current Conservative owned media .
Given the fact that all three were home grown American terrorists , I never saw FOX or the loud mouthed fools of Conservative radio equate all Republicans with terror , have you ?
Im not a Muslim or a Hispanic or an African American or any other minority .
I 'm an American who can only imagine what it must be like to be one of the aforementioned group of people who certain hate groups in our country continue to scapegoat and marginalize .
Thanks to Think Progress for their assist .
http://thinkprogress.org/...
" High Frequency " Financial Trading is Wall Street High- tech Highway Robbery
The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) knows that High - Frequency Trading ( HFT ) manipulates the market and bilks investors out of tens of billions of dollars every year .
But SEC chairman Mary Schapiro refuses to step in and take action .
Instead , she 's concocted an elaborate " information gathering " scheme , that does nothing to address the main problem .
Schapiro 's plan -- to track large blocks of trades by large institutional investors -- is an attempt to placate congress while the big Wall Street HFT traders continue to rake in obscene profits .
It achieves nothing , except provide the cover Schapiro needs to avoid doing her job .
High - frequency trading ( HFT ) is algorithmic - computer trading that finds " statistical patterns and pricing anomalies " by scanning the various stock exchanges .
It 's high - speed robo - trading that oftentimes executes orders without human intervention .
But do n't be confused by all the glitzy " state - of - the - art " hype .
HFT is not a way of " allocating capital more efficiently " , but of ripping people off in broad daylight .
It all boils down to this : HFT allows one group of investors to see the data on other people 's orders ahead of time and use their supercomputers to buy in front of them .
It 's called front - loading , and it goes on every day right under Schapiros nose .
In an interview on CNBC , HFT - expert Joe Saluzzi was asked if the big HFT players were able to see other investors orders ( and execute trades ) before them .
Saluzzi said , " Yes .
The answer is absolutely yes .
The exchanges supply you with the data , giving you the flash order , and if your fixed connection goes into their lines first , you are disadvantaging the retail and institutional investor . "
The brash way that this scam is carried off is beyond belief .
The deep - pocket bank / brokerages actually pay the NYSE and the NASDAQ to " colocate " their behemoth computers ON THE FLOOR OF THE EXCHANGES so they can shave off critical milliseconds after they 've gotten a first - peak at incoming trades .
It 's like parking the company forklift in front of the local bank vault to ease the transfer of purloined cash .
Due to the impressive research of bloggers like Zero Hedge 's , Tyler Durden and Market Ticker 's , Karl Denniger , many people have a fairly good grasp of HFT and understand that the SEC needs to act .
But Schapiro has continued to drag her feet while issuing endless proclamations about pursuing the wrongdoers .
Baloney .
She needs to stop yammering and shut these operations down .
In a recent posting , Market Ticker explained some of the finer - points of high - frequency trading , such as , how the banks / brokerages probe the exchanges with small orders in order to find out how much other investors are willing to pay for a particular stock .
Here 's a clip :
" Let 's say that there is a buyer willing to buy 100,000 shares of Broadcom with a limit price of $ 26.40 .
That is , the buyer will accept any price up to $ 26.40 .
But the market at this particular moment in time is at $ 26.10 , or thirty cents lower .
So the computers , having detected via their " flash orders " that there is a desire for Broadcom shares , start to issue tiny " immediate or cancel " orders - IOCs - to sell at $ 26.20 .
If that order is " eaten " the computer then issues an order at $ 26.25 , then $ 26.30 , then $ 26.35 , then $ 26.40 .
When it tries $ 26.45 it gets no bite and the order is immediately canceled .
Now the flush of supply comes at $ 26.39 , and the claim is made that the market has become " more efficient . "
Nonsense ; there was no " real seller " at any of these prices !
This pattern of offering was intended to do one and only one thing - manipulate the market by discovering what is supposed to be a hidden piece of information - the other side 's limit price !
With normal order queues and flows the person with the limit order would see the offer at $ 26.20 and might drop his limit .
But the computers are so fast that unless you own one of the same speed you have no chance to do this - your order is immediately " raped " at the full limit price !
The presence of these programs will guarantee huge profits to the banks running them and they also guarantee both that the retail buyers will get screwed as the market will move MUCH faster to the upside than it otherwise would .
If you 're wondering how Goldman Sachs and other " big banks and hedge funds " made all their money this last quarter , now you know . "
( " High - Frequency Trading is a Scam " , Market Ticker )
The HFT uber - computers are able to find out the highest price that traders will pay in a millisecond and then extort that full amount millions of times to maximize profits .
Clearly , this has nothing to do with efficiency or innovation .
It 's high - tech highway robbery ; institutional bid-rigging on a grand scale , tacitly sanctioned by industry lackeys operating from within the administration .
Schapiro was picked by Team Obama for this very reason ; because she was known as a regulator with a " light touch " when she headed Finra the financial industry 's self policing agency .
As Finra 's chief , Schapiro managed to keep her head in the sand during the Madoff scandal and the auction - rate securities flap .
She also issued far fewer fines and penalties than her predecessor .
Here 's an excerpt from the Wall Street Journal which sums up Schapiro 's regulatory doctrine :
" The Financial Services Institute , a trade group , was meeting , and Ms. Schapiro addressed the crowd about Finra ’s efforts to fight frauds aimed at senior citizens .
Frank Congemi , a financial adviser , asked what Finra was doing to regulate “ packaged products ” such as complex mortgage securities .
Mr. Congemi says that Ms. Schapiro replied : “ We have rating agencies that rate them . ”
The credit - rating agencies , by this time , were being heavily criticized for having given triple - A ratings to mortgage bonds that became unsalable as foreclosures rose . "
( Wall Street Journal )
If the financial crisis has taught us anything , it 's that the system is NOT self - correcting .
And it takes more than just rules .
It takes regulators who are willing to regulate .
By Mike Whitney
Email : fergiewhitney@msn.com
Mike is a well respected freelance writer living in Washington state , interested in politics and economics from a libertarian perspective .
© 2010 Copyright Mike Whitney - All Rights Reserved Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Mike Whitney Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Dylan
20 Apr 10 , 12:32 High Frequency Trading
Nothing prevents you putting in your buy order at below the current market offer ...
You just have to use your head to decide what the stock is worth - HFQ will have to follow you if you know your stuff !
In most distributions that come with KDE Software Compilation 4.3 and above , opening Dolphin for browsing the filesystem will give you this window :
The left circle shows the Preview Mode Button .
We will expand on this option below .
On the right is the Information Panel , which in addition to showing info about the file ( type , size , modified etc. ) , will allow you to preview the majority of files ( Text , Image , PDF , Open Document ) .
This happens after you select a file or hover your mouse over it .
What ’s more , the Information Panel enables playback of Video and Music files .
A small media player will appear , with just a play / stop button and a bar , but it ’s more than enough .
You can also add an extra information popup window that shows a preview and some information about a file when you hover your mouse over it .
You can see it in the screenshot above and the ones following below .
It displays similar information with the information panel .
In Dolphin go to Settings > Configure Dolphin > General .
In the Behavior Tab enable “ Show tooltips ” like below :
How to show previews as icons :
Despite all these , it is n’t possible for Dolphin to show the various files as thumbnails instead of icons as you browse the filesystem .
For this to work , you must undergo the procedure described below :
For starters , you need to select the Preview mode button in Dolphin , as shown in the screenshot at the beginning .
Now lets open Settings > Configure Dolphin .
Then go to General > Preview Tab .
Image , Txt and PDF files are supported by default .
You can also select previews for other file types and directories as well .
Just click on the ones you wish .
Text Files
Supported but not enabled by default , this is what you should see if you enable preview :
Image Files ( ie .png , .jpg )
By default enabled , you will be able to see thumbnails of the image files instead of the usual icons .
PDF files
This is supported but not enabled by default .
In the Preview Tab select Postscript , PDF and DVI files to enable it .
I think that this preview requires Okular to be installed to work .
Open Document files ( ie .odt , .ods )
You will need to download the OpenDocument Thumbnail plugin .
Depending on your distribution , this package might not be in the repositories and you will have to compile it from source .
Information on how to install the package can be found in the readme file after you extract the .tar. gz file .
It ’s quite easy !
After installing this package , just go back to Dolphin configuration and now you will have the ODF ( OpenDocument Format ) files selection .
Here is what you get after enabling it :
Audio Files ( ie. .flac , .mp3 )
AudioThumbs allows Dolphin to preview cover arts embedded in audio file tags as thumbnails .
Unfortunately it does n’t support .ogg files currently .
You can add images to your audio files , using Kid3 .
Thank you David for this tip .
Video files ( ie .ogv , .avi )
This time we will need Mplayer Thumbs , it of course needs Mplayer installed to work .
Once again , depending on your distribution you will probably find this package in the repo’s , under a similar name .
If not , information on how to install it can be found in the readme and install files after you download and extract the source package .
You can run mplayerthumbsconfig to check that Mplayer is the selected backend .
As above , a new option will now be available in the Preview Tab in Dolphin Settings > General .
Select Video Files ( Mplayer thumbs ) to enable it .
The preview of video files is rather slow on my PC , but it ’s a very old one , so am guessing it runs smoother on newer systems .
Update :
As suggested by MirzaD in a comment below , using kffmpegthumbnailer instead of mplayerthumbs will probably give you a better overall experience .
According to it ’s developer , it ’s designed to be as fast and lightweight as possible .
I have tested this on my Chakra system , it should also work in other distributions that come with KDE SC 4.3 and above .
What is your experience after enabling all these ?
Feedback and suggestions are welcomed !
MPlayerThumbs
We 've been complaining about the lack of Team Fortress 2 collectibles for months now .
We even did it yesterday .
That complaining stops today , however , with the reveal of a gorgeous statue based on the game 's " Heavy " .
Advertisement
It 'll stand a whopping 12 inches tall , and come in both red and blue flavours ( with exclusive variants with different facial expressions ) , so as not to have anyone feeling left out .
Advertisement
Best part ?
It 's just the first in an entire line of them , so hopefully we 'll see each and every member of the Team Fortress 2 team represented .
Actually , no .
That 's not the best part .
The best part is that Gaming Heads , the studio responsible for the statues , is also releasing a line of statues based on Half - Life 2 and Left 4 Dead , as well as " life size props " .
The presence of a Portal logo on the company 's website has us thinking " life size portal gun " .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Life size props ?
Half - Life 2 statues ?
Goodness me .
Pre-orders for the Heavy begin at 9 am on May 3 .
Get in line .
A British scientist says he is the first man in the world to become infected with a computer virus .
Dr Mark Gasson from the University of Reading had a chip inserted in his hand which was then infected with a virus .
The device , which enables him to pass through security doors and activate his mobile phone , is a sophisticated version of ID chips used to tag pets .
In trials , Dr Gasson showed that the chip was able to pass on the computer virus to external control systems .
If other implanted chips had then connected to the system they too would have been corrupted , he said .
Medical alert
Dr Gasson admits that the test is a proof of principle but he thinks it has important implications for a future where medical devices such as pacemakers and cochlear implants become more sophisticated , and risk being contaminated by other human implants .
" With the benefits of this type of technology come risks .
We may improve ourselves in some way but much like the improvements with other technologies , mobile phones for example , they become vulnerable to risks , such as security problems and computer viruses . "
He also added : " Many people with medical implants also consider them to be integrated into their concept of their body , and so in this context it is appropriate to talk in terms of people themselves being infected by computer viruses . "
However , Dr Gasson predicts that wider use will be made of implanted technology .
" This type of technology has been commercialised in the United States as a type of medical alert bracelet , so that if you 're found unconscious you can be scanned and your medical history brought up . "
Professor Rafael Capurro of the Steinbeis - Transfer - Institute of Information Ethics in Germany told BBC News that the research was " interesting " .
" If someone can get online access to your implant , it could be serious , " he said .
Cosmetic surgery
Professor Capurro contributed to a 2005 ethical study for the European Commission that looked at the development of digital implants and possible abuse of them .
" From an ethical point of view , the surveillance of implants can be both positive and negative , " he said .
" Surveillance can be part of medical care , but if someone wants to do harm to you , it could be a problem . "
In addition , he said , that there should be caution if implants with surveillance capabilities started to be used outside of a medical setting .
However , Dr Gasson believes that there will be a demand for these non-essential applications , much as people pay for cosmetic surgery .
" If we can find a way of enhancing someone 's memory or their IQ then there 's a real possibility that people will choose to have this kind of invasive procedure . "
Dr Gasson works at the University of Reading 's School of Systems Engineering and will present the results of his research at the International Symposium for Technology and Society in Australia next month .
Professor Capurro will also talk at the event .
Barbara Rosenkranz , a mother of ten who describes herself as a housewife , is only expected to receive around ten percent of the vote in the Austrian presidential elections .
But even though she has next to no chance of winning , her candidacy is still causing a stir .
" I think there is no doubt she is not following an agenda that is very liberal or European , " said Arno Behrens , a researcher at the Center for European Policy Studies in Brussels .
The 51 year - old Rosenkranz was put forward as a candidate by the far - right Freedom Party , founded by right - wing nationalist Joerg Haider .
The Freedom Party is staunchly anti-immigrant and opposes the European Union .
Austrians are allowed to vote at age 16
However , analysts say Rosenkranz 's success stems less from her personal political views than from an utter lack of competition .
Lack of options
Incumbent Austrian president Heinz Fischer was so popular in the early polls that the other major party , the right - of - center Christian Democrats , refused to put up a candidate of their own , creating a vacuum for conservative voters , said Dr. Franz Fallend , a political scientist at the University of Salzburg .
" If the Christian democrats had put up another candidate , no voters , or only very few , would consider voting for her .
But now there is no right - wing or right - of - center candidate , so there are more voters who might consider voting for Barbara Rosenkrantz , " Fallend told Deutsche Welle .
Behrens says this has put Austrian conservatives in a difficult position .
" It 's between a far - right candidate and a socialist .
So the options for conservatives are to vote for the extreme right candidate or not vote at all , " Behrens told Deutsche Welle .
Rosenkranz opposes the EU and a multi-cultural Europe
Right - wing woes
Like Germany , Austria has struggled to come to terms with its Nazi past .
However , Austria has a different post - war history with de-nazification , said Behrens , and this contributes to its current political situation .
" Austria has a problem with the right - wing , and people voting for what would , in Germany , be considered an extremist right - wing party , " he said .
However , polling data show it 's almost certain that incumbent Heinz Fischer will be re-elected on Sunday , leaving analysts hopeful that Rosenkranz 's candidacy will remain a problem of Austria 's past , rather than its future .
Author : Sarah Harman
Editor : Susan Houlton
< click for more !
What to call this sweater ?
Let me think …
I ’ve been designing for over 25 years so after a while , I just run out of ideas .
So , in honor of my daughter ( the volunteered model ) and her dedication to her profession ( high school history teacher ) , I ’m calling this one “ Hey , Teach ! ”
When I came up with this idea , I could see wearing a tank top underneath it in a very casual way .
So I sent her off to get ready for the photo expecting that .
True to her own style , she totally dressed it up with a collared blouse , turning this easy - wear garment into a playtime - to - office piece in an instant .
I am particularly fond of this “ baby doll ” fit .
I think it flatters all shapes – it adds hips to the boyish figure , and hides hips of the pear - shaped .
You could even work a drawstring in and out of the first row of lace for an added detail .
The yoke lace pattern is easy enough to master but requires you to pay attention to your YOs and matching decreases throughout the underarm and neck shaping so you do n’t end up with too many or too few stitches .
I used 2nd Time Cotton , an eco-friendly recycled cotton yarn , as a nod to Mother Earth .
model : Kelly - Anne Rush photos : Hélène Rush SIZE XS [ S , M , L , 1X , 2X , 3X ] ( shown in size S ) FINISHED MEASUREMENTS Chest : 32.25[35.5 , 39 , 43 , 46.75 , 50.75 , 55 ] inches
Length : 19.5 [ 20 , 20.5 , 21 , 21.5 , 22 , 22.5 ] inches MATERIALS Knit One , Crochet Too 2nd Time Cotton [ 75 % recycled cotton , 25 % acrylic ; 180yd / 165 m per 100g ball ] ; color # 810 Linen ; 3 [ 4 , 4 , 5 , 5 , 6 , 6 ] balls
Recommended needle size :
1 pair US # 8/5 mm straight needles
[ always use a needle size that gives you the gauge listed below -- every knitter 's gauge is unique ] 2 stitch markers
4 stitch holders
Tapestry needle
4 buttons , 0.75 inch diameter GAUGE 17 sts /24 rows = 4 inches in stockinette stitch PATTERN NOTES [ Knitty 's list of standard abbreviations and techniques can be found here ]
Shaping Note :
Within the lace pattern , each [ yo ] is paired with a decrease .
When increasing or decreasing at edge of work ( ie. when shaping armholes and neckline ) , be sure to keep lace pattern correct .
Do not work a [ yo ] if there are not enough sts to work its accompanying decrease .
S2KP : Slip next 2 sts to right needle as if to knit them together ; k next st , pass both slipped stitches , together , over stitch just knit .
Forms a centered double decrease .
1x1 Rib ( Worked over an odd number of sts ) :
Row 1 [ RS ] : K1 , [ p1 , k1 ] to end .
Row 2 [ WS ] : P1 , [ k1 , p1 ] to end .
Repeat these 2 rows for 1x1 Rib .
Please note :
" Lace pattern " refers to the entire width of the chart below , not just what 's inside the red square .
DIRECTIONS BACK
CO 75[83 , 91 , 99 , 107 , 115 , 125 ] sts .
Work 4 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Work in stockinette st until work measures 8 inches from CO edge , ending with a RS row .
Next Row [ WS ] : P5 [ 5 , 4 , 8 , 8 , 7 , 8 ] , p2tog , [ p5 ( 6 , 7 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ) , p2tog ] nine times , p5 [ 4 , 4 , 8 , 7 , 7 , 7 ] .
65[73 , 81 , 89 , 97 , 105 , 115 ] sts .
Work 8 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Bodice :
Set - up Row [ RS ] : K2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] , work in Lace Pattern to last 2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] sts , k2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] .
This row sets pattern for bodice .
Pattern Repeat section outlined in red is worked 4 [ 5 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 7 , 8 ] times in each row .
Continue in pattern as set , maintaining 2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] sts at each edge in stockinette st , until work measures 13 inches , ending with a WS row .
Shape Armholes :
Note : See “ Shaping Note ” in Pattern Notes , above .
BO 4 [ 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ] sts at beginning of next 2 rows .
57[63 , 69 , 75 , 81 , 87 , 95 ] sts .
Next Row [ RS ] : K1 , k2tog , work in pattern to last 3 sts , ssk , k1 .
P 1 row .
Repeat these 2 rows 1 [ 1 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 4 ] times more .
53[59 , 63 , 69 , 73 , 79 , 85 ] sts .
Continue in pattern until work measures 18.5[ 19 , 19.5 , 20 , 20.5 , 21 , 21.5 ] inches ( armhole measures 5.5 [ 6 , 6.5 , 7 , 7.5 , 8 , 8.5 ] inches ) , ending with a WS row .
Shape Back Neckline :
Next Row [ RS ] : Work 13 [ 15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 21 , 23 ] sts in pattern , place next 27 [ 29 , 31 , 33 , 35 , 37 , 39 ] sts on st holder , join new ball of yarn and work last 13 [ 15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 21 , 23 ] sts in pattern .
Work 5 more rows in pattern , working each set of 13 [ 15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 21 , 23 ] sts using attached ball of yarn .
Work measures 19.5 [ 20 , 20.5 , 21 , 21.5 , 22 , 22.5 ] inches .
BO both sets of sts .
LEFT FRONT
CO 37[41 , 45 , 49 , 53 , 57 , 61 ] sts .
Work 4 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Work in stockinette st until work measures 8 inches from CO edge , ending with a RS row .
Next Row [ WS ] : [ P6 ( 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 ) , p2tog ] four times , p5 . 33[37 , 41 , 45 , 49 , 53 , 57 ] sts .
Work 8 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Bodice :
Set - up Row [ RS ] : K2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] , work 25 [ 37 , 37 , 37 , 49 , 49 , 49 ] sts in Lace Pattern , k6 [ 0 , 0 , 6 , 0 , 0 , 5 ] .
This row sets pattern for bodice .
Pattern Repeat section outlined in red is worked 1 [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 ] times in each row .
Continue in pattern as set until work measures 13 inches , ending with a WS row .
Shape Armholes :
Note : See “ Shaping Note ” in Pattern Notes , above .
Next Row [ RS ] : BO 4 [ 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ] sts , continue in pattern to end .
29[32 , 35 , 38 , 41 , 44 , 47 ] sts P 1 row .
Next Row [ RS ] : K1 , k2tog , work in pattern to end .
Repeat these 2 rows 1 [ 1 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 4 ] times more .
27[30 , 32 , 35 , 37 , 40 , 42 ] sts .
Continue in pattern until work measures 14.5[ 15 , 15.5 , 16 , 16.5 , 17 , 17.5 ] inches ( armhole measures 1.5 [ 2 , 2.5 , 3 , 3.5 , 4 , 4.5 ] inches ) , ending with a WS row .
Shape Neckline :
Next Row [ RS ] : Work 13 [ 15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 21 , 23 ] sts in pattern , place last 14 [ 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 19 ] sts on st holder .
Work remaining sts in pattern until work measures same as back to shoulder .
BO all sts .
RIGHT FRONT
CO 37[41 , 45 , 49 , 53 , 57 , 61 ] sts .
Work 4 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Work in stockinette st until work measures 8 inches from CO edge , ending with a RS row .
Next Row [ WS ] : P5 , [ p2tog , p6 ( 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 ) ] four times .
33[37 , 41 , 45 , 49 , 53 , 57 ] sts .
Work 8 rows in 1x1 Rib , ending with a WS row .
Bodice :
Set - up Row [ RS ] : K6 [ 0 , 0 , 6 , 0 , 0 , 5 ] , work 25 [ 37 , 37 , 37 , 49 , 49 , 49 ] sts in Lace Pattern , k2 [ 0 , 4 , 2 , 0 , 4 , 3 ] .
This row sets pattern for bodice .
Pattern Repeat section outlined in red is worked 1 [ 2 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 3 ] times in each row .
Continue in pattern as set until work measures 13 inches , ending with a RS row .
Shape Armholes :
Note : See “ Shaping Note ” in Pattern Notes , above .
Next Row [ WS ] : BO 4 [ 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ] sts , p to end .
29[32 , 35 , 38 , 41 , 44 , 47 ] sts Next Row [ RS ] :
Work in pattern to last 3 sts , ssk , k1 .
P 1 row .
Repeat these 2 rows 1 [ 1 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 4 ] times more .
27[30 , 32 , 35 , 37 , 40 , 42 ] sts .
Continue in pattern until work measures 14.5[ 15 , 15.5 , 16 , 16.5 , 17 , 17.5 ] inches ( armhole measures 1.5 [ 2 , 2.5 , 3 , 3.5 , 4 , 4.5 ] inches ) , ending with a RS row .
Shape Neckline :
Next Row [ WS ] : P13[15 , 16 , 18 , 19 , 21 , 23 ] , place last 14 [ 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 19 ] sts on st holder .
Work remaining sts in pattern until work measures same as back to shoulder .
BO all sts .
SLEEVES ( Make 2 )
CO 45 [ 49 , 55 , 59 , 65 , 69 , 75 ] sts .
Work 4 rows in 1x1 Rib. Set - up Row [ RS ] : K4 [ 0 , 3 , 5 , 2 , 4 , 1 ] , work 37 [ 49 , 49 , 49 , 61 , 61 , 73 ] sts in Lace Pattern , k4 [ 0 , 3 , 5 , 2 , 4 , 1 ] .
This row sets pattern for sleeve .
Pattern Repeat section outlined in red is worked 2 [ 3 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 5 ] times in each row .
Continue in pattern as set , maintaining 4 [ 0 , 3 , 5 , 2 , 4 , 1 ] sts at each edge in stockinette st , until work measures 2.5 inches , ending with a WS row .
Shape Sleeve Cap :
BO 4 [ 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ] sts at beginning of next 2 rows .
37[39 , 43 , 45 , 49 , 51 , 55 ] sts .
Next Row [ RS ] : K1 , k2tog , work in pattern to last 3 sts , ssk , k1 .
P 1 row .
Repeat these 2 rows 6 [ 7 , 10 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 15 ] times more .
23[23 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 23 ] sts. BO 2 sts at beginning of next 6 rows .
BO remaining 11 [ 11 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 9 , 11 ] sts .
FINISHING
Weave in ends and block pieces to measurements shown in schematic .
Sew shoulder seams .
Neckline Ribbing :
With RS facing , k held 14 [ 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 19 ] sts of right front neckline , place marker ; pick up and k 28 sts ( approx . 3 sts for every 4 rows ) along vertical front and back neckline edge , place marker ; k held 27 [ 29 , 31 , 33 , 35 , 37 , 39 ] sts of back neckline , placing marker before last st ; pick up and k 28 sts along vertical back and front neckline edge , placing marker before last st ; k held 14 [ 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 19 ] sts of left front neckline .
111[115 , 119 , 123 , 127 , 131 , 133 ] sts. Row 1 [ WS ] : P1 [ 2 , 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , 2 ] , [ k1 , p1 ] to last 0 [ 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 ] sts , p0 [ 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 ] .
Row 2 [ RS ] : [ Work in 1x1 Rib as set to 1 st before marker , S2KP , removing marker ] four times , continue in 1x1 Rib as set to end .
BO remaining 103 [ 107 , 111 , 115 , 119 , 123 , 125 ] sts in pattern .
Button Band :
With RS facing , beginning at upper corner of left front edge , pick up and k 73[ 75 , 77 , 79 , 81 , 83 , 87 ] sts ( approx . 4 sts for every 5 rows ) along left front edge .
Work 5 rows in 1x1 Rib. BO all sts in pattern .
Buttonhole Band :
With RS facing , beginning at lower corner of right front edge , pick up and k 73[ 75 , 77 , 79 , 81 , 83 , 87 ] sts along right front edge .
Work 2 rows in 1x1 Rib. Buttonhole Row [ WS ] : Work 3 sts in pattern , [ yo , k2tog , work 16 ( 16 , 17 , 17 , 18 , 18 , 19 ) sts in pattern ] 3 times , yo , k2tog , continue in pattern to end .
Work 2 rows in 1x1 Rib. BO all sts in pattern .
Sew buttons to button band opposite buttonholes .
Sew sleeves into armholes .
Sew sleeve seams and side seams .
Weave in any remaining ends .
ABOUT THE DESIGNER Hélène Rush is the mom of both Kelly - Anne , the model in the photos , and Knit One , Crochet Too , the yarn company .
Her sons Jonathan and Benjamin both work with her but have yet to be converted into knitters ( they do however know their yarns ! ) .
She ’s been living with yarn since learning how to knit from the nuns in Montreal in first grade .
She must have been a very good girl because she gets to play with yarn all day now .
A neoconservative thinly disguised as an independent is unhappy with the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty signed by Russia and the United States this week .
Sen. Joe Lieberman told Fox News ’ Chris Wallace that he would be hesitant to support the new nuclear treaty with Russia if President Barack Obama does n’t commit to modernizing the nuclear arsenal .
He also perpetuated fears of Iran .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Senator Lieberman , you say you may vote against it , ” prompted Wallace .
“ Anything we can do to reduce the number of nuclear warheads in the world is a positive development , ” Lieberman replied .
“ But in my opinion as we reduce the number of nuclear warheads America has in a world that is still very dangerous and in which the threat of the spread of nuclear powers , particularly Iran , grows every day , we have to make darn sure that our nuclear warheads are capable , are modern .
And a lot of them are decades old . ”
Lieberman said the administration must commit to modernizing the nuclear stockpile and there wo n’t be 67 votes to ratify the STAR Treaty unless the administration “ makes absolutely clear that some of the statements by Russian president Medvedev at the signing in Prague that seem to suggest that if we continue to build the ballistic - missile defense in Europe that they may pull out of this treaty are just not acceptable to us . ”
“ We need that defense to protect our allies and ourselves from Iran , ” he insisted .
The Obama administration has been seeking Russian support at the UN Security Council for tougher sanctions against Iran .
ADVERTISEMENT
The so - called “ new START ” will limit the two former Cold War foes to a maximum of 1,550 deployed warheads , about 30 percent lower than a previous upper limit on warheads set in 2002 .
It also imposes limits on the intercontinental ballistic missiles needed to deliver the warheads .
Writing for Newsweek that eradicating nukes should still be our goal , Eleanor Clift demonstrates how far to the right Lieberman ’s saber - rattling fits into the US Senate .
Asked to assess the likelihood that Obama can get the 67 votes needed in the Senate to ratify the new START treaty , Richard Burt responded that as a former political appointee of two Republican administrations he thinks it will be “ very difficult for anybody to come up with a very strong set of coherent arguments against this treaty , ” in part because the pact does not take sweeping steps to reduce either the U.S. or Russian arsenal .
The importance of the treaty in his view extends to the greater goal of putting U.S. - Russian relations back on track .
Arms - control treaties have traditionally won substantial bipartisan support in the Senate , and Burt expressed confidence that Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the Foreign Relations committee , will be able to bring enough Republicans on board to gain ratification .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast April 11 , 2010 .
Watch this video on iPhone / iPad
( 338 k , 1044x701 )
Country : United States
City : New York
System : New York City Transit
Line : IRT East Side Line
Location : City Hall
Photo by : Fred Guenther
Date : 1/11/2009
Viewed ( this week / total ) : 0 / 36764
Available Image EXIF Data :
Aperture : f/2.8
Camera make : NIKON CORPORATION
Camera model : NIKON D700
Exposure : Manual
Exposure Mode : Manual
Exposure time : 0.050 s ( 1/20 )
Flash used : No
Focal length : 17.0 mm ( 35 mm equivalent : 17 mm )
ISO equiv . : 5000
Metering Mode : center weight
Resolution : 1044 x 701
Whitebalance : Auto
Adblock is running !
Adblocker plugins can interfere with the Adaptive streaming APIs .
For an enjoyable experience add us to your Adblock tool as an Exception .
Hide
Advertisement Resume Advertisement Replay Continue to the video Advertisement
Young Hot Teen with Natural Big Tits gets DP 16:14
Advertisement
Embed This Video On Your Site With This Html : Copy Embed code < iframe src= " https://www.youjizz.com/videos/embed/139079 " frameborder= " 0 " style = " width :100 % ; height :570 px ; " scrolling =" no " allowtransparency = " true " ></ iframe >
Report this video : Reason Broken Spam Not Porn Other
Pornstar :
Submit Tags :
Submit
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A child aged about 10 is the only survivor of a plane crash at Tripoli airport in Libya which killed more than 100 people .
Libyan officials say the child is Dutch and is being treated in hospital for injuries including broken bones .
Dutch officials say 61 of their nationals were killed in the crash .
The plane , belonging to the Libyan airline Afriqiyah Airways , crashed as it arrived from Johannesburg , South Africa .
The cause is not yet known .
Other passengers included nationals from Libya , South Africa , Germany , Britain and France .
Libyan TV showed the child who survived being treated in hospital The Airbus A330 - carrying 93 passengers and 11 crew - crashed as it came in to land at Tripoli and disintegrated .
The plane 's tailfin bearing the airline 's colourful insignia was the only sizeable piece of wreckage to be seen .
The child was taken to hospital and underwent surgery for multiple fractures to both legs , officials said .
Libyan TV showed the child in a hospital bed with a bandaged head and wearing an oxygen mask .
Libyan officials and the Dutch tourism board said he was a 10 - year - old Dutch boy , but the Dutch foreign ministry said it could not verify any details .
Flags across the Netherlands were flying at half mast for the victims on Wednesday .
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said a crisis team had been set up in the foreign ministry .
" This is a large group of Dutch nationals , so it 's a deeply sad message we have this day , " he said .
The plane 's 11 crew were reported to have been Libyan .
The British Foreign Office confirmed that at least one British national was on board and Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin later confirmed that an Irish woman was among the dead .
Libyan Transport Minister Mohammed Ali Zidan said victims also included nationals from Germany , Finland , Zimbabwe , the Philippines , South Africa and France , although he had no exact numbers .
Connecting flights Nicky Knapp , a spokeswoman for Airports Company South Africa , said seven passengers were booked to connect to London Gatwick Airport , 32 to Brussels , 42 to Dusseldorf in Germany , and one to Charles de Gaulle in Paris .
VICTIMS ' NATIONALITIES
Libyan Dutch German British Finnish Zimbabwean Philippine South African French Irish ' Briton on Tripoli crash plane '
Are children more likely to survive ?
The cause of the crash was not immediately known .
Some reports suggest the plane crashed very close to the runway .
A flight recorder has already been recovered , and officials hope this will provide some clues as to what caused the disaster .
However , Mr Zidan ruled out terrorism as the cause of the crash .
He said arrangements were being made to help victims ' relatives come to Tripoli .
According to Airbus , the aircraft was delivered from the production line in September 2009 and had accumulated about 1,600 flight hours in some 420 flights .
Afriqiyah Airways is a low - cost Libyan airline founded nine years ago and operates a relatively new fleet of Airbus aircraft , the BBC's Wyre Davies in Cairo reports .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If the King says you 're guilty , then you 're guilty
Waxman wants the FTC to have even more power over your vitamins
Your help is urgently needed to halt this madness
You need to see this video
( Natural News )
Of all the sneaky tactics practiced in Washington D.C. , this recent action by Congressman Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) is one of the most insidious :
While no one was looking , he injected amendment language into the ( H.R. 4173 ) that would expand the powers of the FTC ( not the FDA , but the FTC ) to terrorize nutritional supplement companies by greatly expanding the power of the FTC tothat target dietary supplement companies .
This is a little - known secret about the FTC and the nutritional supplements business :
The FTC routinely targets nutritional supplement companies that are merelyabout their products .
Some companies are threatened by merelyabout their products .
For example , here 's an important article that describes how to FDA criminally extorts money out of supplement companies :
https://www.naturalnews.com/024567_health_the...
The FTC does much the same thing .
They target a particular company that 's having success in the natural products marketplace , then they accuse that company of " inferring " that their products have some health benefit .
From there , the FTC demands that the company engage in paying a massive fine to the FTC , which the FTC calls " consumer redress " even though none of the money actually goes to the consumers .
If you try to fight the FTC , they haul you into their own special " FTC courts " which are not public courts where you have the benefit of a jury , but rather they are courts where the judges are actuallyand .
You are essentially guilty until proven innocent , and virtually no one has been found innocent by the FTC .
The FTC also forces you to sign a " consent decree " which involves you admitting to committing crimes that you have actually never committed .
These crimes include the " criminal misrepresentation of a product " by , for example , explaining that walnuts help support healthy cholesterol levels or that cherries ease symptoms of inflammation .
Using these methods , the FTC has extorted tens of millions of dollars out of nutritional supplement companies .
More importantly , it has terrorized the industry and put several companies out of business , denying the American public access to products that could improve their health and prevent disease .
Now Congressman Henry Waxman wants to give the FTC evenby allowing the FTC to .
This would allow a rogue agency to simply invent any new law it wants , such as requiring nutritional supplement companies to spend hundreds of millions of dollars " proving " the efficacy of a vitamin before they can sell it .
This will allow the FTC to utterly circumvent DSHEA -- the law passed in 1994 that provides basic protections to vitamin and supplement manufacturers .
This will result inthat would no doubt see this rogue agency attempting to destroy the entire industry and imprison the founders and executives of all the top supplement manufacturers .
This is how bad things have become in America today :
The criminal CEOs of drug companies are allowed to commit felony crimes , engage in routine price fixing fraud and fix their research with fraudulent clinical trials , yet the FTC and FDA do nothing .
But when an honest nutritional supplement company says something like , " Walnuts are good for your heart , " they get threatened with imprisonment or have their entire life savings stolen away from them by the FTC through a series of " fines .
" Join NaturalNews.com and theto protest this deceptive action by Henry Waxman -- a lifelong opponent of natural medicine who is trying to covertly inject this expansion of FTC powers into the Finance Reform Bill .
This petition is being organized by the Alliance for Natural Health ( http://www.anh-usa.org ) , a health freedom organization we strongly support here at NaturalNews .
Read their announcement and call to action on this bill right here : http://www.anh-usa.org/congressman-waxman-sl...
Your help is urgently needed .
I do n't send out a lot of " urgent call to action " articles and emails , but this is one that definitely demands our collective attention .
Pleaseyour representatives in Washington and strongly voice your opposition to any expansion of powers of the FTC over dietary supplements .
The FTC is already a loose cannon .
We do n't want to now hand it nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire industry .
or you will lose them !
The U.S. Congress is literally just one vote away from granting the FTC dangerous new powers to destroy the natural products industry .
Attorney Jonathan Emord had this to say about this issue : I interviewed Jonathan Emord recently at the Health Freedom Expo in California .
Watch Jonathan talk aboutof health freedom in this YouTube interview : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbJSxrOxZ-M
I know the audio quality is a little poor ( we were at the Health Freedom Expo , and there 's a lot of background noise ) , but Jonathan Emord 's words arethat I wanted to share this video with you anyway .
Jonathan Emord is also the author of an important new book called http://www.amazon.com/Global-Censorship-Heal... ) .
The book exposes the truth behind what Emord callsP.S.
For your amusement , did you know that Henry Waxman looks exactly likefrom the Star Wars motion pictures ?
See for yourself : http://totallylookslike.files.wordpress.com/...
We have n’t run this chart in a few weeks , so lets revisit this now :
As of April 2010 , the NYSE ( ~$ 13T ) and the Nasdaq ( ~$ 3.6T ) total $ 16.6T versus March US GDP of $ 14.6T for a total cap of 113 % GDP :
>
Prenez note que cet article publié en 2010 pourrait contenir des informations qui ne sont plus à jour .
Le ministre québécois des Finances , Raymond Bachand , accuse le député fédéral Maxime Bernier de nourrir le sentiment anti-Québec .
En Montérégie , l'ex - ministre conservateur a prononcé un discours controversé .
Le ministre québécois des Finances , Raymond Bachand , accuse le député fédéral Maxime Bernier de nourrir le sentiment anti-Québec dans les discours qu'il prononce devant des militants conservateurs un peu partout au pays .
Agrandir l’image ﻿ ( Nouvelle fenêtre ) ﻿ ﻿ Maxime Bernier , député conservateur de Beauce , confirme vouloir redevenir ministre .
Depuis plusieurs mois , le député conservateur de la Beauce , Maxime Bernier , sillonne le pays pour livrer des conférences .
Vendredi , les propos qu'il a tenus sur le Québec dans une allocution prononcée en Montérégie et mis en lumière dans un article du Devoir suscitent de nombreuses réactions .
Dans ce discours , mis en ligne en français et en anglais sur son blogue , il soutient que l'interventionnisme étatique effréné a appauvri le Québec .
Il partage également la perception des Québécois qu'ont , d'après lui , les citoyens du reste du Canada .
Disons - nous les choses franchement : dans le reste du pays , il y a beaucoup de gens qui perçoivent les Québécois comme des enfants gâtés qui n'en ont jamais assez et qui en redemandent toujours .
Le député Maxime Bernier
L'ex - ministre dénonce 40 ans « de débats futiles sur l'indépendance » , « de politiques irresponsables de la part de gouvernements du Québec qui vivent au - dessus de leurs moyens et qui nous endettent » et « de revendications pour aller chercher toujours plus d'argent dans les poches de nos concitoyens du reste du Canada » .
Au sujet de ses discours prononcés au pays , M. Bernier a affirmé , en entrevue au Réseau de l'information , qu'il avait davantage de temps maintenant qu'il n'avait plus de responsabilité ministérielle .
Il a dit simplement répondre aux invitations qui lui sont lancées .
Sur la tenue de son discours sur les Québécois , Maxime Bernier a rappelé qu'il a tenu ces propos dans la province , en français .
«
Ce n'est pas le discours que je dis au Canada anglais » , a -t - il déclaré .
Néanmoins , le texte de son discours semble susciter l'approbation d'internautes d'ailleurs au pays sur son blogue .
On peut y lire plusieurs commentaires favorables provenant non seulement du Québec , mais aussi de l'extérieur de la province .
En outre , Maxime Bernier a réaffirmé ne pas être fier que le Québec reçoive de l'argent en vertu de la péréquation , ce qui signifie quant à lui que le Québec est pauvre .
«
En tant que Québécois , je ne suis pas fier de quémander cet argent au Canada et je souhaite qu'on développe des politiques économiques au Québec pour créer de la richesse , et non pas s'appauvrir » , a -t - il dit sur les ondes de RDI .
Le ministre Raymond Bachand a rappelé mardi qu'une bonne part des services que les Québécois se paient sont financés par un impôt provincial plus élevé , faisant aussi valoir que c'est en vertu de la constitution canadienne que le Québec touche des paiements de péréquation .
Peut - être qu'il devrait se rappeler ça et défendre les valeurs québécoises ailleurs au Canada plutôt que faire du Québec bashing .
Le ministre Raymond Bachand
Du reste , selon M. Bernier , les Québécois ne souhaitent pas rouvrir le débat sur la constitution , mais ils veulent un gouvernement fédéral qui n'empiète pas sur les compétences des provinces .
« De toute évidence , il s'inspire d'autres policiens fédéraux qui , par le passé , ont fait carrière en cassant du sucre sur le dos des Québécois » , a affirmé de son côté le député péquiste Alexandre Cloutier .
Un retour au cabinet ?
Près de deux ans après sa démission comme ministre des Affaires étrangères à la suite de l'affaire Julie Couillard , Maxime Bernier espère toujours réintégrer le cabinet des ministres du gouvernement conservateur .
Il affirme toutefois que le premier ministre ne l'a pas encore approché .
Dans le Devoir , on rapporte par ailleurs que plusieurs croient que Maxime Bernier se présenterait dans une éventuelle course à la succession de Stephen Harper à la tête du Parti conservateur .
M. Bernier s'en tient toutefois pour l'instant à dire qu'il souhaite redevenir ministre .
Maxime Bernier prononcera quelques allocutions au Canada anglais au cours des prochaines semaines .
Samedi , il prononcera une allocution à Winnipeg .
Le 30 avril , il rencontrera des militants dans deux circonscriptions de Toronto et en mai , il sera à Victoria .
Mark Shuttleworth engaged in a Q&A session as part of the post 10.04 Ubuntu Open Week and in his role as SABDFL , gave some broad indications of what to expect in future Ubuntu releases .
One question was whether the GNOME Shell , the proposed desktop environment of GNOME 3.0 , would be default in Ubuntu 10.10 .
Shuttleworth said no , as the current release schedule puts it " out of bounds for Maverick " but it will be included in the Ubuntu universe repositories .
He did encourage users to try it , " The more folks use it and think about it , the better our decisions will be for 11.04 " he said , referring to the April 2011 Ubuntu release that 's due after Maverick Meerkat .
Because he wants a singular user experience , Shuttleworth is also not considering the proposal to make application defaults configurable at installation .
" One of the really strong values we have is that two users of Ubuntu should , by default , either be having the same experience , or be expert enough to understand why they are not " .
He sees benefits in the common user experience allowing users to help each other more easily ; " They can help each other , just talking about " the browser ' " ... " for the beginning , out of the box experience , we benefit a lot from keeping it tight " .
Another subject touched on was the plan for " Windicators " ( the window control buttons having been moved to the left on Ubuntu 10.04 ) beyond GNOME .
" It will be simple to straightforward to add to KWin if the maintainers see fit and we 'd likely add it in Kubuntu " said Shuttleworth .
Other issues that came up were Blu-ray playback support ( not possible in the free distribution because it needs proprietary software ) , Ubuntu Moblin Remix ( it has been dropped ) and RGBA transparency support ( expected to be enabled soon ) .
( djwm )
“ Fantastic Mr. Fox ” is a proudly analog animated entertainment , making its handmade way into a marketplace glutted with digital goodies .
Next to the three - dimensional , computer - generated creatures that swoop and soar off the screen these days , the furry talking animals on display here , with their matted pelts , jerky movements and porcelain eyes , might look a little quaint , like old - fashioned wind - up toys uneasily sharing the shelf with the latest video game platforms .
At times this adaptation of Roald Dahl ’s slender anti-fable  truer to the spirit than to the letter of the source  does not even look like a movie .
In spite of the pedigreed voices ( Meryl Streep and Bill Murray , along with George Clooney in the title role ) , it feels more like an extended episode of what progressive educators call imaginative play .
The sets might just as well have been built out of available household stuff , the stiff figurines animated and ventriloquized on a classroom or bedroom floor by precocious children .
All of which may only be another way of saying that this is a Wes Anderson film .
The spirit of self - conscious juvenile playacting has informed his work from the start , providing a theme for “ Rushmore ” and a sensibility for everything else .
His live - action subjects often move like stop- motion figures through landscapes that resemble drawings and models more than real places .
( Think of the cutaway ship set in “ The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou . ” )
There is a deadpan , understated quality to his performers that also suggests puppetry , and he shows a stubborn reluctance to let story take precedence over style .
Mike ’s coming over in a bit to take me to dinner .
Today is our anniversary !
We ’ve spent eleven wonderful years becoming better best friends every day .
Since we do n’t exchange gifts on our anniversary ( too many birthdays in close vicinity — mine was this past Tuesday ! ) , I wanted to do something else special .
How about make a ridiculously indulgent , mind - blowing dessert ?
And maybe a special post dedicated to him ?
Perfect .
Why do I love Mike ?
Here are just a few reasons :
1. Sometimes I ’ll come home from an errand and find that he ’s cleaned my apartment .
Without being asked .
Just because he thought I ’d like it .
Do you even need any more reasons ?
2 . He ’s a mathematical genius , meaning he blows my mind on a regular basis with fancy subjects like algebraic topology or complex analysis .
What happened to arithmetic ?
3. Every Easter Mike ’s grandparents hold an Easter egg hunt .
One year Mike noticed how much fun I was having .
He went out and bought plastic eggs , put a sweet message inside each one , and hid them around my apartment .
I found eggs for months in places like my bathroom closet , my bookshelf , and my desk drawers .
Byrd found one under the bed , thinking it was a ball !
I saved all the messages — you can see them in some of these photos .
Can you read them ?
4 . When he ’s at my apartment in the evening , he takes Byrd outside for me .
5 . We love the same food : Thai , Indian , Jamaican , Italian , Mexican , Japanese . . . and dessert .
6 . He ’s watched countless episodes of Top Chef , Extreme Home Makeover , House Hunters , Undercover Boss — even Toddlers and Tiaras ! — with me , despite hating every single one of those shows .
7 . We ’ve been watching Star Trek together for years and both love it .
He ’s a closet Trekkie .
He will deny this fact .
8 . When Byrd threw up all day , he cleaned up all the carpet messes .
That night I took her to the emergency vet , and he drove to the vet ’s office to sit with me at 2 a.m .
9 . He eats every single thing I make with gratitude and supports me while I pursue my passion .
10 .
He is determined .
He went back to college after dropping out , graduated magna cum laude in only 3 years , and is now off to get his Ph.D. at NC State — Go Wolfpack !
11 . We have similar tolerance levels for being out in public .
We like to do things like the Southern Christmas Show here in Charlotte , but we do them strategically : get in , get the good food , buy a few gifts , leave immediately !
We ’re both more comfortable hanging out at my apartment than being out and about .
12 . He calls me Little One. Or Frog .
13 . One Valentine ’s
Day in college , I came back to my dorm to find roses , new shoes , a new shirt , and a note on my computer from Mike saying he wanted to surprise me .
They were cute shoes , too !
14 . He introduced me to Top Chef by buying me the first season as a gift .
Recently , he introduced me to America ’s Test Kitchen in the same way .
I ’m baking him dishes from the shows to demonstrate my gratitude .
15 . He ’s strong .
Every now and then after a hard day , you just want to be picked up and rocked like a baby .
He ’s got me covered !
16 . He loves his family .
You know how they say you can tell a lot about a man by how he treats his mom ?
Well ,
Mike not only adores his mom , but all of his relatives .
He would do anything for them .
17 . Gorgeous blue eyes , and an amazing smile .
He ’s so handsome !
18 . He loves to help people , and hates to see them struggle .
Whenever someone needs help with their computer , help with math , help moving furniture , help tying their shoe — you name it , he ’s there .
19 .
He ’s cool .
He likes cool music , wears cool jeans , reads cool books , thinks cool thoughts , has a cool attitude , and is just . . . super cool .
20 . Everything .
Because Mike is so amazing , he more than deserves this fancy Coffee Cookie Dough Fudge Cheesecake .
Even if it ’s not your anniversary , any day is a good day to dig in to this cake !
It ’s phenomenal .
The filling has a coffee flavor that complements the rich fudge and cookie dough .
In ours , the cookie dough did n’t stand out enough , so I ’ve adjusted the amount of coffee flavoring in the below to let all the flavors shine .
The result is utterly indulgent , utterly delicious , and utterly gorgeous .
Perfect for my very , very special occasion !
And since we ’re being all mushy , tell me :
What do you love about your special someone ?
Cookie Dough Fudge Cheesecake
Recipe by : Willow Bird Baking , adapted from Annies ’ Eats ’ Cappucino Fudge Cheesecake with eggless cookie dough by Family Fun
Yields : one 9 - inch cheesecake
Crust Ingredients :
32 chocolate sandwich cookies , finely processed into crumbs ( use whole cookies , filling and all )
5 1/3 tablespoons unsalted butter , melted and cooled
Small pinch of salt
Ganache Ingredients :
1½ cups heavy cream
20 oz .
bittersweet or semisweet chocolate , finely chopped ( I combined both )
Filling Ingredients :
3 ( 8 oz . ) packages cream cheese , at room temperature
1 cup sugar
1½ tablespoons all - purpose flour
1 tablespoons instant coffee granules
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1½ teaspoons mild - flavored ( light ) molasses
3 large eggs
Topping Ingredients :
1½ cups sour cream
1/3 cup sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract
Cookie Dough Layer Ingredients :
1/2 cup butter , softened
3/4 cup light brown sugar , packed
1 cup all - purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 cup semisweet chocolate chips
4 to 6 tablespoons water ( I used 4 )
Directions :
To make the crust , butter a 9 - inch springform pan .
Combine the chocolate cookie crumbs , melted butter and salt in a small bowl .
Toss with a fork to moisten all of the crumbs .
Press into a thin layer covering the bottom and sides of the springform pan ( at least 3 inches up the sides ) .
I did this using a smooth glass to press crumbs into place .
Bring the cream to a simmer in a medium saucepan .
Place the chocolate in a medium bowl .
Once the cream reaches a simmer , pour the cream over the chocolate and let stand 1 - 2 minutes .
Whisk in small circles until a smooth ganache has formed .
Pour 1.5 - 2 cups of the ganache over the bottom of the crust .
Freeze until the ganache layer is firm , about 30 minutes .
Reserve the remaining ganache ; cover and let stand at room temperature for later decorating .
Preheat the oven to 350 ˚ F and position a rack in the middle of the oven .
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment , beat the cream cheese and sugar on medium - high speed until well blended .
Beat in the flour .
In a small bowl , combine the coffee granules , vanilla and molasses , stirring until the coffee dissolves .
Add to the cream cheese mixture and beat until well incorporated , scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed .
Beat in the eggs one at a time , scraping down the bowl between each addition .
Pour the filling over the cold ganache in the crust .
Enclose the bottom of the springform pan in tightly wrapped foil and place it in a baking dish .
Fill the baking dish with hot water about halfway up the cheesecake pan , careful not to let the moisture touch the cheesecake .
Bake until the top is lightly browned , puffed and cracked at the edges , and the center moves only very slightly when the pan is lightly shaken , about 1 hour .
Transfer to a wire cooling rack .
Cool 15 minutes while preparing the topping ( maintaining the oven temperature . )
To make the topping , whisk together the sour cream , sugar and vanilla in a small bowl .
Pour the topping over the hot cheesecake , spreading to cover the filling completely .
Bake until the topping is set , about 10 - 15 minutes .
Return to the cooling rack and let cool at room temperature for at least 30 minutes .
Transfer to the refrigerator and let cool at least 3 hours , until completely chilled and set .
To make cookie dough layer , cream together the butter and sugar in a large bowl .
Stir in the flour , salt , vanilla and chips .
Add the water , one tablespoon at a time , until you have reached a cookie dough consistency .
Line a 9 - inch cake pan with parchment paper .
Spoon the cookie dough into the pan and flatten to an even layer .
Freeze the cookie dough layer until ready to use ( at least 30 minutes ) .
To finish , wrap a warm towel around the outside of the springform pan to help loosen the crust from the sides .
Carefully remove the springform .
Transfer the cake to a serving platter .
Turn cookie dough out of cake pan and place layer on top of cheesecake , pressing it gently into place .
Place the reserved ganache in a pastry bag fitted with a decorative tip and use to garnish the top of the cake as desired .
Chill until the ganache is completely firm , at least 6 hours .
Happy Anniversary , Mike !
Share this post with friends !
For almost a year and a half , furious Tea Party protesters have been chanting " Taxed Enough Already . "
But as it turns out , " taxed enough " actually means " at the lowest levels since 1950 . "
That 's the word from the Bureau of Economic Analysis , which found that Americans paid the smallest overall tax bill since Harry Truman was in the White House .
Of course , that inconvenient truth for Tea Baggers is tied to another : their plummeting payments are due in part to the tax relief delivered by President Obama .
USA Today summed up the BEA data debunking yet another right - wing myth :
Federal , state and local taxes -- including income , property , sales and other taxes -- consumed 9.2 % of all personal income in 2009 , the lowest rate since 1950 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reports .
That rate is far below the historic average of 12 % for the last half - century .
The overall tax burden hit bottom in December at 8.8 % of income before rising slightly in the first three months of 2010 .
" The idea that taxes are high right now is pretty much nuts , " says Michael Ettlinger , head of economic policy at the liberal Center for American Progress .
That conclusion echoed a similar finding from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities last month .
CBPP found
Middle - income Americans are now paying federal taxes at or near historically low levels , according to the latest available data .
That 's true whether it comes to their federal income taxes or their total federal taxes .
Several factors are fueling the reduced tax bill .
For starters , the Bush recession has battered Americans ' incomes and slashed sales tax revenue .
New and expanded tax credits signed into law by presidents Clinton and Bush also lightened the tax burden for working families .
And importantly , the $ 160 billion in tax cuts delivered by the Obama stimulus program helped refill Americans ' bank accounts .
But you 'd never know it , judging from the incendiary rhetoric flowing from the Tea Party movement and amplified by its media stenographers .
And in this case , ignorance is not bliss .
While over 95 % of working Americans received a tax cut thanks to President Obama and Congressional Democrats , a CBS poll found that Tea Party supporters literally did n't believe it :
Of people who support the grassroots , " Tea Party " movement , only 2 percent think taxes have been decreased , 46 percent say taxes are the same , and a whopping 44 percent say they believe taxes have gone up .
It 's no wonder that despite their much publicized fury , 52 % of Tea Party sympathizers " say their taxes are fair . "
Of course , when it comes to taxes , what Tea Baggers do n't know is a lot .
In March , former Reagan Treasury official Bruce Bartlett quantified the know - nothingness of proud if deluded anti-tax Tea Partiers .
Among other findings in a survey of the assembled DC Tea Baggers on March 16 :
Tuesday 's Tea Party crowd , however , thought that federal taxes were almost three times as high as they actually are .
The average response was 42 % of GDP and the median 40 % .
The highest figure recorded in all of American history was half those figures : 20.9 % at the peak of World War II in 1944 .
" For an antitax group , " Bartlett aptly concluded , " they do n't know much about taxes . "
So the next time the Tea Party Republicans masquerading as independents call Barack Obama a socialist fascist communist or worse , remember the two words they should express to the President .
Thank you .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
In an interview with The New York Times , Google 's Andy Rubin revealed that the upcoming version of the Android mobile operating system will fully support Flash technology .
Code named Froyo , Adobe showed us Android 2.2 with Flash 10.1 on a Nexus One last month .
According to Rubin , Google 's definition of openness “ means not being militant about the things consumers are actually enjoying . "
This is pointed commentary about Apple 's HTML5 - or - bust attitude toward supporting Flash — or even allowing developers to use Flash when making applications — on Apple mobile devices .
Google — at least based on our perception of the company 's public face — seems more focused on the interoperability , compatibility and diversity of user experience .
Rubin also commented on Google 's commitment to keeping Android open — open for developers , open for porn , open for API access , simply and completely open .
And as far as " stolen " phones are concerned , Rubin said Google would have been flattered by the attention .
All in all , Rubin 's statement came across as a thinly — and we mean thinly — veiled " screw you " to Apple .
As the platform continues to grow , both in end - user adoption and in developer interest , who can blame him ?
We can't wait to see what happens when an Android tablet is released to challenge the iPad .
[ img credit : Jesus Belzunce ]
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
call friend in the first place -- so I 'm going to try not to be insulting about this .
I do n't dislike Ebert for his stance , and I do n't dismiss him automatically as being out of touch .
I do n't think he " does n't get it " because he 's too old ; I think he 's just too immersed in one medium to appreciate another .
That happens all the time â you 'll often find music aficionados with little appreciation for painting , or painters with no interest in novels .
Age is n't an instant disqualification for appreciating innovation .
Roger Ebert is a sharp , incisive and thoughtful man , and his many other opinions are not instantly rendered invalid simply because he's so full of shit on this one that it 's spraying out of his ears like one of those clown sprinkler - heads .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You know , with all due respect .
First off , Ebert says that he 's never seen a video game worth his time enough to play one .
Sooo ... this rebuttal does n't really need to go any further , does it ?
Continuing this discussion is like setting a time and place for a structured philosophical debate on the importance of pacifism and restraint with a rabid badger :
Your opponent is not only unqualified from the start , but it 's obviously just out to attack you .
With an opening salvo like " I 've never played a game but here 's a sweeping statement about them , " you know that your pleas are going to go unheeded .
You can have the greatest PowerPoint presentation in the world , but you 're still leaving here with rabies .
The next slide is a tutorial acronym for staunching the bloodflow from a severed femoral artery using only supplies you can find in your cubicle .
So how does Roger Ebert 's rationale justify having such a severe opinion on something he freely admits to never experiencing ?
In his words , he understands video games thusly : " By the definition of the vast majority of games .
They tend to involve ( 1 ) point and shoot in many variations and plotlines , ( 2 ) treasure or scavenger hunts , as in " Myst , " and ( 3 ) player control of the outcome .
I do n't think these attributes have much to do with art ; they have more in common with sports . "
I 'll concede that point .
Most games are more like entertainment than art , but condemning the few because of the many is faulty reasoning .
By that same logic , my understanding is that the definition of movies is pornography .
If you 're factoring in Internet sites , amateur efforts and the vast machinery of constant orifice violation that I 'm pretty sure most of California has turned into by this point , then pornography is the most prevalent use of film .
Or if that example does n't work for you : Movies are commercials .
There are more commercials on television by sheer airtime than there are movies in the world , therefore that 's what all film is .
Would you take me seriously if I began a tirade against the value of cinema by stating that movies should n't be taken seriously because , by volume , most of them are surveillance recordings of parking lots , 7 - 11s and ATM Machines ?
Sovak was a male Ferengi of the Ferengi Alliance in the 24th century .
He was one of the few Ferengi to refer to Humans as " Human " rather than " Hew - mon . "
At some point , he had served as an officer in the Ferengi military , as he retained an officer 's tattoo on his forehead and later appeared wearing a Ferengi uniform .
In the 2360s , he assisted archaeologist Dr. Samuel Estragon in his work in finding an artifact called the Tox Uthat , even when it was not exactly ethical .
He was cheated by Estragon 's assistant Vash after he paid for information about the Tox Uthat .
In 2366 , he followed her to Risa where he periodically searched her room when she left and offered her gold for the information on a data disk she had .
He observed her with Captain Jean - Luc Picard , who was holidaying on Risa at the time , and thought he was conspiring with Vash .
Unknowingly , Picard did not understand what was happening until later .
He confronted Picard and Vash as they were leaving the resort to look for the artifact .
Picard disarmed him and knocked him out .
Sovak later found the half - burnt disk copy in Vash 's room , leading him to the same cave they were heading to .
He found them and ordered them to dig for the relic .
Due to Vash 's deception , the artifact was n't there , and Sovak eventually convinced himself the information was false and left .
( TNG : " Captain 's Holiday " )
Contents show ]
Appendices
Background information
Sovak was played by future Star Trek : Deep Space Nine actor Max Grodénchik .
It was his first Star Trek role .
The shirt worn by Sovak was later reused as a set of pajamas purchased by Rom ( also played by Grodénchik ) in DS9 : " Little Green Men "
According to the script , Sovak 's name was pronounced as " SOE - vauk " . [ 1 ]
Apocrypha
His mirror universe counterpart ( β ) appeared in the novella " The Worst of Both Worlds " .
He was a rival of his fellow archaeologist - for - hire , Luc Picard .
On September 28 , 2371 , Sovak followed Picard to the ruins of a Vulcan monastery on New T'Karath so that he could procure the second fragment of the Stone of Gol for himself with a minimum of either effort or risk .
However , when he attempted to remove the fragment from the sarcophagus , he inadvertently activated a trap left by the ancient Vulcans , namely a gravitron inverter which caused his body to liquefy .
As the trap had been triggered , Picard was able to safely retrieve the fragment , which he presented to his patron Gul Madred , the governor of the Klingon - Cardassian Alliance world Celtris III .
External link
Undercover.com.au provides readers with the latest Sports and Racing news with a bit of a twist on your usual reporting .
We aim to give viewers a biggest news surrounding Racing and Sports in Australia with a bit more of a humorous look at the codes .
We also provide the Biggest and Best Free Bets and Bonus Bet Offers which are proudly supported by leading Racing website JustHorseRacing.com.au – CLAIM HERE
We hope to engage readers in our news and articles so make sure you leave a comment after reading .
Thanks from the team at undercover.com.au
Steel Prince looking to secure spot in Melbourne Cup field Steel Prince will be trying to do what he ’s done before and that ’s win his way into the Melbourne Cup when he runs in The Bart Cummings .
The winner of …
Aktau to have Caulfield Cup hit - out in Turnbull Stakes Mike Moroney is expecting boom stayer Aktau to show he’s on track for the Caulfield Cup with a forward showing in the Turnbull Stakes .
“ It ’s going to be a tough …
Nature Strip on track for Premiere Stakes at Randwick Nature Strip has come through his latest barrier trial without incident and will now take on Classique Legend in the Premiere Stakes at Randwick .
The multiple Group
One winner ’s last …
Instant Celebrity on track for Thousand Guineas Adelaide filly Instant Celebrity has made it four wins from four starts with an outstanding display to win the Thousand Guineas Prelude at her first race away from home .
The …
Peter Moody sets sights on Cox Plate with Glenfiddich A bullish Peter Moody has set his sights on a Caulfield Guineas and Cox Plate raid with exciting colt Glenfiddich after he demolished his Bill Stutt Stakes rivals at Moonee …
Tommy Berry to ride Tofane in The Everest 2020 Tommy Berry ’s partnership with brilliant sprinter Chautauqua has helped him to secure the ride on Victorian raider Tofane in the $ 15 million The Everest .
Trainer Mike Moroney confirmed the booking …
Cetshwayo scores Victoria Derby golden ticket Danny O’Brien has captured the major staying races in the spring with one exception , the Victoria Derby , and his wish to win that race has received an added boost with …
By Leo Babauta
In this age of digital communication , we ’re busier than ever .
And yet , in all of our sound and fury , we seem to have no time for focus , for what ’s important , for thinking .
To find this focus , we will need to completely rethink the need for productivity .
Think of our culture ’s obsession with productivity : with the need for “ hard work ” and working long hours to get things done , with the need to be busy busy busy all the time , with the need to make lists and check them off , with the need to juggle countless projects and make more revenue and accomplish more and more .
But for what ?
What ’s the point of all this obsession ?
It leads to burnout , stress , anxiety , unhappiness , greed , confusion , and no time for family , friends , and yourself .
What would happen if we threw all that out the door ?
What if we said , “ I want to get important things done , but the rest can go to hell . ” ?
Let ’s create a new creed : Simplicity , purpose , focus , silence , and joy .
Let ’s make beautiful and useful things , and love doing it .
With this “ new ” conception of productivity ( which is actually as old as work itself ) , we can adopt some new principles .
The principles I propose are inspired by Taoism , a philosophy that has deeply informed my life .
I am not a Taoist , nor an expert at it , and many of the things I ’ll write below are not exactly in line with it .
Be Content
Be content with what you have ;
rejoice in the way things are .
When you realize there is nothing lacking ,
the whole world belongs to you .
~ Lao Tzu
This is the foundation of the Tao of Productivity : the old version of productivity was founded in the desire for more , to be greater , to accomplish more .
But instead , let go of this desire , and realize you already have enough .
If you realize that you have enough ,
you are truly rich .
If you ’re already rich , do you need to make more money ?
Do you need to do more and more ?
If you ’re content , you do because it gives you joy , not because of a desire for more .
When there is no desire ,
all things are at peace .
Master Non-Action
The gentlest thing in the world
overcomes the hardest thing in the world .
That which has no substance
enters where there is no space .
This shows the value of non-action .
Teaching without words ,
performing without actions :
that is the Master ’s way .
This will be the hardest principle to master , I believe , because our old obsession with productivity was an obsession with doing .
It helps me to think of nature : it does nothing , it does n’t hurry , and yet everything gets done .
Why does everything get done in nature ?
Because :
1 . There is nothing that truly needs to get done — whatever happens is good .
2 . What happens is a result of the actual nature of things — they will do what they do because of what they are .
Think of how this applies to your work : can you relinquish what you think “ needs ” to be done ?
And can you rethink things so that things happen because of what they are , not because you force them to happen ?
It ’s not an easy task , but it can happen if you keep an open mind and contemplate “ needs ” and the nature of things .
The Master allows things to happen .
She shapes events as they come .
She steps out of the way
and lets the Tao speak for itself .
Relinquish Control
The Master sees things as they are ,
without trying to control them .
She lets them go their own way ,
and resides at the center of the circle .
This is another difficult change : to let go of our need for control .
We try to control our environment , control our behaviors , control our minds , control other people , control outcomes .
And yet , it ’s all an illusion : we have no control over what happens .
Things go wrong all the time , plans fail , we fail , and we feel like failures because of it .
Because we thought we could control something , and it did n’t happen .
Controlling other people is a huge source of conflict .
Stop trying to control employees , co-workers , bosses , team members , loved ones .
Let them do what they want , and work with you how they will .
So how do you work without control ?
It takes time to learn this , but the idea is to let things happen , and act ( or not act ) within the flow of those events .
Let people do as they please , and find calm amid this swirl of activity and people .
The Master allows things to happen .
She shapes events as they come .
She steps out of the way
and lets the Tao speak for itself .
Stop Planning
Other people have a purpose ;
I alone do n’t know .
I drift like a wave on the ocean ,
I blow as aimless as the wind .
This goes hand - in - hand with letting go of control .
Stop planning , stop trying to control how things will go and what the outcomes will be .
Life never goes according to plan , so why stress yourself out worrying about the future and then worrying about the past when plans get disrupted ?
Live in the moment , with no fixed outcome in mind .
Let things happen , and be content with what happens .
Do work , of course , but do it because it gives you joy .
My system for doing this : The One Thing System .
Because he has no goal in mind ,
everything he does succeeds .
Let Go of Success & the Need for Approval
Success is as dangerous as failure .
Hope is as hollow as fear .
What does it mean that success is a dangerous as failure ?
Whether you go up the ladder or down it ,
you position is shaky .
When you stand with your two feet on the ground ,
you will always keep your balance .
Success is something that ’s ingrained in our culture , and almost every moment of our childhoods and schooling are geared towards success .
But it ’s a hollow concept .
Who defines success ?
Why is it so important ?
What happens when we do n’t achieve it ?
And what happens when we do , and still want more , or realize it was n’t worth all the effort , and that we ’ve wasted our lives ?
Keep your feet on the ground .
Find balance , and contentment .
Forget about “ success ” .
The Master does his job
and then stops .
He understands that the universe
is forever out of control ,
and that trying to dominate events
goes against the current of the Tao .
Because he believes in himself ,
he does n’t try to convince others .
Because he is content with himself ,
he does n’t need others ’ approval .
Because he accepts himself ,
the whole world accepts him .
That quote says it all really .
I have nothing to add .
Give up the need for approval , and the need for “ productivity ” fades away .
Do Your Work , & Step Back
Fill your bowl to the brim
and it will spill .
Keep sharpening your knife
and it will blunt .
Chase after money and security
and your heart will never unclench .
Care about people ’s approval
and you will be their prisoner .
Do your work , then step back .
The only path to serenity .
This is a lesson we have a hard time learning .
We do our work , and then need to do more , and more .
Instead , step back .
You will thank me for it .
Announcement seen as effort to stave off leadership challenge after BNP 's disastrous performance in elections
Nick Griffin , leader of the British National party , has agreed to stand down in 2013 in an attempt to stave off an immediate leadership challenge .
Griffin has been facing growing internal criticism after the party 's performance in the general and local elections .
He told a meeting of the BNP 's special advisory council at the weekend that he would make way for " someone who will be able to drive support up to where it can be a serious contender for power " .
Griffin was beaten into third place in Barking , trailing Labour 's Margaret Hodge by 18,000 votes .
The party nationally failed to build on its council breakthrough in 2006 : of the 28 sitting councillors that stood for re-election , all but two lost .
According to the party 's website , Griffin told the advisory council he was prepared to stand down in three years ' time .
" By then I would have been leader of the BNP for 15 years and that is long enough , " Griffin said .
" It will be time to make way for a younger person who does not have any baggage which can be used against the party . "
However , anti-racist campaigners described Griffin 's announcement as part of a wider power struggle inside the BNP .
" Far from being a resignation this is a naked attempt by Griffin to play for time in an attempt to cling to power , " said Daniel Hodges , from Searchlight .
The BNP 's election campaign was dogged by problems and descended into violence on the eve of the poll when Bob Bailey , the BNP councillor and London organiser , was caught on camera fighting in the street with a group of teenagers .
Last week Bailey was arrested and bailed , on suspicion of assaulting two men .
He has also stepped down as the BNP 's London organiser .
An 18 - year - old man and a 19 - year - old man were also arrested and bailed , on suspicion of assault and affray .
Earlier in the campaign the BNP website was closed down and replaced with a posting from Simon Bennett , the party 's website manager , who accused Griffin and James Dowson , the BNP election fundraiser , of being " pathetic , desperate and incompetent " .
In Stoke - on - Trent , the BNP 's second target seat , its senior councillor Alby Walker decided to stand as an independent because of a " vein of Holocaust denying " within the party .
" They 've still got senior members of the BNP who will be candidates in the general election that have Nazi-esque sympathies , " he said .
And at the beginning of the campaign , the party 's publicity director , Mark Collett , who was considered a Griffin loyalist , was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill the party leader .
The BNP is under investigation by the Electoral Commission for financial irregularities and has been embroiled in a lengthy legal battle with the Equality and Human Rights Commission over its constitution .
ends
As there was nothing else to do while on the train , I turned on the radio and decided to listen to a talk show .
On this particular program they had two opposing politicians in , debating the then upcoming election .
I listened for a while , wishing I could get a decent music station , or had bought some CDs with me .
The debate was getting boring , and was essentially becoming a right / left conflict :
Give up your social freedom for more economic freedom , or give up your economic freedom for your social ones .
Damn , that was stupid !
I found myself thinking .
So basically , I have to give up some sort of freedom , in order to gain another ?
Looking closely , there was n’t even that much of a choice .
To take benefit of the " economic free market " of the Right means you have to have the money in the first place .
And on the left , without economic freedom , social freedom was nothing , as money is a large part of the social structure .
So was there really a choice ?
To be sure , there are some differences .
Certainly among the personalities involved .
But the basic philosophy was the same .
Almost all our current politicians come from the " Oxbridge elite " , those lucky few without enough connections or cash to get into those 2 universities .
This is pretty much the same for the leadership of both parties , whether right or left wing .
And either way , it basically benefits them , as they are richer than their constituents who they supposedly represent .
It ’s a two man con .
Or rather , a two ideology con .
They say ( this " they " presumably being the same " they " who are the everyone in " everyone knows " .
And quite possibly make up " the community " , whoever the hell they are ) that you ca n’t con an honest man , often to make themselves feel superior to some poor schmuck who just lost a lot on what seemed a fair gamble .
However , you can con an honest man , if you do it with two men .
Make them look like opposing teams , like a " thief " getting caught at a jewelers and a " copper " taking the stolen goods as evidence .
But in reality , they are both working ultimately for their own benefit .
That ’s the way politicians keep conning the public .
We get the same old guard year after year , being moved by their party from safeseat to safeseat .
That ’s modern politics .
Keep voting yourself pay rises and make sure there are n"t equal taxes applied to the rich .
And people wonder why fringe parties and apathy are on the rise .
Much government interference with our peaceful pursuits is based on junk science and junk economics .
Politicians know a lot of stuff that is n't so .
So do reporters .
Let me count some of the ways .
( I 'll elaborate on tonight 's Fox Business Network show . )
Congress now spends your money on a host of intrusive new programs designed to make America " energy independent . "
President Obama recently announced $ 8 billion in loan guarantees for nuclear power plants .
I smiled when I heard .
Finally , even Democrats woke up to the benefits of nuclear power .
But Cato Institute energy analyst Jerry Taylor set me straight :
" If nuclear power made economic sense , we would n't need to subsidize it . "
Affordable nuclear power , says Taylor , is a Republican fantasy .
Promoting it makes no more sense than Nancy Pelosi 's promotion of wind and solar power .
" Take a Republican speech about nuclear power , cross out the phrase ' nuclear , ' and put in ' solar ' — you 've got a Democratic speech about energy . "
All these " alternative " fuels are economically impractical .
Natural gas is practical .
And plentiful .
I thought the only reason that nuclear did n't pay for itself is the burden of excessive regulations and objections from silly environmentalists .
Apply for permission to build a plant , and their cumbersome lawsuits impose ruinously expensive delays .
Again , Taylor set me straight .
He says the nuclear industry itself is comfortable with today 's level of regulation .
The big problem today is not environmental rules , but simply the huge cost .
The same high costs , he says , are found in countries that have long been friendly to nuclear power .
He also notes that when the Department of Energy proposed offering to guarantee 80 percent of the cost of new nuclear plants , the big investment banks told the department that even 80 percent loan guarantees would n't be enough .
They needed 100 percent guarantees , or they would n't make the loans .
" To me that 's a market verdict that you 're supposed to respect … .
We need to leave these ( matters ) to markets .
And in the marketplace , investors will not spend a single red dime on nuclear power because it's too expensive … .
It 's not Jane Fonda or Greenpeace that killed nuclear power .
It 's Wall Street investment banks who 've looked at the bottom line . "
He 's convinced me .
Then he moved on to more Republican candy : the claim that drilling for oil in the Gulf of Mexico and Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR ) in Alaska would dramatically lower oil prices and move us toward energy " independence . "
Taylor says such drilling would do neither .
Yes , it would create wealth .
New offshore fields might produce a million barrels of oil per day .
While that would be good , the benefits are oversold .
" We consume 15 million barrels of oil a day .
We produce 5 . We 'd go to 6 . "
Nice , but no game - changer .
Of course , subsidizing wind and solar makes even less sense .
Taylor calls them 12th - century technologies .
They require lots of land to produce forms of energy that are hard to store and hard to move , and are too variable throughout the year .
Even if we covered most of America with wind farms , there 's no guarantee that they 'd produce energy when we need it .
Other junk science abounds : banning plastic shopping bags , as 10 cities have done , is pointless .
Plastic bags take up a tiny fraction of landfills .
When supermarkets are stopped from handing plastic out , people looking to dispose garbage buy more big , black plastic bags .
Banning incandescent bulbs , as Congress has done starting in 2012 , is also pointless .
The ban will have only the tiniest effect on America 's energy use .
In addition , fluorescent bulbs often use as much power as incandescent bulbs because people leave them on longer .
People are ignorant enough about science that it 's easy for politicians to scare them into supporting absurd regulations .
For my show , I went to Times Square and asked if people would sign a petition demanding a ban on " dihydrogen monoxide , " a colorless , odorless chemical that kills thousands .
Most everyone signed .
They were embarrassed when they realized that dihydrogen monoxide is …
H2O .
They eagerly endorsed a ban on water .
John Stossel is host of Stossel on the Fox Business Network .
He 's the author of Give Me a Break and of Myth , Lies , and Downright Stupidity .
To find out more about John Stossel , visit his site at johnstossel.com .
COPYRIGHT 2010 BY JFS PRODUCTIONS , INC .
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
Oil hits the marshes in the Mississippi delta at the weekend .
Credit : Reuters
" I have no question that BP is throwing everything at the problem to try to resolve it because this is an existential crisis for one of the world 's largest companies , " Salazar told reporters .
" Do I have confidence that they know exactly what they 're doing ?
No not completely . "
Salazar 's comments came as President Barack Obama 's administration came under increasing pressure for its response to the crisis amid accusations of lax supervision of the lucrative offshore oil drilling industry .
Right - wing darling Sarah Palin accused Obama on Sunday of being lax in his response to the oil disaster and suggested this was because he was too close to the big oil companies .
The former vice presidential candidate and Alaska governor , who champions off - shore drilling , criticised the media for not drawing the link between Obama and Big Oil and said if this spill had happened under former Republican president George W Bush the scrutiny would have been far tougher .
" I do n't know why the question is n't asked by the mainstream media and by others if there 's any connection with the contributions made to president Obama and his administration and the support by the oil companies to the administration , " she told Fox News Sunday .
More than $ US3.5 million ( $ A4.21 million ) has been given to candidates by BP in the past 20 years , with the largest single donation , $ US77,051 , going to Obama , according to the Centre for Responsive Politics .
Palin suggested this close relationship explained why Obama was , " taking so doggone long to get in there , to dive in there , and grasp the complexity and the potential tragedy that we are seeing here in the Gulf of Mexico . "
Do I have confidence that they [ BP ] know exactly what they 're doing ?
No not completely
Meanwhile , Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal demanded " a greater sense of urgency and a quicker turnaround time " in responding to the oil lapping up on beaches and coating fragile coastal wetlands .
Jindal lambasted the Coast Guard , which is overseeing the response , for failing to deliver and lay out enough protective boom despite repeated requests from local officials who have been forced to " fill the current void in response efforts " .
" We met today to take action , take matters into our own hands , " a frustrated Jindal told reporters in the coastal port of Venice .
" We know we 've got to do that if we 're going to win this fight and protect our coast . "
A local emergency manager commandeered all 40 boom - laying boats hired by BP which were sitting idly at Grand Isle as oil sloshed onto beaches on Saturday night .
Residents and officials in neighbouring Plaquemines Parish headed out in their own boats on Sunday to lay protective booms around a bird sanctuary threatened by a black tide .
Coast Guard Admiral Mary Landry acknowledged that the response had lagged , and told reporters she had called BP to task for failing to make sure boats did n't sit idle if there was work to be done .
" There 's really no excuse for not having constant activity , " Landry said in a conference call .
" That was my first issue we 've had with BP over the past few days and we 've directed them to improve and they have . "
But efforts to clean up the mess are stymied by the fact that the slick is still growing .
Initially scheduled to begin on Sunday , BP 's latest attempt to plug a leak in the ruptured pipe 1.5 kilometres below the surface , the " top kill " , is not expected to get under way until Wednesday at the earliest .
As crews used robotic submarines to position equipment to inject heavy drilling fluids into the well and then seal it with cement , the amount of oil being suctioned up by a mile - long insertion tube slowed to 1360 barrels a day from the previous average of about 2,100 .
" It really depends largely on the mix between oil and gas , " BP spokesman Graham MacEwan told Agence France - Presse .
" It 's not a constant flow so it will fluctuate over time . "
And while a fleet of skimmers did its best to contain the huge slick which has spread across the Gulf and begun to creep towards Florida , oil washed past protective booms , sullying about 100 kilometres of Louisiana 's coastline .
Just how much oil is still gushing from the rig's wreckage has also been a major point of contention , with BP initially putting the figure at 5,000 barrels , or 210,000 gallons ( about 800,000 litres ) , a day .
Independent experts have estimated that the flow from the two leaks could be as high as 120,000 barrels per day .
The federal government has called in top US scientists to work on an accurate estimate on the flow rate out of the ruptured pipe and the actual size of the slick , with results expected sometime this week .
AFP
MONTREAL — Rational calculations do not dictate financial decisions , as psychologists have revealed in recent years .
Emotions often sway our spendthrift or miserly ways .
In particular , positive feelings promote risk taking — gambling in Vegas , say , or going on a shopping spree — whereas bad moods prompt protective selling or saving .
In some cases , our feelings may have an obvious origin : studies show that sunshine breeds stock surges , whereas clouds curtail purchasing .
But much of what influences our spending is far more subtle — subliminal , in fact .
Now psychology graduate student Julie L. Hall of the University of Michigan reports at the Cognitive Neuroscience Society 2010 annual meeting that subconscious emotional cues have a far greater impact on financial risk taking than conscious ones do .
What is more , one particular brain region mediates the connection between what influences our feelings and the financial decisions we make .
Hall and her colleagues used functional magnetic resonance imaging to scan the brains of 24 men and women while the subjects glanced at happy , angry and neutral faces of the sort that , according to previous research , can affect an onlooker 's mood .
Some of these faces were clearly visible , whereas others flashed so briefly — appearing for a mere 30 milliseconds — that the subjects could not consciously see their expressions .
After viewing each face , the men and women were supposed to perform a simulated investment task : choosing between two risky , high - payoff stocks and a safe , low - payoff bond .
As expected , the investigators found that viewing the happy faces caused the subjects to pick the riskier financial alternative — that is , the stocks — far more often than seeing the neutral faces did .
The happy visage also triggered a flurry of activity in a brain region called the nucleus accumbens , which has long been associated with the processing and anticipation of rewards such as food , money and drugs .
But the expressions that had the greatest effect on both risk taking and the activity of the nucleus accumbens were the ones that people could not consciously process , suggesting that mood - altering cues that matter most to our bank accounts — and the stock market — are not obvious ones like the weather but rather those that buffet our emotions beneath our awareness .
Thus ,
Hall suggests , people might make better financial choices if they learned to recognize their own moods — in part by becoming more alert to the environmental cues and experiences that contribute to them — before deciding to splurge on a fancy sports car or gamble on a dicey stock .
" When investors are experiencing large gains in the stock market , they are likely to feel extremely happy and confident , which may lead them to ignore risks , which could in turn could lead to losses , " Hall says .
Knowing that such euphoria could be financially perilous , an individual might be able to put the brakes on his or her spending .
And if a consumer can't intuit his or her own risky state of mind , a brain scanner can : electrical commotion in the nucleus accumbens not only parallels a person 's propensity for positive thinking but also is the neural barometer of financial risk taking .
Cannabidiol is available to customers in many different forms .
They will choose the product depending on personal preferences and whether they want to use it as a treatment or prevention .
Since all these products are plant - based , they are safe to …
Read more
Posted on 2010 -01 - 11 20:53 UTC by Pelau Vadim .
Together with " Details " and " continue " when clicking on an application , we should also have a " queue " button .
Once pressed , app manager should return to the list being browsed .
After queuing one or more apps a new section should be available from the top - down menu , next to " restore apps " called " downlod basket " .
The download basket should list the queued applications with the brief description beneath each one ;
There has to be a " tickced box " in front of each app so that the user can unselect it if he wishes - the line with the app marked in blue ( theme dependent , orange etc ) could be used but could cause users to unwillingly unselect when scrolling .
On the other end of the line there should be the " details " button to make reviewing easy .
Summary :
A queue button should be added to each app after it 's clicked
New category in the top - down menu to bring the queued list up
Unselect / select option + details button for the queued list ( " download basket " )
The same process should be available for uninstalling as well
Summary : after testing the " Restore applications " features I concluded it 's pretty much what I described above , so the implementation of " Download basket " should be similar but the " license agreement " stating that the applications re not provided by Nokia should only be displayed once .
This is also reported this as an enhancement in bugzilla so future firmwares may contain this feature by default :
https://bugs.maemo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=601
Thanks for reading !
By Andrew Liszewski
At first glance I thought this Roller Buggy concept , which combines all the safety aspects of a baby seat and stroller with the reckless abandon of a scooter , was just a terrible idea .
Particularly when used in a busy urban environment like seen in some of the product shots .
But according to designer Valentin Vodev , a lot of care and safety concerns were taken into consideration when it was designed .
In addition to an extra safety belt on the child seat , the Roller Buggy also features a set of hydraulic disc brakes on the front two wheels allowing the speed to be easily reduced at any time .
Though taking it down a hill or riding it off a sweet plywood ramp in your driveway is probably still a terrible idea with a baby on board .
The Roller Buggy can also be transformed into a standard push stroller for use in places where scooting is frowned upon , and while I ’m sure there will be plenty of uproar over child safety if this somehow ever becomes available for sale , with a little common sense it seems like a faster and generally more entertaining alternative way to get around with your little one .
[ Roller Buggy ] VIA [ Babyology ]
Hey , if you “ Like ” this , it helps spread the word about Edmund ’s Quest , helps me out , and the bigger it gets , the more time I can dedicate to cool things like more comics and other things like Edmund Finney face tattoos !
Uses for Preteen Journaling —
Growing up in a pre-teen world can be a scary experience for many young people .
Although there is anticipation for what lies ahead there also exists , simultaneously , an apprehension about the future .
Most adults can relate in some small way to these feelings of excitement , mixed with the fear of growing up because it is all part of the life process .
Since many parents have an idea of what it ’s like growing up in a modern society we can encourage our children to write , in their journals , about their own fears , as well as what excites them about the life they ’re living .
Helping a pre-teen overcome fears , especially those of an interpersonal nature , can be a challenge for any parent .
What does a parent say to their pre-teen who has feelings for someone of the opposite sex , for example ?
Of course , both mom and dad have their valid input as to the dynamics of interpersonal relationships .
However , we do n’t understand , according to our pre-teens .
And yes , we can talk to our pre-teens about the birds and the bees , but this often leaves our child looking at us quizzically , like we ’re coming from another planet , with a limited understanding of their situation .
Can you visualize how frustrating a situation this can be for a parent when their pre-teen looks at them as if they ’re an alien ?
Or maybe you do not need to visualize and know first hand how a pre-teen can react to the “ talk ” .
Words of regret can sometimes be easily spoken in these moments if we ’re not careful as we try to help our children .
When we , as parents , find ourselves looking into the eyes of our pre-teen , you are facing that young person ’s social fear .
When this happens you may hear a whisper for a need for understanding .
We can use that whispered plea to encourage that youth to write in their journals about those fears and feelings of uncertainty .
Feelings of fear and uncertainty are very common among pre-teens and what truly matters is how we as parents , help our children direct those feelings .
That is what fear is , a feeling and nothing more and journaling about the feeling will help a pre-teen control how that emotion with affect them .
The power of the feeling of fear can be overwhelming for a pre-teen .
We have all seen and / or heard of those young people who have taken their own lives because of issues related to fear .
When a young person is harassed or made to feel less than normal or accepted by their peers , that fear of personal inadequacy can develop and a pre-teen my see no other choice than to end their life .
A way a parent can handle this is to encourage their pre-teen to write about these sometimes overwhelming feelings and help them deal with them constructively and not destructively .
Your pre-teen will come out on the other side of every fearful event .
This is another fact of life .
We enter challenging events , all of us , and come out on the other side , maybe a little bruised and scratched , but we always come out of them one way or another .
This process generally results in some degree of personal growth .
The pre-teen who is aware of this natural process , and then writes about it in their journal , is more apt to transcend fears in a more balanced manner .
Those pre-teens who do n’t are likely to struggle a little more with their fears .
WASHINGTON , April 19 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama plans to attend a memorial service on Sunday for the 29 coal miners killed in a West Virginia mine blast , the White House said on Monday .
The April 5 disaster at Massey Energy 's MEE.N Upper Big Branch mine was the deadliest U.S. mine accident in nearly 40 years .
Obama is to deliver a eulogy in honor of those who died .
The service will be held in Beckley , West Virginia .
The president last week accused Massey Energy , the largest coal producer in the Central Appalachia mountain region , of having “ put their bottom line before the safety of their workers . ”
Massey Energy has rejected suggestions that the explosion was due to a disregard for safety .
Obama called for better mine oversight nationwide .
Illinois Gambling : Important Dates
Neighboring State Gambling Overview
Illinois borders five states .
The region surrounding the Land of Lincoln represents various stances toward online gambling .
Among its neighbors , Illinois is one of the more progressive states with regard to its gambling laws .
Across the Mississippi , Iowa borders Illinois to the west .
Iowa allows sports betting both on - property and online , though users have to register at a casino in - person before they can bet via the internet .
That restriction will lift in 2021 , however .
The Hawkeye State has 10 casinos , too , giving Illinois a run for its money with a strong gambling presence .
Indiana has 15 casinos , some land - based , and some riverboat properties .
As far as online gambling goes , The Hoosier State had a headstart on Illinois , launching online sports betting in October 2019 .
With land - based gambling , pari- mutuel wagering ( both on property and online ) , and online sports betting , Indiana ’s gaming laws are similar to its neighbor’s .
One key difference : Indiana made Daily Fantasy Sports legal in 2016 .
Illinois still has yet to do so .
Illinois is still dealing with the fallout of a 2015 opinion from then - attorney general Lisa Madigan declaring DFS sites illegal .
Illinois still has no legislation in place explicitly allowing or prohibiting DFS .
See our Complete Guide To Indiana Online Sports Betting And Gambling .
Wisconsin
Wisconsin only allows tribal land - based casinos .
There are no commercial properties in the state .
When it comes to online gambling , the landscape in Illinois ’ northern neighbor is sparse .
Online gambling is illegal , and a recent attempt in 2017 to change that stance failed .
The Show - Me State wo n’t actually show you all that much when it comes to gambling .
Riverboat casinos are legal , and Missouri has more than a dozen of them .
Online gambling is neither prohibited nor allowed by Missouri law , and there have been no recent moves to change that .
Online gambling in the state remains legally risky .
Kentucky
Illinois ’ southernmost neighbor , Kentucky has a conservative gambling outlook .
The state only allows online betting on horse races or lottery games .
There are no casinos–land - based or online–in Kentucky .
That looks unlikely to change any time soon .
Kentucky gamblers can enjoy horse race wagering at one of the state ’s six race tracks .
Although not an exact neighbor in a traditional sense , Michigan lies just across the lake from Chicago and is an easy drive from the city .
Michigan took a big step in 2019 by legalizing both online casino gambling and online sports betting .
The official launch of online gambling is expected in late 2020 or early 2021 .
In the meantime , bettors can access retail casinos and retail sportsbooks in Michigan .
Check out our Complete Guide To Michigan Online Gambling .
Legal Gambling In Illinois : A Brief History
Gambling came to The Prairie State in 1927 with the advent of pari-mutuel horse race wagering , an institution that still thrives at Illinois ’ three racetracks .
Decades later in 1990 , Illinois expanded its gambling options further .
It was the second state after Iowa to legalize riverboat casinos .
The state still has riverboat casino properties .
although some are moving on land .
Since then , Illinois has made numerous changes to its laws that provide new play opportunities for gamblers in the state .
The Illinois Lottery , started in 1974 , started to sell online lottery tickets in 2012 .
A few years prior , the state enacted the Video Gaming Act , which allowed certain retail properties to offer Video Lottery Terminals ( VLTs ) .
The terminals have the same look and feel of a slot machine , but players can play multiple different games on the machines .
They use lottery math models instead of traditional slot game mathematics .
2019 brought another seismic shift to Illinois gambling law when Pritzker authorized sports betting .
Early 2020 saw the state ’s first sportsbook launch .
Illinois Gambling FAQ
would you mind if i show this to my students as an example of how to be creative with comic panels ?
Jose Molina wrote two of the best episodes of Joss Whedon 's Firefly , " Ariel " and " Trash . "
Now he 's written a new original story , in the book Firefly : Still Flying .
He talked to us about Jayne 's betrayal , and returning to the 'verse .
Advertisement
How did you get involved with Firefly ?
How did your previous experience on Dark Angel prepare you for the Whedonite creative process ?
I 'd known Tim [ Minear ] and Joss for a while from my assistant days , and was obviously eager to work with them as a writer .
When they were looking to staff Firefly , I threw my hat in the ring and luckily came away with the job .
Advertisement
I do n't know that my time on Dark Angel necessarily prepared me specifically for the Whedonite creative process , but it certainly taught me some important lessons about surviving life on a staff .
I 'd say the most important thing I learned was how to write fast .
When you 're writing on your own , you have no deadline and you can take your sweet time .
Which , of course , is the stupidest thing you can do when you 're trying to learn a craft and get a job !
When you 're on a staff , the creative train does n't stop moving .
From the moment the season starts , you have to crank out a script every 8 days until the season is over .
On Dark Angel , I learned that — when push came to shove — I could produce a solid draft in four days .
I wrote " Ariel " in four and a half .
Reading your essay in the book reminds me that during the time Firefly was coming together , Joss Whedon was also hard at work on Angel and Buffy .
How involved was he in Firefly on a day - to - day basis ?
Was it mostly left up to Tim Minear to keep the ship sailing ?
Did the bustle of having three shows going at once mean you had more freedom to take risks ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Joss was very involved , but he was spread wicked thin .
( He wrote and directed episodes of all three shows that year . )
There was a smoking patio in the courtyard at Stewart Street , and the Buffy and Angel writers would wander out at given times and ask us Firefly guys " did you get any time with Joss today ? "
We 'd be like , " yeah we got half an hour , " and they 'd shake their heads and go " lucky bastards , he loves you more than he loves us . "
We got more time with Tim than we did with Joss , but he was pretty swamped himself .
He was providing a bit of a net for Jeff Bell — who had just taken over showrunning duties on Angel — and was busy directing Firefly as well as spending a fair amount of time covering the set and rotating through post production .
Running ONE show is a massive endeavor ; running three is madness .
Advertisement
Did I mention Joss was having his first child and remodeling his house at the same time ?
No joke .
Just thinking about it right now makes me want to take a nap .
I do n't think the bustle gave us any more freedom at all .
Firefly was Joss ' baby , and he was very protective and nurturing of it .
It was n't like he birthed it , handed it off and walked away from it .
On the contrary — I think we got more attention than Buffy and Angel during our brief run just because we were the shiny new toy .
Advertisement
It 's pretty amazing that " Ariel " started out as just " Simon commissions the crew to do a heist , " when it turns into so much more .
How did you come up with all the twists , including River 's brain scans and Jayne betraying the Tams ?
Was the thing about River 's brain scans mandated from above , since it was such a crucial plot element ?
Advertisement
I had a vision that a man came to me on a flaming pie and said " you shall write an episode based on ' The Little Mermaid , ' " and four days later the script was done .
Honestly , a small notion like that is not an unusual way for an episode to start .
You ( or someone ) come up with a nugget of something interesting and then mold it into the structure of an episode .
Some stuff comes from above , some comes from the room .
Amazingly , the idea that Jayne betrays the Tams was one of the last things to go into the script .
We had the beginning ( Simon hires the crew ) , the middle ( they get caught by the Alliance ) and the end ( the Blue Gloves take over from the Alliance ) , but it was just a lot of running and jumping and chasing that did n't amount to anything .
The idea of Jayne betraying the Tams was originally rejected because it was too early in the run of the show to have the " interesting day " promised in the pilot .
At the end of the day , though , we knew the fate of the show hung in the balance ; we decided there was no point keeping a great idea in our back pockets " for later " when there might not be a later .
Advertisement
With " Ariel " and " Trash , " were there things you wanted to do that went too far ?
It seems like the humor in " Trash " goes a lot farther than some of the other scripts — were you encouraged to run with the funny , or was there stuff that people felt went too far ?
Sounds like YOU think it went too far , eh ?
You 're not seriously gonna give me notes on a script I wrote eight years ago , are you ?
Advertisement
" Trash " was an honest effort to make the network happy .
They 'd complained that they did n't want dark , moody , complicated episodes like " Out of Gas " or " Objects in Space , " they wanted fun , action - adventure , accessible Sci - Fi .
So we set out to make a real crowd - pleaser that fit in the Firefly universe .
I do n't think we ever resorted to pandering , but we set aside our high - falootin ' hats for an episode , stripped Nathan naked and wrote a good ol ' fashioned caper .
Advertisement
Actually , I did n't feel like the humor went too far in " Trash " at all - it 's one of my favorite episodes .
But I was curious as to whether the network had issues with it .
Changing the subject completely , your Wikipedia page says you got your first internship out of college by writing a Star Trek : The Next Generation spec script .
Do you remember what it was about ?
I do .
I was 21 when I wrote it , so obviously I was engaged in one existential crisis or another .
I 've always been hugely inspired by Frankenstein , so I took one of the foundations of that book — a creature raging at his creator for his miserable existence — and went to town .
( I mentioned I was 21 and a big fat whiner , right ? )
I actually even have Data recreating Frankenstein in the holodeck at one point !
It was melodramatic and amateurish , but I got to write Lore and Data and essentially do a sequel to the TNG episode " Brothers , " which is one of my favorites .
Advertisement
I love your story in the book , even though it 's a bit of a downer .
How did you come up with those fates for the characters ?
Did you talk to Joss Whedon or anybody else about where Mal or Jayne might end up ?
I did n't talk to Joss or anybody about it , and did n't even pitch the idea to Titan .
I did n't want anybody to give me notes !
Advertisement
In terms of the story being a downer ...
I actually do n't think it 's a downer at all .
I think it 's heroic .
You ever read Ambrose Bierce ?
Now THAT guy 's a downer .
Advertisement
The idea that the events of the movie , Serenity , could have transformed our Big Damn Heroes into celebrities is a really fascinating one .
Where did that come from ?
It made sense to me .
You look at how celebrities are treated nowadays and it boggles the mind .
You do n't even have to DO anything to get hounded by the media .
For crying out loud , you have octuplets and you 'll have helicopters circling your house .
Imagine if a person single - handedly brought down a global institution ... say , the Catholic Church or the United Nations ... that person would never breathe a private sigh again .
Your life as you know it would be over .
It makes you NOT want to be a hero .
That 's what really drew me to the idea .
Advertisement
Also , the " celebrity " thing gets to the heart of the society and pop culture in the Alliance , something the show barely delved into .
I feel like " Ariel " is maybe the only episode of the show where we even get to glimpse how people in the Alliance actually live .
Did you do a lot of thinking about how media culture and everyday life in the Alliance might function , either while working on the show or while writing this epilogue ?
Everyday life in the " grip " of the Alliance is something that informs every single episode , so it 's something that we talked about a lot .
Our guys live on the rim of the Alliance , and the minute they accept Simon and River they are fugitives , so everyday life is something that 's present in their lives simply because they choose not to have it .
Every time the crew lands on a planet , they 're confronted with a life they can't have — Kaylee 's dress in " Shindig , " Simon 's career in " Ariel . "
Even something as simple as picking up mail in " The Message " is dangerous .
Advertisement
I never thought much about pop culture 's place in the Firefly universe , but the idea of the media is something that you 're going to run into when you 're dealing with an oppressive regime like the Alliance .
Freedom of Speech does n't really exist in the 'verse , and you have to assume that whatever passes for the media is just a tool of the government .
Also , " Take the Sky " is n't an epilogue .
Unless you want it to be .
Images from Firefly : Still Flying , from Titan Books .
All images by Danny Nero , except the top one of Morena Baccarin courtesy 20th Century Fox , and the " Serenity " storyboards below , by Charles Ratteray .
Above is the video of the arrest of one Brennan Hamilton -- which shows once again that you can never underestimate the pettiness and downright stupidity of some members ( not most , mind you ) of the Fort Lauderdale Police Department .
You 'll see in the video that the 26 - year - old Hamilton walks up calmly to a Fort Lauderdale police officer who is identified as Jeff Overcash .
When Hamilton asks for Overcash 's name and badge number , the officer immediately puts the cuffs on him and arrests him .
Thanks to JAABlog , we have the back story from Hamilton 's attorney , Brad Cohen :
" We have several witnesses for the incident prior to the arrest .
The facts are essentially the train was going past the intersection , on SW 2nd Avenue , Fort Lauderdale .
My client , Brennen Hamilton , was waiting with his wife and friends for the train to pass .
My client leaned up against the rear of the police car .
Officer Overcash approached my client and took him by the arm and said ' Get your ass off the car .
How would you like it if I leaned my ass on your car ? '
My client remained silent and rolled his eyes .
The Officer said ' Really tough guy , you have something to say to me ? '
My client
remained silent .
Officer Overcash then said ' Yeah , that 's right tough guy , you 've got nothing to say . '
The train passed and my client and his wife went to his car and called Fort Lauderdale Police , to complain about the treatment he just received .
There was n't a Lt. or a Sgt. working at that time , so he left his number .
During the call he was asked for the Officer 's name and badge number .
He did not know that information .
After getting off the phone he went back to Officer Overcash and asked him if he could please give him his badge number and name .
That is where the video is recorded .
You can see my client approach calmly and request his badge and name .
Without hesitation Officer Overcash immediately puts my client in cuffs , and ultimately charges him with resisting without violence and disorderly intoxication .
My client was not intoxicated whatsoever .
He is a licensed recovery agent and possesses all of the proper State licenses .
We called Internal Affairs today and left a message at 1 pm , no call back as of yet .
I am preparing my notice of investigation pursuant to Florida Statute and calling SAO Case Filing tomorrow to discuss the charges ... "
----------------------------------------------------------------
The video speaks for itself .
Hamilton is obviously arrested because he had the audacity to ask for the officer 's badge number .
Overcash says he 's arresting him for what he did " previously " and then says something to Hamilton 's wife about trespassing on FEC ( Florida East Coast Railway ) property .
Unfortunately for Overcash , his explanation makes no sense .
If Hamilton did something to warrant an arrest prior to the videotaped request for his badge number , Overcash should have arrested him then .
He did n't .
He was prompted to do it by Hamilton 's question .
The arrest is garbage and it will be thrown out .
Just to be clear , I love good cops .
I have good cops who are sources of mine .
Hell , my grandfather was the sheriff of his town .
That 's one reason this kind of amateur - hour abuse gets under my skin .
Arizona has seen the sharpest decline in undocumented population of any state , losing 18 percent , or more than 100,000 , of its illegal immigrants in 2008 , according to a new government report .
Experts agree that the decrease in Arizona 's undocumented immigrant population was fueled by the staggering loss of jobs the state experienced during the recession , and that to lesser extent immigration crackdowns also contributed to the decline .
But the situation does not simply mean a certain number of people have left the country .
In any given year , some new illegal immigrants arrive in the U.S. and others leave .
Experts agree that the number of new illegal immigrants entering the country is in decline .
But there is disagreement over whether the number of people leaving has increased .
The question is important as the Obama administration and Congress prepare to tackle the divisive issue of comprehensive immigration reform .
If more immigrants than normal have departed , that could boost the argument of those who support more immigration enforcement , such as employer crackdowns .
The statistics show illegal immigrants will leave the country , they say , if government makes it harder for them to get work .
But if departures have not increased , the decline is simply because new immigrants are n't coming to replace those who leave .
This could aid those who support immigration reform .
They say the country 's large illegal - immigrant population will remain and must be addressed , because when the economy returns , so will more migrants .
The numbers
Arizona 's undocumented immigrant population fell from 560,000 in January 2008 to 460,000 in January 2009 , according to newly released estimates by the Department of Homeland Security .
The undocumented population is difficult to count .
Most illegal immigrants either entered the country illegally , or stayed after their visas expired .
DHS relied on immigration , visa and other data on foreign - born residents from several government agencies to come up with its estimates , including the Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , Citizenship and Immigration Services , and the State Department .
No other state in the nation experienced such a large percentage decrease in its undocumented population , according to the report .
In Florida and New York , the size of the undocumented population fell by 14 percent , while California 's fell by nearly 9 percent .
Nationally , the undocumented immigrant population decreased 7 percent during the same period , from 11.6 million to 10.8 million .
The decline in the undocumented population , both in Arizona and nationally , comes following a huge surge in the illegal immigrant population that had continued for most of a decade .
Between January 2000 and January 2008 , Arizona 's undocumented population grew 70 percent , according to the DHS report .
Nationally , it grew 37 percent .
The reasons
Experts point to two factors for the huge decrease in Arizona 's undocumented population : the economy and stepped - up immigration enforcement .
" I do n't think it 's any big mystery .
It 's the economy dropping off more than anything else , but I think enforcement also played a role , " said Erik Lee , associate director of the North American Center for Transborder Studies , a think tank at Arizona State University .
Arizona had a net loss of 261,000 jobs during the recession , which started in December 2007 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
That is 9.8 percent of the state 's workforce , the second - largest percentage in the U.S. behind Nevada .
Immigrants , both legal and illegal , are largely concentrated in the construction , manufacturing and hospitality industries , which were particularly hard hit .
The state 's construction industry lost more than 78,000 jobs during the recession , a 37 percent drop , according to data from the Arizona Department of Commerce .
Arizona also has cracked down heavily on illegal immigration .
The crackdowns include crime sweeps and jail immigration screenings by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , and a statewide employer sanctions law , which took effect in January 2008 .
The law requires employers to use a federal program to electronically verify whether new employees are legally eligible to work in the U.S.
It also has the power to suspend or revoke the business licenses of employers caught knowingly or intentionally hiring illegal workers .
Arizona " has had a very bad job market and it has had a very robust enforcement scene , with the hiring law , and Sheriff Joe , " said Steven Camarota , research director at the Center for Immigration Studies , a think tank in Washington , D.C. , that favors reductions in immigration .
At the same time , the federal government has deployed thousands of additional Border Patrol agents along the U.S. - Mexico border , including hundreds more in Arizona , erected hundreds of miles of fencing and barriers , and deported thousands of illegal immigrants from the U.S .
Coming or going
Jeffrey Passel , a senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center , a nonpartisan research center in Washington , D.C , said the flow of illegal immigrants goes up and down depending on the availability of jobs .
Tighter border security and stepped - up immigration enforcement also have made it more difficult , dangerous and expensive to cross the border illegally .
But Passel said there is no evidence that either the economic downturn or stepped - up immigration enforcement has spurred an increase in the number of Mexicans returning to their country from the U.S. Mexicans make up about 60 percent of the nation 's undocumented population , and the majority of the illegal immigrants in Arizona .
There is strong evidence , however , that the number of immigrants coming to the U.S from Mexico , has plummeted , Passel said .
During 2008 and 2009 , about 636,000 Mexicans came to the United States , a 38 percent decrease from 2006 and 2007 , according to a July Pew Hispanic Center report co-authored by Passel .
During the same period , the number of Mexicans returning to their country remained roughly the same , from 470,000 to 433,000 , a 9 percent decrease the report said .
" The current recession has had a harsh impact on employment of Latino immigrants , raising the question of whether an increased number of Mexican - born residents are choosing to return home .
This new Hispanic Center analysis finds no support for that hypothesis in government data from the United States or Mexico , " the report said .
Carlos Velez - Ibanez , an ASU anthropology professor and chair of the transborder studies department , said based on anecdotal evidence most undocumented immigrants who left Arizona moved to other states , not back to Mexico or other countries .
Camarota agrees that the number of illegal immigrants from Mexico coming to the U.S. has plummeted .
But he believes the number of illegal immigrants returning home is also growing , because of the economy and immigration enforcement .
According to a report Camarota co-authored in July , the number of " likely " illegal immigrants returning home skyrocketed from about 210,000 a year in the middle of the decade to about 550,000 a year toward the end .
" They could n't just be moving " to other states , Camarota said .
" There has been a very substantial increase in out migration " coupled with falling in - migration .
Economics
It is difficult to gauge how the loss of 100,000 undocumented immigrants in 2008 affected the state 's economy , said Lee , at ASU 's North American Center for Transborder Studies .
On one hand , the loss of so many people so quickly hurts the economy because it means fewer consumers buying goods and paying taxes .
But it also means fewer people using government and public services .
" When you have an exodus , you are going to have a whole set of complex consequences , " Lee said .
Doris Meissner , an immigration policy expert at the Migration Policy Institute in Washington , D.C. , and the former head of the Immigration and Naturalization Service , said despite the recent decline in the undocumented immigrant population " we certainly still have a very large immigration problem , a large number of people without status , and a broken immigration system . "
Congress is expected to address immigration reform later this year .
The decline in the undocumented immigrant population could cut both ways during the debate , she said .
" On one hand , the rate has slowed , so theoretically it provides an opportunity to fix the system before the economy starts to pick up again so that immigration reforms can be part of the recovery , " she said .
On the other hand , a legalization program for the undocumented and a temporary worker program , two provisions viewed as key to comprehensive immigration reform , will be hard to sell with so many Americans still out of work , she said .
Staff reporter Ronald J. Hansen contributed to this article .
SPECIAL ISSUE 2020 : ON THE PHILOSOPHY OF COMPUTER GAMES ( Edited by Jan-Hendrik Bakels and Serjoscha Wiemer )
OAKLAND , Calif . –
As the health care reform debate came down to the wire this week , supporters of community health clinics rallied March 17 in California communities – Bakersfield , Stockton , Merced , Orange County and others – urging passage of legislation now before the U.S. House of Representatives .
In Oakland , demonstrators gathered for a lunch - hour rally in the heart of the Fruitvale , an area with many Mexican American and other Latino residents , many of whom depend on La Clinica de la Raza for their health care .
“ By the end of this week we could have health care reform .
But it ’s on us , because we ’re the ones who have to demand it , ” Jane Garcia , CEO of Clinica de la Raza , told the crowd .
During Congressional “ dillydallying ” over reform in recent months , she said , 400,000 more California children have lost their health coverage , while the total number of uninsured Californians has risen from 6 million to 8 million .
Of opponents ’ claims that Americans do n’t want reform , Garcia added , “ Last time I checked , Oakland , Alameda County and California were part of America .
And guess what ?
We want health care reform and we want it now ! ”
Patrick Romano , California state campaign director for Health Care for America Now , pointed out that community clinics “ are going to be instrumental in the transition with the health care reform , whether it ’s caring for the newly insured , whether it ’s taking care of those folks who wo n’t get insurance right away ” as reform proceeds toward full implementation in 2014 .
“ We ca n’t take anything for granted , ” he warned .
“ We ’ve had numerous timelines going back to last August .
Call your members of Congress , even if you ’re absolutely certain they will vote yes . ”
Under the measure before Congress , not only will 31 million uninsured people gain access to health coverage , but 15,000 new primary care providers will become available around the country , Carmela Castellano - Garcia , who heads the California Primary Care Association of community clinics , told the crowd .
“ It ’s time to put people over politics , people over health insurance companies . ”
In a conversation after the rally , Castellano - Garcia said billions of dollars are expected to become available under the reform , to expand community clinics throughout the country .
Many of the over 1 million uninsured Californians now receiving care at community health centers will become insured , she said , with “ wonderful ” results both for them and for the clinics which will gain added income .
“ In the last six months , the number of uninsured patients we see at La Clinica de la Raza has soared by 32 percent , ” said Jane Garcia .
“ Many people we see are newly uninsured – teachers , construction workers , a woman in her 36th week of pregnancy . ”
Garcia said the community clinics ’ emphasis on wellness and prevention will also bring savings to a reformed health care system .
Also addressing the rally were Martin Waukazoo of the Native American Health Center , former state Assembly Majority Leader Wilma Chan , and Jeff Harry of Organizing for America .
Demonstrators held signs in Chinese , Vietnamese , Spanish , Korean and other languages as well as English .
Some signs urged covering new documented immigrants under the reform .
The California rallies were organized by Health Care for America Now , Organizing for America and the California Federation of Labor .
Photo : Marilyn Bechtel
Police in Chile say an apparent suicide caused another death as well when a woman jumping from a tall building landed on a cleaning lady below .
Police say Josefina Venizela jumped from the window of the 12th floor of an office building in Antofogasta , in northern Chile .
She fell 40 metres and landed on 56 - year - old Luisa Almendares , who happened to be taking out the trash for a bank branch in the patio of the building next door .
Chile 's El Comercio newspaper reported that bank employees heard a loud sound and rushed out to see what happened .
They then saw the two bodies lying on the pavement , the newspaper said .
The mother of four , with five grandchildren , was just 40 minutes from finishing her shift .
Police say both women died instantly on Wednesday .
Galloway Forest Park in Scotland has been highlighted as a Dark Sky Park with very little light pollution , and one of the best places to view the night sky in Britain .
Here we suggest a few more places , both abroad and close to home , where you can see the galaxies above at their most dazzling .
But Russia has warned that it may pull out of the new treaty if it feels threatened by the new US plan , under which Poland may still host an anti-missile system .
DHAKA , April 13 ( Reuters ) -
The government in energy - starved Bangladesh has given approval for a deal with Russia to build a 1,000 - megawatt nuclear power plant , officials said on Tuesday .
“ The approval was accorded at a cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina late on Monday , ” Hasina ’s press secretary Abul Kalam Azad , told Reuters .
He did not say when the deal would be signed .
Bangladesh plans to set up the nuclear power plants at Rooppur , 200 km ( 125 miles ) northwest of the capital Dhaka , to help deal with growing power shortages .
Officials from both sides recently sorted out terms and conditions and the two countries clinched an initial agreement on the project last year , energy officials said .
The plant is expected to cost up to $ 2 billion and to begin generating electricity by 2014 , the ministry of power , energy and mineral resources said .
Growing concern over power shortages led Bangladesh to consider nuclear as natural gas reserves are fast depleting and most coalfields remain unexploited .
The country has nearly 60 power plants , mostly decades old and all fuelled by gas and coal .
A power official said the country of 150 million experiences daily power shortfalls of 2,000 megawatts .
Peak - hour demand stands at about 5,500 megawatts .
( Reporting by Nizam Ahmed ; Editing by Ron Popeski )
What is Computer Graphics ? –
Many of us were amazed by realistic feeling and experience used by movies , animation , and videos games .
But do you have any idea what ’s the concept and principles of computer graphics are made of ?
Picture – is only an artwork that resembles an individual or a physical thing .
This representation of a physical thing or person could be either two dimensional or three dimensional .
Optical devices such as mirrors , lenses , cameras are utilized to capture these images .
A digital picture is a representation of a 2 - dimensional image in binary format , which is , as a sequence of 1s and 0s .
Raster and vector graphics are the 2 kinds of digital images .
However , the raster graphics are the most frequently used .
3D projection – This sort of projection is used broadly and most preferably in CG , drafting , and technology .
It ’s a system of mapping 3 points .
At present , the only airplane is used for displaying data .
Rendering – can be really a way employing a computer application to automatically process a photo - realistic or non-photorealistic image in the 2D or 3D version .
The version includes view , geometry , texture , and lighting etc .
The image might be described as a raster images image or electronic image .
To make the final picture output signal , this procedure is employed for its calculating effects within a video editing document .
Ray tracing – Using this technique an image could be generated by tracing the path of the light ray through the pixel in an image plane .
It has the ability to create images with extreme photorealism at a greater computational price .
Shading –
It pertains to depicting examples or thickness in 3D units in distinct shadow levels .
There are lots of methods of planting at which the vertical lines have been used a criss - cross pattern to color a room .
Texture mapping –
This approach is used for incorporating surface texture , color or some other detail into a 3D model or a computer - generated picture .
A texture map can be mapped into the surface of a shape , state polygon .
http://freedomwatchonfox.com
Yes , he apparently is that stupid .
He actually thought that the people who were interpreting the bill for him were acting in good faith .
The pro-life Democrat said in the column for the magazine ’s May 17 issue that he has “ two longstanding personal convictions ” : that health care is a right and federal funds should not pay for abortions .
He maintained that President Obama ’s executive order sufficiently safeguards against the use of federal money to pay for abortions in health care reform .
Obama had assured him that the executive order is “ ironclad , ” he said .
President Obama , Stupak and his group of pro-life Democrats worked out a last minute deal in March that exchanged the congressmen ’s votes in favor of the health care bill for an executive order stating that no tax dollars be used for abortions .
Stupak argued that at that point the health care bill would have passed even if they voted against it .
He said his coalition ’s agreement with the president was meant to “ add pro-life protections ” on the legislation .
Pro-life groups , however , denounced the deal , arguing that an executive order does not have the force of law and that Stupak betrayed the movement at the most critical time .
“ We need statutory law , ” Stupak recalled the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops telling him after hearing about the deal .
The Michigan lawmaker , who has served in Congress for nearly two decades , told the USCCB that President Abraham Lincoln used an executive order to free the slaves and President George W. Bush used one to block embryonic stem cell research .
Image caption
Only a tiny percentage of French Muslim women wear the veil
The French cabinet has approved a bill making it illegal to wear in public clothes designed to hide the face .
The legislation amounts to a ban on the full - face Muslim veil .
Women wearing the veil in public could be fined , and men judged to have forced them to do so could be imprisoned .
Parliament needs to approve the bill and France 's top legal advisory body has warned it may be unenforcable .
Parliament passed a non-binding resolution last week condemning the full Islamic face veil as " an affront to the nation 's values of dignity and equality " .
A law against conspicuous religious symbols effectively banned headscarves from state primary and secondary schools in 2004 .
Belgian move
The proposed ban has sparked intense debate about religious freedom in a secular society , and the position of Muslims in France .
The bill puts France on course to become the second European country after Belgium to declare the wearing of such veils illegal in public places .
Opponents of the ban say it could alienate and stigmatise France 's large Muslim minority .
The country 's highest administrative body - the State Council - suggested it may violate the French constitution as well as the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights .
But it added that rules requiring faces to be uncovered in public places could be justified for security reasons and to combat fraud .
There are several types of headscarves and veils for Muslim women - those that cover the face being the niqab and the burka .
In France , the niqab is the version most commonly worn .
The interior ministry says only 1,900 women wear full - face veils in France , out of a Muslim population of more than five million .
Desert storm :
Huge cloud of sand descends on Chinese village
Advertisement
Like a scene from a Hollywood disaster movie , a towering cloud of sand dwarfs the rows of uniform houses as it descends on a small village in central China .
Residents hid inside their homes with their windows and doors locked shut as the dust storm swept through the region advancing 70ft a minute .
On the move : A massive sand storm hits a village in Golmud in the Qinghai Province .
The region is near the edge of the Gobi desert
Day turned to night as tons of dust temporarily blocked out the sun and reduced visibility to around 600 ft .
But suddenly the storm calmed and the mile - high cloud settled back to Earth again , leaving villagers with a major clean - up operation .
Golmud is home to 200,000 people with 140,000 living in the city centre .
The new industrial city is built on a flat expanse close to the borders of the Gobi desert , which is the largest desert in Asia .
Although not an ideal place to live , tens of thousands of people have relocated there to work at the salt lakes in the region .
But the prospect of a good job and lots of living space comes at a price .
Every spring strong winds blow across the Gobi creating huge columns of dust and sand , which are then dumped nearby .
The dust can cause frequent power blackouts , transport delays and respiratory illness .
These buildings did n't need their camouflage paint as the sand quickly hid the village from view in mid May
The massive sand storm swept along at 70ft a minute
The Gobi sand even travels as far as Beijing , with nearly a million tons of desert blown into the city each year .
In March this year China 's capital turned orange during a particularly ferocious dust storm .
More than a quarter of China - around one million square miles - is covered in sand with the Gobi covering northern parts of the country .
The bad news for the government is that the desert is growing despite their best efforts to contain it .
The process of desertification has been worsened by over - grazing , deforestation , urban sprawl and an increasingly erratic climate .
The Chinese Academy of Sciences estimates that the number of sandstorms has jumped six - fold in the past 50 years to two dozen a year .
Around 80 per cent of them occur between March and May .
A Canadian photographer says the blind lack access to our " much sexualised " world , so she has decided to create a new kind of pornography , with tactile images , the first designed especially for the blind .
" When I had the idea , I started looking around and I realised there were no nude books out there for the blind , " the Canadian artist , Lisa Murphy , said .
" We live in a society that is much sexualised - just look at advertising .
" But if you can't see then you are probably not aware of how sexualised it is .
" And I believe that vision - impaired people have been [ wrongly ] left out of the experience .
" Or course , anyone can find it erotic , not just the vision - impaired . "
The book , entitled Tactile Mind , features pages made of thermoform plastic - the same material used for Braille .
Each page contains raised images of naked men and women in various poses , some wearing masks or in suggestive bondage , along with titillating phrases in Braille .
Murphy photographed friends in costumes and masks , in part to convince them to participate .
" It 's so much easier to get someone to take off their clothes in front of a camera if they 're non-identifiable , " she said .
She is herself also featured in the book .
" I could n't expect anyone to do it if I was n't a part of it too . "
She then transformed the pictures into fine sculptures - a process that took more than 50 hours per image .
Murphy , a former volunteer at the Canadian National Institute for the Blind , said she picked up the necessary skills for the unique book by transforming images of animals for children 's educational books .
Several visually - impaired people who reviewed the book for various Canadian and US media suggested it was interesting , but not titillating .
" Some people find it erotic , some think it 's high fetish , and some have called it pornographic , but for me pornographic is intercourse .
So for me , it was a ' nudie book ' , " Murphy said .
- AFP
Müller cells refocus the red and blue light , delivering them directly to the same cone cell ( Image : Jens Grosche )
Editorial :
The eye was evolution ’s great invention
IT LOOKS wrong , but the strange , “ backwards ” structure of the vertebrate retina actually improves vision .
Certain cells act as optical fibres , and rather than being just a workaround to make up for the eye ’s peculiarities , they help filter and focus light , making images clearer and keeping colours sharp .
Although rods and cones are responsible for capturing light , they are in a curious position .
Hidden at the base of the retina , they are covered …
Yesterday , the internet kicked up a storm of rumors that Definitive Jux , the hugely influential indie rap label that rapper / producer El - P launched a decade ago , was folding .
Last night ,
El posted a long statement on the label 's website to clarify things .
Def Jux is n't shutting down , exactly , but it is going " on hiatus " , and El will soon step down as the label 's artistic director .
According to El , the label wo n't shut down completely : " Of course we 'll still have our website , we will still sell our catalog , merch and more as well as bring you news and updates on all our projects and artists . "
But once the label releases a few forthcoming albums , " As a traditional record label DEF JUX will effectively be put on hiatus .
We are not closing , but we are changing .
The process is already underway , and the last several months ( for those wondering what the hell we 've been up to ) have been spent dealing with the technical aspects of wrapping up the label in it 's current form and re-imagining our collective and individual futures . "
Definitive Jux may evolve into something other than a traditional record label , but El - P is not yet sure what form it might take : " I also see newer , smarter , more interesting things on the horizon for the way art and commerce intersect , and as an artist and an entrepreneur , I 'm eager to see them unfold .
The evolution of this industry is , in my opinion , exciting , inevitable and it would be nice to see the DEFINITIVE JUX brand be a part of it .
In other words , maybe we can turn this hoopty in to a hovercraft . "
Before shutting down in its current form , Def Jux will release King of Hearts , a posthumous album from rapper and S.A. Smash / Weatherman / Central Services member Camu Tao , who died of lung cancer in 2008 .
There are also plans for a remix compilation , a 10th - anniversary retrospective album , and " some other goodies " before the hiatus starts .
Even if Def Jux finds a way to thrive in some new form , this could mark a momentous loss for indie rap in general .
Over the past ten years , Definitive Jux released records by El - P , Cannibal Ox , Aesop Rock , Cage , Mr. Lif , RJD2 , Murs , and more .
Def Jux had a massive impact on the sound of indie rap .
El - P's squalid , discordant production , which in many ways defined the label 's sound , marked a huge departure from the dusky boom - bap of the label 's underground rap predecessors .
You can hear its echoes in much of the past decade 's underground rap .
And Def Jux was also the rare record label that had an identity beyond whatever artists happened to be signed to the label at any given time .
The label 's records were elaborately designed and packaged , and its artists tended to group together on package tours .
I 've heard club crowds chant the label 's name , a true rarity for any record label in any genre .
El 's statement could mark the end of an era .
It 's a fitting congruity that the simplest way to gauge Facebook 's current woes comes via that other unchallenged behemoth of the internet , Google .
Type " How do I ... " into the search engine and one of the first suggestions it comes up with continues : " ... delete my Facebook account ? "
Today it was the ninth top - ranked search term , bringing more than 18 m results .
Since it was devised a mere half - dozen years ago by Mark Zuckerberg and three Harvard contemporaries , the social networking site has grown at an astonishing speed , seeing off once - powerful competitors such as Bebo and MySpace .
It has also attracted controversies , notably over the issue of a " panic button " for child users .
But this week Facebook has experienced perhaps the closest thing to a crisis in its brief history , with reports of an emergency staff meeting at its California headquarters about privacy issues .
Criticism has been mounting since a revamp of the site in December meant users ' profiles became publicly accessible by default .
Retreating back into anonymity also became an increasingly tortuous process , with profiles now featuring 50 separate privacy settings and 170 options .
This was followed in March by more changes , including plans to automatically share users ' information with outside websites .
While this has the potential to hugely boost Facebook 's revenues through targeted marketing , it has angered campaigners , including the American Civil Liberties Union .
This month EU data protection officials wrote to Facebook , calling the privacy changes " unacceptable " .
But what seems to have worried the company are calls for Facebook users to wipe their accounts .
" Facebook is officially ' out ' , as in uncool , " was the verdict of another California tech pioneer , Jason Calacanis , chief executive of the question - and - answer website Mahalo , calling for a boycott of the " not trustworthy " site .
In a telling echo of Facebook 's origin , in April four New York University students started a web appeal for $ 10,000 ( £ 7,000 ) to finance a summer holiday creating an open - source alternative to Facebook , called Diaspora .
Within a fortnight they had $ 100,000 .
While Facebook disputes accounts of a crisis meeting – it was , the company says , a regular staff discussion – it admits the furore has stung .
Elliot Schrage , Facebook 's vice - president of communications , concedes that the privacy changes have been handled badly .
He said : " The most important thing for our business is trust .
People trust Facebook with their most personal information – the photographs of their family , how they 're feeling , the things they care about .
What distresses me most is when people believe our changes are born from malevolence or sneakiness .
It 's our failure that people do n't understand what we 're doing with the data .
That 's a mistake in communications . "
But could this see Facebook going the way of Bebo , dropping out of fashion in a descent as dizzying as its rise ?
Industry experts believe this is unlikely .
Ian Maude , from tech analysis firm Enders , said : " They 're going to announce shortly they 're over 500 million users .
That 's 40 % of everybody on the internet on the face of the planet .
Facebook accounts for about 8 % of all time spent online .
It 's a runaway train , it 's a phenomenon . "
A YOUNG man has died and another was in hospital with serious injuries after riding a wheelie bin down a long , steep street on the NSW central coast at the weekend .
The practice , in which a wheelie bin is laid on its side and then ridden down the street , is well documented on YouTube .
Sometimes the bins have modifications such as handled bars for steering ; others are cut away to make seats .
Some video clips have children riding them .
The 22 - year - old Umina man died after riding a wheelie bin down Lone Pine Avenue , which runs on to Kingsview Drive , at Umina Beach in the early hours of yesterday morning .
Police believe that he and another man rode the bin down the street , lying one on top of the other , then struck the gutter and were thrown into a small tree .
Another man had gone down the hill on another bin before realising his friends had not reached the bottom .
WALL STREET JOURNAL : Prof. Panarin , 50 years old , is not a fringe figure .
A former KGB analyst , he is dean of the Russian Foreign Ministry ’s academy for future diplomats .
He is invited to Kremlin receptions , lectures students , publishes books , and appears in the media as an expert on U.S. - Russia relations .
Mr. Panarin posits , in brief , that mass immigration , economic decline , and moral degradation will trigger a civil war next fall and the collapse of the dollar .
Around the end of June 2010 , or early July , he says , the U.S. will break into six pieces — with Alaska reverting to Russian control .
He based the forecast on classified data supplied to him by FAPSI analysts , he says .
He predicts that economic , financial and demographic trends will provoke a political and social crisis in the U.S.
When the going gets tough , he says , wealthier states will withhold funds from the federal government and effectively secede from the union .
Social unrest up to and including a civil war will follow .
The U.S. will then split along ethnic lines , and foreign powers will move in .
California will form the nucleus of what he calls “ The Californian Republic , ” and will be part of China or under Chinese influence .
Texas will be the heart of “ The Texas Republic , ” a cluster of states that will go to Mexico or fall under Mexican influence .
Washington , D.C. , and New York will be part of an “ Atlantic America ” that may join the European Union .
Canada will grab a group of Northern states Prof. Panarin calls “ The Central North American Republic . ”
Hawaii , he suggests , will be a protectorate of Japan or China , and Alaska will be subsumed into Russia .
MORE
This entry was posted on Sunday , March 14th , 2010 at 6:36 pm and is filed under News .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Der Bundestagspräsident hat nach Informationen des Spiegels ein Prüfverfahren gegen die FDP eingeleitet .
Hintergrund sind eigenartige Zahlungen des Internetportals politikerscreen.de aus dem Jahr 2006 , das damals zum Netzwerk der Lobby - Agentur EUTOP gehörte .
Die Verbindungen der Agentur zur FDP und ihrem Vorsitzenden Guido Westerwelle lohnen einen genaueren Blick und sind noch nicht alle ausgeleuchtet .
Die gestückelten Zahlungen
Laut Spiegel hatte die Firma ProLogo GmbH im Oktober 2006 der politikerscreen .de AG insgesamt sechs „ Sponsorenbeiträge “ für FDP - Veranstaltungen in Rechnung gestellt .
ProLogo gehörte damals zu 80 Prozent der FDP .
Die Rechnungsbeträge ergaben zusammen genau 100.000 Euro , die Rechnungen waren am gleichen Tag ausgestellt worden – vor den gesponserten Veranstaltungen .
Diese Umstände haben die Prüfung wegen des Verdachts einer illegalen Parteienfinanzierung begründet .
Die Lobby - Agentur hinter politikerscreen
politikerscreen.de gehörte damals zu der Lobbyagentur EUTOP .
Der Gründer und Geschäftsführer Klemens Joos kommt aus dem CSU - Umfeld und gehörte früher dem Vorstand der Jungen Union in Bayern an .
Die Agentur gilt als eher konservativ und gut vernetzt in der Union .
Ende der 90er Jahre spendete EUTOP 110.000 Euro an die CDU und 58.000 Euro an die CSU .
Über die Kunden ist nur wenig bekannt : u.a. gehörten dazu die Vereinigung der Bayerischen Wirtschaft ( vbw ) , die Deutsche Telekom und Porsche .
Das Internetportal politikerscreen ( später polixea ) präsentierte sich als Informationsdienst für Politik samt einer speziellen Suchmaschine für politische Inhalte .
Diese Suchmaschine war zeitweise auf den Webseiten verschiedener Parteien , Abgeordneter und sogar Ministerien eingebunden .
Dass polixea über eine gemeinsame Holding mit einer Lobby - Agentur verbunden war , dürfte den meisten Nutzerinnen der Webseite verborgen geblieben sein .
Unklar ist , in welcher Form politikerscreen auch den Kunden von EUTOP zugute kam .
Aber der Verdacht liegt nahe , dass es sich dabei um eine Plattform zur Flankierung der Lobbyarbeit von EUTOP gehandelt hat – auch wenn Joos gegenüber LobbyControl betont hat , dass die Webseite unabhängig von EUTOP gearbeitet habe .
Auf jeden Fall bot die Plattform die Gelegenheit , Politiker zu Gastbeiträgen einzuladen und damit in Kontakt zu treten .
Und es gab Überschneidungen zwischen den Kunden von EUTOP und politikerscreen .
Westerwelles Gastbeitrag
Beispielsweise schrieb der FDP - Vorsitzende Guido Westerwelle im September 2006 – einen Monat vor den ominösen Sponsoringbeiträgen – einen Gastbeitrag für politikerscreen und argumentierte darin gegen eine weitreichende Regulierung des neuen VDSL - Breitbandnetzes der Deutschen Telekom .
Die Telekom - Tochter T - Online war Kunde von EUTOP und hatte einen Content - Vertrag zur Abnahme von Inhalten von politikerscreen .
Guido Westerwelle erhielt außerdem mehrfach Honorare als Referent der SpeakerAgency , die damals auch zum Firmengeflecht des Lobbyisten Joos gehörte .
Er hat dafür jeweils mehr als 7.000 Euro erhalten – die genaue Summe ist unbekannt , da die Nebeneinkünfte - Regeln des Deutschen Bundestages zu grob und nach oben offen sind .
Weitere Informationen zu dem Fall und zu Westerwelles Nebeneinkünften – er gehörte zu den Spitzenverdienern unter den Politikern – bietet der Artikel der Süddeutschen : „ Westerwelle oder : Die Hand , die nimmt „ .
politikerscreen.de und Boersch
Beim Spiegel heißt es die politikerscreen .de AG firmiere heute als PMI Portal AG .
Das ist richtig , aber nur die Hälfte der Geschichte .
Die Webseite politikerscreen.de wurde Anfang 2007 in Polixea umbenannt und in der Folge von der Polixea Deutschland GmbH getragen .
Diese Firma wird 2008 verkauft – und zwar ausgerechnet an die Mountain Super Angel AG , einer Firma aus dem Netzwerk von Westerwelles ( informellen ) Wirtschaftsberater , Clemens Boersch .
Als neuer Geschäftsführer der Polixea Deutschland GmbH wird im Juli 2008 Jörg Arntz eingetragen , damals Verwaltungsrat der Mountain Super Angel AG und ehemaliger Büroleiter von Westerwelle .
Nach dem Regierungswechsel 2009 wechselte Arntz ins Auswärtige Amt und leitet dort die Arbeitseinheit « 06 Koordinierung » .
Mehr zu dem Netzwerk um Boersch und die Verbindungen zu Westerwelle siehe u.a. die Financial Times Deutschland , Stern oder Süddeutsche Online
PMI Portal AG – wer steckt heute dahinter ?
Die politikerscreen.de AG wechselte 2007 den Namen in PMI Portal AG .
Mit der Umbenennung wechselte auch der Vorstand : Klemens Joos , sein Partner Bernd Keßler und der von ihnen angeworbene ehemalige Regierungssprecher Uwe - Karsten Heye verlassen den Aufsichtsrat der Firma .
Der neue Aufsichtsrat und der neue Vorstand kommen seit April 2007 alle von der Firma LKC , die Wirtschaftsprüfer , Rechtsanwälte und Steuerberater bündelt .
Ende 2006 verfügt die Firma laut Jahresabschluss noch über Aktiva von knapp 1,3 Mio. Euro – insbesondere der Posten „ Kassenbestand , Bundesbankguthaben , Guthaben bei Kreditinstituten und Schecks “ liegt bei über einer Million Euro .
Bis Ende 2008 sinkt dieser Posten auf unter 300.000 Euro .
Stellt sich die Frage , ob LKC die Firma tatsächlich gekauft oder im Auftrag eines Dritten die Abwicklung der Firma übernommen hat – und wohin das Geld geflossen ist .
Fazit
Es ist gut , dass der Bundestagspräsident nun die Sponsoringzahlungen der politikerscreen .de AG prüft .
Aber damit ist das ganze Geflecht rund um die Lobbyagentur EUTOP noch lange nicht ausgeleuchtet .
Insbesondere die FDP und ihr Parteivorsitzender Guido Westerwelle müssen ihre Verbindungen zu Joos und seiner Lobby - Agentur EUTOP offenlegen .
Zugleich zeigt dieser neue Sponsoring - Fall und das ganze Netzwerk darum herum den Mangel an Transparenz in Deutschland :
Es fehlt ein Lobbyregister , das die Kunden von Agenturen wie EUTOP transparent macht .
Die Nebeneinkünfte von Politikern müssten genauer angegeben werden .
Wir brauchen umfassende Transparenz aller Formen von Parteisponsoring und der Unternehmensbeteiligungen der Parteien .
Helfen
Sie uns in dem Kampf für mehr Transparenz und Demokratie : ganz aktuell können
Sie unsere laufende Aktion zum Thema Parteisponsoring unterzeichnen !
Danke .
Floppy disks terminated after Sony stops production
No comparison : CDs and USB sticks hold far more data than floppy disks
Floppy disks , which once littered home offices around the country are finally heading to the great electronics scrapyard in the sky .
Sony , the largest manufacturer of the 3.5 " storage devices , have announced they will stop making them in March next year - 30 years after they started selling them .
They made the decision after domestic disk sales in Japan crashed from 47 million in 2002 to 12 million in 2009 .
Sony had already withdrawn them from many international markets .
First launched by IBM in 1971 , floppy disks were an unwieldy eight inches across and could only hold 80 KB of information - a tiny fraction of one megabyte .
They developed alongside the burgeoning home computer market .
By the early eighties they had reduced in size to 5.25 inches and held 720KB .
Sony claims to have sold the first 3.5 inch floppy in 1981 .
The popularity of USB flash drives , CDs and other storage devices have now made the floppy disk obsolete .
The maximum storage of a floppy is two megabytes , which is 4,000 times less than the eight gigabytes customers can buy on a USB stick .
It has been a long drawn out death for the home office friend .
In 2003 , Dell stopped including floppy drives on their standard home computers .
By 2007 PC World had also stopped selling the disks .
Evolution : Despite evolving to a more manageable size , floppy disks have reached the end of the road
Earlier today , soldiers from the Thai Army broke down barricades and entered the fortified camp occupied by anti-government Red Shirt protesters for the past several weeks in downtown Bangkok .
Several clashes took place , and Red Shirt leaders announced to their followers that they were surrendering to police as the soldiers approached .
Many protesters dispersed , but some continued to battle with grenades , guns , slingshots and fire , setting as many as 20 locations ablaze in central Bangkok .
At this stage , it is unclear how many have been killed or injured , but at least five are known to have died , with dozens more injured .
Thai authorities have imposed a curfew as they battle fires , process detainees and clear the rest of the Red Shirt encampment .
( 39 photos total
As thousands of Canadians speak out on the prospect of another Canadian DMCA , the official and unofficial response from Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore is to stop criticizing and wait for the bill .
His spokesperson told the CBC that " people ought not to judge the legislation that they have not read . "
Moore himself is using roughly the same line in direct messages to some Twitter commenters , saying they should wait to read the bill before passing judgement .
While unsurprising , the response is straight out of the Jim Prentice playbook , who similarly urged people to wait for what became Bill C - 61 before commenting .
Yet the effect of remaining silent is to give Moore a free ride as the bill is drafted over the coming weeks .
The reality is that there is nothing to stop Moore or the government from either confirming or denying the general direction of the bill on issues such as anti-circumvention rules or flexible fair dealing .
In fact , months before Bill C - 60 was introduced , the then - Liberal government provided a full roadmap of its legislative intentions so that the bill itself was not a surprise .
Over the past 48 hours , additional sources have come forward to privately confirm the information found in my original post : that Moore has been pushing hard for C - 61 as a starting point ( particularly with respect to the digital lock provisions ) and has flatly rejected a flexible fair dealing approach .
Taking Moore 's advice – which amounts to STFU until you see the bill – may buy him some quiet as he tinkers at the edges of time shifting , format shifting , or distance learning provisions to try to sell his bill as pro-consumer , but the foundation of Moore 's Canadian DMCA will remain unchanged .
Now is not the time to remain silent .
Send a paper letter ( c/ o House of Commons , Ottawa , ON , K1A 0A6 ) to your MP , Moore , Clement , and the party leaders today ( then join the Facebook group and Facebook page ) .
Marc Lamont
Hill is the black Liberal Columbia professor who for some reason is always on The O'Reilly Factor .
Tonight 's episode made Hill 's presence even more puzzling , because Bill O'Reilly told him that he looks like someone who sells drugs .
The two were happily discussing Obama 's dumb plan to send 1200 troops who will secure the entire Mexican border against illegal immigrants .
Then O'Reilly joked : " Say you 're a cocaine dealer — and you kind of look like one a little bit . "
To which Hill replied , gamely : " As do you ... you know , you actually look like a cocaine user . "
Dang , O'Reilly , having black commentators is supposed to make you look less racist .
Unless O'Reilly was talking about Hill 's spiffy pinstripe suit .
Like , how could you afford such a nice suit unless you were selling drugs ?
That 's probably it .
A plan began to form .
How hard would it be to put the touch pad on a cable of some sort and then mount it on a guitar ?
I ’ve migrated unmaintained from Community Server to WordPress and intend to maintain it a little better .
Seeing as how my Kaoss Guitar mod tutorial was one of , if not the most , popular post on unmaintained I ’ve migrated it .
At some point I will also convert the forum thread replies to comments on this post .
I ’m glad to see folks are still doing this mod and putting the resulting intruments to good use .
YouTube Demos
Checking my RSS feeds one day I came across a post on Music Thing regarding a Hugh Manson guitar with an XY midi controller in it .
The demo video of this thing on YouTube had the pad controlling a Kaoss Pad , watching this as well as a Muse concert w/ another similar Hugh Manson guitar and a Radiohead show w/ the Kaoss Pad got me hooked .
I needed one .
Shortly there after I noticed one on good ol ’ Craig ’s List and picked up a Kaoss Pad 2 for $ 250 CAN ( sweet ! ) .
I want to stress that I ’m not the first person to do this , perhaps the first to do it on the cheap at home , but props go to Hugh Manson and MJ Guitar Engineering both of who have made guitars with a simliar controller built in .
While the Kaoss Pad is fantastic in many ways , it ’s not very friendly to guitarists in it ’s natural state , I quickly realized this .
One would have to have it on a stand of some sort to use it while playing , which would n’t do .
A plan began to form .
How hard would it be to put the touch pad on a cable of some sort and then mount it on a guitar ?
Usual disclaimer applies , if you break your gear do n’t blame me .
I suggest reading the entire article beforehand to get an idea of what ’s involved .
Step 1 , Proof of Concept
The first step I took was to ensure that this would work , at least to some degree by investigating the Kaoss Pad and connecting the touch pad through a cable .
Personally I wanted to take this step before committing to a guitar however soldering at this step will most likely have to be redone when fishing the cables through the guitar since the connectors in most cases will not fit through the holes you drill .
Materials
1x Button
2x Female DB9 Serial Connectors
1x Straight Serial Cable Male to Male
1x Soldering Iron
Taking the Kaoss Pad Apart
I ’ve got to hand it to Korg , they know how to put a device together .
I ’ve never been so pleased at the ease of which something ’s come apart .
There are 4 screws on the bottom plate , 3 screws on the rear of the pad as well as a ground wire screw and a whole lot more on the circuit boards inside .
A mid sized Phillips Head ( cross ) screw driver will do them all .
First , pop the three knobs off the face of the Kaoss Pad , these should come off rather easily with your fingers , then remove the screws at the rear and the grounding screw .
Next remove the back plate screws and remove the plate .
Lastly , remove all the screws from the circuit boards inside without removing the boards ( shown in red ) .
Carefully slide the lower two PCB ’s ( circuit boards ) upwards so that the mic and headphone jacks / knobs slide out of the frame , just let these little boards sit where they are once the jacks / knobs are out .
You can then carefully move the main PCB slightly to allow removal of the rear PCB ( the one with all the inputs / outputs ) do this slowly and do n’t move the main board very much .
The touch pad is connected to the main PCB with a all fragile ribbon cable , the rear PCB is also connected to the frame to power the blue light on the top display ( you can disconnect this easily however you do n’t have to in order to accomplish what we ’re doing ) .
Once the rear PCB is out of the frame you should be able to lift the main PCB enough to disconnect the touch pad ’s ribbon cable , make note of which side of the cable was face up when inserted into it ’s connector .
The white connector must be opened to allow removal of the ribbon cable , this is done by carefully gripping the edge of the connector and pulling in the direction as if you were pulling out the cable , but do n’t pull the cable !
just the connector , it will snap open and the cable should then slide out easily .
Be very careful with this cable as it ’s connection to the touch pad is fragile and in my experience these cables are delicate in themselves .
The touch pad is braced to the front of the pad with 4 metal brackets , carefully remove the screws and place these aside .
You can then remove the touch pad .
Put it somewhere safe and out of the way , I placed it in a ziplock to prevent dust getting into it ’s panels .
When disconnecting the screen you would have noticed the small white ribbon cable connector on the main PCB , if you can find one of these to purchase or scavenge from something , great !
I was about to fashion a make - shift version when I realized I can just pop that one off the PCB .
Removing components from a PCB can be a nasty task , a solder remover will help , perhaps a google search or two on this ( I ’m certainly not an expert at it ) .
Make a note of which way the connector was facing on the PCB .
Once this is removed ( or you ’ve found a suitable stand - in ) we can start the soldering , run 4 wires from the 4 connections on the PCB where the screen connecter is / was to one of the DB9 connectors ( the red square in the image below ) , I used pins 1 , 2 , 6 and 7 for this although it does n’t matter as long as it matches the other connector .
Next run 2 wires from the hold button solder points on the PCB ( the purple circles in the image below ) to 2 more pins on the DB9 connector .
This next part will most likely have to be resoldered when you mount the pad and hardware in the guitar so it ’s up to you whether you want to skip it or not , I wanted to ensure everything worked so I when ahead and did it .
Simply solder the button and the ribbon connector ( that you removed from the PCB or replaced ) to the remaining DB9 connector .
Refer to the note you made on the placement of the connector on the PCB initially and solder the same leads to the same pins on the connector , make sense ?
Once this is done refer to your note on how the screen ’s ribbon cable was inserted ( or visualize how it was ) ensure that the connector is in it ’s open position , slide the cable in and then close the connector .
All that ’s left is to connect the serial cable and power on the Kaoss Pad , I suggest closing the Kaoss Pad ( sans screen ) , before you do , trace the screen opening on the Kaoss Pad onto some paper for use as a template later .
The DB9 connector can just hang out the screen opening for now .
Do n’t worry about replacing all the screws at this point you ’ll probably open it up again .
Hopefully you ’re up and running with the touch pad on a cable now , proof of concept , proven .
In the picture below I have replaced the missing pad with a some plexi- glass and mounted the connector .
Step 2 , Guitar Shopping
Obviously you may be able to skip this part if you have a suitable victim in mind .
I was n’t willing to risk destroying one of my favorite guitars so I decided to purchase an affordable guitar for just this purpose .
I settled on a used Epiphone Les Paul Special 2 , it had enough space on the body and a nice flaw hiding black finish .
Measure the screen size ( including it ’s mounting frame ) and take a template shopping with you to ensure the guitar will have enough space .
Also start thinking about button and connector placement .
Ideally try to keep these away from the guitar ’s own hardware to avoid electromagnetic noise , think also about drilling , you ’ll have to drill from the screen cavity to the connector and it ’s nice to have the button reside along this path .
Step 3 , Hack the Axe
This step is where I ’m sure many if not everyone who tries this will deviate from my approach .
I ’ve never done any wood work on a guitar before , I did this in a near complete vacuum of information , I was too antsy to research much .
My plan was to just make a hole the size of the screen through the entire body then drill the path for the connector and button .
You could accomplish this hack without making a cavity through the entire body and in retrospect I might ’ve been better off , but having the full through cavity certainly helped with adjustments and allowed for less messing with the touch pad once it was in .
I removed the strings , bridge , anything really that came off the guitar easily , depending on how you make the cavity you may want to remove tuners and pickups to avoid vibrations damaging them .
Here ’s where you ’ll all think I ’m a lunatic , off to Lee Valley I went and purchased a number of chisels , taped off a template for the screen on the guitar ’s body and went to town .
Initially I was going to saw out the hole so I drilled out corners and went at it with a fret saw , this was n’t working fast enough , hence the chisels .
Drove my neighbors nuts for a couple nights and eventually ended up with a gaping hole through this poor guitar .
I then “ smoothed ” out the cavity with a rasp .
The cavity should not be the size of the touch pad with it ’s mounting frame , as the mounting frame should anchor the touch pad on the face of the guitar .
So the main cavity should be slightly larger than the display area of the screen ( which you can reference from the opening in the Kaoss Pad ) .
On the face of the guitar I created a ledge where the touch pad frame would mount to , allowing the screen to sit flush with the face of the guitar .
Also ensure that you create a space for the ribbon cable to loop around behind the screen , be generous for this as the cable is fragile , I used a slip of paper to protect the cable from the wood and chafing .
Once you ’ve made this cavity ( or have had someone make it ) you can then drill a hole for the hold button and then for the DB9 connector .
Save yourself a headache and design this so these two holes intersect .
I ’m sure most of you can make this prettier , but as you can see , it can be rather horrible .
This is all covered eventually by a frame / brace to hold the touch pad in on the front and a panel cover on the back .
Step 4 , Fabricating a Frame and Back Cover
The frame I made from a semi- translucent plexi - glass about 1/4 inch thick .
I cut this with my trusty Dremel , then smoothed it out as best I could with a sanding bit on the Dremel .
The center space of this frame should be exactly that of the original opening for the touch pad in the old frame ( a template you made previously ) the width of this frame is up to you really , as long as it is wide enough to accommodate screws which clear the edges of the touch pad .
You can see in the image the frame in pink and the touch pad frame in grey .
I never used the holes on the touch pad frame for mounting as the screws through the plexi glass held the screen in very well .
Remember to always drill into the guitar body before screwing as you do n’t want to crack the finish or cause undue stress on the surrounding body .
If you ’ve made a cavity straight through you ’ll need a back cover .
I decided to cover both the original guitar cavity and the new two ( screen and button ) with one new cover .
The back cover I used plexi glass as well , too thick in retrospect , you should find as thin as possible .
Translucent helps as you can place the plexi glass over the guitar and simply trace the shape of the cavity .
Lining the underside of the cavity with foil or copper tape can help shield the cavities , but you can do this later .
Simply cut out the shape , make some screw holes ( remember to drill ) and you ’re all set .
Step 5 , Mounting the Touch Pad and Final Wiring
Without the pad in place try screwing your frame on , if all goes well then remove it , place the touch pad in , I kept the plastic cone behind the screen to distribute the LED light and for protection .
I then checked the screen movement , in my case it gave slightly due to my sloppy work so I used one of the braces from the Kaoss Pad body ( which originally braced the screen ) to brace the screen from behind in the cavity .
Ensure that you run the ribbon cable behind the screen when you mount it , careful that it is not chafing on anything and is safe from duress .
If you ’ve already soldered the DB9 connector to the ribbon cable connector you can try to fish the ribbon connector through the hole you drilled , if it does n’t fit ( or does n’t look like it will ) you ’ll have to undo the solder , fish the wires and then re-solder , I suggest fishing the button wires first through and out the button hole , then the wires for the touch pad .
This is what I did .
In the image you can see the touch pad ’s ribbon cable inserted into the connector as well as some nasty soldering .
An extra two wires you say ?
The Blue and Yellow wires are to power the blue LED , pick up any LED you like or set and the use the two pins closest to the ribbon cable , in the image yellow is positive and blue is negative .
The positive lead on the LED ( the longer of the two LED wires ) should be connected to the lead the Yellow wire is soldered to in the image .
The negative lead of the LED ( the longer wire ) should be connected to a 1 K resistor ( brown - black - red - gold ) which should then be connected to the lead the Blue wire is soldered to in the image .
The four wires for the touch pad connector should match the DB9 connections wired on the PCB of the Kaoss Pad ( as you can see you LED piggy backs two of these ) .
Wiring the LED wrong will cause a flickering LED and interfere with the pad signal ( however it did n’t wreck anything for me , neither did plugging the screen in upside - down which I did a number of times ) .
I then held everything in place with some electrical tape .
Place the LED where you get a desirable light .
As you can see I lined the cavities with copper tape to reduce EM interference .
Originally I intended to mount the button properly with it ’s nut and washer , however the hole I drilled was so snug I said t’hell with it and just soldered then worked it in , since the hole is through I can always push it out from behind .
Final Notes
There it is , throw the back cover on and you ’re good to go .
Let me know if something ’s unclear , if you run into any problems I can offer advice in regards to how I did it , but I must admit I ’m no electrical or fabrication expert .
Update :
The good folks at Two Cherries Instruments have released a new version of their all - in - one kit , the Black Box Kaoss Pad Guitar Kit check it out !
I do not believe it is necessary to go on beyond these possibilities to contemplate a vast extension of bacteriological warfare .
I am skeptical that this form presents dangers comparable with those of atomic warfare .
Nor do I take into account a danger of starting a chain reaction of a scope great enough to destroy part or all of this planet .
I dismiss this on the ground that if it could happen from a man-made atomic explosion it would already have happened from the action of the cosmic rays which are continually reaching the earth 's surface .
But it is not necessary to imagine the earth being destroyed like a nova by a stellar explosion to understand vividly the growing scope of atomic war and to recognize that unless another war is prevented it is likely to bring destruction on a scale never before held possible and even now hardly conceived , and that little civilization would survive it .
In the first two years of the atomic era another phenomenon is to be noted .
The public , having been warned of the horrible nature of atomic warfare , has done nothing about it , and to a large extent has dismissed the warning from its consciousness .
A danger that cannot be averted had perhaps better be forgotten ; or a danger against which every possible precaution has been taken also had probably better be forgotten .
That is , if the United States had dispersed its industries and decentralized its cities , it might be reasonable for people to forget the peril they face .
I should say parenthetically that it is well that this country has not taken these precautions , for to have done so would make atomic war still more probable , since it would convince the rest of the world that we are resigned to it and are preparing for it .
But nothing has been done to avert war , while much has been done to make atomic war more horrible ; so there is no excuse for ignoring the danger .
I say that nothing has been done to avert war since the completion of the atomic bomb , despite the proposal for supranational control of atomic energy put forward by the United States in the United Nations .
This country has made only a conditional proposal , and on conditions which the Soviet Union is now determined not to accept .
This makes it possible to blame the failure on the Russians .
But in blaming the Russians the Americans should not ignore the fact that they themselves have not voluntarily renounced the use of the bomb as an ordinary weapon in the time before the achievement of supranational control , or if supranational control is not achieved .
Thus they have fed the fear of other countries that they consider the bomb a legitimate part of their arsenal so long as other countries decline to accept their terms for supranational control .
Americans may be convinced of their determination not to launch an aggressive or preventive war .
So they may believe it is superfluous to announce publicly that they will not a second time be the first to use the atomic bomb .
But this country has been solemnly invited to renounce the use of the bomb — that is , to outlaw it — and has declined to do so unless its terms for supranational control are accepted .
Diane Rehm :
To Norman OK
Good morning , Henry , you 're on the air .
Henry :
Good morning , Diane .
One of my concerns , is what I see here ,
is an appalling lack of technical expertise by British Petroleum .
And their sort of shotgun approach to try to solve this problem ,
when WE as engineers , in this industry , HAVE technology ,
that we know , have worked in Kuwait and the Timor Sea -- Diane :
Such as ?
[...]
Henry :
Well this is a Flow Problem to anyone , who knows anything about it .
There 's 3 breaks in the pipeline riser that 's on the floor .
There 's NO reason to be fighting 3 breaks in the pipeline ,
If they cut that pipeline just 20 feet above the Blowout Preventer ,
with an explosive charge , which can be done in 3 seconds -- they 'll have a nice clean cut , on top of which they can put -- a " Hydra " -- it 's like a connection , that has a pad , that can clamp onto it .
They 'll now , have , one single point of oil production -- that they can control !
This idea of having a " Box " or a " Tophat " is SO incongruent .
A sophomore student in engineering KNOWS that hydrates will form
at that pressure and temperature .
[...]
Neil :
Send Henry to Houston !
He makes a very good point .
[...]
Henry :
Let me explain .
The industry is built on Pipes and Tubes .
We can handle anything that 's a cylinder .
We can't handle boxes .
IF we got in there with what 's called
a " casing cutter " -- it 's a device
that cuts a piece of pipe , in seconds !
It 's done all the time in pipelines , and well drilling , and you name it .
They CAN do this -- and , have , one nice clean cut , that 's available for any device that they want to put on top of it : A secondary Blowout Preventer , or even just a Valve , which can connect to the surface .
It 's really very easy !
Diane :
Ok Henry , I going to put you on hold .
I want to get a number from you ,
and I want Neil King to talk to you , after the program .
OK ?
Neil King , is with the Wall Street Journal and was a guest on the show .
===========
Here 's a pretty good animation of the rig failure , showing the fallen riser pipe , and its 3 different leaks .
It DOES really make sense to try to cap it at or near its source , like Henry said .
===========
Here is my layman attempt to find the equipment Oil Rig Henry was talking about .
OTH 349 : EVALUATION , SELECTION AND DEVELOPMENT OF SUBSEA CUTTING TECHNIQUES
Prepared by AME Limited
for the Health and Safety Executive
[ pg 21 - 22 ]
Casing cutters are operated from the drilling rig and run inside the oil - string on the end of a drill string .
The cutter is placed at the desired depth usually at some weak point , normally where pieces of drill pipe have been joined and a set of three cutting blades are hydraulically lifted out of the blade holder .
These are then rotated at at 60 - 90 rpm by a drive at the surface via the drill string .
The upper curved cutting edges of the blades which are billets of steel dressed with tungsten carbide inserts and crushed tungsten carbide particles make the cut . [...]
The cutting blades function in a similar fashion to a lathe and mill away the casings ( and any grout between casings ) until the cut is complete .
The blade holder is held centrally by a free wheeling stabilizer located above the holder and the blades are set up in such a way so as to permit maximum penetration with least torque .
A hydraulic pressure reduction signal is used by some types of tool to indicate when the blades have fully extended .
Provided the correct size of cutter has been selected this indicates that the casing string has been severed .
The cut casing string is held in position by heavy duty spiders , slips and safety clamps on the surface whilst the blades are hinged back into the holder and the cutter withdrawn .
The casing string may then be lifted by a casing spear , a holder containing rams which are driven out into the inner casing wall and which grip the string as it is raised .
Modern equipment has the spear equipment combined with the casing cutter to allow the casing string to be cut and lifted in one deployment .
as pdf
Hydra -Stroke® Bumper Sub
The Hydra - Stroke Bumper Sub is a key drillstem component for deepwater drilling operations where drillstring oscillation can be a problem .
This tool provides six feet of reliable telescopic movement without placing any limitations on drillstring torque capacity , tensile strength or hydraulic capability .
The Hydra - Stroke Bumper Sub is fully balanced to the annulus and the mud pumps , making it completely reliable at any depth and in any drilling environment .
Features and Benefits
Delivers up to six feet of stroke to compensate for drillstring oscillation in offshore operations
Temperature rated to 500 degrees F
Seals rated to 20,000 psi differential
Circulation rated to 10,000 psi
Closed drive system to prevent ingress of wellbore fluid into the drive section , improving reliability
Fully balanced feature to eliminate pump - open effect caused by internal pressure
If I can find it , WHY ca n't BP Engineers ?
Could it be they 'd rather " salvage " the crude , than Cap it ?
If you had a garden hose with 3 different major tears in it , would you keep trying to use boxes and duct tape to patch each leak ?
Would n't it make much more sense to try Stop the gushing Water , upstream , at its Source ?
If Engineer Henry , could fix it , Why ca n't BP ?
===========
Update Note 2 :
Many thanks to Fishgrease
for pointing out :
There IS no 20 feet above the blowout preventer .
Perhaps if BP was more forthcoming with public disclosures like this , Engineers like Henry would n't propose solutions , will little chance of working .
And Bloggers such as myself would not , repeat those proposed solutions .
My apologies for promoting any sort of false hope , that this oil gusher will end anytime soon .
I wish BP luck in whatever solutions they are pursuing .
===========
Update Note :
The " plan " from the BP response site , in detail
Top kill procedure ( pdf , 11KB )
FACT SHEET : TOP KILL PROCEDURE
BP is preparing to begin its attempt to stop the flow of oil from the Deepwater Horizon well site using a " top kill " procedure that basically chokes off the flow of hydrocarbons in the well .
The procedure begins with the " junk shot " that is a scientifically - designed recipe of various materials that will create a plug in the blow out preventer and choke off the flow of hydrocarbons .
Heavy drilling mud is next pumped in to kill the well then followed with cement to permanently plug the well .
The materials used , in a " junk shot " will include well - known materials such as pieces of tires , golf balls , pieces of rope , etc .
Each of these has been proven to fill various sized spaces in the blowout preventer until the flow is stopped .
While there is no known perfect " recipe , " a number of combinations of materials will be used .
This procedure will be pursued until it is successful or deemed to be ineffective .
It seems they have " some confidence " in the residual strength of the BOP , to " act like a dam " full of junk , and stop the flow .
Let 's hope this works .
Note : my goal with this diary , is to spur Engineers , to put their best ideas forward .
When was the last time , the News Media actually interviewed any Engineers , either from BP or Academia ?
Thanks all for reading , and your comments .
Comment
When the Dragon 's Den star Duncan Bannatyne realised his wife had left her dress on the train on the way to a charity dinner last Saturday he called lost property .
Unfortunately , being a Saturday afternoon , lost property was closed and his wife was distraught .
Fortunately Duncan 's 50,000 Twitter followers came to the rescue .
He made a single tweet offering a reward of £ 1000 for the safe return of the item of clothing .
Amazingly the dress was indeed quickly located and returned .
The finder , a Virgin employee , refused the reward , suggesting instead it go to charity :
johno4501@DuncanBannatyne
Sir thanks for you kind offer i do not require any reward if you wish you can make a donation to Clic Sargeant charity .
Even with a large 50,000 twitter following , it 's hard to imagine how the desperate dress search tweet could really end up being read by one of only a handful of individuals who would realistically be in a position to help .
And how this could all happen fast enough for the dress to be returned in time for the gala dinner that evening ?
After all , how many people would have had access to the closed lost property department out of hours ?
Fans of the classic Six Degrees of Separation theory will however be less surprised by this happy outcome .
The principle goes that everyone can reach anyone within six connections .
Let 's say you want to get a message to President Obama .
You can try to work out yourself whether you might be able to achieve this within six steps .
Perhaps your brother - in - law knows someone who has a friend , etc .
You might just get there .
But what 's this all got to do with running a 21st century government ?
Not a lot at present because when current Ministers contemplate using technology they tend to think in terms of building new and usually expensive websites .
Citizens find out about the new site , typically through a multi-million pound TV ad campaign , and then use it to look up some information on a database which drives the website .
Other than the fact that this involves the internet , this is n't really any different from the way in which governments have distributed information through the ages .
It holds everything centrally and invites others to come and look it up .
The state stores all the important data .
Citizens are expected to go and retrieve it .
And it ’s this basic approach which is extended to all manner of government activity .
For example , if the government has a vacancy in one of its departments it will place a job ad in the newspapers and wait for applicants to respond .
But there is now a more efficient , less bureaucratic way for government to work .
Taking that job ad example , let ’s assume that the department tweets about the job opening .
Now , assuming the department has a Twitter following and that the message gets re-tweeted – where the original message is re-broadcast by others to their own lists – it would surely only be a matter of minutes before applications started flowing in from highly qualified candidates .
And the cost to the treasury ?
Pretty much nil .
A Conservative government will respond to new technology in a completely different way to this Labour administration .
Rather than defaulting to the creation of enormous new databases in the style of the late and over - budget NHS system , we will look to leverage the immense power of so - called cloud - based computing where information is decentralised , shared and improved by the wisdom of many .
Using technology to blow open the closed world of government is also the principle behind our recent Open Source Planning Green Paper .
Just as Apple , the inventors of the iPhone , ensured that their product was ‘ open source ’ - meaning that software developers could come along and invent ways to use the phone going well beyond what Apple themselves had initially imagined - so too will our planning policy benefit from involved citizens achieving more than central government could ever manage on its own .
But we wo n't stop there .
By introducing a powerful new ' Right to Government Data ' , we will enable the release of government datasets to be manipulated and presented by others , thereby empowering citizens with more useful , accurate information .
We 'll publish online every item of central government spending over £ 25,000 and local expenditure over £ 500 .
As well as publishing every contract in full .
And we 'll throw open democracy too by introducing a technology enabled Public Reading Stage to each Bill so the wisdom of crowds can improve laws and spot potential problems .
So a Conservative government will be humble enough to know that we wo n’t have all the answers to every problem in - house , but that by leveraging the immense wisdom of the British people we can help to solve policy problems through a new and radical open source approach to government . ®
Grant Shapps is Conservative Member of Parliament for the Welwyn Hatfield constituency .
He has served on the Public Administration Select Committee and is currently shadow housing minister .
His voting record is here .
27.06.2020 · PuTTY 0.74 Englisch : PuTTY ist ein schneller und kleiner SSH - und Telnet - Client für Windows , der auch noch eine Reihe anderer Tricks ...
CHIP - BewertungGut : 1029 Nutzerwertungen4,5 Version : 0.74 - vom 27.06.2020 Hersteller : Simon Tatham Sprache : Englisch
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
An Egyptian intelligence official on Thursday denied allegations leveled by Hamas that Egypt pumped gas into a cross - border tunnel used to smuggle goods into the Gaza Strip , killing four Palestinians .
Egypt has been under pressure to shut down the hundreds of tunnels that are a key economic lifeline for the Palestinian territory but which are also used to bring in weapons for Hamas .
The intelligence official confirmed that Egyptian security forces destroyed the entrances to several tunnels this week , but said that no gas was used in the operations .
He said that Egypt routinely blows up the mouths to the tunnels to seal them off , and that the blast and an ensuing fire could quickly use up all the oxygen in the confined space , causing people caught inside to suffocate .
RELATED :
Hamas reopens smuggling tunnels Egypt 's denial comes a day after Hamas accused Egyptian forces of killing four Palestinians by pumping gas into a smuggling tunnel .
The Hamas Interior Ministry said in a statement late Wednesday that the gas used to try to clear the tunnel was poisonous .
It said six people were also injured .
It was not immediately clear what evidence Hamas was basing its allegations on .
Mohammed al - Osh , the medical director of the Abu Yusef al - Najar hospital in the Gaza border town of Rafah where some of the dead and injured were taken , could not confirm those killed had inhaled poison gas .
He said the hospital did not have the equipment or specialists needed to conduct the necessary tests on lungs and clothing .
Palestinian officials in Rafah say Egypt has stepped up a crackdown on smuggling in recent months , blowing up numerous tunnel entrances on its side of the border , setting up checkpoints in the area and confiscating contraband .
Since December , Egypt has also been building an underground steel wall to block the tunnels .
Rafah officials have said about four miles ( six kilometers ) of that barrier — covering roughly half of the border area — is already complete .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
David Coulthard has announced that he will return to racing in the DTM this season with Mercedes .
This week 's AUTOSPORT magazine revealed that a deal for Coulthard to drive a 2008 Mercedes for the Mucke team was all but done after successful winter tests , and the Scot has confirmed this morning that his DTM move will go ahead .
With no clashes between the DTM and Formula 1 , Coulthard will also continue his role as a pundit for the BBC 's F1 coverage .
" I did n't actively look to race anything through 2009 but at the season finale DTM race I really got the buzz and the tingle again for the competition , " Coulthard told BBC Sport .
" That led to a test with Mercedes , which led to me making the decision that I 'd like to dovetail my BBC work with racing in the DTM .
" There 's a reasonable level of technology involved in the cars , it 's a professionally run championship and in Mercedes there 's a company I worked with for seven year in my time at McLaren . "
The 39 - year - old Scot took 13 victories and 12 pole positions during a 247 - race grand prix career with Williams , McLaren and Red Bull .
Coulthard said that he would never have considered a return to F1 , but was still keen to compete elsewhere .
" I had a call from one of the teams which I never returned because people in F1 knew I was n't looking to make a return in F1 , " he said .
" The adrenaline is the thing I miss in everyday life .
Do I miss the competition ?
Only because I know how much fun it is to compete .
But there 's not a big void in my life which means I 'm missing it .
" But if I can do a championship which fits with my other commitments and I get the buzz you get behind the wheel of a racing car , then why would I not take it ?
I 'm almost 40 , I wo n't have that option open to me when I 'm almost 50 . "
Coulthard joins fellow ex-F1 driver Ralf Schumacher , and McLaren and Force India F1 reserves Gary Paffett and Paul di Resta , in the Mercedes line - up .
Hey , we would n't be serving our business news audience very well if we decided to ignore what we believe is a $ 40 billion industry .
Rightly or wrongly , marijuana attracts dollars .
And we follow the money .
We also would n't be doing our job if we did n't look at what kind of return those dollars could make under different circumstances .
And those circumstances are likely to change to some degree .
Fourteen states allow medical marijuana .
A dozen are considering decriminalization .
California , one of the most influential states , is considering legalization .
That kind of change deserves special attention , especially given the money involved .
And the money questions surrounding marijuana , frankly , are undercovered .
What industries would benefit from a pot industry ?
Which outfits are in it now ?
Pharma or tobacco ?
Agribusiness or farmer ?
How big is the market ?
These are all valid and vital questions to pursue .
If it were n't for the taboo nature of pot , no one would question the coverage .
For that reason , we 've tried to stay away as much as possible from the " stoner " and giggle stories .
Sure , you find a few tongue - in - cheek phrases and cute headlines .
But marijuana is a serious social and economic issue for this country .
And so we 're treating it seriously and hope that you find our work useful in approaching and understanding this complex issue .
Okay .
We did have fun with the day we chose to publish .
Image 1 of 2 UCI president Pat McQuaid ( Image credit : Stephen Farrand ) Image 2 of 2 UCI president Pat McQuaid denied Armstrong 's donation was a bribe ( Image credit : Stephen Farrand )
The President of the UCI Pat McQuaid has revealed that Lance Armstrong is the only rider ever to have made a donation to UCI and has admitted that in hindsight , the decision to accept $ 100,000 while the Texan was still racing was regrettable .
Speaking to the media for more than an hour at Plan des Corones before the finish of the Giro d'Italia time trial stage , McQuaid also revealed that he has asked the Canadian , Australian , Belgian and French national cycling federations to investigate the accusation made by Landis against Team Sky rider Michael Barry , Garmin - Transitions directeur sportif Matt White , RadioShack team manager Johan Bruyneel and BMC directeur sportif John Lelangue .
McQuaid later confirmed to Cyclingnews that Landis , Lance Armstrong and all the other US riders accused by Landis have been placed under investigation by USA Cycling via USADA .
McQuaid presented a paper trail of letters from the Paris and Lausanne anti-doping labs , WADA and the Tour de Suisse organisers that he claims showed that Armstrong did not test positive for EPO in 2001 and so could never have attempted to bribe the UCI .
" The UCI take seriously the accusation that the UCI took a bribe to hide the positive test of Lance Armstrong in 2001 , " McQuaid said .
" We 've contacted in recent days the labs involved for testing for EPO at that time .
I have statement here from those labs that support what I am about to say .
The letters will also soon be published on the UCI website in a sign of transparency .
" First the letter from the Paris lab , that is under the AFLD .
They had three positives for EPO in the UCI account between 2001 and 2003 .
Two in 2001 and one in 2003 .
All the reports were sent to the UCI in 2001 and 2002 and 2003 were also sent CPLD and also sent to the International Olympic Committee .
In relation to Lausanne , there were 18 positive tests for EPO for the UCI controlled by this lab between 2001 and 2003 : six in 2001 , four in 2002 and eight in 2003 .
All analysis were sent to IOC and Swiss Olympic .
I also have a letter from WADA that states from January 2004 , every positive result for UCI also went to the WADA .
I also have a report from the Tour de Suisse from 2001 which states that there was no doping case in 2001 . "
" All this information supports what the UCI has always stated :
That there is no way that the UCI or it's former president Hein Verbruggen could have accepted a bribe .
It 's just not possible . "
The $ 100,000 question
McQuaid faced several follow questions about the ethics of accepting a $ 100,000 donation from Lance Armstrong .
He refused comparisons with a football team perhaps making a donation to a match referee but embarrassingly admitted that despite promising the $ 100,000 in April of 2002 , Armstrong only paid up in 2005 after the UCI sent him a reminder of payment .
" To the best of my knowledge , the UCI has not accepted other donations and I 'd just like to clarify that there was only one donation from Lance Armstrong not two or three , " McQuaid said .
" You have to consider that at the time , in 2002 , no accusations against Lance Armstrong had been made .
They 've all came up since then .
We accepted the donation to help develop the sport .
We did n't think there 's a conflict of interest .
It 's easy to say in hindsight what could or would have been done .
You have to put yourself in the situation at the time . "
" I think based on experience , based on hindsight and 20 /20 vision , and based on the claims of a conflict of interest , the UCI would be very careful before accepting a donation from a rider in the future .
Having said that the UCI is not a rich organisation and we have many demands from around the world for demands for support and material .
We will listen to anyone who can help us . "
A clean Giro d'Italia this year ?
McQuaid tried to find some good news and praised Ivan Basso and Cadel Evans for their spectacular racing in this year 's Giro .
He said he was convinced that most of the riders are now competing cleanly but was forced to make a damn admission that it might not have been the case just three of four years ago .
" The UCI is very , very happy with how the Giro has gone this year , " he said .
" My understanding from blood testing done prior to Giro is that the results and are becoming more and more normal .
As I sit here today if the UCI was going to open a procedure on a rider I would be aware of it , but I 'm not aware of that now .
I was pleased to see that battle on the Zoncolan between Basso and Evans .
They are superb riders who are 100 % clean and give a great image for our sport . "
" I have never denied since becoming president that there has been a culture of doping in this sport .
But I 've also stated that there are cheats in every aspect of life and society . "
" Cycling had changed dramatically in the last three or four years and the UCI Biological Passport ensures that riders who take EPO wo n't get away with it any more . "
" The UCI 's Mario Zorzoli showed me a graph from 2008 to 2009 indicating that a broad numbers of riders have more normal ( blood ) values than in previous years .
I cannot guarantee , nobody can guarantee , that this race in is 100 % clean or guarantee that any sport is 100 % clean . "
" We can only do the best we can but if you look at riders winning , there are young riders like Peter Sagan and Richie Porte , the young riders are coming through with a new philosophy .
Everybody recognizes that a change has happened . "
IDQ
Rochester , NY has an exceptionally talented workforce .
We have the highest Intellectual Density Quotient of any region in the country .
This is where smart people live and smart businesses grow .
Percentage of population age 18 and over enrolled in college or grad school
Percentage of population age 25 and older that have graduated from high school or received equivalency certificate
Patents issued per 1,000 people
Number of workers trained to excel in our knowledge based economy
Number of companies ranked among the best places to work in the country
Intellectual Density Quotient – or IDQ -- is a measurement derived through a comparison of a region 's population to its rankings in a core list of recognized standards of success and achievement , providing an assessment of a region 's capacity for innovation , creativity , and problem solving .
A high IDQ is an indication of a region 's potential for productivity and sustainable economic health , and it helps perpetuate a pervasive and contagious culture of success .
IDQ is based on these factors :
It 's not the size of the region that matters , but what it can accomplish .
We pump out more patents per resident , and we have more brains trained to excel in this knowledge - based economy than communities three times our size .
SAN FRANCISCO --
The way IT security pros see it , Adobe is the monster they can't live with anymore .
But they really can't live without it , either .
Users rely on Adobe software to create , edit and view a variety of rich media content .
But for many security practitioners , frequent attacks against a range of security holes has become too much to take .
In early February -- mere weeks after the company patched one critical flaw -- Adobe was forced to rush out another patch for its Reader and Acrobat software .
The company also had to rush out a critical fix for Flash Player in February .
At the start of the year , some security vendors openly predicted that Adobe would be the top target of attackers in 2010 .
The company 's security team has not taken the heat lying down .
It has tried to use the blogosphere to stay in touch with customers regarding new flaws , attacks and fixes and has taken steps to improve the patch - installation process .
But for now at least , that 's of little comfort to security pros like Christophe Veltsos , president of Prudent Security and keeper of the DrInfoSec.com site .
" I used to require that my students ( at Minn . State U. Mankato ) turn in their assignments in PDF format instead of Microsoft Word , " he said , adding that in light of recent security problems , " I 've switched back to Microsoft Word as it appears to be a safer alternative than PDF . "
Not helping Adobe 's image is that Steve Jobs has been slamming Adobe Flash , explaining to the press that it has no place in such Apple devices as the newly - unveiled iPad .
Specifically , he called it a CPU hog and a magnet for security holes .
At this week 's RSA security conference , Brad Arkin , director of product security and privacy at Adobe Systems , will spend a lot of time with Adobe customers , explaining what the company is doing to improve security .
He sat down with CSOonline.com a couple days before the start of RSA to offer a preview of what he 'll discuss .
CSO : Adobe has had to confront a lot of security holes of late , and a lot of security practitioners have been expressing concern .
What will you be doing at RSA to calm their fears ?
Brad Arkin :
We do n't have any product announcements to make at RSA , but we 'll be having a lot of meetings with customers and people from the media .
Adobe is a member of the Software Assurance Forum for Excellence in Code ( SAFECode ) and I'm on the board , and we 'll be having a meeting Monday .
I 'll also be speaking to groups and individuals at the various networking parties during the week .
I 'll be giving a lot of short talks to promote the security message we 've been promoting for the past year .
The biggest thing we 're trying to achieve is transparency .
It seems like Adobe is taking the same level of heat Microsoft used to take in the days of Internet Explorer 6 and Windows 2000 and XP .
How do you respond when people criticize Adobe for the flaws and attacks ?
Arkin :
The point we try to make is that the threat landscape is evolving quite rapidly and we 're doing everything possible to react to that and stay ahead of what 's happening .
We understand that the reason Adobe is such a big target for the bad guys is that it 's so ubiquitous .
Something like Reader or Flash player is installed on just about every single machine out there that 's connected to the Internet .
That means the bad guys do n't have to work so hard because if they can find a problem to exploit it can be directed at every machine .
As a result , every bad guy on Earth is looking for something to exploit in our software .
One thing we can do to make our products less attractive to the bad guys is to regularly update and make sure as many people as possible are using the most updated versions -- and make it as easy as possible for them to do so .
How are you making it so ?
Arkin :
For the consumer , we have a new updater for Reader and Acrobat that 's in pilot - beta phase .
We 've gotten a lot of positive feedback from testers so far .
It 'll offer a fully automatic , silent install experience for updates .
Today we have what we call semi-automatic mode , where it 'll check for updates and download it , then put up a box that tells the user there 's an update and asks if they want to install it now .
The reason people will sometimes say no is because at that moment they 're in the middle of doing something and think the update will require them to reboot their machine .
It does n't require a reboot but they think it will .
This new automatic mode will check for and download updates and then install it without asking the user any questions .
Then a box will pop up informing the user that an update is available and will take effect next time they boot up their machine .
Another tool we have for Adobe Acrobat and Reader is something called the JavaScript Blacklist Framework , which we pushed out in October .
It provides customers with granular control over the execution of specific JavaScript API calls , providing protection against attacks that go after those specific JavaScript API calls .
This has been extremely helpful in helping customers mitigate attacks , even if a patch is not yet available .
You 're going to be on a panel at RSA that 'll tackle the pros and cons of vulnerability disclosure .
What 's your personal position on this ?
Arkin :
There are different levels of disclosure .
Full disclosure is when someone publically published a vulnerability along with all the details needed to carry out the attack .
Partial disclosure is when someone says they found a new kind of attack but they do n't go into all the details .
Responsible disclosure is when a researcher finds a problem , shares all the details with the vendor and no one else .
In 2009 there were three bugs that were fully disclosed .
It 's a bummer because the bad guys can use the detail to craft malicious exploits and does n't give us time to get mitigation down to the users .
Our preference is always that researchers will share their findings with us and no one else .
That way we can get a fix out before the bad guys can exploit it .
gracie sorbello and matt burney unicycle the entire great divide cycling route to support the leukemia & lymphoma society
In another life , I edit novels .
I annoy friends and family by pausing the DVR or the DVD , pointing at the screen , and saying " Notice that ?
Here 's how the show will end . "
I cut adverbs .
I tighten dialog .
I laugh when the robot devil in the final broadcast episode of Futurama complains that Fry 's expository dialog makes him feel so angry .
Then I write about Perl , I read about Perl , I write Perl , I maintain Perl , I edit Perl , and I edit writings about Perl , and bless everyone 's heart for participating in Perl Iron Man and publishing their code to the CPAN and tweeting and denting and social networking about how we 're getting great new features and regular releases and interesting tools and better frameworks and more documentation ( and , yes , fresh books again ) ... but if I never read another " Perl Is n't Dead " or " Perl ; Still Alive " post , that 's really okay .
The robot devil has a point .
It 's clumsy to announce how your characters feel :
" I'm angry , " said Angry Bob , angrily .
It 's more effective to demonstrate how they feel :
Bob 's eyes narrowed and Glenna had to strain to hear his tense whisper .
" You think you 're so smart , but you do n't know anything about me . "
We can all write " We do cool things with Perl all day , really !
Really really ! " but it 's more effective to show the cool things we do with Perl .
It 's more effective to demonstrate that Moose and MooseX : : Declare are powerful , effective technology .
It 's easy to point to 28 ( almost 29 ) releases of Rakudo that you can download and install now and say " Perl 6 ?
Yeah , you can use it today . "
It 's fantastic to send someone a link to Strawberry Perl and say " All of CPAN is available for you right now . "
Any one of those things is worth ten press releases that we 're still around in our little corner of the programming universe , because we 're supposed to be pragmatic and practical programmers who spend our time Getting Stuff Done .
Buzz is nice and buzz is good , but I 'll take an Adam Kennedy or an RJBS or a Tatsuhiko Miyagawa or a Karen Pauley or an Ingy over a thousand press releases any time , because I can point to almost anything any of those people have done as evidence of a brilliant , vibrant , active community .
Emphasizing that makes me happy .
This is the third installment in the series of posts about parsing C++ with GCC plugins .
In the previous post we covered the basics of the GCC AST ( abstract syntax tree ) as well as learned how to traverse all the declarations in the translation unit .
This post is dedicated to types .
In particular , we will learn how to access various parts of the class definition , such as its bases , member variables , member functions , nested type declarations , etc .
At the end we will have a working plugin that prints all this information for every class defined in the translation unit .
All type nodes in the GCC AST have tree codes that end with _TYPE .
To get a type node from a declaration node we use the TREE_TYPE macro .
If a declaration has no type , such as NAMESPACE_DECL , then this macro returns NULL .
Here is how we can improve the print_decl ( ) function from the previous post to also print the declaration ’s type ’s tree code :
void print_decl ( tree decl ) { int tc ( TREE_CODE ( decl ) ) ; tree id ( DECL_NAME ( decl ) ) ; const char* name ( id ?
IDENTIFIER_POINTER ( id ) : " < unnamed > " ) ; cerr << tree_code_name[tc ] << " " << name ; if ( tree t = TREE_TYPE ( decl ) ) cerr << " type " << tree_code_name [ TREE_CODE
( t ) ] ; cerr << " at " << DECL_SOURCE_FILE ( decl ) << " : " << DECL_SOURCE_LINE ( decl ) << endl ; }
If we now run the modified plugin on the following C++ code fragment :
class c {} ; typedef const c* p ; int i ;
We will get the following output :
type_decl c type record_type at test.cxx : 1 type_decl p type pointer_type at test.cxx : 2 var_decl i type integer_type at test.cxx:3
The most commonly seen AST types can be divided into three categories :
Fundamental Types VOID_TYPE
REAL_TYPE
BOOLEAN_TYPE
INTEGER_TYPE Derived Types POINTER_TYPE
REFERENCE_TYPE
ARRAY_TYPE User -Defined Types RECORD_TYPE
UNION_TYPE
ENUMERAL_TYPE
Some node types , such as REAL_TYPE and INTEGER_TYPE , cover several fundamental types .
In this case the AST has a separate node instance for each specific fundamental type .
For example , the integer_type_node is a global variable that holds a pointer to the INTEGER_TYPE node corresponding to the int type .
For the derived types ( here the term derived type means pointer , reference , or array type rather than C++ class inheritance ) , the TREE_TYPE macro returns the pointed - to , referenced , or element type , respectively .
The RECORD_TYPE nodes represent struct and class types .
You might also expect that GCC has a separate node kind to represent const / volitile / restrict - qualified ( cvr-qualified ) types .
This is not the case .
Instead , each type node contains a cvr-qualifier .
So when the source code defines a const variant of some type , GCC creates a copy of the original type node and sets the const - qualifier on the copy to true .
To check whether a type has one of the qualifiers set , you can use the CP_TYPE_CONST_P , CP_TYPE_VOLATILE_P , and CP_TYPE_RESTRICT_P macros .
The above design decision has one important implication : the AST can contain multiple type nodes for the same C++ type .
In fact , according to the GCC documentation , the copies may not even have different cvr-qualifiers .
In other words , the AST can use two identical nodes to represent the same type for no apparent reason .
As a result , you should n’t use tree node pointer comparison to decide whether you are dealing with the same type .
Instead , the GCC documentation recommends that you use the same_type_p predicate .
One macro that is especially useful in dealing with the multiple nodes situation is TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT .
This macro returns the primary , cvr-unqualified type from which all the cvr-qualified and other copies have been made .
In particular , this macro allows you to use the type node pointer in a set or as a map key , which is not possible with same_type_p .
Let ’s now concentrate on the RECORD_TYPE nodes which represent the class types .
The first thing that you will probably want to do once you are handed a class node is to find its name .
Well , that ’s actually a fairly tricky task in the GCC AST .
In fact , I would say it is the most convoluted area , outdone , maybe , only by the parts of the AST dealing with C++ templates .
Let ’s try to unravel this from the other side , notably the type declaration side .
In the GCC AST types do n’t have names .
Instead , types are declared to have names using type declarations ( TYPE_DECL tree node ) .
This may seem unnatural to you since in C++ user - defined types do have names , for example :
class c {} ;
While that ’s true , the AST treats the above declaration as if it was declared like this :
typedef class {} c ;
The problem with this approach is how to distinguish the following two cases :
class c {} ; // AST : typedef class {} c ; typedef c t ;
To distinguish such cases the TYPE_DECL nodes that are “ imagined ” by the compiler are marked as artificial which can be tested with the DECL_ARTIFICIAL macro .
Let ’s add the print_class ( ) function and modify print_decl ( ) to test this out :
void print_class ( tree type ) { cerr << " class ?? ? " << endl ; } void print_decl ( tree decl ) { tree type ( TREE_TYPE ( decl ) ) ; int dc ( TREE_CODE ( decl ) ) ; int tc ; if ( type ) { tc = TREE_CODE ( type ) ; if ( dc == TYPE_DECL && tc == RECORD_TYPE ) { //
If DECL_ARTIFICIAL is true this is a class // declaration .
Otherwise this is a typedef .
// if ( DECL_ARTIFICIAL ( decl ) ) { print_class ( type ) ; return ; } } } tree id ( DECL_NAME ( decl ) ) ; const char* name ( id ?
IDENTIFIER_POINTER ( id ) : " < unnamed > " ) ; cerr << tree_code_name[dc ]
<< " " << decl_namespace ( decl ) << " : : " << name ; if ( type ) cerr << " type " << tree_code_name[tc ] ; cerr << " at " << DECL_SOURCE_FILE ( decl ) << " : " << DECL_SOURCE_LINE ( decl ) << endl ; }
If we now run this modified version of our plugin on the above two declarations , we will get :
class ???
type_decl t type record_type at test.cxx:3
Ok , so this works as expected .
Now how can we get the name of the class from the RECORD_TYPE node ?
In the above code we could have passed the declaration node along with the type node to the print_class ( ) function .
But that ’s not very elegant and is not always possible , as we will see in a moment .
Instead , we can use the TYPE_NAME macro to get to the type ’s declaration .
There are a couple of caveats , however .
First , remember that the same type can have multiple tree nodes in the AST .
You can also get different declarations for different type nodes denoting the same type .
Then the same type node can be declared with multiple declarations .
For example , there could be multiple typedef names for the same type .
So which declaration are we going to get ?
There is no simple answer to this question .
However , if you get the primary type with TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT and then get its declaration with TYPE_NAME and if the type was named in the source code , then this will be the artificial declaration that we talked about before .
Here is the new implementation of print_class ( ) that uses this technique :
void print_class ( tree type ) { type = TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT ( type ) ; tree decl ( TYPE_NAME ( type ) ) ; tree id ( DECL_NAME ( decl ) ) ; const char * name ( IDENTIFIER_POINTER ( id ) ) ; cerr << " class " << name << " at " << DECL_SOURCE_FILE ( decl ) << " : " << DECL_SOURCE_LINE ( decl ) << endl ; }
Running this version of the plugin on the above code fragment produces the expected output :
class c at test.cxx : 1 type_decl t type record_type at test.cxx :2
Let ’s now print some more information about the class .
Things that we may be interested in include base classes , member variables , member functions , and nested type declarations .
We will start with the list of base classes .
The base classes of a particular class are represented as a vector of BINFO tree nodes and can be obtained with the TYPE_BINFO macro .
To get the number of elements in this vector we use the BINFO_N_BASE_BINFOS macro .
To get the Nth element we use the BINFO_BASE_BINFO macro .
The macros that we can use on the BINFO node include BINFO_VIRTUAL_P which returns true if the base is virtual and BINFO_TYPE which returns the tree node for the base type itself .
Naturally , you may also expect that there is a macro named something like BINFO_ACCESS which return the access specifier ( public , protected , or private ) for the base .
If so , then you have n’t really gotten the spirit of the GCC AST design yet : if something would feel simple and intuitive , then find a way to make it convoluted and surprising .
So , no , there is no macro to get the base access specifier .
In fact , this information is not even stored in the BINFO node .
Rather , it is stored in a vector that runs parallel to the BINFO nodes .
The Nth element in this vector can be accessed with the BINFO_BASE_ACCESS macro .
The following code fragment shows how to put all this information together :
enum access_spec { public_ , protected_ , private_ } ; const char* access_spec_str [ ] = { " public " , " protected " , " private " } ; void print_class ( tree type ) { type = TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT ( type ) ; ... //
Traverse base information . // tree biv ( TYPE_BINFO ( type ) ) ; size_t n ( biv ?
BINFO_N_BASE_BINFOS
( biv ) : 0 ) ; for ( size_t i ( 0 ) ; i < n ; i++) { tree bi ( BINFO_BASE_BINFO ( biv , i ) ) ; //
Get access specifier . // access_spec a ( public_ ) ; if ( BINFO_BASE_ACCESSES ( biv ) ) { tree ac ( BINFO_BASE_ACCESS ( biv , i ) ) ; if ( ac == 0 || ac == access_public_node ) a = public_ ; else if ( ac == access_protected_node ) a = protected_ ; else a = private_ ; } bool virt ( BINFO_VIRTUAL_P ( bi ) ) ; tree b_type ( TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT ( BINFO_TYPE ( bi ) ) ) ; tree b_decl ( TYPE_NAME ( b_type ) ) ; tree b_id ( DECL_NAME ( b_decl ) ) ; const char * b_name ( IDENTIFIER_POINTER ( b_id ) ) ; cerr << " t " << access_spec_str[a ] << ( virt ? " virtual " : " " ) << " base " << b_name << endl ; } }
The list of member variable and nested type declarations can be obtained with the TYPE_FIELDS macro .
It is a chain of *_DECL nodes , similar to namespaces .
The declarations that can appear on this list include FIELD_DECL ( non-static member variable declaration ) , VAR_DECL ( static member variables ) , and TYPE_DECL ( nested type declarations ) .
The list of member functions can be obtained with the TYPE_METHODS macro and can only contain the FUNCTION_DECL nodes .
To determine if a function is static , use the DECL_STATIC_FUNCTION_P predicate .
Other useful member function predicates include : DECL_CONSTRUCTOR_P , DECL_COPY_CONSTRUCTOR_P , and DECL_DESTRUCTOR_P .
To determine the access specifier for a member declaration you can use the TREE_PRIVATE and TREE_PROTECTED macros ( note that TREE_PUBLIC appears to be used for a different purpose ) .
As with namespaces , the order of declarations on these lists is not preserved so if we want to traverse them in the source code order , we will need to employ the same technique as we used for traversing namespaces .
The following code fragment shows how we can print some information about class members :
void print_class ( tree type ) { type = TYPE_MAIN_VARIANT ( type ) ; ... //
Traverse members . // decl_set set ; for ( tree d ( TYPE_FIELDS ( type ) ) ; d != 0 ; d = TREE_CHAIN ( d ) ) { switch ( TREE_CODE ( d ) ) { case TYPE_DECL : { if ( !
DECL_SELF_REFERENCE_P
( d ) ) set.insert ( d ) ; break ; } case FIELD_DECL : { if ( ! DECL_ARTIFICIAL ( d ) ) set.insert ( d ) ; break ; } default : { set.insert ( d ) ; break ; } } } for ( tree d ( TYPE_METHODS ( type ) ) ; d != 0 ; d = TREE_CHAIN ( d ) ) { if ( ! DECL_ARTIFICIAL ( d ) ) set.insert ( d ) ; } for ( decl_set : : iterator i ( set.begin ( ) ) , e ( set.end ( ) ) ; i != e ; ++i ) { print_decl ( * i ) ; } }
We can now try to run all this code on a C++ class that has some bases and members , for example :
class b1 {} ; class b2 {} ; class c : protected b1 , public virtual b2 { int i ; static int s ; void f ( ) ; c ( int ) ; ~c ( ) ; typedef int t ; class n {} ; } ;
And below is the output from our plugin .
Here we use the version that prints fully - qualified names for declarations :
class ::b1 at test.cxx : 1 class ::b2 at test.cxx : 2 var_decl ::_ZTI1c type record_type at test.cxx : 5 class ::c at test.cxx : 5 protected base ::b1 public virtual base ::b2 field_decl ::c::i type integer_type at test.cxx :6 var_decl ::c::s type integer_type at test.cxx : 7 function_decl ::c : :f type method_type at test.cxx : 8 function_decl ::c : : c type method_type at test.cxx:9 function_decl ::c::__base_ctor type method_type at test.cxx:9 function_decl ::c::__comp_ctor type method_type at test.cxx:9 function_decl ::c : : c type method_type at test.cxx:10 function_decl ::c::__base_dtor type method_type at test.cxx:10 function_decl ::c::__comp_dtor type method_type at test.cxx:10 type_decl ::c::t type integer_type at test.cxx:11 class ::c::n at test.cxx:12
Figuring out what the _ZTI1c , __base_ctor , __comp_ctor , __base_dtor , and __comp_dtor declarations are is left as an exercise for the reader .
And that ’s it for today as well as for the series .
There is a number of GCC AST areas , such as C++ templates , functions declarations , function bodied , #include information , custom # pragma ’s and attributes , etc. , that have n’t been covered .
However , I believe the GCC plugin and AST basics that were discussed in this and the two previous posts should be sufficient to get you started should you need to parse some C ++.
If you have any questions , comments , or know the answer to the exercise above , you are welcome to leave them below .
The complete source code for the plugin we have developed in this post is available as the plugin - 3.cxx file .
Since Arizona enacted a set of draconian immigration laws which many claim will “ exacerbate racial - profiling , ” much of the focus has been on the effect its implementation will have on the state ’s Latino population .
However , along with being home to almost two million Latinos , Arizona has the second largest total Native American population of any state .
While Native American tribes possess claims to Arizona lands that date back farther than any other group , they are often racially profiled and mistaken for undocumented immigrants of Latin American descent .
Freelance journalist and investigator Sarah Reynolds forwarded Wonk Room a video interview that she obtained with one Native American who is protesting Arizona ’s new law after having been racially profiled himself .
Vee Newton , who identifies himself as a Native American , told Reynolds that he was stopped at a police check point in Arizona after cops let blonde - haired people in the three cars ahead of him go by :
There was three vehicles in front of me and all the [ people in the ] vehicles in front of me had blonde hair .
And they let them go by , but they stopped me …and they pulled me over and asked me questions about what country I was from .
They asked me where I was coming from and where am I going and what am I doing .
The questions were stated to me in a tone that I felt was very degrading to me .
So I simply stated to them that I am a native of America , I am a native to the land and I am Native American .
This new bill targets people of my color . [ … ]
It creates racial profiling and Native American people fall under that .
Listen :
Newton , who was wearing traditional Native American attire during the interview , pointed out that if he wore “ something more comfortable , ” he would “ be pulled over easily . ”
Newton is not alone in his opposition .
Indian Country Today reports that “ many American Indians [ are ] alarmed that tribal sovereignty has been violated , with the looming possibility that individual liberties will be threatened . ”
John Lewis , director of the Inter Tribal Council of Arizona stated , “ This [ law ] impacts all indigenous people , and the lawmakers need to know it . ”
Ian Record , an education manager with the Native Nations Institute , further pointed out that “ It has to be greatly concerning to everyone that law - abiding citizens of those nations are likely to be pulled over . ”
Finally , Robert Warrior , the Osage president of the Native American and Indigenous Studies Association , highlighted the implicit irony of the law , claiming , “ It ought to go without saying that some of the people most impacted by this invidious law are descended from peoples who lived in the Sonoran Desert centuries before anyone even thought of the United States . ”
It ’s also worth noting that a study by the ACLU on racial profiling in Arizona found that “ while African - Americans , Latinos , Native - Americans and Asian - Americans are more likely to be stopped and searched by law enforcement on suspicion of carrying contraband , whites were actually more likely to be carrying contraband . ”
Andrea Christina Nill
Crossposted with permission from the Wonk Room .
ANDREW FOWLER , REPORTER :
It 's Australia 's biggest export industry , creating super profits for big companies and filling the Government 's coffers to overflowing .
The amount of money is staggering .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM , UNIVERSITY OF NEWCASTLE :
It could be well over $ 1 billion ... $ 1.4 billion .
ANDREW FOWLER : Australia 's riding a coal boom like never before , but there 's another side to this economic bonanza .
ANNE DRINAN , BEEF FARMER :
It 's a sort of dark underbelly .
DR TUAN AU :
If we ignore the problems and we do nothing about it 's the same as ... as murder .
ANDREW FOWLER :
In an area of Australia which for years was better known for its white wine than its black coal many are frightened and angry .
DI SNEDDEN , EDITOR , SINGLETON ARGUS : Sense of place is important to me ; not easy to just go .
ANDREW FOWLER : Tonight on Four Corners - a dirty business : the hidden costs of the coal boom , and dark deeds in a once green and pleasant land .
( On screen text : A DIRTY BUSINESS , Reporter : Andrew Fowler )
It 's a crisp early autumn morning here at Jerry 's Plains in the upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales .
The local GP is on his rounds .
He 's been to this property many times before .
There are three children here with breathing problems ; one of them in particular has been seriously ill .
( On screen : footage inside Gee household )
Inside the house it 's pandemonium .
Di Gee is trying to get her five children ready for school .
DI GEE , DAIRY FARMER , JERRY'S PLAIN : Door .
CHILD : Mum , do I get it ?
DI GEE :
It does n't matter who gets it .
( To Dr Tuan Au ) : Hi , how you going ?
DR TUAN AU , SINGLETON GP and OBSTETRICIAN : Hello
Di , how are you ?
Hello everybody .
CHILDREN ( in unison ) : Hi .
ANDREW FOWLER : Dr Tuan
Au is most concerned about Courtney , who 's on a cocktail of drugs to help control her condition .
DR TAUN AU ( to Di Gee ) :
How often does she have to use ventolin now ?
DI GEE : Ah , she 's on the ventolin every day - morning and afternoon , and she also has ... she has the seretide every morning and then the ventolin and then the seretide and her ventolin of an afternoon , or before she goes to bed .
ANDREW FOWLER : Last year she lost three months off school because of asthma .
It disappeared while she was on holiday on the coast , but returned when she came back home .
DI GEE ( to Dr Tuan Au ) :
She was good .
DR TAUN AU :
She was good .
DI GEE : Yeah , yep , yep , no .
She had no trouble .
She even said that she had felt a lot better within herself .
( End of footage )
ANDREW FOWLER : The Gee family have every reason to fear for their children 's health .
Just six weeks ago a huge orange cloud came sweeping up the valley over their dairy farm .
( On screen : footage of orange cloud of smoke in the distance ) .
It left a light dust on the ground and two of the children fighting for breath .
( End of footage )
DI GEE : Well , Shane Anne come up to me one day a couple of days after and she said ' Oh mum ' ... she said ' I 've had trouble breathing ' and so I just said to her to take her medication .
ANDREW FOWLER :
The cloud also had a serious impact on Courtney 's health .
DI GEE : Courtney came out and she had like headaches ; she had a runny nose , watery eyes .
She just was n't right at all .
She gets she gets really upset which makes it worse of course .
She ... after she has her medication and she still can't breathe she stresses a bit , which is n't really good ... which makes her asthma worse .
( On screen : footage of Dr Tuan Au with Courtney Gee )
DR TUAN AU ( to Courtney Gee ) : Now , if you can take a big breath in .
ANDREW FOWLER : Courtney 's just one of a large and increasing number of people reportedly suffering from asthma in the Upper Hunter .
They all tell a similar story .
DR TUAN AU :
Well , initially they said ... they ask me why when they go away on holiday they feel much better .
Their children does n't need to have a lot of the puffers or the asthma improve ; they can smell better , they can breathe better and when they come back their asthma getting worse .
( End of footage )
( On screen : re-enactment of Colin Stapleton driving truck through yellow dust )
ANDREW FOWLER : For others there 's been a more direct and unexpected assault on their health .
The driver of a truck on a highway further up the valley near Muswellbrook reckons he 's lucky to be breathing at all .
Ten months ago his driver 's cabin filled with toxic gas as he drove through a yellowy orange cloud which suddenly blew across the road from a nearby mine .
Semi-conscious he still managed to keep his ten tonne truck under control .
COLIN STAPLETON , TRUCK DRIVER , CAMBERWELL :
As soon as I drove into the dust cloud I got an instant headache from this yellow dust , and generally feeling not very well and felt like I was losing control , but I managed to ah stay on the road .
ANDREW FOWLER : Colin Stapleton 's been driving trucks for 20 years .
He says the cloud - thought to contain nitrous oxide - came from a blast at the Drayton open cut mine .
The operators of the Drayton mine told Four Corners that an abnormal blast had created the cloud , but they declined to say what was in it .
The Department of Environment told Four Corners Drayton 's had n't broken any rules .
( End of re-enactment )
COLIN STAPLETON : After getting out of the cloud it only took a few minutes for it to ... for me to come back okay .
I phoned the mines involved and let them know and also the Department of Environment and the mines were sorry about it and said they would try not to let it happen again .
ANDREW FOWLER : No one warned Stapleton the toxins in the cloud were dangerous , but later he received a mysterious call from a senior departmental officer .
COLIN STAPLETON : About a fortnight later I got a call back from the Department of Environment .
They did n't want to go on record ; they wanted an off record report to me to say to get my health checked over after going through this yellow cloud as the effects could have been quite serious .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So clearly somebody in the Environment Department thought there was a serious danger that you 'd been placed in and yet they were n't prepared to tell you that on the record publicly .
COLIN STAPLETON : No , definitely not .
It was definitely a keep this quiet sort of call .
( On screen : footage of 4WD driving along a dirt road )
PETER KENNEDY , COAL MINER , MUSWELLBROOK :
We 're on an access track leading up the summit of the highest outlook in the Hunter Valley - or the Muswellbrook area - known to the locals as Mt Arthur .
ANDREW FOWLER :
If you want to understand why at times there 's a fear of speaking out in the Hunter Valley , take a trip with Peter Kennedy .
He works for a large open cut coal miner .
Despite being threatened with the sack if he identifies his employer , he 's decided to speak out .
As we drive up a track towards the summit of Mt Arthur near Muswellbrook , you begin to get a glimpse of how much coal dominates the Upper Hunter Valley .
Our guide for the day certainly knows the territory well .
( To Peter Kennedy )
So what have we got here Peter ?
PETER KENNEDY :
This is a large open cut mining operation just on the outskirts of Muswellbrook .
ANDREW FOWLER :
The view from the top reveals its true magnitude .
This area of Australia now has 14 open cut mines - pumping out 99 million tonnes of coal a year for the furnaces of Japan , India and China .
A little over 100 kilometres to the south the port of Newcastle has become the biggest black coal exporter in the world , and the mines are about to get a whole lot bigger .
In the next six years , according to one estimate , the output will double .
( End of footage )
( On screen : graphic of Hunter Valley region of New South Wales map )
It 's a daunting prospect for the 40,000 people who live in the Upper Hunter .
From Muswellbrook in the north to Singleton in the south , already there 's nowhere to run from the mines .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler and Peter Kennedy at Mt Arthur )
PETER KENNEDY :
Over my shoulder in this general direction over here is another massive development that 's planned to be undertaken in the next few years .
Rio Tinto plan to mine an area known as Mt Pleasant and that 's going to be a huge development .
And further over my shoulder down this way ... down in this part of the valley Xstrata are currently developing another 10.5 million tonne per annum open pit mine known as Mangoola Coal .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So this whole area surrounding us , all the way around , is going to be an open cut coalmine ?
PETER KENNEDY : Eventually .
Eventually all mined , yes .
( Editor 's Note : For more details of coal mines in the Upper Hunter , see abc.net.au/4corners )
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
It 's the nightmare scenario Peter Kennedy fears most .
More mines might be good for business , but they also mean more pollution ; tonnes of it .
Latest yearly statistics show a total of 108 tonnes of toxic metals , including arsenic , cadmium , chromium , cobalt and lead , poured into the air of the Upper Hunter from mines and power stations , along with 122,000 tonnes of sulphur dioxide .
Up here on Mount Arthur there 's a ringside view .
( To Peter Kennedy , pointing at dust cloud in the distance ) I mean look at that .
That 's going up quite high is n't it ?
PETER KENNEDY :
It is indeed .
That 's way above what is ... normally would be acceptable .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So where 's that dust going ?
PETER KENNEDY :
Well , with the wind direction that we 're experiencing at the moment that would be blowing in the general direction of the township of Muswellbrook .
ANDREW FOWLER :
That 's rather a lot of it too .
PETER KENNEDY :
It is , it is , and it 'll get worse as the day goes on .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
The dust is rising as a gusting wind whips across the tops of the mines .
Water trucks have been trying to keep the dust down with little effect .
Downwind , Muswellbrook cops it sweet .
PETER KENNEDY :
It 's having a fairly detrimental effect on the health of the local community .
We are seeing rising levels of asthma and bronchitis , and whilst ever this practice is allowed to continue those figures will continue to rise .
ANDREW FOWLER :
And we can some water trucks over there ; they 're spraying water down .
Is that having much of an effect ?
Does that work ?
PETER KENNEDY :
Ah yes , to a certain degree , but you have to keep at it and at it to keep the keep the dust down , and the wind the wind gets stronger generally in the afternoon and they lose the effect of watering down the over - burden dumps and the haul loads leading in and out of the pit .
( End of footage )
ANDREW FOWLER : Everyone knows the dust is dangerous .
The mining companies are compelled to operate a series of dust monitors throughout the region .
Deidre Olofsson has one in her Camberwell backyard .
It 's right next door to the Ashton mine , which she says causes her most trouble .
The operators of the Ashton mine told Four Corners it complies with the highest environmental standards .
( On screen : footage of Deidre Olofsson on her property )
DEIDRE OLOFSSON :
It 's that bad that you can't go outside some days ; it 's just thick and you can taste it in your mouth and it's in your eyes and you 've got to wipe it away from your face .
There was a blast here once and I was down just feeding my old horse , I could n't see the old horse because it was that thick .
ANDREW FOWLER :
When the dust comes , so too does the asthma .
Both Deidre and her son Bjorn are on medication .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON : Well it ... it gives you a cough continually , so now you 've got a cough at night and you cough during the day .
And now Bjorn 's got a cough .
Now , he 's started in the last three years ; he 's had a cough ... coughing and coughing .
And that 's where he 's had ... he 's been on puffers , steroid tablets , antibiotics till he shakes and rattles and rolls and then it gets ... then it just makes him feel more depressed because they 're coughing all the time and they 're missing school .
So it 's a just a domino effect and you just can 't ... you can't get around it .
And everybody tells you ' It 's environmental , you 've got to move ' , and that 's it .
ANDREW FOWLER :
When the dust gets too heavy the monitor sends out an automatic electronic warning .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON ( to interviewer ) :
That 's the radio link .
ANDREW FOWLER : Right .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON : Yeah , with the SMS signal , which sends it back to the Glendell mine .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Deidre driving )
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
But the Glendell mine is kilometres away - almost certainly not the source of all of the dust .
There are three open cut mines much closer to her property .
The Glendell mine is operated by Xstrata .
The mine 's holding one of its community consultation meetings today ; Deidre 's going along .
She reckons she might be able to get some straight answers .
Xstrata is seen by many as one of the better mines in the Upper Hunter .
Deidre Olofsson 's not against mining or the electricity generating industry .
In fact , she works as an electrician at a local power station .
Her inside knowledge makes her a dangerous adversary , though she knows they 'll be some difficult areas to negotiate .
She 's been swotting up on dust emissions from the mines .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Xstrata community consultation meeting )
It 's a well attended meeting .
Others are equally concerned about dust levels in the valley .
Deidre points out that the levels on one particular day shoot through the red line marking excessive exposure .
The safety level is 50 micrograms * per cubic metre , but on this day it was much higher .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON : But it 's pretty high ; like it 's 80 .
So you 're saying that 's coming from somewhere else ?
Do you shut down when it gets to that much , even if it 's coming from somewhere else ?
UNIDENTIFIED MINE REPRESENTATIVE : Yep .
What we do is we have our ...
DEIDRE OLOFSSON : Because I mean , it 's a lot of dust .
UNIDENTIFIED MINE REPRESENTATIVE : Yep .
( End of footage )
ANDREW FOWLER : Although the reading 's high on Xstrata 's monitor in Deidre 's backyard , there 's no evidence that the dust came from their mine ,
In fact , there 's no evidence which mine the dust came from at all .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON : Sometimes it was up to 80 and 100 .
Now that 's beyond health ... that 's a health issue , and yet they wo n't be charged that because it 's not their whole ... it 's not all their contribution .
The problem is it 's a cumulative impact and nobody gets charged on a cumulative .
ANDREW FOWLER :
For a system designed to protect the health of local residents it 's a frightening muddle .
Many of the people from Camberwell village have already given up and moved out .
In all 100 of the population of 150 have gone .
Nearby , farmers too have found themselves badly affected by the mines .
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler speaking with Wendy Bowman )
WENDY BOWMAN , FORMER DAIRY FARMER :
And they started virtually on our boundary and we were covered in dust and we then found that we were ... our milk was being rejected because of dust .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : The dust and pollution forced Wendy Bowman out .
She moved to another property away from the mine .
Now the miners are coming again .
( To Wendy Bowman )
You 're not prepared to take the money and run ?
You 're going to ...
WENDY BOWMAN : I 've taken the money twice .
They sent us broke on the first one .
I took it took it there because I could n't stay there any longer with the noise and the dust .
I do n't need any more money .
Why ?
I do n't I do n't want anymore .
They offered me about 2.5 times what this place is worth .
I said no .
I 'd rather save it for the future .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So you 're going to stand here and fight .
WENDY BOWMAN : Yeah .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Wendy Bowman 's stamina to fight the mines has not been dimmed by recent news from her doctor .
It seems the milk was n't the only place the dust ended up .
WENDY BOWMAN : I 've got dust in my lungs .
I 've had them ...
I had a CT scan last year because I kept getting this funny raspy little cough .
And we all say it 's a dust cough ; it 's only people who 've got it in Singleton .
Definitely I have dust in my lungs .
And I then went to a specialist and he told me I 've lost 20 per cent of the use of my air tubes and my lungs .
It 's not affecting me , except I puff a bit more going up the hill .
ANDREW FOWLER : Could he show that the dust definitely came from the mines ?
WENDY BOWMAN : Well , he 's just said where else would it come from ?
I 've lived here ...
I 've lived in the Singleton district on the land for 50 years and this has only happened in the last 10 , while I was living down at Ricks 's Creek where the dust was so bad .
I was so much closer to a mine down there and whenever they 'd blast , the dust would just blow into the house ; a bit like inside where it comes in .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler speaking with Alan Noble on his farm )
ANDREW FOWLER : Just three kilometres away on the other side of Camberwell village , the mines and their dust have already defeated Alan Noble .
ALAN NOBLE , FORMER DAIRY FARMER : Now , that 's what they used to use for rolling over .
They 'd tap that into a log and pull it and roll it over .
ANDREW FOWLER :
He 's packing up and getting ready to leave ; quitting the land his forebears have farmed since the early 1800s .
The mines have been steadily closing in on Alan Noble 's property over the years .
Now , they 're just on the other side of the creek .
ALAN NOBLE : Here , when that breeze was blowing , but the fumes and that were coming .
It 's not just the coal dust , in my books it 's the fumes and all the other things that come with it that 's ... that 's making the dam ... doing the damage .
ANDREW FOWLER :
He 's feeling encircled , and he 's right .
ALAN NOBLE : I 'm leaving because of the coal mines , and I do n't mind admitting it .
I 've got a Xstrata mines , I 've got Ravenswood East , I 've got Glendell , I 've got Urana , I 've got Ravenswood West and a couple of others back in the Westerly side , which all comes back in through here cause they 're just about north west of me .
I 've got Victor 's Creek down this way down here and then Camberwell , which is now Veil or Integra , and now they 've started another one on the south east of me , which is the north pit of Integra .
And you get the south easterly winds and they just come straight through here .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Alan Noble has put out his childhood toys for anyone who wants them .
( To Alan Noble , pointing to rusted children 's bicycles ) :
And what about that one there ?
ALAN NOBLE :
That one where , that that 's definitely the one I used to ride when I was ... would be 70 years ago I 'd say .
ANDREW FOWLER :
He reckons they 're rustier than they should be because of pollution from the mines , and it 's most just the bikes that have been hit .
ALAN NOBLE : I 've had I 've had bladder cancer .
Now that I 've got prostate cancer I honestly believe that it is partly hooked up to the ... what 's in the atmosphere around here .
And you 're ... even breathing some of my family that live in the area are having asthma problems we 've never ever had in my family never before .
ANDREW FOWLER : For Alan Noble , walking away from a farm his family 's owned for six generations will be difficult .
But he argues the air is so polluted it 's not worth staying .
ALAN NOBLE : I 'm very suspicious about what it 'll do to people 's health in years to come .
I 'd like to see all my grandkids right out of Singleton actually and at somewhere away from the coal mine area .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler speaking with Nick Higginbotham )
From near his cliff top home in Newcastle Nick Higginbotham may have a grand view of the ships that carry the coal , but it 's as close as he wants to get .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM : I think we can see probably 25 to 30 ships at the moment , but they go all the way down to the Central Coast ..
ANDREW FOWLER : Wow .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
And so they 're queuing up waiting to go into Newcastle Harbour , which is the highest black coal exporting harbour I think in the world now .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
He 's an expert in clinical epidemiology and biostatistics at the University of Newcastle .
( To Nick Higginbotham ) Would you be prepared to live in the Upper Hunter ?
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
Well , that 's an interesting question .
I mean , I certainly would n't be prepared to raise a family or to personally live in a place that exposed to this much pollution .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Associate Professor Higginbotham has researched the impact of large scale mining development on the environment and people 's health .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
In my opinion , the air in the Upper Hunter Valley is not very good at all .
There 's also quite a bit of pollution that comes out of the two power stations in the Upper Hunter .
And the combined the combined effects of the dust produced by mining processes and transport of coal and the two power stations has caused , over the last say ten or 15 years , quite a bit of distress among residents of the Upper Hunter , who are concerned whether being exposed to this much pollution has some kind of an impact on their health .
( End of footage )
ANDREW FOWLER :
There 's no better place to understand the tensions inflicted on the community by mining than the offices of the local newspaper - the Singleton Argus .
The paper 's editor , Di Sneddon , walks a difficult line between the mines and those they affect .
DI SNEDDON :
This debate has been going on for many , many years , with ... probably back , maybe even 1992 , that there 's been a concern ... because there is , you know , the power stations as well as the mining industry - heavy industry .
I think it 's probably reached a peak now because there is so much expansion of mining industry .
ANDREW FOWLER : Recently her uncle 's dairy farm was bought out by the mines .
She 's well aware of the pain mining can inflict .
( On screen : footage of Di Sneddon in Singleton Argus office )
ANDREW FOWLER ( to Di Sneddon ) :
What do you say to people who say 'look , if you 're too close to the mine you should just pack up and move on '
DI SNEDDON : Okay .
I knew you 'd ask that .
I 'm a fourth generation Singletonian .
A sense of place ... sense of place is important to me ; not easy to just go .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So being able to be in Singleton ; to see the place the way it is ...
DI SNEDDON : Mmm .
ANDREW FOWLER :
To see the mountains ; to see the valley the way it is , is important to you ?
DI SNEDDON ( nodding head ) : Mmm .
( End of footage )
ANDREW FOWLER : Just 15 kilometres to the east of Singleton Dr John Drinan , a retired agricultural scientist , now runs a beef cattle farm .
Along with dozens of other locals he became concerned about what appeared to be increasing levels of ill health in the community .
Like any good scientist he set about gathering the evidence in a methodical way .
He held a public meeting and put out a questionnaire .
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler speaking with Dr John Drinan )
DR JOHN DRINAN , BEEF FARMER and AGRICULTURAL SCIENTIST :
First of all , the survey that we did of ... it was put into chemists shops and schools and places like that , showed that ... around about 350 responded .
They all confirmed what we'd heard at the public meeting .
We believe our health is being adversely affected by what we 're breathing .
ANDREW FOWLER :
These are things like asthma ...
DR JOHN DRINAN : Asthma , other sinusitis , other respiratory problems and allergies and eye problems , cancers and so on .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Based on detailed analysis of publicly available air quality statistics and their own research , Dr Drinan and the group drew up a submission .
It called for an independent investigation into health in the Upper Hunter .
In November last year , they sent it to the New South Wales Government .
DR JOHN DRINAN : First of all , we want this to be done independently .
Secondly , we want a health study which compares the health statistics of the Singleton shire - or if they like the Hunter region - against shires which do not have coal mining and power generation .
The third element is then to say well , we know what 's in the air but are the concentrations of those nasties , the hydrochloric acids and the sulphuric acids , the mercuries , cadmiums and all those sorts of things , are they at levels which are in fact dangerous ?
And that we do not know .
ANNE DRINAN : It 's a sort of dark underbelly that exists in the Upper Hunter which is something that we'd like to have investigated further by the health professionals .
Tell us if it is in fact as beautiful as we think it is , or this in fact is an area where we 've got issues with our health that we need to be helped with .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
Five months after the original submission and two follow - up letters - nothing .
Not a word in response from the State Government .
DR JOHN DRINAN :
We have n't had a thing .
In other words , the matter is being ignored .
ANDREW FOWLER :
So why do you think they 're ignoring you ?
DR JOHN DRINAN : Oh I think it I think there 's 1,500 million little reasons why it 's being ignored .
I think , look ...
ANDREW FOWLER :
When you say 1,500 million reasons , you 're saying 1.5 ...
DR JOHN DRINAN : Billion dollars .
Yes .
ANDREW FOWLER : Of royalties that are paid ?
DR JOHN DRINAN : Royalties and earnings from power stations and from coal transport .
Now that 's what ... that 's the only possible reason we can come up with .
Now ...
ANDREW FOWLER :
Are you really saying then that the Government 's putting the royalties it gets from power stations and coalmining ahead of the health concerns of the people of the Upper Hunter ?
DR JOHN DRINAN : Well , I I can't be quite as ...
I can't be dogmatic about that , but I mean we can't see any other reasons why would n't they tell us what 's going on .
( End of footage )
DI SNEDDON : It 's not that it has n't been asked for many , many times .
Officially , in our paper , probably back as far as 2007 please can we have a study .
More officially by the local environment group here ; November last year - beautiful letter , beautiful submission , very polite , a nice way to go , can we please look at this , these are the issues , very well researched .
Not even a response from the Government to say that they have heard , or that they 've received the letter ; no response at all .
So you sort of start to wonder then why they would n't bother to look at that .
Whether it is , you know , ' What are they going on about , those country hicks ?
They 've got no idea what they 're asking for ' ; whether it 's that .
But I think a response ...
I think that we 're certainly ... while there 's a shadow of doubt , people have the right to know what that information ... what that study might reveal .
ANDREW FOWLER : A day after Four Corners conducted these interviews word came down from the Premier 's office .
Yes , they had received the submission .
No , there would n't be an independent inquiry .
Disgusted at what he saw as the shabby treatment of the people he cares for , a local Singleton GP stepped forward .
( On screen : footage of Dr Tuan Au and nurse with patients )
DR TUAN AU ( to patient ) : Nearly there .
ANDREW FOWLER :
If the State Government wo n't carry out the research into the affects of mining on health in the Upper Hunter Valley , then Dr Tuan Au will do a study himself .
Nearly 900 students are taking part in a test to see if they have asthma related problems .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE : Okay , go .
Well done .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : Next please .
Hi , what 's your name sweetie ?
ALEXANDRA MATTSON , PATIENT : Alexandra Mattson .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : Alexandra Mattson .
M-A-T-T-S - O - N. You 're Mellissa 's daughter ?
ALEXANDRA MATTSON : Yep .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : Oh , lovely .
ANDREW FOWLER :
For the students it 's a welcome break from school routine , but it can still be hard work .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE ( to patient ) : Nah , not good enough .
And you 'll see why in a minute .
That was ... you need to get a peak .
So , it 's a really big effort to start this .
So really ...
( Patient sucks in breath sharply ) .
Much better .
ANDREW FOWLER :
Once the tests are completed the information will compared with the lung function of children in rural areas where there are no mines or power stations .
DR TUAN AU :
And we see if any kid here in Singleton around the Hunter compare to other kids in Foster or near the seaside area , we can compare to see any difference .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : Okay , who 's next ?
Ho , come on in .
What 's your name ?
UNIDENTIFIED PATIENT
2 : Rachel .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : Rachel , do you get asthma at all ?
PATIENT 2 : When I have a cold .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE 2 : When you have a cold .
So are you on puffers at all ?
ANDREW FOWLER ( to Dr Tuan Au ) :
You 've done this work with volunteers .
Is it the job of a general practitioner in the country to do the work that the Government is paid to do ?
DR TUAN AU : I think it 's like with a general practice in the community here I 'm more thinking about prevention , because nowadays we just concentrate on treating disease , but we 're not really treating the cause of the problem .
So if we can prevent the disease happen in the first place , it is money well spent .
Think of how much those costs of treating a certain type of disease like heart problem or respiration problem .
If it can be prevented , it 's cheaper .
ANDREW FOWLER : Are you angry at the Government for what they do ?
DR TUAN AU : I 'm not angry with the Government .
I 'm more disappointed at the Government there .
They should protect the community .
They should provide a good environment for everybody and especially the young children .
( End of footage )
DI GEE : I think what Dr Au's doing is really good .
It makes you wonder sometimes whether ... why is there no other support out there for him where he 's got to do it on his own ?
Why is n't anyone supporting him in what he 's doing ?
So is that sort of saying , you know , there is something there and they do n't want us to know ?
ANDREW FOWLER :
In the time we spent in the Upper Hunter Valley bronchial problems were by far the greatest concerns expressed to us , but another medical condition also repeatedly came up - cancer .
( On screen : footage of Andre Fowler accompanying Dr Tuan Au on home consultation )
DR TUAN AU : Now we 're going to see Peter .
He had a brain tumour about two years ago .
ANDREW FOWLER :
What 's so comforting for many of the cancer patients that Dr Au visits , is the community support that many of them receive .
DR TUAN AU ( to Peter McMahon ) : Hello Peter , how are you ,
PETER MCMAHON : Good .
Howya going ?
DR TUAN AU : Hi Narelle .
How are you ?
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) :
The friends and neighbours are there for them to help out .
Peter and his wife Narelle have just been to the hospital in Sydney .
The news is n't good .
The tumour 's back , and this time it 's inoperable .
NARELLE MCMAHON ( to Dr Tuan Au ) :
So , the chemo 's not working , surgeries not working ...
ANDREW FOWLER ( to Peter and Narelle McMahon ) :
We hear a lot of different stories of people having cancers and cancer problems in this area .
Do you also hear those stories ?
NARELLE MCMAHON , SINGLETON RESIDENT :
We know quite a few .
The house next door , there 've been two people that have lived there over the years ; one had bowel cancer .
We do n't know if he 's still alive - they moved away from the area .
And an elderly woman she got throat cancer and she passed away .
There 's been a few up the road .
Recently there was another man who ... he was diagnosed a week after Peter , and he only survived six months .
One of our old neighbours - Carol across the road - she had a benign tumour , and Peter across the road he had a benign tumour thirty years ago .
PETER NAGLOST , SINGLETON RESIDENT : The Government 's reaping , you know , millions from royalties .
The coal mines are making billions from the coal , but the least they can do is just try and find out whether of any of it's causing any health problems and everyone will be happy .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage of Andrew Fowler and Peter McMahon inspecting Peter 's vintage Buick car )
PETER MCMAHON , SINGLETON RESIDENT : Yeah , there 's the old girl .
ANDREW FOWLER : It 's fantastic .
PETER MCMAHON : it 's a lot of work , but I enjoy it .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Peter McMahon spent years restoring his treasured Buick .
( To Peter McMahon ) So , how does it feel ?
PETER MCMAHON : Oh mate , it 's good to drive .
It 's lovely .
ANDREW FOWLER :
Do you think you 'll get a chance to drive it again ?
PETER MCMAHON : Well , I hope so , but with my chances I do n't think so , but I 'd like to .
ANDREW FOWLER ( voiceover ) : Peter will hit the road tomorrow , but not in this car ; travelling to Sydney for another round of treatment .
( End of footage )
( on screen : archive footage of Carmel Tebbutt )
We asked the NSW Minister for Health and Deputy Premier Carmel Tebbutt for an on camera interview to answer the questions raised in this program .
She declined .
( End of footage )
In a written response the Minister rejected the call for the independent health study saying it would , and I quote , ' not be conclusive due to the relatively small population of the Upper Hunter Valley ' .
It 's a novel argument that may not go down too well with the 40,213 people who live there .
The best the NSW Government can offer for those demanding an independent inquiry is a plan to install more dust monitors .
Yet only three of the 14 will measure fine particles ; the ones that get deep into the lungs and stay here .
They 're so small they measure just two point five microns .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
The 2.5s can find their way even further into the lungs and they 're even more damaging to the health because they can they can get into the bloodstream .
And a there 's a large ... well , there 's a there 's a range of diseases and illnesses that accrue from this kind of particulate penetration of the lung system .
ANDREW FOWLER :
The international scientific evidence on the health effects of coal mining is mounting .
A report this year on open cut coal mining in the United States found elevated rates of mortality , lung cancer and chronic heart , lung and kidney disease among people living near coal mines .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
Well , we know that for every ten micrograms increase in the concentration of dust , we get a half a per cent increase in the mortality rate .
Now , there 's been a lot of research overseas which has looked at particulate matters and a whole range of issues such as cardiovascular disease , pulmonary disease , asthma , respiratory issues .
So there is a substantial and healthy literature which allows us to draw very strong conclusions about increasing the amount of dust in the in the atmosphere and the increase in disease and death .
( On screen : footage in Dr Tuan Au's clinic )
ANDREW FOWLER :
The preliminary results of Dr Au's work with Singleton school children bear out these studies .
DR TUAN AU :
When we tested the kids in Singleton here we had about one in six have a low lung function test .
ANDREW FOWLER :
The national average for asthma among children is one in nine .
ALEX MATTSON : Okay , thank you .
UNIDENTIFIED NURSE : Alright , thanks Alex .
( End of footage )
( On screen : footage at swimming pool )
ANDREW FOWLER : Down at the local pool we again meet up with Alex Mattson .
She 's with her mother and sister .
The results of the test are in .
They confirm that Alex 's lung function is below average .
( To Melissa Mattson ) :
Why did you agree to your daughter being tested at Singleton School ?
MELISSA MATTSON , SINGLETON RESIDENT : I felt it was a good opportunity to find out how the mining environment is affecting our children in the community .
ANDREW FOWLER : Isabella , Alex 's sister , is already confirmed as an asthmatic , and she swims regularly to improve her lung capacity .
Like her brother and sister she also suffers severely from allergies .
MELISSA MATTSON : Well , all three children get rashes all over their face - dermatitis and sorosis .
We sent on a family holiday to Darwin in June / July last year and within three to four days every single rash had cleared up and when we came back from holidays it only took two to three days again for them all to come back .
ANDREW FOWLER :
These early lung function results will hardly please the NSW Government .
Even before Dr Au's work has been completed the Health Minister told Four Corners that his study ' will not advance knowledge about the link between emissions in the Upper Hunter and asthma in children ' .
ANDREW FOWLER ( to Dr Tuan Au ) :
So what happens if they do n't do anything about it ?
DR TUAN AU :
Well , I do n't know .
What I 'm going to do is , well , do it again until the Government will listen to it and I will let the history be the judge .
If we ignore the problems and we do nothing about it 's the same as murder .
ANDREW FOWLER : Dr Au's medical partner at his Singleton surgery certainly is n't ignoring the problem .
DR CRAIG BARRY , SINGLETON GP :
There 's a fair few reasons we 've picked to move ; family lifestyle reasons .
In the medical profession I can work anywhere in the world in and I suppose for my children 's sake is their health as well .
Long term is that there 's probably better air quality elsewhere to be .
I find that when we go to the coast or out of the Hunter is that their symptoms seem to reduce down , not using their medication as much ; returning and using ... having to get back on puffers and nasal sprays .
Yeah , after returning after a couple of days .
DR TUAN AU :
Well , I think well I 've been here for 14 years now .
I have good family and wonderful community and friend here .
I can't just pack up and leave .
I hope with everybody working together we can change for the community .
I think our community 's not against mining company or any power station ; they just want to have a change .
They would like the Government to listen to them ; listen to their ... what they request , and because it 's their life and their family , and if we not doing anything else , the one who we lose is our family .
ANDREW FOWLER :
It 's a view echoed through the communities of the valley .
They wo n't give in without a fight .
DEIDRE OLOFSSON :
What we were doing it was to make the Government realise that we need a health study .
These are the things that are happening and to expose what is happening to get them actually to take notice and stop sticking their heads in the sand and actually listen to the people like they should be doing .
And not to the actual companies ; it 's about time they looked at the community and how they 're going to help their health .
ASSOC PROFESSOR NICK HIGGINBOTHAM :
This is environmental injustice .
It 's a very stark case where economic incentives ... political incentives are disadvantaging the citizens of a region .
I mean some would say - and we would agree - that there 's a sacrifice going on ; that these townships , these communities are sacrificed to the greater good of economic benefit for the state of NSW , and for the companies that that make their profits .
[ End of transcript ]
* Editor 's note :
The initial figure was incorrectly given as " 50 milligrams " .
( 23 April 2010 )
Return to program page ... ' " A Dirty Business "
Another year , another crisis .
If we spent last year worried that big banks were going to fail , the fear of the moment is that entire governments may go under .
The anxieties about “ sovereign debt ” have been most acute in Europe , where the infelicitously named PIIGS countries — Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , and Spain — have huge debt burdens , and where Greece in particular is in dire need of assistance .
( It owes four hundred billion dollars , against an annual G.D.P. of around three hundred and forty billion and shrinking . )
And now people are wondering if American state governments are headed for their own Greek tragedy .
Last week , the Times suggested that the states could be plunged into a debt crisis , and the Wall Street Journal asked , “ Who Will Default First : Greece or California ? ”
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
It ’s not an outlandish question .
Besides great climates and lovely beaches , California and Greece share a fondness for dysfunctional politics and feckless budgeting .
While American states are typically required to balance their budgets annually , that has n’t stopped them from amassing a pile of long - term debt by issuing municipal bonds .
And , like Greece and other E.U. countries , states have used accounting legerdemain to under - report the amount they owe , even while accumulating huge , unfunded pension obligations .
Just as a default by Greece ( whose bonds are held by many big European banks ) would have nasty ripple effects across the European economy , a state - government default would have all sorts of unpleasant consequences , as state bonds have traditionally been considered a thoroughly safe investment .
For all this , though , the comparison has been overblown .
Our states ’ debt burden , while sizable , is far more manageable than that of the PIIGS , which owe three times as much relative to G.D.P. as American state and local governments .
And though states will certainly have to cut their budgets again this year , the cuts will be smaller ( and therefore more politically palatable ) than those of , say , Ireland , which is cutting government spending by almost nine per cent .
Most important , the states have a fundamental advantage over euro - zone nations : they ’re part of a country , not an ill - defined union , so they can count on help from the federal government .
Much of the assistance that the states get from Washington is close to automatic : in normal times , the government sends almost half a trillion dollars in aid ( for everything from Medicaid to highways and education ) directly to the states .
And it can generally be counted on to step up its efforts in a crisis ; last year ’s stimulus sent more than a hundred and fifty billion dollars to state and local governments .
There ’s a long - standing tradition of this : one of the federal government ’s first acts was to assume the debts that states had run up during the American Revolution .
This meant that frugal states had to help pay the debts of profligate ones .
But the assumption was that closing gaps between the states by some measure of redistribution was in the national interest .
The theory is that we hang together in times of trouble lest we all end up hanging separately .
In the E.U. , things are very different .
For all the lip service paid to “ Europe ” as an entity , local interests consistently trump continental ones , as evidenced by the fact that it took Europe months to agree to help if Greece finds itself unable to finance its debts .
Despite the large economic imbalances between the E.U. ’s members , there are few tools for correcting them .
The E.U. does have structural subsidies for weaker economies , but they ’re quite small , and there is no obvious mechanism for channelling aid to countries that get in trouble .
( Indeed , the E.U. constitution explicitly includes a “ no bailout ” clause . )
Worse still , the single currency means that struggling countries like Greece and Portugal can’t devalue to boost exports and create jobs .
Their only option is to slash budgets to the bone .
Countries like Greece and Ireland need to learn to live within their means , of course .
But in the middle of a severe recession steep spending cuts and tax increases can be disastrous .
The refusal of European countries ( especially Germany ) to bail out profligate neighbors , although perfectly understandable , has increased the chances that Europe as a whole will suffer a double - dip recession .
In the U.S. , by contrast , federal aid to the states softened the impact of the recession , allowing the economy to start growing again ; while states still had to cut thirty - one billion in spending , the stimulus aid saved hundreds of thousands of jobs .
All this aid comes at a price , of course : it increases moral hazard , and it increases the national deficit .
But the federal government is able to borrow money at exceptionally cheap rates , and , at a time like this , when the economy is still trying to find its feet , forcing states to cancel building projects and furlough teachers and policemen makes little economic sense .
( Indeed , there ’s a strong case to be made that more of the original stimulus package should have gone to state aid . )
The European model would do more harm than good , as American history shows : in the early eighteen - forties , after the bursting of a credit bubble , many states found themselves in a debt crisis .
The federal government refused to bail them out , and eight states defaulted — a move that cut off their access to credit and helped sink the economy deeper into depression .
The U.S. did then what Europe is doing now , putting the interests of fiscally stronger states above the interests of the community as a whole .
We seem to have learned our lesson .
If Europe wants to be more than just Germany and a bunch of other countries , it should do the same . ♦
Enlarge Handout via AP
The Tucson , congressional office of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was vandalized a few hours after the House vote overhauling the nation 's health care system , authorities said Monday .
WASHINGTON 
The FBI is investigating acts of vandalism and a death threat aimed at Democrats who voted for the health care legislation .
A freshman Democrat from Virginia reported that a gas line had been severed at his brother 's home , and two congresswomen — one in New York and another in Arizona — said windows at their district offices were smashed .
" A significant number , meaning more than 10 " members received threats , said Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland , and officials from the FBI and U.S. Capitol Police talked with House Democrats Wednesday about how to protect themselves .
Hoyer and other Democrats said the incidents may have been the work of angry opponents of the health care legislation , which President Obama signed Tuesday .
Rep. Louise Slaughter , D - N.Y. , who on Wednesday disclosed two " alarming " incidents that occurred last week , blamed Republican leadership for " fanning the flames . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio condemned such misconduct .
" Violence and threats are unacceptable , " Boehner said Wednesday on Fox News .
" Yes , I know there is anger , but let 's take that anger , and go out and register people to vote , go volunteer on a political campaign . "
The FBI is " seeking to identify those responsible " for threats against members of Congress , spokeswoman Katherine Schweit said Wednesday .
She did not know how many threats had been made .
" Anybody who has information , we want them to contact us , " Schweit said .
Slaughter , who had a prominent role in passing the historic legislation as chairwoman of the House Rules Committee , said a window in a district office was shattered by a brick and a voicemail " referencing snipers " was left on a campaign office phone .
She said the FBI , Capitol Police and local authorities are investigating .
Rep. Tom Perriello , D - Va. , said the FBI and local authorities are investigating the incident at his brother 's house .
Perriello , who defeated Republican Virgil Goode by fewer than 800 votes in 2008 , has been a target of conservative ire because of his vote for health care .
Earlier this week , a " Tea Party " activist posted Perriello 's brother 's address on a blog , mistakenly identifying it as the congressman 's home and urging readers to " drop by ... and express their thanks regarding his vote for health care . "
" While it is too early to say anything definitive regarding political motivations behind this act , " Perriello said in a statement Wednesday , " it 's never too early for political leaders to condemn threats of violence , particularly as threats to other members of Congress and their children escalate . "
Mike Troxel , the blogger who posted the Perriello address , could not be reached for comment Wednesday and his website was inaccessible .
Troxel is a " participant " in a Tea Party group in Lynchburg , Va. , said Mark Lloyd , the group 's chairman .
Tea Party members are conservatives who oppose increased government spending and regulations .
Lloyd said in an e-mailed statement that his group does not " encourage violence , damage to property , or criminal activity of any sort . "
He added : " If bad taste and poor judgment were a crime , then most of Congress would be behind bars . "
In Arizona early Monday morning — shortly after the health care bill passed the House — vandals smashed the glass door at the Tucson office of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz . , her office said .
Giffords ' spokesman , C.J. Karamargin , said a security guard reported the incident hours after he and others had left the office after watching the health care vote on television .
Giffords voted for the legislation .
" That was the frightening thing , that people were here just before this happened , " Karamargin said in a telephone interview from the Tucson office .
" We feel lucky no one was injured . "
He said the office had received many phone calls with " nasty and rude and hateful comments " from opponents of the health care bill .
President Obama believes that " people should have a right to ... passionate views , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said .
However , Gibbs said , people should " exercise those views not in a way that threatens anybody 's safety or security , not in any way that foments violence . "
Griselda L�pez P�rez , supuesta segunda esposa de Joaqu�n Guzm�n Loera , es una de las personas detenidas tras un operativo especial ejecutado por la Subprocuradur�a Especializada en Delincuencia Organizada en Culiac�n
Joaqu�n El Chapo Guzm�n Est� casado en segundas nupcias con Griselda L�pez P�rez con la que procre� cuatro hijos .
( Foto : Archivo .
EL UNIVERSAL )
Culiac�n | Jueves 13 de mayo de 2010
Javier Cabrera / Corresponsal | El Universal
16:26
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 5/3 - 5 . Likely voters .
MoE 4 % ( No trend lines )
Based on what you know or have heard about the new Arizona Immigration Law , do you favor or oppose it ?
Favor Oppose Not Sure ALL 53 36 11 DEM 12 79 9
REP 89 7 4
IND 46 28 26 WHITE 63 26 11
LATINO 15 76 9
BLACK 8 80 12 Arizona now requires anyone passing through or living in their state to carry papers proving citizenship that can be produced at the command of any law enforcement officers .
Do you approve or disapprove of this requirement ?
Approve Disapprove Not Sure ALL 48 44 8 DEM 10 88 2
REP 85 11 4
IND 37 41 22 WHITE 58 35 7
LATINO 9 81 10
BLACK 4 83 13
This regressive law certainly has majority support , but ask residents about the implications of the law , and suddenly support drops significantly -- but not among Republicans and Democrats , who have strong positions staked out either way , but among independents .
Indies like the general idea of doing something about immigration , but when confronted with what it means from a practical perspective , they cool significantly .
The focus of Microsoft ’s latest ASP.
NET 4has mainly been on improving the performance and Search - engine Optimization ( SEO ) .
In this article , I ’ll be taking a look at what I think are the most important new features in ASP .
NET 4 .
Output cache extensibility
Session state compression
View state mode for individual control
Page .
MetaKeyword and Page .
MetaDescription properties
and properties Response.RedirectPermanent method
method Routing in ASP.NET
Increase the URL character length
New syntax for Html Encode
Predictable Client IDs
Web.config file refactoring
file refactoring Auto - Start ASP.NET applications
Improvements on Microsoft Ajax Library
I ’ll describe the details of each of these features in the following sections .
Output Cache extensibility
Output caching , or Page - Level Caching , caches the entire rendered markup of an ASP .
NET web page for a specific time - period .
This has always been one of the essential features for ASP .
NET that is used extensively to increase application performance .
However there have been some limitations on the feasible extent of caching , because cached content always had to be stored in - memory .
But with ASP .
NET 4.0 developers can extend their caching by using Output - cache providers .
Developers can now create ‘ output - cache providers ’ that store the cache contents to any persistence mechanism such as databases , disks , cloud storage and distributed cache engines .
To create a custom output - cache provider , a class which derived from System .
Web .
Caching .
OutputCacheProvider has to be created in ASP .
NET 4.0 .
There are four public methods which you have to override in order to provide your own implementation for add , remove , retrieve and update functionality .
Also , the output - cache provider has to be registered in the web.config file as shown in the following screen capture .
You can also set this custom output - cache provider as your default cache mechanism .
So once you add the page cache directives all of your contents will be stored using the custom output - cache provider .
Moreover , developers can also dynamically configure which output - cache Provider is used .
For example you might want to cache the frequently access pages in the memory for faster access and less frequent pages on disk .
By overriding the GetOutputCacheProviderName ( ) method you can configure which output cache provider to use for different requests .
These additions to the output - cache can enable developers to write extensible and more efficient cache mechanisms to their web application and thereby improve its responsiveness .
Session State compression
The ASP.NET session state is a mechanism to maintain session - specific data through subsequent requests .
In some instances , you may wish to store your session state data in a session - state server or in Microsoft SQL server .
However , these two options require you to store data out of the web application ’s worker process .
To send across to the relevant sources , ( State server or Microsoft SQL Server ) , session - state data has to be serialized .
This can take a significant time if the size of the data to be serialized grows significantly .
This will increase the latency of the application .
This latency can be reduced if the size of the data is lessened by compression .
ASP .NET 4.0 introduces a new mechanism to compress your session state data for both Session - state server and Microsoft SQL server .
Compression can be enabled by setting the compressionEnable to true in the web.config file .
In this example , the session - state data will be serialized / desterilized using System .IO.Compression .GZipStream .
1 < sessionState mode = " SqlServer " sqlConnectionString = " data source=DB;Initial Catalog=LudmalDB " allowCustomSqlDatabase = " true " compressionEnabled = " true " / >
With this compression feature , developers can often reduce the time it takes for a web application to respond by reducing the size of session data .
View State mode for Individual Controls
View state is a mechanism to maintain page controls ’ state on subsequent post backs .
ASP.NET stores the view state data for controls that are in the page , even if it ’s not necessary .
Since the view state data is stored in the pages ’ html , the size of the request object will be increased , and make performance worse .
In ASP.NET 4.0 , each web control will include a ViewStateMode property which lets developers disable view - state by default , and enable it just for the controls for which a persistence of state is required .
ViewStateMode has the following three values ;
Enabled – enables the view state for this control and any child control .
Disabled – disable the view state .
Inherits – this specify the control uses the settings from its parent control .
By setting these values in page controls accordingly , a significant performance improvement can be gained in response - time .
Page .
MetaKeywords and Page .
MetaDescription properties
To increase the relevance of pages in searches , developers should include relevant “ keyword ” and “ description ” meta tags in the html < head > section .
Unfortunately , it takes some time to add these tags for each and every page , and the alternative of adding these tags programmatically was difficult .
But with ASP .
NET 4.0 , there are two new properties in the code behind file ;
Page .
MetaDescription – equivalent to meta name “ description ”
– equivalent to meta name “ description ” Page .
MetaKeywords – equivalent to meta name “ keywords ”
This will enable developers to easily and programmatically add the relevant keywords and description .
This will even be useful for Master pages - where you only have to add these properties in the master page .
In addition to “ keywords ” and “ description ” settings in the code behind , developers can also set these values within the @Page directive .
Response.RedirectPermanent Method
ASP .NET 4.0 has improved SEO ( Search - engine Optimization ) facilities .
Typically developers use Response. Redirect ( string url ) to handle requests for old URLs .
However , this leads to an extra round trip to access the old URLs and so will negatively affect your page - ranking in search - engines .
ASP.NET 4.0 introduces a new Response. RedirectPermanent( string url ) helper method to be used as HTTP 301 ( Moved permanently ) to handle requests .
This will enable search - engines to index URLs and content efficiently and thus improve the page rankings .
Routing in ASP.NET
Routing will let developers serve meaningful URLs to users and map them with the actual physical files .
This URL - rewriting mechanism enables developers to write high ranking , search - engine optimized web applications .
For example , URL for a page which displays an actual product might look like the following ;
1 http : //www.ludmal.net/showproducts.aspx?prodId=24
By using routing the URL will look like the following
1 http : //www.ludmal.net/products/ipod
In this way , the URLs will be more easily remembered by users .
It will also significantly improve the search - engine page rankings of the web site .
The following example shows how to implement routing behavior in ASP .
NET 4 using new MapPageRoute in Route class .
1 public class Global : System .
Web .
HttpApplication { void Application_Start ( object sender , EventArgs e ) { RouteTable .
Routes .
MapPageRoute ( " ProductsRoute " , " product/{prodId} " , " ~/products.aspx " ) ; } }
Increase the URL character length
In previous versions of ASP .
NET , URLs were limited to 260 characters in length .
But in ASP .
NET 4.0 developers have the option of increasing or decreasing the length of URLs by using the new maxRequestPathLength and maxQueryStringLength .
I ’ll illustrate this in an example .
1 <httpRuntime maxRequestPathLength = " 360 " maxQueryStringLength = " 1024 " />
In previous versions of ASP.
NET you were limited to a fixed set of characters but in v4 , developers can also validate the invalid characters by specifying values in the requestPathInvalidChars attribute .
New syntax for Html Encode
Html Encode method encodes a particular string to be displayed in a browser .
It is important to encode strings prior it ’s rendering in the page , mainly to avoid cross - site script injection ( XSS ) and HTML injection attacks .
However , developers so often forget to call the encode function .
In previous .NET versions , Server.HtmlEncode( ) or HttpUtility .
Encode ( ) methods has been used for string encoding as shown in the following example .
ASP .NET 4.0 introduced new code expression syntax for encoding a particular string .
While the syntax will render the output it also encodes the relevant string as shown below .
Note “ : ” character after opening tag ( “ < % ” ) .
The new encoding syntax provides an easy and concise way of encoding a particular string .
Predictable Client IDs
ASP .NET 4 now supports a new ClientIDMode property for server control .
This property indicates how the Client ID should be generated to a particular control when they render .
Client ID has been an important property of the server controls recently - especially with the success of jQuery and other Ajax scripting technologies .
The ClientIDMode property has four values ;
AutoID – This renders the output as it was before ( example : ctl00_ContentPlaceholder1_ListView1_ctrl0_Label1 )
– This renders the output as it was before ( example : ) Predictable ( Default ) – Trims all “ ctl00 ” strings in the Client Id property .
– Trims all “ ctl00 ” strings in the Client Id property .
Static – Full control over the Client ID ( developer can set the Client Id and it will not be changed after the control renders )
– Full control over the Client ID ( developer can set the Client Id and it will not be changed after the control renders ) Inherit – Allow control to inherit the behavior from its parent control
Client ID property can be set in three different ways ;
Directly on individual control
On the container control .
( All the child controls will inherit the settings from parent / container control )
Page or User Control level using < %@ Page % > or < %@ Control %> directives .
Directly in the web.config file .
All the controls within the web application will inherit the settings .
New ClientIDRowSuffix property on databound controls also gives a similar functionality when rendering an each data item .
Once you set the relevant databound property to ClientIDRowSuffix , the value will be added as a suffix to individual row elements .
After the control renders the “ State ” value will be added as a suffix to each data row element .
Web.config refactoring
Over the past few years web.config file has grown significantly as ASP .
NET has used it for more and more features such as routing , Ajax , IIS 7 and version compatibility .
This has made it trickier to maintain even with the Visual Studio environment .
With ASP.NET 4 , most of the major elements have been moved to the machine .
config file .
This has enabled developers to maintain a cleaner , less cluttered , web.config file .
The new web .config file is either empty , or includes just the .NET framework version details as shown in the following example .
1 <? xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < configuration > < system.web > < compilation targetFramework = " 4.0 " /> </system.web > </ configuration >
Auto - Start ASP.NET
Applications
Most application requires initial data load or caching operations to be done before serving the client requests .
Typical this happens only when the first user request a page .
However , often developers and web administrators write fake requests to keep the application alive to increase the response time .
To overcome this issue , ASP.
NET 4 introduce new Auto - Start feature .
Auto - start feature available with IIS 7.5 and it initialize the ASP.
NET application to accept requests .
To configure the Auto - start , you need to configure the “ Application pool ” worker process by setting the startMode attribute to “ AlwaysRunning ” in the application Host .
config file .
( C: \Windows \System32\inetsrv\config\applicationHost.config )
As soon you save the applicationHost . config file the worker process will start and initialize the required application operations before the first user has been served .
Improvements on Microsoft Ajax Library
Microsoft
Ajax library is client side library which includes high performance server - based user controls and asynchronous page rendering controls .
Ajax Library enables developers to easily and quickly write responsive database - driven applications .
There are some significant improvements in the Ajax Library in the ASP.
NET 4 . of which the most important seem to be …
Scrip Loader – the new script loader control enable developers to load all the required scripts only once , thereby eliminating the unnecessary subsequent requests to the server .
It supports the ‘ lazy load ’ pattern which loads scripts only when necessary , and loads scripts in combination , in order to increase the performance of loading a page .
It also supports the jQuery script and custom scripts .
– the new script loader control enable developers to load all the required scripts only once , thereby eliminating the unnecessary subsequent requests to the server .
It supports the ‘ lazy load ’ pattern which loads scripts only when necessary , and loads scripts in combination , in order to increase the performance of loading a page .
It also supports the script and custom scripts .
JQuery Integration – JQuery is very popular third party javascript library .
ASP .NET 4 extensively supports the integration for jQuery by mixing the jQuery and Ajax plug-ins seamlessly .
– is very popular third party javascript library .
ASP .NET 4 extensively supports the integration for by mixing the and Ajax plug-ins seamlessly .
Client Data Access – by using pre-defined client controls inside the Ajax Library , developers can easily build asynchronous data - driven applications .
For example client DataView control will display one or more records by consuming a WCF service .
All the relevant time - consuming operations will be handled by the Ajax library asynchronously .
Conclusion
ASP .NET 4 includes plethora of new features which will enable developers to write high performance , search - engine friendly web application quickly .
The features I ’ve mentioned seem to be the most important of all the new features in ASP .
NET 4 . By upgrading your existing web applications to up - coming ASP .
NET 4 , you are likely to see an improvement in performance and search - engine optimization .
More readings :
http://www.asp.net/
http://www.asp.net/learn/aspnet-4-quick-hit-videos/
http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2009/08/25/vs-2010-and-net-4-series.aspx
http://www.hanselman.com/blog/ASP4WhirlwindTourAroundNET4AndVisualStudio2010Beta1.aspx
QUALIFICATION ROUND SCHEDULE & RESULTS
( all times mountain )
Friday , May 14 :
Sunday , May 16 :
Tuesday , May 18 :
RELEGATION ROUND SCHEDULE & RESULTS
Saturday , May 15 :
Sunday , May 16 :
Tuesday , May 18 :
PRELIMINARY ROUND SCHEDULE & RESULTS
Friday , May 7 :
Saturday , May 8 :
Sunday , May 9 :
Monday , May 10 :
Tuesday , May 11 :
Wednesday , May 12 :
Thursday , May 13 :
MORE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS NEWS & MULTIMEDIA
Sunday was a busy day for Oilers players and prospects as all six players representing their respective countries suited up .
Devan Dubnyk joined Team Canada and Jordan Eberle suited up for the Canadians for his second game .
The pair faced off against Oilers prospects Magnus Paajarvi - Svensson and Linus Omark in Mannheim .
In Cologne , Ryan Potulny and Taylor Chorney helped USA win its second game in the relegation round in as many days , defeating France 4 - 0 .
Oilers GM
Steve Tambellini was in the building to watch three Oilers prospects battle head - to - head as Canada met Sweden in a key Qualifying Round match - up .
It was Sweden - with Magnus Paajarvi - Svensson and Linus Omark - that bettered Team Canada and Jordan Eberle on this day .
The Swedes won the game 3 - 1 on the strength of two goals from Jonas Andersson and 32 saves from Jonas Gustavsson .
Sweden got on the board early when Omark 's line struck for a goal 2:35 in .
Johan Harju wristed a shot blocker side past Chris Mason to make it 1 - 0 .
Andersson 's two goals came in the second period 3:04 apart to make it a three - goal lead .
Brooks
Laich scored in the third to close the gap , but 3 - 1 was as close as Canada would get .
Paajarvi -Svensson was third among Swedish forwards with 15:45 of icetime .
He had two shots on goal and an even rating .
Omark skated for 12:50 with a pair of shots and was +1. Eberle had 14:33 of icetime which was seventh among Canada 's 12 forwards .
He was - 1 with no shots on goal .
The Oilers prospect saw power play time and was put out late in the game as Canada 's coach Craig MacTavish shortened the bench in the third .
Following a winless preliminary round , the United States has followed that up with two wins in the relegation round in two attempts .
The victory gives USA the lead in the round with six points .
Italy and France are tied for second with three points apiece .
Kazakhstan is last with a pair of losses .
The bottom two teams are relegated down to the Division I World Championships next year .
USA dominated the play on the outset but were unable to score in the opening period .
They finally solved French netminder Eddy Ferhi nearly five minutes into the middle frame .
Nick Foligno banged home a rebound to score and make it 1 - 0 .
Later in the same period , Brandon Dubnsky scored to double the Americans ' lead .
Oshie and Foligno , with his second , scored in the third to make the final 4 - 0.USA goaltender Scott Clemmensen only had to make 10 saves for the shutout .
Ferhi stopped 27 of 31 for the Frenchmen .
The Oilers ' Ryan Potulny had an even rating over 12:48 of icetime .
Taylor Chorney was also even , having played 9:01 .
Canada and Sweden wrap up their qualification round schedule on Tuesday .
Canada plays the Czech Republic at 8:15 a.m. MT while Sweden takes on the surprisingly undefeated Swiss squad at 12:15 p.m. MT.USA wraps up the relegation round Tuesday morning at 4:15 a.m. MT against Italy .
Picking up a single point in that game will guarantee that the Americans will not be relegated .
Visit edmontonoilers.com regularly throughout the two - week tournament for updates on the Oilers in Germany . - Norway 1 - Latvia 2vs.vs.
Czech Republic - 8:15 a.m. Gamesheet | Recap | Photosvs . Switzerland - 12:15 p.m. Gamesheet | Recap | Photos======- Kazakhstan 1vs. France 0vs. Italy - 4:15 a.m. Gamesheet | Recap | Photos======- USA 1 OT - Italy 1vs. Norway 2 - USA 1 OT - Latvia 1 - France 2 - USA 2 - Canada 1 - Sweden 1
The UK is currently undergoing its election process so it seemed appropriate that this list ought to be published now .
The British parliamentary system is an interesting one and many other countries base their system on it .
Hopefully this list will leave us all with a better understanding of that system .
10 No Constitution
Or to be more accurate , there is no single document setting out how the country should be governed .
The UK is one of only a handful of nations without a written constitution ( the others being Israel , New Zealand and San Marino ) , it instead relies on a huge number of separate laws and traditions which evolved over hundreds of years .
A surprising number of features central to the British political system are nothing more than convention .
There is no constitutional requirement for there to be a Prime Minister for example , it is simply a role that has developed over time .
The lack of a concrete constitution is likely to become a serious political debate in the near future as the Liberal Democrat party has begun campaigning for constitutional reform .
9 Royal Assent
Before a bill can become law , The Queen must give her approval or ‘ royal assent ’ .
She still has the power to grant [ accept ] , withhold [ refuse ] or reserve [ postpone ] the royal assent of any bill from Parliament .
In reality , no monarch has refused a bill passed by Parliament since 1708 so it is assumed that that The Queen will grant assent to any Parliamentary bill presented to her .
8 Voting System
The number of votes a party gets and the number of seats they win in Parliament rarely show any relationship .
Voters pick a candidate for their local area and the person with the most votes wins the seat .
If a candidate wins with 60 % of the vote , the other 40 % of votes are discounted .
A simple system , but in a nation with three major parties , it can throw up some anomalies which has lead some of the public to question how representative the voting system is .
Those discounted votes soon mount up and can lead to results such as the 2005 election where the Labour Party got only 37 % of the vote but 55 % of the seats and the Liberal Democrats got 22 % of the vote but only 9 % of the seats .
The voting system does however tend to produce a clear overall winner which leads us on to …
7 Choosing the Prime Minister
British citizens have no say in who becomes PM – the best they can do is vote for their party ’s MP and hope .
As you might expect from a system built on ancient conventions , the process of deciding who becomes PM is far from straight forward .
After the results of the General Election have been announced , the leader of the party with an overall majority ( ie. with more MPs than all of the other parties put together ) goes to Buckingham Palace and asks the Queen for permission to form a government .
Luckily for them , there is another convention that the Queen will never say no to the leader of the biggest party .
The system is not very democratic in fact in most elections less than 40 % of the people have voted for the largest party .
Some parties allow their MPs to choose the party leader – not
6 Hung Parliament
The voting system usually makes sure the winning party has a strong overall majority , but occasionally the votes do n’t produce a clear winner .
These ‘ hung parliaments ’ force the parties with a sizable share of the seats to make deals , sometimes two of them agree to work together until the next election .
If none of the parties can work together to form an overall majority , the convention is that the previous PM stays in office .
This means there is the possibility that Labour may come third in the 2010 election , but Britain will still have a Labour Prime Minister !
5 Calling an Election
There is no fixed amount of time between elections .
The law states that a government must have an election at least every five years , but an election can be called at any point within that time .
The Queen has ultimate power over the dissolution of Parliament , but convention allows the Prime Minister to choose when this should be .
When the PM decides the time is right to have an election , they the Queen and ask her to dissolve Parliament .
This often proves advantageous to the Government who usually wait until they are ahead in popularity before putting the vote to the public .
4 House of Lords
The MPs sitting in the House of Commons are not the only politicians in Parliament , although you could be forgiven for thinking so .
Parliament also has an upper chamber of ‘ Lords Temporal ’ appointed by The Queen on recommendation of the Government and 26 prominent Bishops of the Anglican Church .
All bills successfully passed through Parliament are debated and ratified by the House of Lords .
The Lords can and do reject bills , but the ultimate power lies with the House of Commons who can invoke the ‘ Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 ’ to pass the bill regardless .
This has only happened seven times since 1911 , most recently in 2004 to ban hunting with dogs .
As the upper chamber is unelected and ultimately powerless against the House of Commons , there have been calls for change from some MPs who favour an elected second house similar to Congress in the USA .
3 Unparliamentary Language
When in session , MPs are forbidden from using language that might ‘ offend the dignity ’ of Parliament .
This commonly covers swearing , personal insults and , most seriously , accusing an MP of being dishonest .
Many words have been deemed unparliamentary by House Speakers over time including ‘ coward ’ , ‘ guttersnipe ’ , ‘ hooligan ’ , ‘ liar ’ , ‘ traitor ’ and ‘ git ’ .
Many
MPs have perfected the art of insult whilst avoiding reprimand from the House Speaker and enjoy mocking their rivals with stock phrases such as being ‘ economical with the truth ’ when lying or ‘ unusually fatigued ’ when drunk .
2 The Ceremonial Mace
The Mace of the House of Commons is an ornate golden staff which rests in the centre of the chamber when Parliament is in session .
The staff represents the authority of The Queen and must be present in the chamber for the meeting of the house to be legal .
The mace has seen its fair share of action over the decades being thrown , snatched and even wrestled from MPs protesting at Parliament ’s decisions .
In 2009 Labour MP John McDonnell was suspended for picking up the staff and disrupting a debate on the expansion of Heathrow Airport , London .
1 Parliamentary Voting
The House of Commons makes use of an old and rather eccentric method of voting .
After the vote has been announced by the Speaker of the House , the MPs present are given eight minutes to move in to one of two rooms – the ‘ aye ’ or the ‘ no ’ room .
When the time is up the doors are locked and the MPs line up to be counted .
Secretaries of State and even the PM vote on important matters and can often be seen scrambling for the correct room amongst the others .
Despite looking ridiculous , the voting system provides an excellent opportunity for MPs to meet and talk with the PM and the rest of the Government .
From poisoning disarmament protocols to thwarting development in India to even threatening corporate profits .
THE DEPROLIFERATOR —
“ The United States has made new concessions as part of its civilian nuclear agreement with India , ” reports Nicholas Kravlev in the Washington Times . . .
. . . while New Delhi has yet to make it possible for U.S. companies to benefit from the unprecedented deal .
…
Washington agreed to Indian demands to increase the number of plants allowed to reprocess U.S. - supplied nuclear fuel from one to two [ in order to ] avoid long - distance transportation of dangerous materials .
Arms control experts denounced the new deal saying it adds to the “ damage ” done by the original agreement .
For those unfamiliar with how damaging that was , Kralev reminds us that “ the Bush administration went against established norms and allowed a country that has not signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) to use U.S. - supplied fuel to make plutonium , though for strictly civilian purposes . ”
Nor is it just the arms control crowd for which the United States engaging in nuclear commerce with India presents a problem .
As Colum Lynch reports in his UN blog “ Turtle Bay ” at Foreign Policy , it bodes ill for the NPT review conference in May .
[ Emphasis added . ]
There is mistrust , ” said Egypt ’s U.N. ambassador , Maged A. Abdelaziz [ according to whom ] the five major nuclear powers are [ among other things ] permitting a special group of nations — India , Israel , and Pakistan — a free pass to produce nuclear weapons , without having to abide by the obligations of signatories to the NPT .
“ States outside the treaty are reaping the benefits of the treaty , ” he said .
In Beyond Arms Control ( 2010 , Critical Will ) , Andrew Lichterman and M.V. Ramana write :
“ Procedurally , if such a deal were to be agreed to at all , it should have been voted on by all states parties to the NPT rather than just by ” those few states that compose the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) .
“ By its very constitution , the NSG , consisting mostly of countries that engage in and profit from nuclear commerce , is a biased body , not suited to decide on the future of non-proliferation norms . …
There is a sour irony in the NSG making such an exception for India , since the trade cartel was formed largely in response to India exploding a nuclear device in 1974 .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Meanwhile , what ’s this about New Delhi yet to make it possible for U.S. companies to benefit from the original deal ?
Disarmament considerations aside , is America being played by India ?
More likely , the aftershocks from Bhopal have yet to cease reverberating .
As Kralev writes in his Washington Times piece , “ India thus far has failed to pass legislation that would release U.S. companies from liability in case of accidents [ in the ] two reactors expected to be built ” under the original agreement .
Presumably , though , U.S. , as well as Indian , corporations expect to ultimately prevail .
Lichterman and Ramana again : “ . . . the nuclear deal is part of a broader set of [ U.S. - Indian ] agreements [ which ] US - based multinationals are .
. . hoping to use .
. . as a wedge to further open India to foreign investment and sales . ”
Of course . . .
In light of the spiraling collapse of the US financial sector , the notion that opening India to its particular brand of radically deregulated , short - term profit - driven “ financial services ” will promote “ economic stability ” is highly suspect .
[ Read : laughable .
– RW ] …
The effect of the US - India deal .
. . will be to bind India to a development path favourable to particular elements in the US political and economic elite and to their Indian counterparts .
… nuclear power is most useful for serving .
. . the consumption needs of the elites who profit from them .
It has far less promise , however , for solving the energy needs of the vast majority of India ’s population .
…
Nuclear power , as the most expensive form of centralized electricity generation , is an inefficient way to deliver energy to this population living in villages spread out over a vast country side .
Meanwhile , whither sustainable development in this equation ?
Lichterman and Ramana explain that “ use of decentralized , renewable energy technologies in India [ would be ] economically efficient .
. . self - reliant . . . and environmentally sound [ and would promote ] innovation and bring down prices . ”
We ’ll end with another irony to bookend the earlier instance cited by Lichterman and Ramana in which the Nuclear Suppliers Group made an exception for the state ( India ) in response to whose explosion of a nuclear device the NPG was , in large part , formed :
But even in terms of the urban rich , the reality is that nuclear power in India has been mostly a failure .
[ It generates ] less than one percent of its total energy needs .
This is unlikely to grow significantly .
Between India ’s elites failing to see the return they expected , its masses denied both energy and sustainable development , and U.S. plans thwarted at the moment by the Indian legislature , it looks like the India - U.S. nuclear deal has thus far been a lose - lose - lose deal .
Note : A heavy month of disarmament activities in response to the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference kicks off in Manhattan on Sunday , May 2 with a rally near Times Square and a march to the UN .
First posted at the Faster Times .
Our natural Amber Teething Necklace can soothe teething pain for your children .
You can also ease your own stress with a matching Amber Necklace or Amber Bracelet .
We also invite you to explore and learn about Baltic Amber 's history in the Amber Education Room .
Get the real story about one of history 's greatest mysteries the search for the Amber Room !
It could change your life .
Amber Artisans proudly offers Precious , Healing , One of the Kind Amber Jewelry for Women , Men and Children .
Our Baltic Amber Products are made of 100 % genuine Baltic Amber .
Our master craftsmen employ centuries old techniques to perfect each Amber bead , each strand , each miracle of unearthed natural power into a powerful resource that can become a key resource in your life .
What Sets Us Apart
We are a group of artists and craftspeople dedicated to bringing the highest level of craftsmanship to Amber Jewelry Making .
We make everything by hand , using a combination of old world tools and techniques alongside the latest technologies .
Many of our Baltic Amber Jewelry pieces incorporate techniques that we develop ourselves .
Everything is handmade in our workshop by experienced Amber Artisans .
We are the point of origin for all our Baltic Amber Products .
We are not a reseller so there is no middle man who adds to the cost .
Buy Wholesale Baltic Amber Jewelry and supplies from Amber Artisans .
If you need a special size , we would be happy to make it to your specifications .
If you have a special design in mind , we are glad to accommodate you !
Arctic sea ice volume has crashed over the past 2 months .
Sea ice volume anomalies are at record lows .
Sea Ice Volume is calculated using the Pan - Arctic Ice Ocean Modeling and Assimilation System ( PIOMAS ) developed at APL / PSC by Dr. J. Zhang and collaborators .
Anomalies for each day are calculated relative to the average over the 1979 - 2009 period for that day to remove the annual cycle .
The model mean seasonal cycle of sea ice volume ranges from 28,600 km^3 in April to 14,400 km^3 in September .
The blue line represents the trend calculated from January 1 1979 to the most recent date indicated on the figure .
Total Arctic Ice Volume for March 2010 is 20,300 km^3 , the lowest over the 1979 - 2009 period and 38 % below the 1979 maximum .
September Ice Volume was lowest in 2009 at 5,800 km^3 or 67 % below its 1979 maximum .
Shaded areas represent one and two standard deviations of the anomaly from the trend .
Sea ice areas which had recovered to near normal levels in March are now at record lows for the date .
Arctic sea ice area is in free fall because an exceptionally large percentage of the ice area in March consisted of very thin first year ice .
Arctic sea ice extent is at a record low for this date .
Time series of Arctic sea ice extent ( total area of at least 15 % ice concentration ) .
Last update : 27 May , 2010 .
Sea ice area calculated from Advanced Microwave Satellite AMSR - E data using the ARTIST sea ice algorithm by the University of Bremen .
Arctic sea ice , subjected to record high temperatures broke up at a record pace .
April 2010 was the warmest April on record .
The greatest warming was in the Arctic .
Temperatures were more than ten degrees Fahrenheit above normal across much of the Arctic .
That warming has continued into May .
Rapid warming in the Arctic has triggered a feedback loop with melting sea ice .
As the ice melts , the sea takes up more solar heat and the Arctic warms more .
As the Arctic warms more , more ice melts .
This feedback loop may be causing a catastrophic collapse of sea ice this year .
Over the past year warm , salty water has flowed into the Arctic from the north Atlantic , melting sea ice from below .
Arctic ocean surface salinity anomalies for May 26 , 2010 .
Warm salty water has intruded into the Arctic ocean at 100 meters depth .
Arctic Ocean salinity anomaly at 100 meters depth model calculated by Mercator Ocean
This warm salty water may be destabilizing the methane clathrates on the Siberian shelf .
Catastrophic Siberian shelf methane clathrate destabilization is a very serious concern being raised by Arctic scientists .
The Siberian shelf , the largest shallow continental shelf in the world , stores enormous amounts of methane as frozen clathrates .
However , because the water is shallow , the water pressure is n't high enough to prevent clathrate melting and methane gas release when the water warms .
Arctic researchers found large methane plumes in the water above the Siberian shelf last year .
Tuesday was the anniversary of John F. Kennedy 's great 1961 speech commencing the Apollo program to land on the moon .
On May 25 , 1961 , President John F. Kennedy announced before a special joint session of Congress the dramatic and ambitious goal of sending an American safely to the Moon before the end of the decade .
A number of political factors affected Kennedy 's decision and the timing of it .
In general , Kennedy felt great pressure to have the United States " catch up to and overtake " the Soviet Union in the " space race . "
Four years after the Sputnik shock of 1957 , the cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin had become the first human in space on April 12 , 1961 , greatly embarrassing the U.S. While Alan Shepard became the first American in space on May 5 , he only flew on a short suborbital flight instead of orbiting the Earth , as Gagarin had done .
In addition , the Bay of Pigs fiasco in mid-April put unquantifiable pressure on Kennedy .
He wanted to announce a program that the U.S. had a strong chance at achieving before the Soviet Union .
After consulting with Vice President Johnson , NASA Administrator James Webb , and other officials , he concluded that landing an American on the Moon would be a very challenging technological feat , but an area of space exploration in which the U.S. actually had a potential lead .
Thus the cold war is the primary contextual lens through which many historians now view Kennedy 's speech .
The decision involved much consideration before making it public , as well as enormous human efforts and expenditures to make what became Project Apollo a reality by 1969 .
Only the construction of the Panama Canal in modern peacetime and the Manhattan Project in war were comparable in scope .
NASA 's overall human spaceflight efforts were guided by Kennedy 's speech ; Projects Mercury ( at least in its latter stages ) , Gemini , and Apollo were designed to execute Kennedy 's goal .
His goal was achieved on July 20 , 1969 , when Apollo 11 commander Neil Armstrong stepped off the Lunar Module 's ladder and onto the Moon 's surface .
Today we face much higher stakes , but we already have all the technology we need to succeed .
Our weakness is political will .
The mission to convert from a fossil fuel economy to a renewable energy economy must be done with the speed commitment of Kennedy 's space program .
Like the space program , the jobs and improvements that will come from the progress of developing a green economy , will provide huge economic benefits .
The alternative is Hellish .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain ’s opposition Conservatives offered to work with their smaller Liberal Democrats rivals in government on Friday after a dramatic parliamentary election that produced no outright winner for the first time since 1974 .
The result unnerved investors worried that a weak government and protracted negotiations over who should lead the country would hamper efforts to cut the country ’s massive debts .
The center - right Conservatives won the most seats in the 650 - seat House of Commons , comfortably ahead of the ruling center - left Labour Party but not in overall control .
The centrist Liberal Democrats came a distant third .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown remained in office in a caretaker role pending the emergence of a new government , in accordance with British constitutional convention .
He said the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had every right to try to do a deal first but was ready to talk to the Lib Dems about an agreement if discussions failed .
A Lib Dem / Conservative deal would almost certainly end his tenure as party leader .
Thursday ’s poll , marred by scenes of anger as hundreds of voters were unable to cast their ballots due to administrative problems , left none of the three big parties satisfied .
The Conservatives came tantalizingly close to an outright win but were left at the mercy of smaller parties .
Ahead in the polls by double digits for most of last year , they saw their lead shrink in recent months despite voter fatigue with Labour .
For Labour , hopes of extending their 13 years in office looked tenuous , while a predicted Lib Dem surge did not happen .
With results in 649 out of the 650 parliamentary constituencies declared , the Conservatives had won 306 seats , followed by Labour on 258 and the Lib Dems on 57 .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
“ A STRONG BASIS FOR A STRONG GOVERNMENT ”
Conservative leader David Cameron said Britain urgently needed a strong government to reassure jittery markets that it was serious about tackling the country ’s record budget deficit , which exceeds 11 percent of national output .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
“ No government will be in the national interest unless it deals with the biggest threat to our national interest , and that is the deficit .
We remain completely convinced that starting to deal with the deficit this year is essential , ” Cameron said .
The Conservatives were in power for most of the 20th century but they lost three successive elections to Labour from 1997 .
Cameron is under intense pressure to lead them back into office .
He said one possibility was a minority Conservative government seeking support from other parties issue by issue , but he would also offer the Lib Dems a more formal agreement , which could include coalition government .
This is extremely rare in modern British politics .
Possible areas of agreement included reforming tax and electoral systems and reversing a planned increase in payroll tax , Cameron said , signaling that the Conservatives would be less open to compromise on European and defense issues .
Cameron has said he would make deeper and faster spending cuts than Labour or the Liberal Democrats , who have both warned this would harm a fragile recovery .
His statement went some way to calming investor fears of political deadlock and British government bonds and sterling recouped earlier losses .
But both sides will have to work hard to convince party faithful about the merits of a seemingly awkward partnership and that could make any deal short - lived .
and controlled in politics , business , art , education and science .
In a world dominated by political spin and media manipulation , Propaganda is an essential read for all who wish to understand how power is used by the ruling elite of our society .
" -- BOOK JACKET . … ( more " A look at how government and corporations control how we think and act , Propaganda outlines Edward Bernays 's vision for regimenting the collective mind .
Originally published in 1928 , this manual of mass manipulation provides a detailed examination of how public discourse and opinion are shaped
BEIJING — Flashing police cars guarded Beijing schools Tuesday and officers in another city were told they could shoot to kill to stop assaults on students , as Chinese authorities tried to assert control after three attacks last week left dozens of children injured .
The government also banned further media coverage of the attacks , a watchdog group said .
Tuesday was the first day of classes in China since a farmer hit five elementary students with a hammer on Friday in the eastern city of Weifang before burning himself to death in the latest of the back - to - back attacks on children that shook the country .
" I was a little worried after seeing those reports on TV about the attacks , " said Liu Xingwu , who took his 7 - year - old granddaughter by bicycle to Shijia Elementary School in central Beijing .
" The security measures are good .
But we 've also told her to be careful . "
The government has sought to appear on top of the situation , with senior leaders urging improved school safety .
But experts say the violence indicates a lack of support for the mentally ill in rapidly changing Chinese society and that official efforts so far have failed to address the social inequalities believed to have driven the violence .
Child safety touches a nerve particularly among people in the urban middle class , who invest huge amounts of money and effort in the education and care of their children .
Most Chinese have only one child under the country 's population control laws .
Recent scandals in which children have been the main victims have sparked public anger and occasional protests , such as when at least 3,000 children around the country were found to have lead poisoning from polluting factories built too close to villages , and in 2008 when tainted baby milk powder sickened more than 300,000 infants .
China 's recent string of school attacks started when a man stabbed eight elementary schoolchildren to death in March in Fujian province .
He was executed on April 28 , the same day a 33 - year - old former teacher broke into a primary school in the southern city of Leizhou in Guangdong province and wounded 15 students and a teacher with a knife .
The next day in Taixing city in Jiangsu province , a 47 - year - old unemployed man armed with an 8 - inch ( 20 - centimeter ) knife wounded 29 kindergarten students -- five seriously -- plus two teachers and a security guard .
China 's education ministry on Tuesday again urged improved school safety , including guards with protective gear and patrols at the beginning and end of the school day .
Why Taking Online Installment Loans Is A Good Idea ?
When embarking on a project , unforeseen circumstances may require immediate attention and cause delays in the project .
Delaying a project may eventually turn out to be more expensive than borrowing money to complete it within the time frame .
Earlier , taking a loan was quite a hectic process .
The need to have collateral and guarantors makes the process scary , coupled with the period it takes to process your loan request .
Now , things are a lot easier with many online loan companies granting loan approvals within a few hours after submitting the loan request .
You can get several good loan companies around by searching installment loans near me .
What are online installment loans ?
Online installment loans are cash loans that borrowers can pay a fixed amount of regular monthly payment until the loan has been fully repaid .
Usually , the borrower is given the loan and allowed to spread payments from 3 to 36 months .
Every month , the borrower pays the same amount until the loan has been paid in full with interest inclusive .
Note that online installment loans may differ from payday installment loans online .
There are quite a number of benefits that installment loans bestow on borrowers .
We look at some of the benefits below .
What are the benefits of online installment loans ?
1. Convenience :
There is no need to visit the banking hall .
You can request a loan with a simple mobile device that has a working internet connection .
Also , some installment loan companies have mobile apps that can be downloaded on your mobile device .
Potential borrowers can easily find out the various repayment plans available and gauge the amount they are capable of borrowing .
Many online loan companies also feature a loan calculator on their websites .
The loan calculator can help borrowers determine the best repayment plan to choose from .
Borrowers who have built good records with online installment loan companies have easier access to greater loan amounts without passing through any extra stress .
You can search installment loans near me to see companies that can grant you the money you need .
2. Competitive Rates :
There is a lot of competition in the online installment loan business which borrowers can take advantage of .
It is not surprising to find that many loan companies offer different rates on their loans .
Rates on online installment loans usually range from 4 % to 36 % .
The range is wide enough to accommodate a huge number of loan plans .
Borrowers can compare rates and services across many loan companies before deciding on which one to choose .
The single act of comparing rates can save the potential borrower a good amount of cash that would have rather been paid as part of the loan interest .
It is common to find that the longer it takes to repay a loan , the higher the interest rate in the long run .
Choosing an earlier repayment time frame could help with interest rates on installment loans online .
3. Easier Approval Process : Approval for small installment loans can take as little as an hour and as much as three business days .
This is a big advantage over the traditional bank loan request , which takes quite a long time to process .
Online installment loans help people access to credit as soon as possible so that emergencies can be taken care of almost as soon as they surface .
Generally speaking , people who have a good credit rating stand a higher chance of getting their loan requests approved as soon a few minutes after request submission .
Installment loans vs. payday installment loans :
What ’s better for you ?
Installment loans are usually paid in fixed monthly repayment for a minimum of 6 months and up to 3 years .
Payday installment loans , on the other hand , are expected to be fully paid once the borrower gets his or her next paycheck .
If the entire payday loan cannot be paid once , the borrower has the option to extend the loan repayment for an increased interest rate .
As a result , payday installment loans offer smaller loan amounts when compared with installment loans .
One main reason some borrowers prefer installment loans over payday loans is that the terms for obtaining installment loans are spelled out before the borrower takes the loan .
Payday loans , most times , have implicit terms that may not encourage borrowers to choose them .
Where to get installment loans ?
Installment loans are becoming popular within some cooperative societies and many online lending platforms .
Some traditional banks are also offering installment loans as part of their financial services .
All you need do is to type " installment loans around me " in your search engine to get some options .
There are quite some reputable online lenders that offer installment loans with a reasonable annual percentage rate ( APR ) .
You will get better deals if you compare loan terms and APR among a good number of lenders .
What can installment loans be used for ?
Installment loans can be used for a variety of purposes .
As a form of personal loan , installment loans can be to purchase personal belongings such as cars , home appliances , etc .
Installment loans can also be used to consolidate loans and pay mortgages .
Installment loans can also be a good source of finance for a small enterprise or means of taking care of emergency expenses .
Installment loans acquire assets easy , especially when a borrower is strategic .
As much as installment loans allow freedom to use cash for diverse purposes , borrowers should be sure that the loans are used judiciously .
Once the use of the loan adds significant value to the life of the borrower , the essence of repayment is then fully justified .
When can I take an installment loan ?
Anyone anywhere can take an installment loan as long as the individual meets the lender 's requirement .
Many online loan companies offer installment loans for bad credit to people who have bad credit ratings .
A good number of lenders also offer installment loans online no credit check .
As such most people irrespective of their present credit rating can secure an installment loan once they meet the requirements of the lender .
Lenders may require the following :
Borrowers must have attained legal age ( 18 years and above )
Borrowers must possess valid means of identification
Borrowers must live within the area the lending company operates
Borrowers may be required to a minimum amount from a stable source of income
They may be asked to present another person to cosign their loan request .
Besides , other requirements may be added as the lending company sees fit .
The love of your life has genital herpes : do you sleep with them anyway ?
It ’s a dilemma that could vanish if a new approach to a herpes vaccine is successful .
The vaccine fights the herpes simplex 2 virus ( HSV2 ) , which coexists with the humans it infects for long periods , only rarely causing bouts of sores .
It achieves this feat by suppressing its host ’s immune system , and this has meant attempts to use the virus itself as a vaccine have failed .
Now researchers at BioVex in Woburn , Massachusetts , have produced a vaccine by deleting five of the virus ’s genes .
“ We hope this will unmask the virus to the human immune system , ” says Robert Coffin , chief executive of BioVex .
The altered virus neither causes disease nor suppresses our immune system .
Animals that had been injected with the altered virus did not develop symptoms when exposed to normal HSV2 .
BioVex will now begin clinical trials of the vaccine in London .
Advertisement
Partner vaccine
A vaccine would initially be offered to the sexual partners of people who carry genital herpes , says Coffin .
Wider vaccination may also be a possibility , he says .
Marian Nicholson , director of the Herpes Viruses Association in the UK , which monitors worldwide research into herpes , is hopeful .
“ BioVex says they are building on the information gained from previous trials , and it seems reasonable that at some point a breakthrough will be made . ”
A herpes vaccine also based on HSV2 and developed by GlaxoSmithKline about a decade ago showed early promise .
But later trials in humans suggested that it was no more effective at preventing genital herpes than having a history of cold sores , which are caused by the related virus HSV1 .
Cobo Arena in Downtown Detroit .
You can see the wall on the left side of the photo .
The working pressbox is on the right hand side , below the yellow seats
In 1995 , I worked for a team called the Motor City Mustangs .
They were a roller hockey team that played during the summer at Cobo Arena downtown .
Shockingly the team only existed for one season .
Apparently people did n't want to sit indoors on a beautiful day at a grungy , 35 - year - old arena with the appeal of a high - school auditorium watching a winter sport played on some plastic court .
Who knew ?
My job was " Press Box Manager . "
This sounds like a very dramatic job .
It would 've been had we had anyone to sit in the press box .
Yes , there was a radio deal ( Mike Stone actually called our games on WDFN ) , but other than Stoney and whomever did commentary ( I can't remember ) , it was rare that we had anyone else in the press box .
I , however , was always prepared : I created these 18x24 wipe - off boards to keep track of goals and penalties and shots .
I had pencils and notepads and all sorts of other stuff just in case we actually had someone show up .
When ESPN2 stopped by for their one and only visit , I worked as a stat guy on their crew with these 18x24 boards .
They were n't nearly as appreciative as I thought they should be .
In retrospect , the phrase " overzealous " comes to mind .
The most legendary name on the Mustangs was their coach : Mark Howe , son of Gordie .
The Mustangs even drafted Gordie , though he did n't sign ( another shock , I know ) .
But with Mark behind the bench , Gordie would often show up for games , sitting in the press box on the opposite side of the arena , always alone .
For those who have never seen Cobo Arena , there 's seating on only three sides of the area .
The fourth side ( against the Detroit River ) has a wall .
This makes it great for concerts , but kind of awkward for sporting events .
One game , I went up to the press box level 90 minutes before the game to set up when I found something .
Gordie Howe .
" Good evening , Mr. Howe , " I said to him .
He seemed startled to see me .
" Hi . " He looked around for a moment .
" I think I 'm in the wrong press box . "
" Well , " I said , " this is the working press box . "
" Oh .
Then I 'm definitely in the wrong one .
I 'm supposed to be over there . "
And he pointed to where he usually sits .
" Well , let me see what I can do , " I told him .
The working press box was on the other side of the arena from the locker rooms and offices , so it would 've taken me forever to get back down there to ask .
But there was an usher / security person who stopped fans from getting up to the press level ( to be honest , they were also there to stop fans from getting to the third level , since we never had enough fans to open that level ) .
" Gordie Howe 's up in the press box , but he 's supposed to be on the other side . "
" You can take him around to the other side of the arena on the wall side . "
This confused me .
" The wall side ? "
" Yeah .
Go get him and I 'll let you in . "
I accepted the offer and went back up to get Mr. Howe .
( To be clear : I was simply being a staff member helping the dad of the coach here .
Do not interpret this as Mr. Howe being unable to do anything for himself . )
" The usher 's going to let us in to the wall side of the arena and we 'll head over to your side , " I told him .
He was game .
We walked out of the press box , where the usher opened a nondescript door .
It was dark .
No , scratch that : it was black .
We stepped in , and the usher closed the door .
As our eyes adjusted , Mr. Howe made a left and started walking .
Now this corridor was clearly never used for anything but storage .
The only light in the room , I discovered , was from these glass panels that are n't really visible when you 're in the arena , but provided just a little ambient light from the arena itself .
That light showed that there was a bunch of crap in this place .
It was not neatly kept .
And I was escorting a 67 - year - old man through there .
I grabbed for anything , my arms flailing in front of me to try to avoid stumbling into anything .
I could n't see him .
All I knew was that I could hear two sets of footsteps , which meant there was two of us .
And then he hit a chair .
I heard an absolutely clear obscenity from him .
" Are you okay ? "
" Yeah , " he replied .
And at that moment , I realized that he was as blindly wandering through this as I was .
" You want some help ? "
" No , I 'm okay . "
Then he hit something else .
Another obscenity .
And now he 's hot at the situation he 's in .
And I thought , " Gordie Howe is gonna hit something , fall awkwardly , hit his head , and I 'm the only person around . "
The next thought : " This is beyond absurd . "
And then I wanted to laugh .
At that moment , one part of my brain was afraid of what might happen .
The other found this absolutely hilarious .
It felt like I was on an epic march .
There was no way to gauge how much further to go .
He kept stepping into things , and was now just cursing up a storm .
And with each audible word , with each collision , I am afraid I am going to burst our in laughter , which would cause him to turn around , find me , and beat me senseless .
And I 'm running into things and not making a sound .
I could 've stepped on a rake Sideshow Bob - style and not even flinched .
If Gordie Howe could walk through this corridor , I surely could .
Still going through this corridor , we finally see the outline of light surrounding a door .
He reaches for the door and opens it .
We 've somehow miraculously made it through to the other side of the arena .
With the new light , I 'm able to quickly scurry towards it .
Now we had to figure out how to get to the press box from the door .
" I think we go down that ramp , " I said , " since we came up a ramp to get to the other side . "
Sure enough , at the bottom of the ramp was a curtained - off area , and behind that curtain was the press box .
" Thanks for the help , " he said .
" You 're welcome , Mr. Howe , " I replied .
I headed back down , past the usher doing the same job as the other usher , and down the seating bowl to the floor .
I made the turn towards the seating bowl .
My coworker Debbie was in the office , doing last - minute prep work .
" I just took Gordie Howe through the walls of Cobo Arena , " I told her .
She looked up .
" You did what ? "
" Gordie " ( you 'll note that we 're now on a first - name basis ) " was over in the press box , and the usher showed me how to cut through the river - side wall of the arena . "
" There 's a passageway back there ? "
" Yeah .
And I do n't think anyone 's cleaned it out since the Seger show in 75 . "
She sighed .
" The things you learn . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
No one rode the U.S. housing bubble higher than the company that calls itself " America 's Builder , " D.R. Horton Inc DHI.N .
The entrance to an unfinished phase in the Bent Creek development by Lennar in Ft. Pierce , Florida April 28 , 2010 .
Although banks got a much bigger bailout from the government and hence taxpayers , homebuilders certainly got their share , both directly and indirectly .
This came in the form of tax benefits for buyers , tax refunds for builders and policies that kept mortgage rates low and foreclosures off the market .
REUTERS / Doug Murray
During the boom years , Horton and its peers sprawled across the map , opening new divisions and buying up smaller fry in an industry - wide frenzy of expansion and acquisition .
In 2006 , the year home prices peaked , D.R. Horton ’s sales did as well , with 53,099 home sales closed .
Its founder predicted the company would break the 100,000 - unit barrier by 2010 .
That will not happen -- not this year , not anytime soon .
Horton sold just 16,703 homes in 2009 .
Since the depths of the downturn in 2007 , the company has lost more than $ 3.9 billion and laid off 53 percent of its workers .
But Horton has seen robust growth in one area : executive pay .
The company ’s founder and chairman , D.R. Horton , made $ 17.6 million from 2007 to 2009 , as his annual compensation jumped from $ 2 million to $ 7.6 million , according to Equilar , a research firm that specializes in pay .
His chief executive , Donald Tomnitz , received a similar pay hike .
Both will receive raises in base salary this year .
The two were not the only ones who profited handsomely during the most perilous stretch in their industry ’s history , when homebuilders fired nearly half their workforce and lost more than half their market cap .
While Wall Street bankers have received far more scrutiny -- and grief -- for their fat paychecks , homebuilder executives have been doing quite well for themselves .
In 2007 and 2008 , the CEOs of the 10 biggest U.S. homebuilders earned an average of about $ 6 million a year each in total compensation .
And although banks and automakers got bigger bailouts from the government , homebuilders certainly got their share .
This came in the form of tax benefits for buyers , tax refunds for builders and policies that kept mortgage rates low and foreclosures off the market .
“ Without the government ’s support , in all likelihood we would have seen more failures among the builders , ” said Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody ’s Economy.com .
“ It ’s almost hard to list all the things that have been done to support homebuilding either directly or indirectly . ”
The federal homebuyer tax credit , which has provided up to $ 8,000 for homebuyers , cost taxpayers about $ 25 billion , Zandi said , while the tax refund amounted to a $ 5 billion cash cushion for big builders ’ balance sheets .
Individual states , such as California , helped out , too , offering their own baskets of tax benefits and breaks for homebuyers .
Of course , homebuilding executive pay -- including that of Horton and Tomnitz -- is n’t what it was at the top of the market , when predatory lenders pushed few - questions - asked loans on people who could not afford them .
In 2005 alone , for example , Horton and Tomnitz each took home cash bonuses of almost $ 13 million .
Then again , some investors say homebuilders were overpaid during the boom , when Bob Toll of Toll Brothers Inc TOL.N , R. Chad Dreier of Ryland Group RYL.N and Larry Mizel of MDC Holdings Inc MDC.N took home compensation and stock sales in the hundreds of millions .
" Homebuilding is highly cyclical .
You can't blame that on corporate management nor should you give them credit when there is an upturn , " said Eric Marshall , director of research for Hodges Capital Management , which owns shares of No. 1 builder PulteGroup Inc PHM.N. " CEO compensation needs to be better balanced , especially in cyclical industries . "
D.R. Horton declined to comment for this article .
LOCATION , LOCATION , LOCATION
Homebuilding falls in a sector known as consumer durables .
That 's the technical term for the big - ticket items that cost consumers not just money but often sleep -- such as houses and some of the stuff inside them .
Besides homebuilders , the sector includes companies like appliance maker Whirlpool Corp WHR.N and furniture retailer Ethan Allen Interiors Inc ETH.N .
But CEOs whose companies build homes make more money -- four to five times more -- than their counterparts who manufacture couches and washing machines , said Robin Ferracone , executive chair at compensation consultant Farient Advisors .
She and others attribute homebuilders ' outsized pay to a quirk of the industry : the involvement of founders and their sons in companies such as Horton , Toll Brothers , MDC Holdings , Lennar Corp LEN.N and Hovnanian Enterprises HOV.N .
“ When a homebuilding company goes public , it often does n’t make that psychological transition to being a public company , ” Ferracone said .
“ They pay themselves as if they were private . ”
For example , MDC Holdings gave Larry Mizel a $ 2 million bonus , plus restricted stock , in 2007 , when the company lost $ 636.9 million .
An income - based formula was “ unfair and inappropriate ” given Mizel ’s ability to preserve the company and position it for future success , according to the proxy .
Mizel ’s compensation dipped in 2008 , but by 2009 , at $ 7.8 million , was starting to recover and had rebounded almost to its 2007 level .
MDC Holdings also declined to comment for this article .
Unlike Mizel , Hovnanian ’s chief executive did not receive a discretionary bonus , or indeed any bonus , in 2007 .
Instead , he went without until the next year , when his board revised its bonus program to peg his award to the reduction of debt , much of which accumulated on his watch .
Long the most leveraged homebuilder , Hovnanian also fired 60 percent of its workers between 2007 and 2009 .
It lost $ 2.47 billion during that time .
Its share price was hammered , falling from a high of $ 73.40 in July 2005 to a low of $ 0.52 in March of last year .
CEO and Chairman Ara Hovnanian did manage to cut debt from $ 2.47 billion in 2008 to $ 1.77 billion in 2009 .
He did so by buying out some bondholders at a loss and then issuing more debt at a discount and higher interest rates , said bond analyst Vicki Bryan of Gimme Credit .
Standard & Poor ’s , the ratings agency , called the action “ tantamount to a default ” and a “ de facto debt restructuring . ”
For this , he received $ 1.5 million in 2008 , and $ 699,500 the next year .
The company also paid his country club fees , and let him use its plane and cars for personal use .
Unlike its peers , Hovnanian has not purged its compensation of such perks .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
The company ’s compensation committee said it wanted Ara Hovnanian to focus on debt reduction because it wanted sufficient liquidity to exploit opportunities during the recovery , Chief Financial Officer Larry Sorsby said .
The company also froze Hovnanian ’s salary at a little over $ 1 million , and cut his total compensation to $ 2.7 million in 2009 , from $ 5.4 million in 2007 .
Not every homebuilder executive sought to grow , or at least maintain , his pay during the downturn .
Meritage Homes Corp MTH.N Chief Executive Steven Hilton took a voluntary pay cut and turned down his bonus during the worst years .
His total compensation , already at the lower end compared to his counterparts at comparable builders , fell 29 percent between 2007 and 2009 to $ 2.5 million .
But Meritage is one of the few exceptions .
FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS
At Toll , the board revamped its entire CEO bonus plan in 2007 “ to develop a bonus program that would work effectively in all economic climates , ” according to the proxy .
The plan had generated excessive compensation during the boom and eliminated bonuses altogether during the bust , Chief Financial Officer Joel Rassman explained .
Under the revised plan , Bob Toll technically earned bonuses of $ 5.2 million in both 2008 and 2009 , years the company lost about $ 1 billion .
But the board canceled them “ due to overall economic conditions ” and gave him restricted stock instead .
Of course , even $ 5.2 million is only 2.5 percent of the $ 212.9 million
Toll took in between 2006 and 2010 selling shares of his company , according to Ben Silverman of InsiderScore.com .
Toll and Hovnanian ’s prominence complicates the industry ’s image because they represent housing to Congress and to the public , said John McManus , editorial director for a slate of homebuilding trade publications , including Big Builder .
“ Is this guy a greedy banker or a good guy who tries to build housing for people who ca n’t afford it ? ” McManus said .
The growth of his company generated wealth for shareholders as well as Toll , Rassman said : “ As the CEO of a company he needs to do what is right for the industry , and what is right for America . ”
Toll focused his lobbying efforts on policies that would generate jobs , such as a tax credit for only newly constructed homes that never passed , Rassman said .
KING CASH
Like MDC Holdings , KB Home 's KBH.N board exercised its discretion in 2007 -- but on a far grander scale , handing a $ 6 million bonus to CEO Jeffrey Mezger in his first year on the job for cutting debt and headcount and improving the company 's customer satisfaction levels .
The company lost $ 929.4 million that year .
KB , too , declined to comment for this story .
Other builders simply revised their compensation metrics .
Horton , Pulte , Ryland , and Beazer Homes USA Inc BZH.N opted in 2007 to reward cash generation in addition to income with the result that their CEOs did not go without bonuses in 2008 or 2009 .
Beazer could not be reached for comment on this story .
KB and Pulte declined to comment .
Ryland ’s Dreier got a $ 2.5 million bonus in 2008 , when his total compensation was $ 8.1 million , virtually unchanged from 2007 .
In 2009 , Horton and Tomnitz each received $ 2.3 million .
Ryland said the bonus was intended to motivate Dreier to ramp up its cash position .
If profits proved elusive that year , the company would need to have funds on hand to make money once the industry recovered , said Ryland spokesman Eric Elder .
But investors who understand cash ’s importance questioned the need for a bonus in such dire times .
“ They ’re being selective and self - serving , ” said Todd Lowenstein , portfolio manager for the HighMark Value Momentum Fund , which used to own Pulte shares .
“ In an environment like this , you do n’t need to shower CEOs with additional compensation .
The environment is going to motivate them . ”
What ’s more , Washington helped CEOs secure those bonuses .
An accounting change known as the “ net operating loss lookback ” was particularly helpful here .
The lookback , which has been on the books for years and was extended in 2009 , allows businesses to recoup old taxes by reducing a past profit by the amount of a current loss .
And the policy will ultimately give builders back $ 4.8 billion , according to Deutsche Bank analyst Nishu Sood .
The lookback aims to smooth distortions caused by the annual accounting period and was not designed with homebuilders in mind , said Deloitte Tax Principal Clint Stretch .
“ If they were n’t profitable , why should the government have gotten any income tax ? ” Stretch asked .
But the government ’s 2009 decision to extend the policy will greatly benefit builders and applies most neatly to them , said Douglas Shackelford , a professor of tax at the University of North Carolina ’s Kenan - Flagler Business School .
Few other companies can apply large losses incurred in 2007 through 2009 to large profits made in 2004 through 2006 , Shackelford said .
“ Every time there ’s a downturn , there ’s some group that gets hit harder than anybody else .
But it does n’t follow that they should get more help than anybody else , ” he said .
LOOK BACK IN ANGER
In recent quarters , tax refunds from the lookback extension made the difference between profit and loss , enabling most of the builders to post their first paper profits in years .
“ It ’s like you ’re walking down the street and you see a bag of money and you get an award because your bank account balance went up , ” said Bryan of Gimme Credit .
The lookback also gave big builders an extra edge over smaller rivals .
Selling land was one of the easiest ways to book a loss that would generate a refund , so the lookback motivated them to dump inventory bought at peak - era prices .
They then used the cash refund to buy choice parcels on the cheap .
Smaller builders protested that those land sales further hurt land and home prices , and that big builders ’ refunds bought coveted land positions that will translate into competitive advantage and marketshare .
Many of the big builders made the lookback a big priority .
In early 2009 , Hovnanian ’s CEO was spending 70 percent of his time lobbying for it , Sorsby told investors at the time .
It even helped precipitate a split in the industry , with the bigger players forming an alternative trade organization .
The government hoped that the main beneficiaries would start hiring , and there is some evidence that is happening .
Miami - based Lennar , which laid off 44.7 percent of its workforce between 2007 and 2009 , says it has already hired 50 people and plans to hire more in the near future .
RECOVERING BUILDER-HOLICS
Lennar and indeed most homebuilders are feeling more optimistic these days than they have in years as the U.S. economy gradually improves and the wobbly housing recovery shows signs of solidifying .
Nationally , sales of new homes rose 26.9 percent in March , the largest increase since April 1963 .
The heightened demand boosted orders across the sector .
Meritage , Horton and Beazer all reported surprise profits .
Horton is so confident it can make money in 2010 it has revised its bonus metric back to pre-tax income , “ a performance goal we had historically used before the housing downturn , ” according to the company ’s most recent proxy .
But given the stubbornly high unemployment rate , most recently reported by the Labor Department at 9.7 percent , the housing recovery could yet stall as the government withdraws its supports for the industry .
In March , the Federal Reserve terminated its program of purchasing mortgage - related debt , which had helped keep interest rates low and homes more affordable , as did the homebuyer tax credit that expired on April 30 .
“ The economic backdrop remains difficult .
Foreclosure rates remain at record levels , which keeps home values down and depresses potential demand , ” Bryan said .
Optimism based on March ’s new home sales number is a mistake , said real estate consultant John Burns , whose eponymous firm is located in Irvine , California .
March “ was still one of the worst month ’s of all time , ” he said .
“ We survey approximately 2,000 communities every month , and sales were not that robust . ”
Estimates on the recovery 's timing vary , but even the more sanguine prognosticators say builders might have to wait another year or more to really make money .
That means investors might again take a hit as their share prices , up 27 percent this year according to the Dow Jones U.S. Home Construction Index .
DJUSHB , deflate .
In that event , homebuilder CEO pay may come to reflect the industry ’s travails .
“ On Wall Street , if you ’re managing money and you have a loss for the year you ’re not likely to see a large bonus .
That ’s the way the world works , ” Hodges Capital Management ’s Marshall said .
“ They should participate in the downturn just like the shareholders . ”
Are You a Vampire ?
No , I 've Just Met God
DXM
Citation : P.J..
" Are You a Vampire ?
No , I 've Just Met God : An Experience with DXM ( exp1878 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Jun 16 , 2000 .
erowid.org/exp/1878
DOSE :
354 mg oral DXM ( liquid )
BODY WEIGHT : 180 lb
To gather insight into my current state of affairs .
In retrospect , I would have been better served calling the Psychic Friends Network .
It was 1 am .
I was on my way to bed ; I had been researching DXM on the web , and figured , what the heck .
Previously I had not been in the best possible mind set for the last two weeks .
The love of my life had left me saying that I was too intense for her , and she didn t want to be consumed .
It was also about a month off from the anniversary of my father 's death , and a mess of other angry - make events .
I admit to being an adrenaline junkie , ( ex NASCAR driver ) ; but my most recent of two trips , gave me pause to re-examine my lifestyle .
I had tripped a week before , on the same stuff , with a little less quantity , fairly uneventful , and actually pretty dull .
The second time I had Massive Attacks newest on the juke box , and it was a cold and windy night .
Not a cloud in the sky when I walked the dog around 10 pm .
I had left one window open to circulate fresh air , and so I could hear the outside world , a lucid dreaming trick I had learned at the NIH.24 years old , 180lb , I have a rather exotic neurological disorder : Friedriech s Ataxia , ( think Steven Hawking ) , and have a 160 iq , scored perfect on the language part of the SAT , ( piss poor on the math , but nobody 's perfect ) .
I had never even smoked marijuana before , and was a virgin extreme to altered states .
I had just finished some Sam Adams , and was already a little woozy as I toddled off to bed .
At 1 am , I chugged a bottle of Robitussin Maximum Strength , Cough and Cold , ( 354 mg dosage , not a lot I know , [ 5 ml per dose / 118 ml in the bottle x15 mg per dose ] ) ; I did not gag at all .
I climbed into bed , turned off the lights , and waited .
Within 30 - 45 minutes
I was becoming nauseous , but having had to throw back some truly disgusting substances for my neurology , I knew could keep it down .
About 15 minutes later the sickness passed , and I , feeling sort of drunk opened my eyes , to look for visual hallucinations .
No such luck , so I closed my eyes , and rolled over thinking , screw this , just go to sleep .
I could feel my thighs tense and relax , like a puppy in rem .
I could hear the leaves rustling outside .
Every car that went by outside , I felt like I was the car for a split second ... Then I opened my eyes again , and found the ceiling , white , was shifting like it was liquid .
This was the coolest thing I had ever seen .
Big sigh .
I found myself thinking about my girlfriend ; I think I may have had an out - of - body experience , because I was suddenly in her bedroom in NC , while I knew My body was in NY .
I was sort of swept along by my thoughts , and found myself crying over her as she slept .
I kissed her on the neck , and was gone .
Back to my room , I opened my eyes again , and felt a presence .
It wasn t an elf , or an alien , or anything which I could make out clearly enough to identify .
The shadows on the ceiling sort of came together to form a void mouth type thing .
It saw that I had been crying and thought / asked if there was anything to be done .
Before I thought / said anything else ,
It thought / said she 'll be back , she misses you too .
Once again I cried .
It then started to rain outside , right on cue , and I knew then what / who I had been conversing with .
I did n't fear it , but I started thinking , hey this is pretty cool , getting to meet god on your second trip .
I then sort of got up , and robo - walked , ( very , very odd ) into the bathroom for the most wonderful piss of my life .
The other odd thing about my jaunt to the can was that I did n't wake up the puppy .
I felt such empathy for her , as she slept ; I then had a flash , and I was the dog .
So bizarre , so basic , so hungry , ( the vet said that she was overweight , so I was cutting back on her food ) .
I got her a biscuit , and laid it at the tip of her nose , and went back to bed .
Crawling back to bed , this was odd , but I could swear that I was levitating , and just sort of slid onto the mattress .
I then stayed awake until the sun came up , coming down ; I had peaked at about 2:30 - 3:30 am , and was feeling unusually beat .
I fell asleep and woke refreshed and only had a mild hangover at about 1 pm .
I massaged my thighs in a hot bath to lessen the stiffness , and sit here in my bathrobe , writing this .
I have also in reading the stories , faqs , and information on the web , have encountered a number of strange real - world phenomena with regards to my two trips .
The first is the dimming of street lights in my presence .
I can shut off all the lamps on Broadway , one after the next , within a 20 - 30 foot radius .
As I pass by , the last one flicks back to life .
The other thing worthy of note is that I think I shut off the coffee bean roaster , at my favorite local coffee house , until they took my order , and then blammo , back on .
Really quite bizarre ; the other thing that gave me pause to re-examine was after the first trip , I was sitting at a red light , but the green would n't turn on !
From red to nothing ... A sign to slow down my life now , before it s too late .
One which I am heeding with great care .
I don t think that this is something which I could control , but am having fun , with my thought clapper , as I walk downtown after dark and amaze the odd pedestrian with my new found power .
A group of teens asked me if I was a vampire ; to which I replied '
No , I ve just met god .
' The only recommendation I would have for people interested in DXM , is to of course take it slowly , and to be certain that they read and comprehend all of the warnings and contra-indications before they proceed .
I am so grateful to the people who have gone before and left descriptions of their experiences , I felt it only right to leave my own for the next generation of pyschonauts .
Good - Luck .P.S. I ll let you know if God was right about my fiancee .
I am not sure where this came from , or why Pete Rock chose to take part in such a project , but this is dope !
Yo La Tengo , a fantastic indie band out of New Jersey dropped their album , Popular Music last year .
The first song on that album is called “ Here To Fall ” , and today we get to hear Pete Rock ’s remix of that .
Along with sampling and tricking out the song , he also decides to lay down some bars .
I ca n’t really say that Mr. Rock is one with words , but he did an excellent job of transforming this rock track into an eerie hip - hop landscape .
This song will be available on iTunes along with the rest of the Here To Fall Remixes EP , due out June 8th via Matador .
Word has it that the EP will also include remixes from De La Soul and RJD2 .
That is what I am talking about !
[ audio : http://potholesinmyblog.flywheelsites.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Yo-La-Tengo-Here-To-Fall-Pete-Rock-Remix.mp3] [ audio: http://potholesinmyblog.flywheelsites.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Yo-La-Tengo-Here-To-Fall.mp3]
Download : Yo La Tengo – “ Here To Fall ” ( Pete Rock Remix ) [ Right Click Save - As ]
A webseries about a boy who desperately tries to become famous on the internet .
Youtube link :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpdRS4Nx59E
Varun
Douglas Robb at HealthHabits posted the other day about the Occlusion / Kaatsu training method , which is popular in Japan .
While not necessarily useful to me , I found it a very interesting read .
What Kaatsu Training Does
Kaatsu training looks like it can increase muscle hypertrophy significantly more than regular resistance training over an extremely short period of time .
In fact the results of the studies show that 2 weeks of Kaatsu training increases muscle mass to a higher degree than 5 weeks of regular resistance training .
The Definition of Occlusion
In medical terms , occlusion is the act of occluding or the state of being occluded ; a shutting off or obstruction of something ; a blocking of the central passage of one reflex by the passage of another .
Kaatsu training applies occlusion by restricting blood flow to target muscle groups , also called Blood Flow Restriction , or BFR .
So , What is Kaatsu Training ?
Kaatsu training involves applying a tourniquet or a tight wrap to the proximal portion of the target limb in order to fully or partially restrict blood flow for the duration of a low intensity exercise session .
The guidelines of Kaatsu training are as follows :
Intensity is 20 % of 1 rep max .
Training frequency is twice a day , 6 days per week .
The minimum duration of Kaatsu training is 2 weeks , for a total of 24 sessions in 14 days .
At least 4 hours between sessions .
Occlusion is maintained throughout the entire exercise session .
Why Kaatsu Training Works
The theory is that the metabolic buildup within the restricted muscles elicits a number of physiological changes including a significant rise in growth hormone , which is actually higher than that observed with higher intensity exercise .
Is n’t that interesting ?
The Studies
Several studies were performed using both the Kaatsu method and regular resistance training .
The results of those experiments are shown in the table below .
Table 1 : Training studies on the effects of high - intensity resistance training and low - intensity BFR training on skeletal muscle size and strength
Please see a more detailed version of this table in the PDF document linked at the bottom of this post .
Author
( Journal , Year ) No. of Subj .
Intensity
( reps x sets ) Weekly
Freq .
Weeks /
Sessions M-size
% Change Session
% Change High- intensity Resistance Training Akima et al. ( MSSE , 1999 ) 7 Max
5 x 10 4/5 2 / 9 2.8 0.31 Seynnes et al. ( JAP , 2006 ) 7 Max
7 x 4 2/3 5 / 13 5.0 0.36 Tesch et al. ( Acta , 2004 ) 10 Max
7 x 4 2/3 5 / 13 6.0 0.50 Bell et al. ( JSMPF , 1992 ) 16 Max
20 x 3 4 5 / 20 5.3 0.27 Wilkinson et al. ( EJAP , 2006 ) 10 80-90 %
6-10 x 3 - 4 3 8 / 24 5.4 0.23 Jones et al. ( JP , 1987 ) 12 80 %
6 x 4 3 12 / 36 5.0 0.14 Ahtiainen et al. ( EJAP , 2003 ) 16 10 RM
all - out x 5 2 21 / 42 4.7 0.11 Low - intensity BFR
Training ( training frequency : twice per day ) Abe et al . ( IJKTR , 2005 ) 8 20 %
30&15 x 3 12 2 / 24 7.7 0.32 T. Fujita et al. 8 20 %
30&15 x 3 12 1 / 12 3.0
3.5 0.25 ( MV )
0.29 ( CSA )
Key : M-size , muscle size ; CSA , cross-sectional area ; MV , muscle volume .
Conclusion
Traditional resistance training performed 2 - 3 times per week causes muscle hypertrophy in about 5 weeks after roughly 10 - 15 training sessions .
After the completion of the Kaatsu training study by T. Fujita et al. ( see Table 1 ) with both a Blood Flow Restricted ( BFR ) group and a control group , significant muscle hypertrophy was observed only in the BFR group as the CSA and MV both increased .
The resulting hypertrophic potential per session is similar to traditional high - intensity training .
1 - RM strength in the BFR group increased slightly due to increased muscle mass , although relative strength ( 1 - RM / CSA ) stayed the same .
Muscle damage normally associated with resistance training was not apparent in either group , as measured by blood levels of creatine kinase , myoglobin , and interleukin - 6 .
BFR training did not produce any signs of blood clotting .
Changes in muscle mass following 7 - days ( 12 sessions ) of low - intensity resistance training using BFR resulted in effects comparable to that of several weeks of high - intensity resistance training .
Changes in muscle mass following 14 - days ( 24 sessions ) of low - intensity resistance training using BFR resulted in effects greater than those seen after several weeks of high - intensity resistance training .
Kaatsu training produces changes in strength that are inferior to a resistance training program designed to maximize strength gains .
Should You Use Kaatsu Training ?
I am almost tempted to say “ Yes ” based on the results of these studies , but in reality I know better .
There are much better ways to train if you are a healthy person .
For bodybuilders , Kaatsu training appears to be an effective way to increase muscle mass … or you could just do 20 rep sets of breathing squats .
For powerlifters , the increased muscle mass could then be trained to maximize density and strength in program consisting of 2 - 3 weeks of Kaatsu training followed by 8 - 12 weeks of powerlifting .
Do n’t tell Louie Simmons that you are considering this though .
For Olympic lifters or sport - specific athletes , I do n’t think Kaatsu training has much to offer you .
Your best bet is to train for speed / strength and specific functionality .
The increased muscle mass would probably be more of a hindrance .
For novice or intermediate athletes who really only exercise for fun or to stay healthy , Kaatsu training probably does n’t have a place in your workout routine unless you want to worry about wearing really tight wraps or tourniquets while you exercise .
Additionally , occlusion training might be suitable for the following sub-sets of athletes :
athletes who are unable to sustain high loads due to joint pain
postoperative patients
cardiac rehabilitation
athletes who are unloading
astronauts
Resources
Read more about the T. Fujita et al. study here : Increased muscle volume and strength following six days of low - intensity resistance training with restricted muscle blood flow
Please Share !
Tags : build muscle , gain , gain muscle , kaatsu , mus , muscle gain , occlusion , weight , Weight Training , weightlifting
More About Russia
Just in case you mistakenly heard that it was all ice and snow in Russia , take a peek at the Big Bikini Exposition .
This is right on the river Moskva in Moscow !
Moscow has been the capital of Russia for almost its entire history .
The exception is during the period of the Russian Empire , which lasted from 1721 until the Russian Revolution 1917 .
For these two centuries the capital was St. Petersburg .
The Russian Empire was the second largest contiguous Empire in world memory ; only the Mongol Empire had been greater .
Check out what 's happening north of Mongolia these days , in ChitaAlthough you may not have heard of Sochi , on the Black Sea , they 're building up quickly and hope to host the 2014 Olympics .
Other periods of Russian history include the Tsardom of Russia , from Ivan IV to Peter the Great , and the Grand Duchy ( 14th - 16th centuries ) .
The earliest period of Russian history was ruled by the Novgorod Republic and Kievan Rus , which was the first Russian state dating back to 800 AD in Kiev .
Modern Russia remains one of the world 's superpowers .
They launched the earth 's second satellite , called Sputnik 1 , and were the first country to put a human being into orbit around earth .
( The first one is called the Moon . )
After the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 , Russia became a federal republic of 83 states .
Text by Steve Smith .
In our 3 + years of being online we have posted about nearly 1000 private torrent trackers .
Among these , there were only a handful sites such as GameUpdates that dealt with 100 % legal , legitimate content – all the others had a mix of both legit and pirated releases .
BioTorrents is one of those rare private trackers that focus only on legal content .
It ’s an innovative new niche site that highlights yet another legitimate use of BitTorrent – sharing of scientific research data including large datasets and even open access software .
In other words , it ’s a huge data repository that can be accessed by hundreds and thousands of scientists and students worldwide .
A brief introduction to BioTorrents and an explanation as to why they opted for BitTorrent technology to power their data transfers is given on the site ’s ‘ about ’ page ( quoted below ) .
BioTorrents allows scientists to rapidly share their results , datasets , and software using the popular BitTorrent file sharing technology .
All data is open - access and any illegal filesharing is not allowed on BioTorrents .
We encourage researchers and organizations to share their data on BioTorrents as an alternative to hosting files through FTP or HTTP for the following reasons : Using BioTorrents can allow researchers to download large datasets much faster .
BioTorrents can act as a central listing of results , datasets , and software that can be browsed and searched .
Data can be located on several servers allowing decentralization and availability of the data if one server becomes disabled
BioTorrent ’s existence itself is a very good answer to the turds who keep on harping ‘ BitTorrent = illegal downloading ’ .
This site does not host any illegal content and all of the software and data distributed are either public domain or have ‘ sharing friendly ’ licenses such as Creative Commons ( CC ) , GPL and so on .
BioTorrents has its own private torrent tracker ( biotorrents.net/announce.php ) but all of the indexed torrents are tracked by OpenBitTorrent as a backup measure .
In case anyone was wondering , the site is built on TBDEV tracker script .
Note that this is still a very young tracker that is less than a week old .
I do n’t think it ’s got much publicity yet except for an article on Ars Technica and being featured on is oHunt ’s Twitter .
The site currently tracks around 30 torrents and has 150+ members .
These numbers will without a doubt improve as the news spreads in the science community .
As for the content , BioTorrent currently tracks torrents related to the following categories : Bioinformatics , Chemistry , Genomics , Metabolomics , Metagenomics , Miscellaneous , Papers , Password Protected , Phylogenetics , Physics , Proteomics and Transcriptomics .
I have to say none of the uploads made much sense to me ( since I am no scientist ) but I can understand how BitTorrent technology can help reduce bandwidth costs and allow greater accessibility for content – some of those torrents are huge .
Signups for BioTorrents are currently open .
If you are a scientist or a student of science , you might want to check the site out .
Site Name : BioTorrents ( http://www.biotorrents.net)
Signup URL : http://www.biotorrents.net/signup.php
Powered by 8,320 lithium - ion batteries , the Mira EV traveled 623 miles on a single charge .
Image credit : Japan Electric Vehicle Club .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Japan Electric Vehicle Club broke its own Guinness World Record last weekend by driving an electric vehicle for a distance of 623.76 miles ( 1,003 kilometers ) without recharging .
The new distance record nearly doubles the old record of 345 miles ( 555.6 kilometers ) that was set last November .
The Tokyo - based Japan Electric Vehicle Club , a group of electric vehicle enthusiasts , converted the Daihatsu Mira EV from gas to electric using Sanyo lithium - ion batteries .
The record - breaking run took place at the track of a training school for auto racers in Shimotsuma , Ibaraki .
Seventeen drivers took turns driving the electric vehicle during a time period of 27.5 hours , with the car traveling at an average speed of 25 mph ( 40 kph ) .
The Mira EV was powered by an assembly of 8,320 cylindrical lithium -ion batteries ( Sanyo No. 18650 ) that are normally used in laptops and other electronic devices .
According to a press release , the battery configuration was similar to the one used to set the previous record .
Explore further 300 mph : New Land Speed Record for a Hydrogen Powered Vehicle
More information : Sanyo
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
A purported 16 - year - old star basketball player at Permian High School in Texas has been arrested after authorities found that the naturalized citizen from Haiti is actually 22 , the Odessa American reports .
Guerdwich Montimere admitted the deception , the newspaper reports , and was charged Tuesday night with presenting false identification to a peace officer , the paper says .
" I feel like I was hit by a ton of bricks , " says athletic director Leon Fuller .
" In my 50 years in education , I 've never heard of anything like this . "
Montimere graduated from Dillard High School in Fort Lauderdale in 2007 after leading Dillard to a state semifinal basketball game .
He then played basketball briefly at a community college in Illinois .
The newspaper says Montimere moved to Odessa in 2009 and enrolled in a junior high as 15 - year - old Jerry Joseph , eventually moving in with Permian basketball coach Danny Wright .
" He was a family member , and that is devastating to my family , " Wright says .
" This affected a lot of people .
The whole school of Permian embraced that kid .
He deceived us and played on everyone involved 's emotions .
" He has been lying to everyone , my God , what is up with that ? "
Wright tells the newspaper .
Montimere played varsity basketball for the Panthers his sophomore season , which means the entire season will likely be forfeited .
The school and the newspaper were tipped off about two weeks ago by sources from Florida , leading to his eventual unmaking by immigration officers , the Odessa American reports .
Permian High School is best known for its powerhouse football team that was the subject of the book Friday Night Lights .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
5. Javier Margas
If their ever was such thing as loving your team too much , it would have to be in this instance .
One can only imagine how drunk Margas was when he decided to dye his hair .
4. Joe Cole
Nothing screams narcissism more than shaving the first letter of your name onto the back of your head , yet that was not enough for Mr. Cole , he had to dye it red .
3.David James
Sporting the ever sexy “ Schoolboy ” hair cut , it seems James will have to keep on studying as his poor Portsmouth side get relegated .
2. Tony Daley
Lets just say Borat would have gone to town if he was this mans hairdresser .
With the curliness and buoyancy of a grown Serbians pubic hair , Daley struts his stuff down the pitch .
1. Taribo West
It would be a sham if the award of Premier League worst haircut of all time did not go to this veteran defender .
He may not be known for skills on the ball but he surely has entertained thousands with his girl like haircut .
One can only wonder what this man was thinking …
Ahmed Mohamed
At the same time , city - dwellers were eager to see skyscrapers tower over the horizon and airships dotting the skies .
Then there was the problem ( or perhaps prospect ) of limited land space and the subsequent necessity of migrating off - planet .
Could we build a metropolis on Mars ?
It should n't be impossible , we thought , given how we redesigned city streets to accommodate cars instead of carriages .
And after cave cities and skyscraper landing fields , why not ?
People moved to cities in pursuit of a dream , and with that same spirit , urban planners envisioned novel solutions for the cities of tomorrow .
Finns who long for the scent and feel of stationery need not despair as once it has been scanned , correspondence will be returned to its envelope and delivered in the normal fashion .
But the postman will only call twice a week at the homes of volunteer residents .
Deliveries to mailboxes at a local store will be made three times a week .
The expanded ban covers an area that starts near the Louisiana coast and moves southeast in a diagonal line .
From Mississippi to Pensacola , the ban starts about 30 miles offshore .
It begins moving away from shore at the Florida - Alabama border .
At its eastern end south of Apalachicola , about the midpoint of the Florida Panhandle , the ban starts about 160 miles offshore .
The Jedi Exile was created by Obsidian Entertainment as the primary protagonist in the 2005 PC and Xbox video game Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic II : The Sith Lords .
As of this time , the character called the Jedi Exile has no name , because the player is prompted to create one , or select a randomly generated identity at the start of the game .
Because of this , in game characters only refer to her as “ the exile .
” Although the character ’s canon allegiance has not been stated precisely , she is called a “ heroine ” in The New Essential Guide to Droids .
This is backed up by the fact that , as of the release of The Sith Lords , every canon game ending has been the light side version .
The Knights of the Old Republic Campaign Guide has confirmed that the light - side ending is indeed the canonical one .
The Exile ’s Jedi class is as of yet unknown .
However , after she helped Queen Talia and the Onderon Royalists defeat General Vaklu and his traitorous forces , Kavar told the Exile that he tried to convince her to become a Jedi Guardian like he was , saying that they could have used someone like her .
The Exile can learn both the Ataru and Shien lightsaber forms regardless of whether or not she was a Jedi Guardian or Jedi Sentinel , or their corresponding classes , the Jedi Weapon Master and Jedi Watchman , respectively .
However , if she was a Jedi Sentinel or Watchman , she would learn the Niman discipline from one of the Masters .
If she was a Jedi Guardian or Weapon Master , she would learn the Juyo discipline instead .
According to the official strategy guide for The Sith Lords , should the Exile have trained Bao - Dur in the ways of a Jedi Guardian , she would have been able to train him in the use of advanced lightsaber forms and techniques
This is cut content , and never made it in the final pressing of the game .
Biography
Early life and Jedi training
As a child , the Human female who would be known as the Jedi Exile was found and separated from her parents by the Jedi Order .
Like many Jedi of her day , she started her training as a Padawan at the Jedi Enclave on Dantooine .
She was taken as an informal Padawan by the Jedi Knight Kavar .
After Kavar left to fight the Mandalorians in the early skirmishes , she trained under many Masters , including the Jedi Master Vima Sunrider , daughter of the famed Jedi Nomi Sunrider .
Master Sunrider would often caution the young Jedi to be mindful of her powers , especially her aptitude for severing one ’s connection to the Force .
The Mandalorian Wars
When the Mandalorian Neo Crusaders launched an invasion of the Galactic Republic , the Exile had overwhelming compassion for the lives lost in the Outer Rim .
Inspired by her former Master Kavar , who had fought in the early skirmishes , she soon joined the ongoing battle , and became part of the Jedi Knight Revan ’s faction of Jedi after being personally recruited by Malak himself .
She left a prospective Padawan , Mical , without a Master .
The Exile served as Revan ’s most trusted general , second only to Malak , during the Mandalorian Wars .
She would prove her skills in battle and her knowledge of warfare in many of the war ’s bloodiest battles and campaigns , including the second battle of Onderon ’s jungle moon Dxun .
She also attained the rank of Jedi Knight during the war , but no knowledge is known as to how this happened .
Overseeing the final battle at the Sith planet Malachor V , she gave the order to activate the Mass Shadow Generator when it was clear that the bulk of the Republic ’s forces , led by Revan , would not arrive in time to engage the Mandalorian armada .
She watched silently from the bridge of her command ship as the generator crushed both the Republic and Mandalorian forces caught in its destructive wake .
The ensuing death and destruction , particularly that of the comrades she had led and befriended during the war caused such a substantial wound in the Force that the shock would have killed the Exile had she not unconsciously , and instinctively , severed her own connection .
Thereafter she was deafened to the Force ’s call ; incapable of sensing it through the interference caused by the Force echoes of the suffering that she had inflicted and been forced to witness .
The only Jedi under Revan able to turn away from the dark side after Malachor V , she was also the only Jedi to willingly return to the Jedi Temple on the Galactic Capital Coruscant and face trial for her actions — and also to defend them .
Malak originally wanted Revan to use his assassin droid HK - 47 to eliminate the Exile , but Revan , who referred to her as a Jedi “ who was already dead , ” wanted her to face the Council and show them the hypocrisy of their teachings , and so let her leave .
Despite an impassioned plea , the Jedi High Council decreed that because she had followed Revan to war , she was to be cast out of the Jedi Order .
The Council feared the “ wound ” in the Force that surrounded her .
Some on the Council , most notably Jedi Master Zez - Kai Ell , felt that they were punishing the Exile not because of what she did , but because she was symbolic of the many Jedi that had fallen to the dark side over the course of history .
These Council members felt that she was the perfect opportunity to examine why and how so many Jedi fall to the dark side .
But more conservative Council members , such as Master Atris , felt no need to do more than exile the former Jedi , even going so far as to comment that it was as though she were already dead .
The Dark Wars
Full details of the Exile ’s adventures in the Outer Rim are unknown , but it is known that Atris had orchestrated the Exile ’s return to known space .
In order to trick the Sith into revealing themselves , Atris leaked her return to the galaxy and , predictably , attracted the attention of the Sith Triumvirate .
The Exile ’s return to Republic space occurred in 3,951 BBY , in a time where Revan had vanquished Darth Malak and the last of the Jedi were being hunted down and exterminated .
The Harbinger , a Republic cruiser bound for Onderon , had been ordered by the Republic admiral Carth Onasi — a veteran of the Mandalorian Wars and the Jedi Civil War — to abort the planned trip and head to the Outer Rim in order to pick up the Exile .
She was requested to be given status as a diplomatic passenger and escorted to Telos IV , though it was made clear that she was to be given no special treatment nor to make any indications of her identity .
During the trip to Telos , the ship received a distress call from a low - stock freighter , claiming to be engaged in a firefight with a Sith warship .
When the Harbinger arrived , they found the ship derelict ; after the crew boarded the vessel they found it to be empty , save for the battered body of Sith Lord Darth Sion .
The Ebon Hawk , a small freighter that once had played a major role in the Jedi Civil War , also seemingly deserted , was picked up as well .
In the next few days , crew aboard the ship began to disappear ; when Darth Sion finally awoke , saying that he had come for the Jedi , the stealthed Sith Assassins revealed themselves and slaughtered the ship ’s crew en masse .
In the ensuing chaos , it went unnoticed that an HK - 50 unit had drugged the Exile and sealed her away .
As the ship died around them , the Sith Lord Darth Traya — going under the guise of her former identity of Jedi Master Kreia — found the Exile and brought her back to the Ebon Hawk and attempted to flee .
Unfortunately they attracted the attention of the now fully - operational warship , which fired on the freighter , damaging it severely and nearly killing both the Exile and Kreia .
With the help of the utility droid T3 - M4 , the Exile was taken care of and the Ebon Hawk was guided to the nearby Peragus Mining Facility .
When the Exile awoke from her torpor in the mining facility ’s medlab , she found Kreia ’s inert form .
After Kreia awoke and told the Exile that they had to find a way off the station , she found the facility to be completely abandoned except for malfunctioning mining droids , which attacked the Exile on sight .
To add to the mystery , the Exile ’s Force connection slowly began to return ; while searching for a way off the station she found a male scoundrel named Atton Rand , who was imprisoned within a force cage in the station ’s brig .
After Darth Sion and a group of Sith Assassins arrived on the Harbinger intending to kill the Exile , believing she was the last of the Jedi , the three escaped with T3 - M4 aboard the Ebon Hawk , traveling to Telos since it was the only available destination in the Peragus facility ’s navigational charts .
While being pursued by the Sith in the asteroid field around Peragus , laser fire from the hijacked warship ignited the volatile fuel within the asteroids .
The resulting explosion destroyed both the facility and the planet itself , though the Ebon Hawk and the Sith on board the Harbinger were able to escape .
When the Exile and her crew arrived at the massive Citadel Station in orbit around Telos IV , the Ebon Hawk and T3 - M4 were stolen and brought to the Telosian surface while they were held for questioning about the Peragus explosion .
After a Telosian investigation proved their innocence , they were asked by Lieutenant Dol Grenn to stay on - station until the Republic ’s inquiry was complete .
Instead , the Exile allied herself with the Ithorian Force adept Chodo Habat , eventually gathering enough evidence to expose Jana Lorso , the executive of the Czerka outpost on the Citadel Station .
After gathering the necessary evidence to bring Lorso down , and after the Exile saved Habat from mercenaries hired by Czerka to kill him and his herd , he allowed the Exile and her companions to use one of their shuttles to reach Telos ’ surface , where they were shot down by a Czerka air - defense turret .
An Iridonian Zabrak engineer named Bao -Dur , who had designed the Mass Shadow Generator and served under the Exile at Malachor V , saw the crash and pulled the three unharmed from the wreckage .
While on the surface , they learned that the Ebon Hawk had been taken to the old planetary aqueducts in the polar region of the planet .
Commandeering a shuttle from an abandoned military compound , the Exile and her companions traveled to the aqueducts and found Jedi Master Atris there , a former member of the Council that sentenced the Exile .
Atris was attempting to recover lost Jedi teachings and had surrounded herself with several Echani sisters .
These sisters , known as Handmaidens , had vowed not to learn the ways of the Jedi .
After a heated debate over what the Jedi should have done during the Mandalorian Wars , the Exile and her party left with the Ebon Hawk and T3 - M4 .
When they left , T3 - M4 revealed that he had managed to download Atris ’s database while being held , including a recording of the Exile ’s trial and records of where the last five remaining Jedi Masters were hiding : Atris on Telos , Kavar on Onderon , Vrook Lamar on Dantooine , Zez - Kai Ell on Nar Shaddaa , and Lonna Vash on the Sith tombworld Korriban .
Coincidentally , although Kreia believed otherwise , these were the same five Jedi on the Council that cast the Exile out of the Order .
However , Brianna was ordered by Atris to sneak aboard the Ebon Hawk and aid the Exile in her mission in order to monitor the Exile ’s activities in order to confirm that the Exile still served the light side .
The crew , together with its newest member , went off to these worlds in search of the Jedi in an attempt to unite them against the Sith and to find the answers as to why the Exile was sentenced as such .
During her adventures , the Exile met many beings who became her companions .
She found many of them to be Force - sensitive , and thus she trained them in the Jedi ways .
During this time the Dark Lord of the Sith Darth Nihilus had sent his Shadow Hand , the Miraluka Visas Marr , to assassinate the Exile .
However , after a brief lightsaber duel she was able to redeem Marr , accepting her into the ship ’s crew and retraining her in the ways of a Jedi Sentinel .
With Marr gained as an ally , the Exile knew she could not hide her presence for long , however she also knew that she had an inroad into finding at least one of the Sith Lords who hunted her .
The Exile also helped Bao - Dur overcome his guilt over the lives lost at the Battle of Malachor V , and trained him in the ways of a Jedi Guardian .
When two Twi’leks on Nar Shaddaa warned the Exile about Atton Rand — saying he was a killer and not just a soldier — the Exile asked him about this .
Rand was initially upset about being asked about his past , but he revealed his past as a soldier under the Republic during the Mandalorian Wars , and as a Sith trooper during the Jedi Civil War .
He told her that he decided to leave the Sith after he killed a female Jedi , with whom he fell in love with , after she showed him the Force .
After the Exile forgave him for killing that Jedi and welcomed his honesty , Rand asked the Exile if she would train him to be a Jedi .
The Exile agreed , training him as a Jedi Sentinel .
At this point Brianna was still wary of the Exile , but through acts of kindness and charity during their journey , Brianna finally believed that Atris had been wrong in her judgments .
Not soon afterwards the Exile asked Brianna to teach her Echani fighting techniques , and over the course of their journey they sparred three times , each time learning more about each other and became closer .
During that time the Exile challenged her traditions about sparring without clothes , and she conceded that bulkier clothes would be more practical .
She surprised the Exile by then changing into a Jedi robe .
When asked , she finally revealed that they were the last keepsake of her mother , the exiled Jedi Master Arren Kae .
She opened up to the Exile and revealed the story of her past , but she asked that it be kept secret from the rest of the crew , as she had come to trust the Exile over everyone else .
After their third sparring session , the Handmaiden stated that she had nothing left to teach the Exile .
The Exile then , despite the warnings from Kreia , offered to train Brianna as a Jedi Guardian , an offer she gladly accepted .
In that moment , Brianna renounced her oath to Atris , and pledged herself to the Exile ’s training and service for as long as they would be together .
In search of the Lost Jedi
The Exile endeavored to stabilize the political conditions on several planets : on Nar Shaddaa she helped the refugees who were being exploited by the Exchange criminal organization , destabilizing its operations on the moon by killing the Quarren crime lords Saquesh and Visquis .
She also destroyed the crime lord G0 - T0 ‘s flagship , the Visionary .
G0 - T0 himself went along with the Exile in hopes of stabilizing the galaxy .
He later admitted to her that he was the droid intended for the Telos Citadel Station .
She then met with Jedi Master Zez - Kai Ell and convinced him to go to the ruins of the Dantooine Jedi Enclave .
After the Exile ’s exploits on Nar Shaddaa , she discovered that the bounty hunter Mira , who joined her party on Nar Shaddaa , was Force - sensitive , and she showed Mira how to harness the Force .
When the Exile and her crew traveled to Onderon , the Ebon Hawk was attacked by one of General Vaklu ’s commanders , Colonel Tobin .
After destroying the Onderonian starfighters sent to intercept the Ebon Hawk , they were forced to land on Dxun , the moon of Onderon where she fought during the Mandalorian Wars .
After completing various tasks , the Mandalorian leader on Dxun , Mandalore the Preserver , allowed the Exile to take one of their shuttles to Iziz , the capital of Onderon .
After gaining contact with Jedi Master Kavar in the Iziz Cantina , Tobin interrupted the meeting , forcing Kavar to flee , but not without promising to contact her when he was able .
The Exile and Mandalore killed Tobin ’s forces that attacked them in the cantina and the western square , and proceeded to leave the city .
After they returned to Dxun , Mandalore joined the Exile not only because he felt she need an ally against the Sith , but because he intended to look for Mandalorian clans on other worlds so that he could reunite them under his leadership .
The Exile then helped Mandalore in finding scattered clans on Nar Shaddaa and Dantooine .
When she traveled to Dantooine , she met with Terena Adare , who was the Khoonda outpost ’s administrator .
Adare granted the Exile permission to search for Vrook Lamar in the Jedi Enclave ’s ruins .
The Exile met a scientist and historian named Mical , who was the Exile ’s prospective Padawan before she left to fight in the Mandalorian Wars ; he joined her crew and was eventually re-trained as a Jedi Consular by the Exile .
After rescuing Lamar from being shipped to Nar Shaddaa by a band of mercenaries in the Crystal Cave , she was confronted by the mercenary leader Azkul , a veteran of the Jedi Civil War who was trained at Darth Malak ’s academy .
Azkul asked the Exile to join him and take over Khoonda ; however , she refused , and he left , ordering the mercenaries accompanying him to kill the Exile .
After defeating them , she returned to Khoonda , bolstered its defenses and finalized the battle plans with the local militia leader , Zherron .
She and Lamar fought in the ensuing battle , killing Azkul and his mercenaries .
Having successfully defending Khoonda , she spoke with Lamar , and convinced him to meet with the other Jedi Masters she would find at the Academy .
The Exile eventually received a message from the Mandalorian Kelborn , telling her that he had received a message from Kavar .
She traveled to Dxun , where Kelborn told her that Vaklu met with the Council of Lords , and had them declare Queen Talia , who was his cousin , guilty of treason .
Kreia sensed something stirring on Dxun , and asked Kelborn whether or not they picked up anything on their sensors .
Kelborn confirmed that they had , and the Exile sent three members of her crew to deal with the Sith forces at the tomb of the ancient Sith Lord Freedon Nadd .
She then traveled with Kreia and one other crew member in a Basilisk war droid provided by Mandalore .
After the Exile and her companions landed in Iziz , they made their way to the Royal Palace , assisting Captain Bostuco in defeating Vaklu ’s exterior forces .
When she made her way into the palace , Tobin locked the door that led to the Queen ’s throne room ; after overriding the security codes , the Exile killed the drexl larva that Tobin and the Sith forces used to breach the throne room .
She then assisted Talia ’s forces in fighting Vaklu ’s soldiers , killing all but four .
After Vaklu ordered the four remaining troops to kill Talia , Kavar and the Exile intervened , killing them and defeating Vaklu .
Kreia then tried to convince the Exile to have Talia execute Vaklu , who was unarmed at the time , claiming he was too dangerous to be left alive .
The Exile , while respecting her council , said that the decision was the queen ’s to make , not hers .
Talia then ordered her troops to execute Vaklu , ending the Onderon Civil War .
After the battle , the Exile spoke with Kavar , who said he would meet with her and the Council on Dantooine .
The Exile went in search of the Jedi Master Lonna Vash on the ancient Sith homeworld of Korriban .
After Kreia telepathically guided her through the Valley of the Dark Lords , she entered the abandoned Sith Academy and found that Darth Sion had killed Vash no more then an hour after they landed .
Before the Exile and her companions escaped the Academy , they were confronted by Sion , who told the Exile that he studied and “ immersed ” himself in her , and that he knew of the paths she walked in exile .
He said that he knew her teacher , Kreia , and of the fires that raged on Dxun while the Republic died around her .
Sion further stated that she knew of war and battle , and said that he knew of Malachor .
Sion said that she knew what it meant to be broken , and warned the Exile that Kreia would destroy her as she had done with him , and said that he could end her suffering at Kreia ’s hands before it began .
With these words , the Exile and her companions fought the Lord of Pain , striking him down multiple times , yet the Dark Lord would recover from the fatal injuries and keep fighting .
Through the Force , Kreia told the Exile that Sion was not a beast of flesh and blood , and that it was not a battle that could be won .
She told her that while there would be another time , now was not the right time , not while Korriban ran through Sion .
The Exile thanked Kreia for the information , and she and her companions fled the Sith Academy .
While exploring the shyrack caves near the Sith Academy , she found the hidden tomb of the Sith Lord Ludo Kressh .
When she went inside , the Exile was forced to confront many of her own personality traits as well as many of her past choices and regrets .
This took the form of a series of visions , during which she witnessed a twisted version of when she was recruited by Malak , a recollection of her actions during the second battle of Dxun , an illusionary confrontation between Kreia and various members of her party , and finally a silent apparation of Darth Revan , with whom she did battle .
During these sequences much of her character was revealed , determined by her choices .
After locating and conversing with all of the remaining Jedi Masters , the Exile returned to Dantooine to find the rebuilt Jedi Enclave .
There , Masters Lamar , Kavar , and Ell had formed a Council in which they would decide her fate .
The Masters concluded that , through her actions at Malachor V , she had become a wound in the Force .
They stated that she carried the deaths of all who died in the battle within her , and that she regained her connection to the Force by feeding on death and leeching the life energy of her companions .
According to the Masters , the Sith had learned their ability to feed on the Force from her , and thus she was a threat to all living beings , and possibly the Force itself , and in time she might possess the same magnitude of power like Darth Nihilus and ultimately consume the galaxy .
They deemed it necessary that she be stripped of the Force with or without her consent ; she submitted to their sentence .
Having re-established her previous sentence of exile , they attempted to strip her of the Force , but before they could finish , Kreia stormed into the meeting to save the Exile at the last moment .
The Exile , still under her stasis established by the reconvened Jedi Council , was left helpless and could not defend them as Kreia , who revealed her true identity as the Sith Lord Darth Traya , used the Force to drain the Jedi Masters of the powers , putting them through the same suffering the Exile had felt on Malachor V .
This left them not only dead , but void of the Force .
Against the Sith Triumvirate
After Traya left , the Exile finally regained her strength and departed for Telos IV to find and confront her .
There the Exile found Brianna defeated at the hands of a corrupted Atris .
In order to save Brianna , the Exile was thus forced to confront Atris , who had fallen to the dark side .
After she defeated her , the Exile persuaded Atris to forgive her and helped Atris see the folly of her beliefs .
Atris then told the Exile that Traya had fled to Malachor V to wait for her there for a final confrontation , and confirmed her identity as one of the Lords of the Sith , one of those that had murdered the Jedi .
After the duel , Brianna pledged her allegiance to the Exile , renouncing her title of Last of the Handmaidens , and embracing her true name .
The Exile then left Atris in the Academy until her role in nearly destroying the Jedi could be judged by the Exile ’s apprentice Mical and the new Jedi Council .
Shortly thereafter , the Exile participated in the Battle of Telos IV . and faced Darth Nihilus aboard his flagship Ravager to keep him from destroying Telos , which he was doing to fuel his hunger for the Force .
With the assistance of Nihilus ’ former Sith apprentice , Visas Marr , and Mandalore the Preserver , the Exile vanquished the Sith Lord .
After crashing on the surface of Malachor V , the Exile proceeded to the Trayus Academy , where she demonstrated her strength with the Force and her skill in lightsaber combat against hordes of Sith Assassins , Lords , and Marauders before confronting Darth Sion himself .
After persuading Sion to let go of his hatred , which caused him to finally succumb to his numerous injuries and die , she confronted and tried to redeem Traya .
But Traya would not have it ; though she was warmed by the thought that her former pupil would still care enough to try and “ save ” her from the dark side .
She vowed that this confrontation could only end in death , and that if the Exile would not fight her , she would break her as she did Sion .
After a fierce but short battle , the Exile severed Traya ’s remaining hand , as well as their Force bond in a single stroke .
Traya hissed at the Exile to finish her , but even after all the evil things Traya had done to her , the Jedi Order , and the galaxy , she chose the path of the Jedi and spared the wounded Sith Lord .
Rather than accept mercy , Traya became enraged and continued to battle by animating three lightsabers to do battle for her with the Force , until the Exile had no choice but to strike her down and finish her once and for all .
Before she died , Traya told the Exile that she was greater than any she had ever trained .
In her final moments , Traya gave the Exile information about Revan ’s location in the Unknown Regions and about the future fates of the Exile ’s allies , the planets they had visited , and the future of the Republic .
Shortly after Traya ’s death , Bao - Dur ’s remote reactivated the Mass Shadow Generator in order to completely destroy the planet .
The crew of the badly damaged Ebon Hawk retrieved the Exile and escaped the planet .
The Exile returned to Dantooine to complete her training as a Jedi , then she ventured into the Unknown Regions in search of the Jedi Knight Revan , and was never seen again .
She left her apprentices behind to resurrect the fallen Jedi Order .
Personality and traits
Throughout her life , the Exile formed bonds with her comrades , even those who were supposedly her superiors or lesser in rank .
It was said that during her training , many fellow Padawans were quick to do whatever she did , and that others disliked her intensely .
She was regarded as a natural leader and a quick learner as well as generous and kind , though beyond this the personality of her early life is largely unknown .
In the wake of the Mandalorian Wars , the Exile returned to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant to answer for her actions .
She was fully aware of what she had done , and tried one last time to convince the Jedi Council of the rightness of her — and by extension Revan and Malak ’s — actions .
Despite her conviction and understanding of the consequences , she was exiled ; in defiance , she stabbed her lightsaber into the center stone of the Council chambers when asked to surrender it .
After her departure , her former Master Kavar mentioned that there was much defiance in her .
Following the exile ’s path , she forsook the company of others , preferring to wander about the Outer Rim in solitude .
The wars had left many scars on her , both physical and mental , and she was left with a feeling of regret for what she had done and what she had been asked to do .
During her exile , when she heard of the war started by Revan , she wondered if she could have been so blind or if the galaxy was so truly incomprehensible .
She then retreated further into herself , forsaking all Jedi principles excluding one : no attachments .
She disliked having to speak about the war , even after returning to the Republic and traveling amongst friends .
She was even uncomfortable discussing the war and its end with Bao - Dur , her old friend from the war .
Her wanderings served to maintain the discipline she had built up during her years of training and suffering the hardships of war .
Starting with her meeting of Kreia in the Peragus facility , the Exile began once more to form bonds with people she met during her travels , people with whom she had an interest in helping to keep alive so that they , in turn , could protect her .
Eventually she began to realize the leadership role she was destined for , embracing it in order to teach those Force - sensitives in her company to become the foundation of the new Jedi Order .
Also during this the Exile saw it as her duty to help stabilize the Republic in any way possible , reflecting her old sense of compassion and generosity that had initially driven her to war .
Because of her experiences in the Mandalorian Wars , she also understood the nature of war and battle and the hard choices that had to be made when conflict was inevitable .
Powers and abilities
The Exile , at first , was a Force user of average ability , yet she was a natural leader .
At a young age she demonstrated an unusual ability to influence others , and the Jedi Masters believed that she could form bonds through the Force to easily to those around her , an ability she was not consciously aware of .
After reconnecting with the Force , this ability became stronger .
Simply by observing another in action , the Exile could instantly learn Force techniques and lightsaber forms that would take a Jedi Master years to perfect .
It was believed by Masters Zez - Kai Ell , Kavar , and Vrook Lamar that this was because of the wound in the Force that surrounded her , which allowed her — like Darth Nihilus — to feed on the death of other life forms to sustain her Force powers .
This wound was caused by the Battle of Malachor V , and was what originally blocked her connection to the Force .
It was also because of the nature of such wounds to feed on death that the Exile began to regain her Force connection on Peragus II , after all the personnel were killed by HK - 50 ’s machinations .
When the Exile traveled the galaxy , killing hundreds in her search for the Masters , she unconsciously fed on all that death , fueling her powers .
It was this that caused the Masters such fear — both at her trial and after she had united them on Dantooine — as they thought her condition to be not only a threat to the Jedi and the Force , but a threat to life itself .
Through her informal apprenticeship to Kreia , the Exile was able to learn a number of rare and advanced Jedi techniques , including Breath Control and Beast trick .
Kreia also taught the Exile a powerful form of mind reading , where one could read the innermost thoughts of another .
Kreia was very impressed with the speed in which she learned this power .
She said that most Jedi Masters studied many years to learn the technique .
The Exile was also proficient in other Force powers , including Force Valor , Force Resistance , Force whirlwind , and the Mind trick .
She also learned many techniques from her companions : Atton Rand taught her to shield her thoughts , Brianna taught her Battle Precognition , Mical taught her an advanced form of meditation , and Visas Marr taught her how to see through the Force .
She also learned Moving Meditation while trying to improve the functionality of her utility droid T3 - M4 .
She learned the light - sided Force technique known as Force Enlightenment , after nearly being severed from the Force by the reconvened Jedi Council , and after Kreia , who had revealed herself as Darth Traya , betrayed the Exile by murdering the Masters .
The Exile defeated a number of high - profile adversaries , including Azkul , Vaklu , Atris , and the Sith Lords Darth Sion , Darth Traya , and Darth Nihilus .
She was skilled in the art of lightsaber combat , utilizing the lightsaber forms Shii - Cho , Makashi , and Soresu , and was known to have used at least one advanced Force technique , known as Force Channel .
She was also proficient in many forms of hand - to - hand and melee combat .
At the Telosian Jedi Academy , the Exile defeated five of the six Handmaiden sisters in hand - to - hand combat .
On Dxun , the Exile defeated the two champions of the Mandalorians ’ battle circle , Kelborn and Bralor , becoming the champion of the battle circle and earning the champions ’ rights to criticize or praise any Mandalorian who sparred in the battle circle .
Mandalore the Preserver told the Exile , in respect , that even with all their martial training , battles and ethics , even the greatest of his Mandalorian warriors were no match for her .
She was also became one of the few Jedi capable of using Dun Möch , especially in a duel against Darth Sion who could not be defeated by normal means .
The Exile eventually convinced Sion to let go of the Force and to finally allow himself to leave his life of pain and die .
The Exile remains the only known light - sided Jedi that used the technique to it ’s greatest extent ( most Jedi that used the technique used an inverse variant of the technique , or in limited applications only ) .
The Exile was also a very skilled tactician .
She served during the Mandalorian Wars and had , by war ’s end , risen to become Revan ’s most trusted general besides Malak himself , and commanded about a third of the Republic fleet during the Mandalorian Wars .
She is known to have taken part in both the second battle of Dxun and of Malachor V , both of which were victorious .
She also proved her tactical brilliance , as well as her natural talents of leadership , after her return from exile , during the battle of Khoonda .
On Dantooine a war had broken out between Khoonda and the forces of the mercenary Azkul .
Both Khoonda and Azkul wanted the Exile on their side , but she decided to help Khoonda .
Before the arrival of Azkul ’s men to the battlefield , the Exile bolstered Khoonda ’s defenses by persuading several civilians to join the Khoonda militia , healing those of the militia who were injured , planting more mines in the surrounding fields , and repairing damaged gun turrets and medical and combat droids .
Within a matter of mere hours , she had turned a disorganized mess into a powerful army , able to defeat the larger forces of Azkul .
The Exile was fluent in droidspeak , having worked alongside many utility droids during the Mandalorian Wars .
She could also speak and comprehend Basic , Huttese , Mando’a , and Tchuukthese without the aid of a translator .
She was also an accomplished swoop racer , winning sector championships on the Telos Citadel Station , Nar Shaddaa , and Onderon , and was also proficient at playing pazaak , a popular card game in which the goal was to reach 20 without going over .
The ramifications of the Exile ’s actions were still being felt throughout the galaxy nearly 4,000 years after the defeat of Darth Traya and the Sith Triumvirate .
The Jedi she trained would go on to resurrect the all - but - decimated Jedi Order .
Furthermore , the actions she took on Dantooine , Onderon , and Telos would ensure the solidification of a Republic that , because of the Great Sith War , the Mandalorian Wars and Jedi Civil War , had been teetering on the edge of collapse , prolonging its existence for several thousand more years .
There ’s a new film coming out .
You can take a look at it here .
And I know , just from looking at the details of the film , that it will be shit .
I ’ve not seen the film , I ’ve not seen the trailer , I ’ve not even seen a poster .
Yet I know it will be a big old bag of crap .
How ?
Well , you just have to look at who is starring in the film .
Nicolas Cage .
Cage is the Harriet Harman of the movie world – someone who has climbed to the top for no other reason than naked , garish self - belief and continual , unjustifiable self - promotion .
It certainly is n’t anything to with talent , since Cage is cinematic bromide .
He can make the most promising of movies instantly flat and unappealing .
No , the only reason why Nicholas Cage is allowed to headline major pictures if because Cage himself thinks he should be headlining major movies .
Cage looks ridiculous , with his receding hairline , his strange mouth and odd eyes .
And his desire to act like he is 20 years younger than he actually is .
He does n’t look like a leading man ; yet he still manages to get himself treated by some as some sort of heartthrob .
Fuck knows why ; if you took a couple of inches off his height , doubled them and then planted those inches around his waste , he would look similar to Danny DeVito .
And – in what must he a fundamental problem for anyone in his profession – the fucker ca n’t act .
Really , he can ’t .
All he can play is himself .
He plays Nicholas Cage .
Nicholas
Cage trying ( and , generally , failing ) to be cool .
In every role , regardless of what he is supposed to be playing , he acts in exactly the same way .
Hell , even if Nicolas Cage was playing Nicholas Cage in a film about Nicholas Cage ’s life , he still would n’t be convincing .
He just ca n’t act .
Look at some of the OK films he ’s been in - was undermined by Cage ’s attempts to look haunted and dramatic .
Rather than coming across as a family man facing a world he does n’t understand and that frightens him , Cage came across as a retarded puppy dog having a sulk .
Likewise , his idiosyncratically awful performance inshowed that the quirky , surreal world of David Lynch can be rendered irritating and silly if you have an awful central performance .
Honest to God , in that film , Cage did n’t need a female lead .
It really would n’t have made much of a difference had he been shown tossing himself off repeatedly over how gorgeous and irresistible he believes himself to be .
Now , he ’s stopped even being in vaguely good films .
Instead , he starts in the movie world ’s answer to rancid eggs .
anyone ?
You probably did n’t see it , unless you have a great desire to watch terrible fucking superhero movies .
The remake of ?
Watch the original .
Because the remake is awful in every single way .
It is n’t just a slur on the original ; it is a slur on everyone who has ever made a film that is worth watching .
It is a bitch slap to actors and directors with any talent whatsoever .
It is an awful , awful movie that makes you wish film had never been invented .
Of course , this rambling rant will have no affect on the inexplicable popularity of Mr Cage .
He ’ll still get millions of dollars for starring in films , and some people will – for reasons that defy understanding – go and watch those pictures .
For me , Nicholas Cage joins that roster of * stars * that includes Mackenzie Crook , Adam Sandler , Lindsey Lohan and ( increasingly and sadly ) John Hurt – stars whose name in the cast list means the film is going to be just plain bad .
Labels : Big Old Bag of Bollocks , Films
Even with Toddlers ,
It ’s the Thought that Counts
A reassuring new study finds that even in toddlers , intentions matter more than actions .
If you ’re a parent , you probably get bummed if you promise something to your child but ca n’t come through with it — a
Zhou Zhou pet , for instance , or a Tickle - Me Elmo back in the day .
And while your child might be a little disappointed that he ’s not unwrapping his top request , you do n’t need to worry about him thinking badly of you for it : a new study says that even toddlers are able to recognize good intentions in others , and will help people who ’ve tried to help them , even if the attempt failed .
In the study from Queen ’s University , researchers performed a series of three experiments with 16 toddlers and two actresses to see how the toddlers would react to different behaviors .
In one of the experiments , one of the actresses would deliberately refuse to give a child a toy .
The other actress would attempt to pass the toy , but accidentally push it out of reach .
When the tables were turned and the actresses asked for the children ’s help , 75 percent of them assisted the one who had tried to pass over a toy , even though she ’d been unsuccessful .
None of them helped the other actress .
So even though the first actress had n’t actually helped them , they ’d realized that she was trying to do something kind , and returned the favor anyway .
The study seems to illustrate that intentions are more powerful than actions , even for young children .
“ This is the first time anyone has demonstrated that children this young can be selective in their helping , ” said Kristen Dunfield , a doctoral student in psychology involved with the study .
“ Before that , we just knew children helped , and that they helped a lot .
In this case , the helpfulness did n’t really change - what changed was who the child was distributing that helpfulness to . ”
I 've just had an interesting meeting with a man who runs a big private security company in South Africa .
He 's looking after one foreign football team , and many VIPs , during the World Cup .
For a variety of reasons he did n't want his name to be mentioned , but here are some of the main observations he made about the upcoming tournament , and South Africa in general .
- Many foreign security advisors are vastly exaggerating , or misreading the security situation in South Africa .
" It 's not Congo here , " he said .
" These guys want Uzi machine guns on every bus and we say : ' Are you mad ?
You do n't need heavy weapons here . ' "
He also noted that some local security companies were playing along with foreign misconceptions in order to boost their profits .
- The country is " absolutely " ready in terms of general match and fan security , although if there is a " big bomb or other terrorist attack , " then he 's worried that hospitals and other infrastructure would n't be able to cope .
- " The hijacking threat will evaporate " during the World Cup , because there will be so many extra police on the streets .
He also cited a recent international sporting event for which his company looked after 4,500 foreign fans all around the country without a single instance of crime .
- Visiting fans should be very careful about hiring prostitutes .
" They 'll be asking for massive problems if they get involved . "
- There 's a growing realisation among local businesses that " more people are going to lose than win " financially from the World Cup .
Only a handful of big firms with close links to Fifa would profit .
" It 's just not going to be as big as hoped , " he said , citing reports like this one .
- He 's concerned that those organising the logistics " still do n't understand the magnitude of what 's coming ... we have no clue . "
There will be plenty of logistical mistakes during the tournament - with transport being a key area of concern - but " nothing big ... this is still going to be an unbelievable success for South Africa . "
- He 's worried about a serious post - tournament hangover , and singled out the " apathy " that afflicts the South African police force .
" I 'm a proud South African , but apathy might be this country 's downfall . "
He 's concerned that the country now stands where Zimbabwe did some 15 years ago .
" It starts with potholes .
If you can't fix the little things ... "
When it comes to ad placements , outdoor advertising companies are quite notorious for taking a sort of willy - nilly approach , like this poorly matched pair spotted at the 23rd Street subway station for the F/V .
Photo : ANIMALNewYork
Thierry Henry has denied reports tying him to MLS side New York Red Bulls .
As reported by AS , Barcelona 's Thierry Henry has rejected claims that he has reached a pre-contractual agreement with United States MLS team New York Red Bulls as had been reported last week .
The Frenchman has declared that his future plans are limited to this summer 's World Cup in South Africa and that there is nothing substantive in the reports tying him to America .
" For the moment , nothing is certain .
I am a Barcelona player and have another year left on my contract " , said ' Titi ' .
" Currently , my only worry is preparing for the World Cup with France .
I will have time to reflect on my future later .
" For more on Major League Soccer , visit Goal.com 's MLS page and join Goal.com USA 's Facebook fan page
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 47 votes ) Views : 40526
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 47 votes ) Views : 40526
How about another slice of eww ugly damn
Tags : goth , whale , fatty
The red state ripoff
Over at the Fourth Branch , they 've got a nice map showing the states that receive more than a dollar back for every dollar they pay in taxes ( which they 've coded red ) , and the states that receive less than a dollar back for every dollar they pay in taxes ( which they 've coded blue ) .
Just to repeat :
Red states are getting a good deal , and blue states a bad one .
Here 's the map :
Remind you of anything ?
Fourth Branch comments :
In the midst of the post - game celebration immediately following the Flyers ’ 2 - 1 victory over the Boston Bruins on Wednesday to force a game 7 , CSN cameras panned over to shoot the reaction of Flyers ’ owner Ed Snider .
But what the camera caught was a sight that would make any fan of the New York Rangers cringe .
Former Rangers ’ goaltender and Philadelphia native Mike Richter , was caught vigorously shaking hands and smiling with Snider immediately following Philly ’s win .
It is unknown whether Snider had him in the building as the Flyers ’ emergency goaltender .
Image caption
The chancellor 's spending cuts will mean fewer extra university places
Extra university places and school services in England are to be cut in the coalition government 's drive to reduce public spending .
Cuts of £ 200 m to the university budget will mean 10,000 fewer extra places than had been announced .
The Department for Education is to be cut by £ 670 m - including £ 311 m for council spending on schools .
The savings are intended to be part of public spending reductions of £ 6.25 bn .
The spending cuts were announced by the Chancellor George Osborne and his Chief Secretary David Laws .
" We need to tackle the deficit so that our debt repayments do n't spiral out of control , " said Mr Osborne .
The cuts in university expansion come at a time of unprecedented demand for places - up 16.5 % on last year .
There could be 100,000 more people looking for university places this autumn than last year .
Struggle for places
The last Budget of the previous goverment had promised an extra 20,000 places - with the Liberal Democrats then offering 15,000 extra places .
EDUCATION CUTS 10,000 fewer extra university places
£ 200 m further cuts for universities
£ 311 m less for local authority education services
£ 47 m from one - to - one tuition
£ 60 m from vocational qualifications
£ 1 m from school food trust
£ 16 m from national college for head teachers
Becta technology agency scrapped
There will now only be another 10,000 extra places - the number promised by the Conservative party .
It will mean an extra 8,000 full - time undergraduate places and 2,000 part time places this autumn .
But the funding will only be for one year , the second and third years will have to be funded by universities from other savings .
The cuts of £ 200 m in university spending will be in addition to £ 449 m already announced for next year .
The UCU lecturers ' union said the decision would " dash the hopes " of many young people - and the Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition " should stop pretending that ' we 're all in this together ' " .
The Million + group of new universities says the " real losers are the 10,000 extra students who would have had the opportunity to go to university " .
School transport
The core spending on schools is to be protected for one year - but there will be £ 311 m cuts to the funding given by the government to local authorities for education .
This covers services such as school transport - and will mean local authorities cutting education services or else finding savings from other budgets .
Becta , the government 's agency for improving the use of educational technology in schools , is to be scrapped .
It has running costs of £ 65 m per year - and savings this year are expected to be £ 10 m .
There are a raft of other cuts from school projects - including £ 47 m from one - to - one tuition , £ 60 m from diplomas and other vocational qualifications , £ 1 m from the School Food Trust and £ 40 m from " Every Child " schemes , such as Every Child a Writer .
The Qualifications and Curriculum Development Agency faces efficiency savings - and its long - term future will be decided later this year .
The announcement includes a promise that core school funding , Sure Start and 16 - 19 funding would be protected for one year .
There will be £ 150 m more to fund 50,000 new apprenticeship places and £ 50 m extra for further education colleges .
" We are very pleased that today 's Treasury announcement identifies college provision as one of the few areas where savings are being re-invested , " said Martin Doel , chief executive of the Association of Colleges .
Head teachers ' leader , John Dunford , welcomed the protection of frontline spending .
" School and college leaders will be reassured by today 's pledge to protecting education funding .
However the commitment is only for the next financial year , " he said .
But Chris Keates , head of the NASUWT teachers ' union , said : " Despite the Chancellor 's claims , the cuts announced today will hit jobs not only in the public sector but also in the private sector .
These cuts could also seriously undermine education provision in schools . "
Dr. Howard Frumkin
Special Assistant to the Director for Climate Change and Health
Centers for Disease Control & Prevention , Atlanta , Georgia
http://www.cdc.gov/healthyplaces/
Dr. Ellen Dunham - Jones
Associate Professor / Director of the Architecture Program
Georgia Institute of Technology
Co-author or Retrofitting Suburbia
Dr. Robert Bullard
Director of Environmental Justice Resource Center / Professor of Environmental Sociology
Clark Atlanta University
Author of Dumping in Dixie and many others .
Charles Brewer
Founder and former CEO of Mindspring
Managing Partner , Las Catalinas Holding Company , LLC
Developer of Glenwood Park , Atlanta
Dr. Rusty Pritchard
Economist / President and Co-Founder of Flourish
Kevin Clark
Architect and Partner
Historical Concepts , LTD
Eddie & Danielle Lovick
Glenwood Park residents since 2006
Cookie Scott
Grandmother / Pedestrian
Seven - year - old Aiyana Jones was killed during a SWAT raid in Detroit over the weekend ( more here and here ) .
Police raided a duplex looking for a suspect in a murder investigation .
According to Jones ' family , the suspect was arrested in the apartment opposite where the little girl was shot .
Police thus far are only saying that they had a warrant for the entire building , and that the suspect was arrested in that building .
The family says when police tossed a flashbang grenade through the window of the apartment where Jones was sleeping , the device ignited the blanket on her bed and set Jones on fire .
The police initially claimed Jones was shot after her grandmother had an altercation with one of the officers .
They now say the contact with the grandmother was incidental and the gun discharged accidentally .
According to the family , neighbors warned the officers that there were children in the home , and pointed officers to toys in the front yard .
If police in this case had intelligence that their suspect posed an immediate threat to others , there might be some justification for using a SWAT team to apprehend him .
Clearly a homicide suspect presents more of a threat than someone suspected of drug crimes .
But it does n't appear that the suspect was holding anyone hostage or on some sort of killing spree .
And unless we learn that 's the case , it 's hard to understand why you 'd send a SWAT team and deploy incendiary flash grenades into both units of a duplex , especially if it 's clear there are children and bystanders inside .
If nothing else , Aiyana Jones ' death illustrates just how volatile and violent these raids can be , as well as their low margin for error .
It shows why they should be used only when such force is necessary to defuse an already violent situation — that is , unless police intervene , there is an immediate threat of further loss of life .
That 's really the only scenario under which you can justify using tactics that have proven over the years to themselves carry a not insignificant risk of taking innocent lives .
More as we learn more details .
MORE : Sigh .
In this image provided by the U.S. Air Foce an X - 51A Waverider rides under the wing of a B - 52 Stratofortress Dec. 9 , 2008 .
A similar X - 51A successfully launched from a B - 52 Stratofortress , Wednesday May 26 , 2010 .
The Rocketdyne - built air breathing scramjet engine accelerated the vehicle to Mach 6 .
It was the longest supersonic combustion ramjet - powered hypersonic flight to date .
( AP Photo / US Air Force - Mike Cassidy )
An experimental aircraft has set a record for hypersonic flight , flying more than 3 minutes at Mach 6 - six times the speed of sound .
The X - 51A Waverider was released from a B - 52 Stratofortress off the southern California coast Wednesday morning , the Air Force reported on its website .
Its scramjet engine accelerated the vehicle to Mach 6 , and it flew autonomously for 200 seconds before losing acceleration .
At that point the test was terminated .
The Air Force said the previous record for a hypersonic scramjet burn was 12 seconds .
" We are ecstatic to have accomplished many of the X - 51A test points during its first hypersonic mission , " said Charlie Brink , an X - 51A program manager with the Air Force Research Laboratory at Wright - Patterson Air Force Base , Ohio .
" We equate this leap in engine technology as equivalent to the post - World War II jump from propeller - driven aircraft to jet engines , " Brink said .
The Waverider was built for the Air Force by Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne and Boeing Co .
Joe Vogel , Boeing 's director of hypersonics , said , " This is a new world record and sets the foundation for several hypersonic applications , including access to space , reconnaissance , strike , global reach and commercial transportation . "
Four X - 51A cruisers have been built for the Air Force , and the remaining three will be tested this fall .
" No test is perfect , " Brink said , " and I 'm sure we will find anomalies that we will need to address before the next flight . "
Explore further Faster Than a Speeding Bullet : Guinness Recognizes NASA Scramjet
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Grizzly Bear's ' Foreground ' -
An aleatory and combinatory remix by Phoenix A long time ago Grizzly Bear asked us to remix one of their tracks , but we never found the boldness to mess with their beautiful songs .
So the other day we figured , maybe if we combine great things together ( Grizzly Bear , Eno , chance ) , it would create something good .
For the size of the wave , it 's surprising how it catches us by surprise .
You 'd think we 'd see it coming .
Yet , each time we sit down to begin a difficult task that we'd rather avoid , here it comes - a huge tidal wave of negative emotions that overwhelms us .
We feel incompetent .
We feel like an imposter .
We want to run away .
There 's an emotional experience that I hear about ( and have personally experienced ) in relation to .
It is the truly overwhelming feeling of negative emotions that we can experience just as we begin a " dreaded " task .
I say negative emotions in the general sense , because there is such a mixture of emotions in the turbulent wave of emotions that people describe - , , frustration , , , .
One thing is common across these emotional experiences , we want to get away from these emotions as quickly as possible .
I 've written about this before from the perspective of " giving in to feel good . "
In the face of this wave of negative emotions , it 's common for us to focus on short - term mood repair rather than longer - term goal pursuit .
Certainly we know from research and clinical work that one common , but self - defeating , way to deal with these negative emotions is to get away from the stimulus that seems to be causing them .
In the case of procrastination , it 's putting off the task at hand , because it 's obvious that the feelings are precipitated by the task .
Wait .
Is it really the task that is causing these feelings ?
Certainly the task is a stimulus , but what is it stimulating ?
These tasks are stimulating our own irrational beliefs .
And , because these irrational beliefs often come as a cluster in our lives , they quickly build energy .
Part of the irrationality is that we often ruminate on these thoughts .
The thoughts are well rehearsed , habitual and dominant .
In turn , these irrational thoughts trigger a whole lot of negative emotions .
It feels like a huge wave of emotion .
It 's a strong metaphor , is n't it ?
A wave of emotion building energy as it moves forward and overwhelms us .
If this were a true wave on the ocean , we may be well advised to move away .
However , this is only a metaphor .
It 's a creation in our own minds .
It 's .
Learning to cope with these negative emotions is absolutely crucial to our successful goal pursuit .
In the long term , a relationship can help a great deal as we work to identify and defeat the irrational thoughts in our own lives that perpetuate habitual self - defeating action tendencies .
Counseling from a Rational Emotive Behavior
Therapy perspective has a clear focus on the integrated relations of our thoughts , emotions and behaviors .
In the short term , given the lived experience of this wave of emotions , you can stick with the metaphor , and brace your feet to let the wave wash over you .
These emotions will pass if you let them .
Your successful goal pursuit depends on it .
My own personal mantra for these situations is one given to me by Parker Palmer in his excellent book The Courage to Teach .
" I can have fear , but I need not be fear " ( 1998 ; p. 57 ) .
He writes ,
" Each time I walk into a classroom , I can choose the place within myself from which my teaching will come , just as I can choose the place within my students toward which my teaching will be aimed .
I need not teach from a fearful place : I can teach from my curiosity or hope or or honesty , places that are as real within me as are my fears .
I can have fear , but I need not be fear - if I am willing to stand somewhere else in my inner landscape " ( p. 57 ; emphasis added ) .
I need not work from a fearful place . . . there are other places within me , within my inner psychological landscape , that are just as real as my fear .
Palmer has helped me identify other places in my inner landscape ; other feelings that are every bit as real as my negative emotions .
I have learned to pursue my from these other places in my inner landscape - places that have far fewer tidal waves and way nicer beaches !
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1's car and equipment are expected to land back in Europe later today , following the air chaos delays caused by the Icelandic volcano , easing fears that teams faced a major headache to get ready in time for the Spanish Grand Prix .
Although a large number of team personnel and other F1 staff are still trapped in China as airlines try and find available space on planes , teams will at least breath a sigh of relief that cars and equipment are now on their way back .
The FOM freight planes , which are used to ship the equipment , had been trapped in Europe until earlier this week , but airspace restrictions meant they were able to get out and head to Shanghai .
After getting the planes loaded yesterday , they are due to get back to the UK later today - when more team personnel are also expected to return
Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner said : " The cars and freight will arrive back today , probably beating the team home by an hour or two . "
Although the loss of a few days may not seem a lot , with teams planning major upgrades for the Barcelona race then time was always going to be tight to turn the F1 cars around after four races on the road .
But Horner believes that the extra week 's gap in the calendar meant there would be minimal disruption .
" Thankfully , the way the calendar is with the extra week between the Chinese and Spanish Grand Prix , it has a very limited impact , " he said about the delay .
" There 's still over a week to turn the cars around and a lot of the components for the next race are produced here in the factory .
" The factory has n't been affected - obviously the turnaround components are a little bit out of sync now coming back two or three days late , but with the additional week , we 're confident it wo n't cause us any major issues . "
With air schedules getting back to normal , the return of the freight and staff to Europe will also erase any concern that the Spanish GP could be under threat .
Before this week 's heart - pounding and hand - jobbing thrills , I want to thank all the people who have made Man Comics the # 1 adventure series among non-pussies .
This issue features the first appearance of courageous Major Mars , America 's # 1 Space Soldier !
Action !
Punches !
Fuck !
Man Comics !
Related :
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The Federal Communications Commission plans to announce tomorrow that it will seek to reclassify broadband as a transport service , opening up a way for the agency to enforce network neutrality recommendations and implement some aspects of the National Broadband Plan .
It will also open the way for some bitter lobbying and court fights as the big ISPs try to keep the FCC from “ regulating the Internet . ”
A statement released by the agency this afternoon said :
The Chairman will seek to restore the status quo as it existed prior to the court decision in order to fulfill the previously stated agenda of extending broadband to all Americans , protecting consumers , ensuring fair competition , and preserving a free and open Internet .
The Chairman will outline a ‘ third way ’ approach between a weak Title I and a needlessly burdensome Title II approach .
It would 1 ) apply to broadband transmission service only the small handful of Title II provisions that , prior to the Comcast decision , were widely believed to be within the Commission ’s purview , and 2 ) would have broad up - front forbearance and meaningful boundaries to guard against regulatory overreach .
The entire wonky issue was brought to head at the beginning of April with an appeals court decision that the FCC had overstepped its authority when it censured Comcast ( s cmcsa ) for blocking P2P files .
At the heart of the court ’s decision and the entire reclassification debate , is that the FCC has more regulatory discretion on transport services , such as two - way telephone calls , than it does over information services .
In a series of rulings dating back to 2002 the FCC had declared broadband service from the cable companies , DSL providers , wireless providers and even anyone offering broadband over power lines to be an information service mostly because in addition to the two - way transfer of packets , those providers also offered email , storage and other “ information services . ”
This “ third way ” will likely involve the agency reclassifying high - speed Internet service as transport , but the FCC will also exempt itself from applying certain regulations that are applied to the voice telephone network .
Susan Crawford , a professor at the University of Michigan Law School who co-lead the FCC Agency Review team for the Obama - Biden transition , writes on her blog :
The FCC is carefully moving towards a “ third way ” approach to regulation of high - speed Internet access .
Complete deregulation of this essential input no longer makes sense ; heavy - handed regulation does n’t either ; the FCC plans to forbear from rate regulation but ensure that the transmission portion — but not Internet applications and content — is subject to basic rules of the road .
They still have a lot of work to do to develop the factual record that will support regulatory reclassification of transmission services , but courts will likely defer to their classification if they do their job right .
I have every expectation that they will .
So while the FCC ’s willingness to step up and reclassify broadband is good news for those hoping that net neutrality rules will be passed , the process itself will take months , and will likely involve more than one proceeding as the FCC tries to make clear which regulations associated with transport services it wo n’t try to impose .
I laid it all out in this GigaOM Pro story for those who need more detail .
For those content to relax and hope the Commission can pull this off , settle in to watch the drama as well as the inevitable court fights that this reclassification effort will yield .
Django 1.2 release schedule - Update 3
Another good week of progress towards the 1.2 release milestone .
We are now down to 54 open tickets , of which 28 are documentation or translation updates that can be addressed after the release candidate lands .
This leaves 26 substantive tickets before we have a release candidate .
Although we 've been reducing the ticket count by 20 - 30 tickets per week , some of the progress this week was due to a purge of tickets that were not critical to the 1.2 release .
This means we have really had a slight slowdown in progress over the last week .
This is n't entirely surprising ; as we get closer to the release candidate , the complexity of the tickets that remain tends to increase , as the difficult tickets usually get left until last .
When this slowdown is combined with the fact that this weekend covers the Easter break , it 's unlikely we 're going to squash all 25 RC - blocking bugs by April 5 .
Therefore , we 're going to push back the RC date by another 2 weeks .
This means we are now targeting a release candidate around April 19 , with a final release around April 26 .
As always -- any and all assistance is most welcome ; the more assistance we get , the faster 1.2 will land .
WASHINGTON , D.C. — At the inaugural summit of ARPA–E , or the Advanced Research Projects Agency–Energy , no less an august personage than Norman Augustine declared that we were possibly witnessing an inflection point — a turn from old thinking to new .
As an aerospace business pioneer , Augustine certainly knows when trajectories change and escape velocities are attained .
Indeed , a host of speakers regarded ARPA–E 's effort as an Apollo project , a Manhattan project , and Mike Splinter , CEO of Applied Materials , even called for ARPA–E to be part of a potential Marshall Plan for energy — a road map to a future of clean power , complete with the Hoover Dam of solar , or the like .
But the actual premise of the U.S. Department of Energy 's ARPA–E is somewhat simpler — emulate its older sibling , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , which has brought to the world a host of technologies , including stealth fighters and the Internet since its founding in 1958 during the Cold War in the wake of the Soviet Union 's Sputnik .
ARPA–E plans to fund multidisciplinary technical ideas that reduce greenhouse gas emissions , improve national security and create jobs .
Just 37 technologies qualified for government funds , with each getting an average $ 4 million .
They were selected from 3,700 applications and from among the 75 percent that were n't disqualified for violating the first or second law of thermodynamics , according to Arun Majumdar , ARPA - E's first director .
Yet , the bulk of them are old ideas dusted off after years of storage .
For instance , the Lexington , Mass . –based 1366 Technologies received funds to develop its " monocrystalline equivalent " wafers that are formed directly from melted silicon rather than sawed from a block , which wastes as much as half of the semiconducting material .
Massachusetts Institute of Technology scientists David Bradwell and Donald Sadoway were funded to build a " pizza box " –size version of their liquid - metal battery — based loosely on the electricity - intensive process of making aluminum — that could enable the cheap storage of megawatts of electricity from intermittent resources such as the sun and wind .
And United Technologies got money to develop a chemical analogue of the enzyme that takes CO2 out of biological tissue and dumps it in the lungs to be expelled , except that the chemical would extract CO2 from power plant flue gas .
" We need to develop technologies to do fossil fuels cleanly , " says Secretary of Energy Steven Chu , perhaps explaining why ARPA - E bankrolled five carbon - capture projects in this initial round .
" The number of good ideas has been amazing , and we do n't even have all the intellectual horsepower of the U.S. into clean energy , " Majumdar says .
But " we need multiple lunar landings , not just one . "
Political realities , however , might short - circuit those " lunar landings , " many of which wo n't become manifest for 10 years or more , according to Majumdar .
" We are not short on ideas .
The question is , what happens next ? "
Funding efficiency
Nevertheless , another $ 100 million from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ( better known as the stimulus ) was made available on March 2 , to be awarded via ARPA–E to the best proposals for new grid - scale storage devices , better power converters and more efficient air conditioners , such as the ones being developed by the Palo Alto Research Center ( PARC ) that rely on sound waves rather than mechanical pistons to drive compressors .
The potential for impact is huge .
For example , the cheaper , more powerful ultracapacitors under development by FastCAP Systems , another ARPA–E awardee , are intended to " finally make hybrid vehicles cost - effective , " says Riccardo Signorelli , founder and president of the fledgling company .
And if hybrids become cheap enough " just replacing 1 percent of [ U.S. ] vehicle fleet translates into $ 4 billion in [ consumer ] savings , $ 80 billion in oil we do n't import and 50 million tons of CO2 reduction . "
Enhancing economic might
ARPA–E is not just about the climate either ; economic and national security implications also drive this small government program .
" China missed the first industrial revolution , missed the computer revolution , and the biology revolution — they want to be a leader in the green revolution , " Chu says , referring to the competition that might preclude U.S. domination of the field .
" We want to be a leader .
This is our prosperity . "
Commercially , China certainly has a lead ; it offers cheap , high - quality solar cells and components for wind turbines , among other key products .
And it is already working on at least 21 nuclear power plants .
" America is quickly falling behind in clean energy , trading Middle Eastern oil for cheap Chinese solar , batteries and wind turbines , " says Chris Rivest , co-founder of Berkeley , Calif . –based SunPrint , which is developing technology to print cadmium telluride thin - film photovoltaic cells .
" If not clean energy , what will be our next growth industry ? "
That sentiment is not confined to plucky start - ups .
" This is going to be the growth industry of the coming time period , " said General Electric chief executive Jeff Immelt in his address to the conference .
He noted that 292 gigawatts of electricity will be added in the world over the next decade , adding that " clean energy is the most exciting big market in the world . "
Slow and steady wins ?
Has ARPA–E been too conservative in these early stages , funding ideas that have been around for awhile ?
Besides the stimulus monies , the Obama administration committed just $ 400 million to ARPA -e specifically — and asked for just $ 300 million in next year 's budget — for an agency intended to remake the multitrillion dollar U.S. energy landscape .
China is spending $ 12 million an hour on clean energy , according to John Podesta , president of the Center for American Progress , a politically liberal think tank .
And the U.S. lacks what many here regard as the key to driving a transition to clean , abundant energy : a price on carbon .
" Let 's not take this growth industry [ in clean energy ] and give it to every other country in the world but the U.S. , " Immelt said .
But in the end , ARPA–E 's conservative approach may prove to have been both politically and scientifically smart .
In considering Galileo 's breakthrough , " he did n't invent the telescope , he improved the telescope , " said Chu in his address to the conference .
" If you find a new rock or a new way of looking at the rock , chances are you can make a good discovery and you do n't even have to be that smart . "
Coffee , tea , soda , Red Bull , those little something - extra mints ... whatever your caffeine - delivery system of choice , maybe you should stick with it -- especially if you work nights or odd shifts .
In a review of 13 previously published studies on caffeine 's effect on shift workers ' performance , researchers found that , compared with a placebo or even naps , the stimulant appeared to be more effective at reducing errors .
It also boosted performance on memory , attention , perception and reasoning tests .
Not bad for something available from a vending machine .
Here 's the short version of the caffeine study , published Wednesday in the Cochrane Library .
And here 's how caffeine affects the brain , courtesy eHow , and a look at caffeine chemistry , courtesy About.com .
But good luck choosing a drink or food based on the caffeine content listed on the label .
It does n't have to be there .
Consumers can do their own research on caffeine content over at Energy Fiend .
They can even calculate how much of their favorite product they could consume before it would likely prove fatal .
( In the case of Cherry Coke , at least , this is a considerable amount . )
-- Tami Dennis
Photo credit : Los Angeles Times
NdT
NdT
Voyage au pays des batteries rechargeables , par Jeff Atwood
Le calcul des coûts pour une batterie rechargeable hybride au nickel est basé sur 100 recharges .
Hawk affirme que les industriels savent pertinemment que les batteries rechargeables hybrides au nickel peuvent facilement tenir les 500 recharges .
J'ai pu voir des données mentionnant la possibilité de 1000 recharges .
Ceci fait chuter le coût de 10 000 photos à 70 cents !
Je suis convaincu que les industriels ne veulent pas que le public ait connaissance de ces batteries .
Je doute sérieusement que vous les verrez dans les étalages des commerçants rapidement .
Faites le calcul : c'est comme si vous achetiez 1 000 piles électriques alcalines pour moins de 10 dollars .
Imaginez le mal que cela ferait au lucratif marché des piles non rechargeables .
Où sont donc les batteries rechargeables hybrides au nickel de type LR03 ( AAA ) , LR14 ( C ) ou LR20 ( D ) ?
Au Japon pour la majorité .
En janvier 1996 , Toshiba a sorti une gamme complète d'éléments standards et les autres fabricants de batteries ont suivi .
Cet événement a été étouffé sur le marché américain .
Les grandes entreprises américaines de piles électriques ont , pour des raisons évidentes , ignoré cette technologie perturbatrice .
1998 NiMH GP Rechargeable 1.2 v , 1300 mAh 2008 NiMH Energizer Rechargeable 1.2 v , 2500 mAh
Tous les fabricants de batteries rechargeables adorent se vanter de la capacité actuelle de leurs produits ( en mAh ) .
Cependant , ils ont un petit secret qu'ils ne veulent pas vous dévoiler : le taux d'auto - décharge .
Pour résumer : une batterie NiCd ou NiMH complètement chargée perdra progressivement dans le temps son énergie stockée .
Les articles techniques que j'ai pu trouver montrent un taux typique d'auto - décharge à 12 - 20 % par mois pour des batteries NiCd et 20 - 30 % par mois pour des NiMH .
Ce taux d'auto - décharge est acceptable pour des utilisations telles qu'un appareil photo numérique .
Il y a un an , j'ai acheté 8 Energizer NiMH rechargeables à 2500 mAh .
Au début , j'étais très satisfait de la forte capacité de ces batteries .
Mais , au bout de quelques mois , j'ai commencé à remarquer qu'elles se vidaient très rapidement dans mon appareil photo numérique .
En effet , un jeu de batteries NiMH Sony de 2000 mAh achetées l'année passée semblaient durer bien plus longtemps dans le même appareil photo .
NdT
Le chargement de batteries NiMH est le résultat d'un compromis .
Un faible courant n'agresse pas les batteries et maximise sa durée de vie , au détriment du temps de charge complet qui prend plusieurs heures .
Un fort courant rechargera votre batterie plus rapidement , mais lui fera subir plus d'efforts , causant un épuisement prématuré .
Cela demande aussi une plus grande surveillance des caractéristiques électriques de la batterie pour éviter tout dommage .
La plupart des chargeurs sur le marché aujourd ' hui utilisent l'une ou l'autre de ces méthodes .
Les chargeurs rapides , et plus particulièrement les moins chers , sont performants sur un point : ruiner de très bonnes batteries parce qu'ils n'ont pas l'ensemble des circuits pour contrôler la charge actuelle de la batterie et détecter lorsque celle - ci est pleine .
Les chargeurs lents sont généralement meilleurs , principalement parce qu'il est difficile de mal concevoir un tel chargeur .
Malheureusement ... ils restent lents .
NdT
Chargement à différents taux : 200/500/700/1000 mA ;
Déchargement à la moitié du taux de charge ;
Test pour déterminer la véritable capacité de la batterie ;
Rafraîchissement pour « redynamiser » de vieilles batteries .
Aller plus loin
Utiliser des batteries rechargeables n'est pas forcément une affaire simple .
Il y a différentes technologies , différents types de chargeurs , etc .
Je n'ai jamais été convaincu par les batteries rechargeables et je continuais d'utiliser régulièrement des piles alcalines classiques jusqu 'au jour où je suis tombé sur un article du blog de Jeff Atwood abordant les problématiques de capacité , d'auto - décharge et de chargeur .
J'ai trouvé intéressant d'en fournir une version française pour LinuxFr ( : traduction réalisée avec l'accord de l'auteur ) , population qui ne doit pas être dépourvue de gadgets grands consommateurs de piles .
Personnellement , j'ai acheté le chargeur LaCrosse conseillé dans l'article , malgré les petits défauts que certains utilisateurs pouvaient remonter sur les différents forums et que finalement , je n'ai pas rencontré depuis deux ans d'utilisation régulière .
Il y a d'autres références dans la même marque ou ailleurs si ce modèle ne vous convient pas .
un coup de votre moteur de recherche préféré devrait vous orienter pour les trouver .
Concernant les accumulateurs en eux-mêmes , ceux fournis avec le chargeur ne sont pas forcément les meilleurs .
Après quelques tests , je me suis rabattu sur les Uniross Hybrid qui ont une bonne capacité et un taux d'auto - décharge très bon .
Depuis , à de rares exceptions , j'ai banni les piles alcalines LR03 et LR06 de chez moi .
En espérant que cela incite ceux qui n'ont pas encore franchi le pas à faire de même .
Place à la traduction dans la seconde partie de cette dépêche . :
Pour la traduction de « rechargeables batteries » , j'aurais pu utiliser « accumulateur électrique » , certainement le terme le plus correct mais pas forcément le plus courant , ou encore « pile rechargeable » qui est un abus de langage .
J'ai donc fait le choix ( forcément discutable ) de le traduire par « batteries rechargeables » ( quoique potentiellement redondant ) ou tout simplement « batteries » , terme relativement répandu et a priori correct .
Tout geek qui se respecte adore les gadgets .
Je ne suis pas une exception .
Et la plupart de mes gadgets préférés ont un appétit d'ogre pour les piles électriques .
Je n'ai aucune idée de pourquoi tous les autres types de piles électriques ne sont pas utilisées , mais entre les formats LR03 ( AAA ) et LR06 ( AA ) , je pourrais certainement alimenter 95 % de mes gadgets personnels .
Je suis un utilisateur de batteries rechargeables depuis des années .
L'effort sur le long terme est faible et c'est aussi plus sain pour la planète de ne pas entasser des montagnes de piles électriques à usage unique dans des décharges .
Je me souviens avoir basculé vers les batteries rechargeables de type NiMH ?
qui venaient de sortir à l'époque ?
suite à la lecture d'un article de John Dvorak , faisant du racolage pour leur disponibilité et leur puissance .
Miraculeusement , cet article est encore en ligne
Sur le champ , je me suis précipité pour acheter un paquet de ces batteries et le chargeur à l'importateur que M. Dvorak recommandait .
En définitive , j'ai toujours quelques uns de ces modèles originaux .
Comparons ces batteries vieilles de dix ans avec leurs cousines de 2008 : L'image n'est pas forcément facile à lire , j'ai donc reproduit ci-dessous les détails techniques de chacune des batteries : La capacité d'une batterie LR06 ( AA ) a -t - elle réellement quasiment doublé en 10 ans ?
C'est tout bonnement impressionnant !
Mais ce n'est pas tout .
Il faut aussi considérer la problématique de l'auto - décharge ( ou taux de décharge ) .
Il s'avère que l'importante capacité de 2500 mAh de la batterie rechargeable Energizer ne veut pas dire grand - chose si la batterie se décharge toute seule en un mois .
Prenons l'exemple de M. Lee Donc , afficher un nombre plus élevé sur l'emballage est en définitive une méthode marketing pour tromper le client .
Où ai - je déjà vu ceci ?
Ah oui , partout .
Caveat emptor : locution latine pour « que l'acheteur soit vigilant » ) .
M. Lee recommande les modèles suivants de batteries , qui présentent de bien meilleurs taux de décharge ; depuis , j'en ai acheté quelques paquets , à la fois des Eneloop et des Hybrid : Généralement , il vaut mieux prendre les déclinaisons « hybrides » ou « préchargées » et ignorer les affirmations ridicules sur la capacité .
L'autre écueil des batteries rechargeables tient dans le processus de rechargement lui-même .
Même si vous achetez les meilleures batteries , vous obtiendrez de piètres résultats si vous les chargez incorrectement .
La plupart des chargeurs de batterie sont de la camelote .
Au vu des compromis à faire pour le chargement , il faut quelque chose de malin .
C'est pourquoi j'ai fini par éjecter mes chargeurs rapides quelconques pour le majestueux , splendide et étonnamment abordable chargeur de batteries La Crosse Technology BC - 900 AlphaPower : la référence pour la France est RS900 ) .
Sérieusement , regardez - le .
C'est un rêve de geek .
Chaque batterie peut être contrôlée individuellement , avec son propre écran LCD mis à jour en temps réel , dans quatre modes différents : Vous pouvez aussi basculer entre quatre types d'affichages différents une fois que vous avez lancé un processus : le temps écoulé , la tension , le taux de charge / décharge en mAh et la capacité actuelle en mAh .
Le mode de rafraîchissement est incroyablement lent - en gros , il décharge et recharge continuellement - mais il fonctionne réellement .
Il peut ressusciter de faibles batteries sur le point de rendre l'âme .
Mais vous n'avez pas besoin de vous soucier de ces points ; vous n'avez qu'à déposer quatre batteries LR03 ou LR06 dans ce chargeur , il vous les chargera correctement .
Après l'avoir acheté , j'ai passé des heures à y brancher des batteries diverses et variées , dans différents modes , et à le regarder faire son boulot .
Je ne suis pas certain de la définition exacte d'un geek , mais je pense que « apprécier regarder des batteries se charger » doit en faire partie .
Je ne peux que vous recommander fortement le BC - 900 .
Ai-je mentionné qu'il est vendu avec un jeu de quatre batteries rechargeables LR03 et quatre LR06 , des adaptateurs pour LR14 et LR 20 et aussi un chouette sac de transport ?
Mais ne prenez pas ma prose pour argent comptant .
Allez lire les commentaires sur Amazon ; ils sont très .
Le monde du gadget peut fonctionner à l'aide de piles LR03 et LR06 , mais armé avec des connaissances basiques de la technologie NiMH et un bon chargeur , vous serez plus que préparé à l'affronter .
Messieurs , faites chauffer vos chargeurs !
Dear theoildrum.com readers .
Many of you may have wondered about my absence here over the last 6 months or so .
Suffice it to say that I 've had a sea change of understanding about both our situation and on the opportunities it presents .
As such , I ’ve made some career change decisions , which Kyle and Gail are allowing me to share with you here ( based on my prior efforts at TOD ) .
Starting May 1 , I have accepted an offer from Goldman Sachs to become a Managing Partner in a new energy and resource hedge fund where I 'll be one of three people responsible for security selection and risk management .
Details , and the story of how I came to ' see the light ' on resource depletion opportunities are below the fold .
Basically I feel like a kid in a candy store .
OK - here it is in a nutshell - though I used to think the main problem with economic theory was that it ignored biology on the demand side and ecology on the supply side , I now see the reality is that neither biology nor ecology has incorporated enough economic theory .
Basically , my efforts at falsification of positive economics even down to the day to day micro level have come up wanting .
There are more people , more wealth , more stuff and more novelty in the human sphere of influence then ever before .
After all humans are separate from and above all others in the animal kingdom and as such adhere to different rules .
The physics of money works - Malthus and Odum RIP .
My friend George Gilder said it best :
' The United States must overcome the illusion that resources and capital are essentially things which can run out , rather than products of the human will and imagination which in freedom are inexhaustible . '
-- George Gilder
And here are some quotes from a few other books
Ive had the opportunity to read after spending less time on TOD that have had an influence on me :
' The world can , in effect , get along without natural resources -- Robert Solow - Nobel Prize winner in Economics - ' The Economics of Resources or the Resources of Economics . ' Journal of Economic Literature 6 11 . 1974 .
and this book , which everyone at my school used to criticize , but I never had a chance to actually read the air - tight logic throughout the book until last Thanksgiving :
' On average , human beings create more than they use in their lifetimes .
It has to be so or we would be an extinct species .
This process is , as the physicists say , an invariancy .
It applies to all metals , all fuels , all food , all measures of human welfare .
It applies in all countries .
It applies in all times . '
Julian Simon and Norman Myers from " Scarcity or Abundance " ?
New York Norton .
1994 . pp.133-134 .
First , let me say that I 've learned an amazing amount talking with energy and ecologically minded folk on this site - they ( you ) are truly a great bunch of people , though in the end , I think a bit misguided about resource depletion prospects .
My key ' aha ' moment was when I was in a conversation last year with new TOD contributor Art Berman discussing the amount of affordable unconventional natural gas in the US .
He has ( mostly convincingly ) debunked the standard view that there are 100 years of natural gas remaining by hypothesizing that it will be extremely costly to produce .
His , ( and others ) logic is then , that we wo n't be able to procure this resource because consumers wo n't be able to afford the $ 10 , $ 15 , $ 20 etc per mcf needed to pay the energy companies .
But guess what - technology is getting better .
But much more importantly , even were tech improvements to stagnate , we can print the money to pay for it .
Some other sea changes in my thinking are :
1 . The ' decreasing returns to complexity theory ' just falls down .
a ) we are n't Romans or beavers and b ) complexity is needed to grow .
Ergo growth feeds complexity and vice versa in a virtuous cycle .
2 . I used to think reserves were more relevant than resources in oil and gas until I realized that the resource has to be found first !.
There is a sequence of events here .
Duh .
3 . Those that think we are headed for eventual currency reform due to debt overshoot are missing three fundamental truisms : a ) more debt satisfies our evolved need for hierarchy , b ) of the houses with mortgages in US , in aggregate they are almost at 100 % loan to value right now , meaning people NEED more debt .
And the zinger : c ) new credit / dollars require very few natural resources - some paper ( forestry product ) , ink and machinery , most of which is already built !
4 . Those attached to abstractions of the ' trillions of yet unborn humans and other species ' ( I 'm thinking of that moonbat commenter Greenish ) , and hypothetical damage to the earth via human activity are not grounded in the reality of mortgage and car payments , and vacations .
5 . I used to think markets represented liquidity only and not predictors of future earnings stream but I now realize that liquidity creates its own wealth and earnings stream .
And we have nearly unlimited liquidity !
( I 'm embarrassed that I missed this , but sometimes we get tunnel vision )
Even though I now fundamentally believe that resources , at least on the scale of my lifetime are unlimited , that does n't mean that I 've not picked up some valuable things from the contributors here over the years , like cool stuff about phosphorous , algae and cows , and by living modestly during this time , I have reset my brain for a multiplicity of dopamine surges as I ratchet back into conspicuous consumption .
Basically I 've spent 5 years learning really interesting stuff , attempting to share knowledge with other civically minded citizens of the world , and with what was in retrospect naive optimism tried to push our cultural metric away from Veblen goods and conspicuous consumption towards something more in balance with future solar flows .
What a load of crap .
All on a graduate stipend of $ 21,000 a year .
Sure I 've had more free time than ever before in my life , met all kinds of interesting people , learned how to grow and store food , and experienced nature at a level never available to those who work 50 hours a week , 50 weeks a year .
But screw all that - given the opportunity cost of money think of everything I 've missed .
Graphic showing world electricity availability vs GDP , and my minimum acceptable threshold
I 've decided that while there are plenty of resources , the distribution of those resources is likely to be increasingly uneven ( ( which is an opportunity if I ever saw one ) .
I also like hot food , hot tubs and large wattage stereo systems , amongst other gadgetry , particularly if I know other people do n't have as much of this stuff .
Really , let 's be honest , relative wealth is the very best kind since it 's the most satisfying .
Ive figured out my minimum threshold of personal household kilowatt requirement and a graduate student salary just is n't going to cut it .
Irrespective of future electricity per capita , I 've basically chosen the 93.5 percentile of electricity usage as ' nates minimum ' , which is part of the reason I 've succumbed to Goldmans advances .
And since I 'm now aware of the hedonic ratchet , I have a plan for negotiating this level higher ( in my contract ) by bumping that percentile a bit each year .
Another reason is I want to leave a large nest egg to my progeny .
( not for them , actually , but for the way it makes me feel now as I brag about it ) .
Though I currently do n't have any children , my new ' aha ' that we can print our way out of the limits to growth corner has kickstarted what I refer to as my ' No condoms - No standards ' policy .
So I 'm guessing I will have over a dozen kids due in about 7 - 8 months .
Mom get ready .
Moreover , in an homage to the future of globalism I'm " outsourcing " my reproduction to the third world by awarding $ 500 grants for each genetically verified child conceived with the sperm I 've sent to various third - world refrigeration facilities .
In that way I intend to finally embrace the the agenda of my genes .
Back to the details of Cornucopia LLC .
Here is what I can tell you right now :
Our investment thesis revolves around three core tenets :
1 ) the obvious fact that the environment falls outside of our market system , and therefore excess wealth derived from processing and packaging it , at least for those who have the balls to take it , is basically free .
1 b ) And God wants us to .
( see Genesis 9 , verses 1 - 2 ) 2 )
That growth and subsequent profits depends only in very small part on energy , but are primarily based on information , skill and human ambition .
That human cleverness is the ultimate resource , requiring nothing but vacuum and time to create ( almost ) all conceivable value ; and that matter and energy will always fall into line if we think about them cleverly enough .
Since energy is a human concept , how can it be more fundamental than we are ?
This finally became clear to me .
3 ) The generation of financial capital ( money ) ushers in abundant social , human , natural and social capital as byproducts , but only to the ones near the source .
Entropy does exist , just not in energy as I thought .
As money is printed , you have to be close to its genesis to reap outsized rewards as the benefits it confers get watered down by the time it trickles into the economy at large .
As such my main trading strategy will be as follows :
A ) Sell short energy stocks , especially the low cost producers .
B ) Buy companies that use a lot of energy to both produce and transport their products ( preferably consumer discretionary - the maximum power principle shows that they will have the advantage , of course )
C ) Loan out our vault gold and silver and use the proceeds to buy Japanese Yen and Pound Sterling at 1 % haircut .
D ) Whenever possible , increase our gearing ratio .
Though this is n't really public yet , my ( new ) colleagues were fortunate to hook me up with not only with great lawyers but great administrative / marketing people as well .
We are going to securitize the future profits of Cornucopia LLC .
Basically it will work like this .
Given the background and expertise of everyone involved , on a ProForma basis we expect to make around 50 % net in profits per year on an initial seed of $ 100 million .
If we discount that income / trading stream back to the present , the net present value of our fund is about $ 500 million - we are offering people shares of this $ 500 million entity at a 20 % discount !
( total of $ 400 million ) .
If you do the math , we those of on the inside are going to do very well .
Hey , life is about reallocating resources away from others and the future towards oneself in the present - if you can't beat em join em !
As a bone to you resource junkies , I am no water expert , but those of you crying wolf over looming water shortages might want to look at this image :
Here 's one little tidbit from our research team I can share with you .
I 've discovered that ( over ) 70 % of our planets surface is water ( H2O ) .
Apparently it is n't called the Blue Planet for no reason .
I think those fretting over shale gas fraccing fluids water issues and large irrigation requirements for biofuels and solar thermal really should do more homework .
( We 're currently looking for a way to short water ( using leverage ) for the fund as well ) .
In conclusion , someone once said ‘ All the good things in life are free ’ .
I think this is only partially true .
A better statement would be ‘ the good things in life are free , but the great things cost money ’ .
And , given my understanding of neural habituation to unexpected reward , one can't easily stop at ‘ great ’ , and ‘ greater ’ - moving higher on this ladder will certainly require more funds .
As for the rest of you who remain unconvinced , best of luck growing those tomatoes in humanure and roping goats in the suburbs .
I 'll think about you often .
That 's what relative wealth is all about .
It 's good to be back ...
Nate Hagens
Managing Partner
Cornucopia LL
While we recently published news of the 12th Foxconn employee to attempt a suicide , and then immediately updated the story with new of a 13th jumper , those reports are already dated .
Advertisement
According to a string of Tweets , reports , pulled ( allegedly censored ) reports and rough translations , now 15 Foxconn employees have jumped in attempted suicide — two of whom seem to have been part of a successful double suicide earlier today .
To make matters worse , a potential 16th was spotted on the roof in the picture seen here .
We have n't heard any update regarding that potential jumper at this time .
[ ChinaSmack via Shanghaist via tips ]
Curtiz began acting in and then directing films in his native Hungary in 1912 .
After WWI , he continued his filmmaking career in Austria and Germany and into the early 1920s when he directed films in other countries in Europe .
Moving to the US in 1926 , he started making films in Hollywood for Warner Bros . and became thoroughly entrenched in the ...
AquaPro
According to the World Health Organization , 1.2 billion people – or almost 1 out of 5 people in the world – are without access to safe drinking water .
And even in areas with access , 70 percent of water withdrawn from fresh groundwater sources is used for agriculture .
But using groundwater to grow crops and trees does n’t make sense to Pieter Hoff , a Dutch inventor .
Not only are traditional irrigation techniques inefficient because most of the water is lost to evaporation , Mr. Hoff says , but water can be easily captured from the atmosphere to grow just about anything .
To prove his point , Mr. Hoff retired from the lily and tulip export business in 2003 , established his company , AquaPro , and devoted himself to the development of the Groasis Waterboxx , which he says will grow food crops and trees even in the driest places on earth .
The Waterboxx is a round device made from polypropylene and about the size of car tire — 20 inches in diameter and 10 inches high .
An opening at the center of the box provides a space for a plant or tree to germinate and grow .
The box is designed to capture both rainwater and condensation , which collects in the chamber underneath the cover , and prevents the water from evaporating .
Mr. Hoff describes it as a “ water battery . ”
A wick inside taps into the ground beneath the box and drips a small amount of water to the plant ’s root system each day .
Once the plant or tree has taken root on its own , reaching a water source sometimes several meters below , the box can be removed and used again to start another plant or tree .
Mr. Hoff has recently concluded a three - year test of the Groasis Waterboxx in the Sahara desert in Morocco , an area that gets only a few inches of rainfall each year .
Almost 90 percent of the trees planted using the Groasis Waterboxx survived after it was removed .
A test group of trees planted without the box , but watered once a week , produced the opposite result : only 10 percent survived .
This year , Mr. Hoff said he will be conducting more trials across eight countries and some 25 sites , including California wine country and Joshua Tree National Park .
Using a grant from the Dutch government , he has also developed a biopolymer version of the box that will decompose over time , releasing nutrients into the soil as it biodegrades .
His long - term business model is to provide a nonexclusive , free license to anyone who wants to manufacture and distribute the Groasis Waterbox , while he plans to ask only for a small royalty per box .
A Dutch company has already signed on .
“ My ideal is that the device is available to everybody , everywhere , ” said Mr. Hoff , “ and my focus is to create a business model that enables the world ’s poor to buy the box . ”
He is talking to a Dutch bank about setting up a micro-finance scheme to enable farmers in developing countries to buy the Waterboxx .
But beyond helping to solve the water crisis , Mr. Hoff said he believed his invention could promote reforestation on a large scale to address other global problems like hunger , erosion and climate change caused by global warming .
“ If we were able to plant two billion hectares with trees we could solve many of the world ’s problems , ” he said .
“ We have cut down about two billion hectares of trees in the last 2000 years .
So if it ’s small enough to cut it , it ’s small enough to replant it again if we want . ”
Reasonable people may disagree as to whether it 's appropriate for middle - school - age children to have a Facebook page or belong to any other online social network .
Anthony Orsini , principal at the Benjamin Franklin Middle School in Ridgewood , N.J. , does not seem to be a reasonable person , at least not based upon my reading of an e-mail he sent to parents that all but accuses them of child abuse should they allow their youngsters to use such networks .
From a local CBS television station 's Web site :
" It is time for every single member of the BF Community to take a stand !
There is absolutely no reason for any middle school student to be a part of a social networking site ! ...
Let me repeat that - there is absolutely , positively no reason for any middle school student to be a part of a social networking site !
None . "
As a parent , I 'm not sure which I would find more worrisome about that rant : the unhinged tone or the principal - knows - best presumptuousness .
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
And Orsini did not stop at " none , " not by a long - shot .
" Please do the following : sit down with your child ( and they are just children still ) and tell them that they are not allowed to be a member of any social networking site .
Today !
" Let them know that you will at some point every week be checking their text messages online !
You have the ability to do this through your cell phone provider .
" Let them know that you will be installing Parental Control Software so you can tell every place they have visited online , and everything they have instant messaged or written to a friend .
Do n't install it behind their back , but install it ! "
OK , it 's the tone .
And the exclamation points ( honestly , a middle school student should know better ) .
As for the substance of Orsini 's missive :
Of course , parents should be monitoring how their children use the Internet and their cell phones .
But where does a school official get off lecturing parents in such a way ?
( " They are just children still ? " ... Good grief . )
And who is Principal Orsini to decide that there is a universally appropriate age for ascension into the world of social networking ?
My children are only 8 years old , and , as I peer into the future , 6th grade would seem too soon ( even though they grow up so fast ) .
But who 's to say someone like then 11 - year - old Jon Penn would n't have been able to handle social networking -- and had plenty of need for it ?
After all , Penn was old enough to be running his school 's computer network .
I have no doubt that plenty of 8th graders can handle Facebook .
Bottom line : Children are different , parents are different , household situations are different , and all of these variables can factor into the decision as to what age is appropriate for a youngster to accept the responsibilities and risks associated with social networking .
Welcome regulars and passersby .
Here are a few more recent Buzzblog items .
And , if you 'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter , here 's where to sign up .
2010 's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries .
How the ' Net would have saved Coke from New Coke .
I have absolutely nothing to say about the iPad .
Google cracks animal translation riddle ... for Android .
Clever video technique shows there really are two sides to any story .
Doing the Laptop Drive of Shame , Part III
True :
This site is not Snopes.com
A new take on cloud security ... from Hitler .
Facebook pushing ' Suicide Machine ' into an open - source afterlife
Cell - phone gabber in fast - food line gets his just deserts
48 technology " firsts " that made a president 's day .
Thanks to a series of riveting reports by Carol Marbin Miller of the Miami Herald , the circumstances of his death have come to public attention .
His young life was extinguished by a lethal cocktail of drugs–which included two antipsychotic drugs prescribed at mega doses–Eli Lilly ’s Zyprexa and AstraZeneca ’s Seroquel .
These drugs ’ manufacturers were successfully prosecuted by the US Attorney for deceptive , illegal marketing practices that promoted these unsafe drugs for unapproved uses .
The lethal combination of drugs were prescribed for the boy by a state licensed psychiatrist in the Florida public mental health sector , who was entrusted with the care of 800 children in foster care–despite receiving " hundreds of letters " from the state suggesting that he change his prescribing practices .
his ecord of disregarding warnings and prescribing these toxic drugs for children at dangerously high doses .
In April , 2009 , 7 - year - old , Gabriel Myers , hanged himself months after being drugged with a lethal psychotropic drug cocktail –including several antipsychotics and antidepressants .
Gabriel hanged himself .
The Miami Herald reported that when state medical regulators sent Dr. Steven Kaplan letters suggesting the dosages he was prescribing for children were worrisome , he ignored them .
" In his deposition , Kaplan acknowledged he received “ hundreds ” of letters from the state suggesting he revise his prescribing practices .
“ I did n’t think it required any kind of response , ” he said .
" July 17 , 2006 .
Denis Maltez , a 67 - pound wisp confined to a state - licensed group home , suffered the debilitating effects of his startling drug cocktail .
He was ferried over to Miami Children ’s Hospital for emergency services .
Aug. 4 , 2006 .
This time , the severely autistic boy was taken to Baptist Hospital , vomiting , dehydrated , bleeding from his gums .
Baptist doctors cite his regime of powerful prescription drugs .
Oct. 26 , 2006 .
A teacher reports sleeping , shaking , trembling .
Suspects overmedication .
Jan. 9 , 2007 .
According to the Florida Agency for Persons with Disabilities , the agency received an abuse hot - line report warning that Denis was neglected and overmedicated .
“ Overmedicated ” became an understatement of fatal dimensions .
The child ’s medical records indicate he had been addled with maximum adult dosages of Zyprexa and Seroquel .
“ Adult dosages ” should have been an irrelevant term .
Neither antipsychotic was approved for children .
Add a tranquilizer and a mood stabilizer to the concoction , and it ’s little wonder that young Denis descended into such a dangerous zombie state during his stay at Miami ’s Rainbow Ranch Group
Home that he twice had to go to an ER .
None of the warnings mattered .
Some caregivers may have been worried , but the psychotropics kept coming .
On May 23 , 2007 , the kid quit breathing .
He was 12 . "
State regulators only decided to oust Dr. Kaplan from the state Medicaid insurance program this week , the day after their inaction was publicized in a story by The Miami Herald .
Reead more
* Red flags overlooked in 12 - year - old ’s prescription drug death
* Amendment to bill targeting foster kids ’ medication draws fire
* FDA warns psychiatrist who treated dead foster child
* Regulations sought for foster kids prescribed psychiatric drugs
* Autopsy proves foster child hanged himself ; why is a mystery
* DCF report assails Fort Lauderdale drug treatment program
* Foster care task force created after 7 - year - old Margate boy killed himself wants changes
* Child - welfare panel : Drugs misused on foster kids
* State let dangerous doctor continue
* Controversial Miami psychiatrist
* Miami psychiatrist dropped from Medicaid program
Vera Hassner Sharav
Denis Maltez , 12 , is pictured the day before he died .
The Miami -Dade Medical Examiner ’s Office attributed the death to a life - threatening side effect of over - medication .
In his deposition , Maltez ’s psychiatrist Dr. Steven Kaplan said he is not responsible for Denis ’ death .
" I do n’t believe he died of anything that I did , ” he said .
Denis Maltez , 12 , is pictured the day before he died .
The Miami -Dade Medical Examiner ’s Office attributed the death to a life - threatening side effect of over - medication .
In his deposition , Maltez ’s psychiatrist Dr. Steven Kaplan said he is not responsible for Denis ’ death .
" I do n’t believe he died of anything that I did , ” he said .
Born with autism , 12 - year - old Denis Maltez was “ hyper , needy , pesty , ” his psychiatrist wrote following a May 2007 visit .
Dr. Steven L. Kaplan solved the 70 - pound boy ’s problems with a prescription pad , writing orders for two different anti-psychotic drugs along with a tranquilizer and a mood stabilizer — two of them in the highest doses recommended for adults , records show .
When state medical regulators sent Kaplan letters suggesting the dosages were worrisome , he ignored them .
Two weeks after Kaplan last saw the boy , on May 23 , 2007 , Denis simply stopped breathing .
The Miami - Dade medical examiner ’s office attributed the death to a life - threatening side effect of over - medication , records show .
“ I . . . never had any suspicion he was being overmedicated , ” Kaplan testified in a November 2009 sworn statement .
A review of records from three state agencies , however , makes clear that plenty of other people did .
Though a number of Florida agency heads have wrung their hands about Kaplan ’s methods for more than three years , he has never been disciplined .
The state Medicaid program , which insures the needy , asked the state Board of Medicine to investigate Kaplan in 2008 , but the complaint was dismissed , records show .
Disability administrators encouraged underlings to send him new patients just as the agency ’s chief described his practices as “ very disturbing . ”
QUESTIONS
Florida ’s regulatory history with Kaplan — which includes four state agencies and thousands of pages of records — raises important questions .
Among them :
Does the state have an adequate regulatory scheme for doctors who work with the most vulnerable ?
Can the state effectively oversee doctors who reject advice from their peers ?
“ Three agencies all raised concerns and red flags , and each agency was saying this is somebody else ’s job to take it a step further , ” said Department of Children & Families Secretary George Sheldon .
“ I ’m not sure what the solution is . ”
Sheldon blamed much of the problem on historically poor billing rates for doctors who are paid by Medicaid , the state and federal insurance program for the poor and disabled .
“ I think it ’s difficult to recruit in the Medicaid arena any child psychiatrist , ” Sheldon said .
“ The rates really do have an impact on who is willing to do it . ”
Kaplan , who mainly practices in Miami - Dade , declined to speak with a Miami Herald reporter .
With as many as 800 patients in South Florida — all but one percent of them disabled or impoverished children insured by either Medicaid or Medicare — Kaplan is listed by the Agency for Healthcare Administration as number five on their list of doctors whose mental health prescriptions were red- flagged by an oversight group .
Denis was 8 when his volatility and violent outbursts prompted his mother , Martha Quesada , to move him into a sparkling new Miami group home called Rainbow Ranch .
Administrators for the Agency for Persons with Disabilities had recommended the home , run by a man who had once pleaded guilty to practicing medicine without a license .
In May 2006 , the owner of Rainbow Ranch discontinued Denis ’ treatment by a team at Jackson Memorial Hospital and instead hired Kaplan , who already was treating the group home ’s other residents , Kaplan said in a deposition taken Nov. 2 by Quesada ’s attorney , Howard Talenfeld .
In testimony that is part of an ongoing lawsuit by Denis ’ mother , Kaplan acknowledged that he never once spoke to Quesada before prescribing powerful mind - altering drugs , and never sought nor obtained her consent for treatment .
“ I was told that the boy ’s mother had abandoned him , ” Kaplan testified .
In fact , Quesada had never been stripped of her parental rights by the state , and had remained actively involved in Denis ’ care .
Denis was prescribed 20 milligrams of Zyprexa , 800 milligrams of Seroquel — the highest adult dose for both anti-psychotics , a reviewer said — one - half milligram of Klonopin , a tranquilizer and 2000 milligrams of Depakote , a mood stabilizer — also a high dose for Denis ’ 70 - pound frame .
Neither of the anti-psychotic drugs has been approved for use with children .
In his deposition , Kaplan testified he was aware that the two anti-psychotic drugs both carried an “ increased risk of sudden cardiac death . ”
By early July , 2006 , group home workers had told Kaplan the boy was “ lethargic and unresponsive in the morning , ” Kaplan said in his deposition .
On July 17 that year , teachers at Denis ’ school noted that he was sleeping through class , and he was taken to Miami Children ’s Hospital for emergency medical treatment .
That same month , on July 24 , Kaplan received a letter from the Medicaid Drug Therapy Management Program for Behavioral Health , a program of the Agency for Health Care Administration run by the University of South Florida , questioning his medication of Denis .
On four “ key ” indicators , the letter said , Kaplan ’s prescribing of drugs to Denis fell outside generally accepted practices .
And AHCA was not the only state agency with concerns .
DCF received its first report involving Denis on Oct. 26 , 2006 .
The report made some findings of medical neglect based on a teacher ’s complaints that Denis was “ sleeping in class , shaking and trembling . ”
And on Jan. 9 , 2007 , DCF received another report that , among other things , Denis had “ a history of being overmedicated — based on an August 2006 visit to Baptist Hospital with symptoms of overmedication .
“ Denis was sleepy because he was over - medicated , ” a DCF investigator was told .
In all , DCF conducted six investigations of Denis ’ well - being , some of them including allegations that Denis was being over - drugged , an Agency for Persons with Disabilities report says .
Sheldon said his agency had received a total of eight calls to the state hot line about Kaplan .
WARNINGS
The disabilities agency also had been warned that Kaplan ’s patients appeared to be drugged .
An April 2007 memo from an APD administrator said a number of caregivers in Miami had expressed concerns that Kaplan ’s patients at Rainbow Ranch appeared to be overmedicated .
A former group home manager said she found “ clients always asleep and barely walking . ”
The mother of one boy said he went home for Thanksgiving all doped up .
Denis last saw his psychiatrist on May 10 , 2007 .
In progress notes from the visit , Kaplan wrote the boy was sleepy during the day , and school officials felt he was drugged .
He added : “ Hyper , needy , pesty . ”
Denis died two weeks later , on May 23 , 2007 .
He was 12 .
In his deposition , Kaplan said he is not responsible for Denis ’ death .
“ I do n’t believe he died of anything that I did , ” he said .
After Denis ’ death , APD hired a psychiatrist , Jorge J. Villalba , to study the group home ’s practices .
He reported “ overmedication with sedation of clients , ” noting that 99 percent of the group home residents were on an anti-psychotic drug .
Villalba wrote that Denis had been on three different mental health drugs , two of them in the maximum dose , and that “ in combination , all three of these agents have additive effects as a central nervous system depressant . ”
The drugs , he added , “ may have been contributing factors in the client ’s death . ”
The following December , the Miami - Dade medical examiner ’s office concluded Denis did die of overmedication , from a disorder called Serotonin Syndrome .
A week after the medical examiner ’s report was released , on Dec. 28 , 2007 , the then - head of the disabilities agency , Jane E. Johnson , called the case “ very disturbing — especially if that psychiatrist is still providing services through [ the ] Medicaid state plan . ”
During the next two years , administrators at both the healthcare and disabilities agencies continued to monitor Kaplan ’s activities , writing dozens of e-mails and reports :
• A nurse on staff at APD noted on Feb. 5 , 2008 , that one boy under Kaplan ’s care “ was taking 10 medications in total , ” including two anti-psychotic drugs and two tranquilizers .
“ All of the medication listed cause somnolence , ” the nurse wrote .
• Thirteen days later , on Feb. 28 , 2008 , Kaplan received an “ academic detailing ” visit by a pharmacy expert from the University of South Florida , as part of the university ’s effort to oversee problematic prescribers for the state healthcare agency .
Though Kaplan was reportedly “ very courteous and professional , ” the reviewer noted , “ he did n’t appear familiar with the material or interested in the guidelines . ”
• In mid-March 2008 , several disabilities administrators exchanged e-mails voicing worries about Kaplan .
“ He ’s still practicing and we ’re concerned , ” Chuck Faircloth , APD ’s inspector general , wrote on March 12 .
The next day , Evelyn Alvarez , a top Miami administrator , wrote : “ Our medical case manager as well as I continue to have concerns regarding the abundance of meds that he is prescribing to some of our consumers . ”
• Two months later , another USF monitor visited Kaplan in his office .
Kaplan , he wrote , said that his patients are “ schizophrenic and become violent , aggressive , dangerous ” — making such medication necessary .
“ Provider states that he does not use antipsychotic medication for sedation , ” a report says .
• In June , 2008 , while both agencies were expressing concern about Kaplan ’s use of mental health drugs , at least two APD administrators suggested he be considered for new patients when scores of disabled people were to be moved from a large institution in Fort Myers into group homes .
“ He has lots of clients , so he may well qualify from the point of view of a large and varied practice , ” wrote Alvarez , who only three months earlier had expressed concerns .
• A USF monitor once again visited Kaplan on May 15 , 2009 .
“ He said he did not find the time to deal with non-important things such as paperwork , ” a report says of the visit .
“ He said he had been practicing long enough to know how to treat his patients and was tired of being told what to do . ”
STATE CONCERNS
In his deposition , Kaplan acknowledged he received “ hundreds ” of letters from the state suggesting he revise his prescribing practices .
“ I did n’t think it required any kind of response , ” he said .
He later added : “ I never thought of myself as a red- flagged physician . ”
Talenfeld , Quesada ’s lawyer , urged healthcare and disability administrators in a letter to better protect disabled children , “ who are powerless to protect themselves from being unnecessarily drugged for the convenience of staff .
. . .
Without proper oversight and action by your respective state agencies , these individuals will continue to be in harm ’s way . ”
Administrators at AHCA declined to discuss the agency ’s history with Kaplan at length .
In an e-mail to The Herald , the agency ’s spokeswoman , Tiffany Vause , said it was “ extremely difficult to measure the quality of prescribing practices ” based upon Medicaid claims .
The USF program , she said , enables doctors to explain their practices — which may be entirely appropriate — or to change their habits once they are better informed .
“ Dr. Kaplan is being monitored through this system and has received feedback from the USF clinical staff , Vause said .
“ The agency is closely monitoring this physician ’s claims and the unique patient caseload he treats and will take appropriate action .
This can include termination from the Medicaid program . ”
© 2010 Miami Herald Media Company .
All Rights Reserved .
SUNRISE , Fla . —
It may sound like a fish story , but if so , then Glen Sather sure has come up with a whopper .
The Rangers ’ GM told Slap Shots on Thursday that he “ shook hands ” on a trade last year that would have brought Steven Stamkos from Tampa Bay to New York less than halfway through the brilliant 20 - year - old center ’s rookie season .
We reported last year that the Lightning had dangled Stamkos through the early months of the season , during which the first - overall selection in the 2008 Entry Draft struggled badly , getting two goals ( with five assists ) in his first 21 games .
There were questions in the organization about his readiness for the NHL .
The Rangers started working on the Tampa house - of - cards ownership during the teams ’ trip to Prague , where the clubs opened the 2008 - 09 regular season with a pair of games .
Sather got the ear of co-owner Len Barrie , a former NHL player .
Conversations continued after the clubs returned to North America .
By the time the Blueshirts visited Tampa on Thanksgiving of 2008 , the talks had become serious .
Barrie was asking to choose two or three from a wish list that featured Michael Del Zotto , Evgeny Grachev , Ryan Callahan , Brandon Dubinsky and Dan Girardi .
The deal , according to Sather , was struck .
The Rangers would be getting Stamkos , who has scored 46 goals thus far this season , tied for second in the NHL with Alex Ovechkin and just one behind Sidney Crosby in the race for the Rocket Richard Trophy .
Oh , no , they would n’t .
“ How close did we come ? ” Sather asked rhetorically , repeating the question we posed to him as the Rangers practiced in Tampa on Thursday .
“ We shook hands on it , that ’s how close .
“ I ’d been on it since Europe .
I had an agreement with Len Barrie .
I asked him if he had the authority to make the trade , and he assured me that he did , because he was an owner .
“ But the next day , I found out that he did n’t .
He went to run the deal by [ GM ] Brian Lawton , who wanted no part of it .
As I understood it , the way it was told to me , Barrie was still going to make the deal , but then he was told that he could n’t unless he got the approval of [ co - owner ] Oren Koules .
“ Koules shot it down , ” said Sather .
“ That was the end of it . ”
Koules and Barrie further could not agree on a trade last June that would have sent Vincent Lecavalier and his massive contract to Montreal in exchange for a package featuring goaltender Carey Price .
Dysfunction in that case benefited Sather , for it allowed him to then move Scott Gomez to the Canadiens .
That Lightning ownership is gone .
So is the opportunity to trade for Stamkos .
“ We had him , ” Sather said .
“ Well , I thought we did . ”
There is something foul in Philadelphia far beyond the goaltending fiasco that has become the focal point of the NHL ’s most disappointing team .
We ’re not there on a day - to - day basis , so we ca n’t claim first - hand knowledge , but when two league GMs were asked what they perceived to be the problem , neither hesitated .
“ Pronger , ” each said , referring to Chris Pronger , the defenseman who has a reputation for splitting locker rooms as well as heads .
If GM Paul Holmgren manages to keep his job , it wo n’t be because of the acquisition of Pronger , who next season begins a seven - year , over - 35 contract extension at an annual cap hit of $ 4.9 million that runs through 2016 - 17 .
Well , at least until the next amnesty buyout period .
As Pronger was 34 when he signed the extension , the Flyers were unaware that it would be considered an over - 35 contract .
But as Pronger turned 35 this year , on the final season of his pre-existing contract , the CBA clause kicked in .
If Holmgren gets kicked out , that will be part of the reason .
Daniel Carcillo , a four - time offender , gets a two - game suspension for a crosscheck to David Clarkson ‘s face , and is n’t everyone thrilled to see the NHL cracking down on repeat offenders ?
Speaking of which , Matt Cooke is an unrestricted free agent this summer .
What team is going to want to pick up that load of baggage ?
And , further , assuming that he finds an employer , will his new teammates feel compelled to rush to his defense when the Bruins , as they inevitably will , seek to extract their pound of flesh ?
The play in Vancouver on Tuesday where the Canucks ’ Ryan Kesler was given a major and game misconduct for driving Phoenix ’s Derek Morris into the boards should serve as Exhibit A as to what is not a penalty of any kind , but rather an example of a player attempting to draw a penalty by turning his back on a checker .
Morris , playing the puck near the right half - wall in his own end , took a quick glance to his left , saw Kesler coming , then turned his back on the checker before jumping into the boards after the hit had been delivered in order to draw a penalty .
Talk about a lack of respect for the game .
So I received an e-mail on Friday alerting me that Rick Tocchet is following me on Twitter .
I bet it is n’t really him .
larry.brooks@nypost.com
Newt Gingrich on The TODAY Show :
Do you really want to have 16,000 more IRS agents as a brand new health police ?
As a matter of fact , no we do n't .
And that 's why there is absolutely nothing in the health care bill that would do what Gingrich claims .
His attack is verifiably false .
The health care bill does not give IRS employees any power to enforce the responsibility mandate -- there will be no audits , no IRS agents , not even any penalties .
Nobody will be showing up at anybody 's door .
The only new thing the IRS will do is process tax credits for people who are receiving health insurance subsidies .
And that wo n't require 16,000 new employees .
So what were the first words out of Matt Lauer 's mouth in response to Gingrich 's lie ?
LAUER : Right .
And then ?
LAUER : But we 're moving into midterm elections , and if you look at the recent polls , everybody says it 's jobs and it's the economy .
So are they gonna ' want want to talk about rolling back , turning back the clock on health care reform ?
Or do they want Republicans and Democrats to talk about jobs and the economy ?
Sigh .
I doubt Matt Lauer knowingly let Gingrich get away with a lie .
Instead , he probably simply did n't know that Newt was lying .
I guess that 's to be expected .
Republicans lie about so much stuff that it is virtually impossible to tell if they are telling the truth at any given moment unless you follow the issues fairly closely .
The result ?
It 's easy for GOPers like Gingrich to get away with telling falsehoods .
And so we get countless examples like we saw this morning on The TODAY Show : Republicans lying with impunity .
A financial crisis can make it extremely difficult to work out a viable solution .
Instant Cash loans provide a convenient and temporary answer to give you some breathing space till your next payday when you are sufficiently reimbursed to repay the loan .
Thus the process is gradually gaining momentum due to its speedy and instant disbursal where you do n’t need to wait for more than a day for acquiring cash in hand .
The challenges of your everyday life are not always easy .
It can be an uphill task to make ends meet especially when you are in the mid month term where funds automatically dry up .
Such is the power of instant payday loans where application to a direct payday lender will get you that much needed amount without documentation .
QuickpaydayZ now understand the need for providing a reliable and efficient interface where we help you acquire quick cash online .
Our payday loans process is reliable where we have earned the repute of serving and helping many to get out of the red and live without moments of constant tension .
[…]
Via the Council of Europe Committee of Ministers ( link here ) :
Recommendation CM / Rec( 2010 ) 5 of the Committee of Ministers to member states on measures to combat discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity
( Adopted by the Committee of Ministers on 31 March 2010 at the 1081st meeting of the Ministers ’ Deputies )
The Committee of Ministers [ … ]
Recommends that member states :
examine existing legislative and other measures , keep them under review , and collect and analyse relevant data , in order to monitor and redress any direct or indirect discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity ; ensure that legislative and other measures are adopted and effectively implemented to combat discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation or gender identity , to ensure respect for the human rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender persons and to promote tolerance towards them ; ensure that victims of discrimination are aware of and have access to effective legal remedies before a national authority , and that measures to combat discrimination include , where appropriate , sanctions for infringements and the provision of adequate reparation for victims of discrimination ; be guided in their legislation , policies and practices by the principles and measures contained in the appendix to this recommendation ; ensure by appropriate means and action that this recommendation , including its appendix , is translated and disseminated as widely as possible .
The Recommendations establish how international human rights standards should be applied and contain specific measures for Member States on how they should improve their legislation , policies and practices .
Additionally , the Recommendations require Member States to ensure that national human rights structures are clearly mandated to address discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity .
They also encourage Member States to address multiple discrimination experienced by LGBT people .
That 47 European countries have unanimously agreed to adopt such a comprehensive list of recommendations through common action is without precedent : it ’s the world ’s first intergovernmental agreement of this nature .
The potentially far - reaching implications of this are hard to imagine but do offer a significant hope for the future ; now we need to see some practical action to begin implementing these adopted recommendations Europe - wide as soon as possible .
Carrie Me to Hell ( But Only If John Corbett Is There )
By Dustin Rowles | Trailers | April 9 , 2010 |
“ Men , babies .
It does n’t matter .
We ’re soul mates . ”
That about sums up the trailer for Sex and the City 2 , another trashy , frivolous romp through a lot of shit most of us ca n’t afford and would n’t bother with , if we could .
The ladies are restless — marriage , kids , and menopause have got them down , so they decide to take a trip to Abu Dhabi , because of course they do .
There , they ride camels , drink champagne , and maybe Kristen Davis will get violent diarrhea again , cause that was so much fun in the last film .
It looks terrible .
BUT .
Sad as it is to say , for those of us who actually remember when the television series was decent , years and years ago , there ’s a moment in the trailer that features John Corbett that will give you a fleeting reminder of that .
Strangely , he ’s not listed in the iMDB credits .
Perhaps it was supposed to be a surprise , but lack of interest in the sequel forced them to show their hand ?
Whatever .
John Corbett is always fantastic .
Who the hell would n’t choose Corbett over Chris Noth ?
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
Rational thought may provide better answers to many of life 's riddles than does faith alone .
However , it is rational to conclude that religious faith has made possible the advancement of Western civilization .
That is , the glue that has held Western civilization together over the centuries is the Judeo - Christian tradition .
To the extent that the West loses its religious faith in favor of non-judgmental secularism , then to the same extent , it loses that which holds all else together .
Succinctly put : Western civilization 's survival , including the survival of open secular thought , depends on the continuance within our society of the Judeo - Christian tradition .
Arguably the two most defining and influential Christian concepts are summarized in two verses of the New Testament .
Those verses are Romans 14:10 and John 8:32 .
Romans 14:10 , says : " Remember , each of us must stand alone before the judgment seat of God . "
That verse explicitly recognizes not only each man 's uniqueness , but , of necessity , implies that man has free will -- that individual acts do result in consequences , and that those acts will be judged against objective standards .
It is but a step from the habit of accepting individual accountability before God to thinking of individual accountability in secular things .
It thus follows that personal and political freedom is premised upon the Christian concept of the unique individual exercising accountable free will .
John 8:32 says : " And you will know the truth and the truth will set you free . "
Whatever the theological meanings that have been imputed to that verse , its implicit secular meaning is that the search for truth is in and of itself praiseworthy .
Although I am a secularist ( atheist , if you will ) , I accept that the great majority of people would be morally and spiritually lost without religion .
Can anyone seriously argue that crime and debauchery are not held in check by religion ?
Is it not comforting to live in a community where the rule of law and fairness are respected ?
Would such be likely if Christianity were not there to provide a moral compass to the great majority ?
Do we secularists not benefit out of all proportion from a morally responsible society ?
An orderly society is dependent on a generally accepted morality .
There can be no such morality without religion .
Has there ever been a more perfect and concise moral code than the one Moses brought down from the mountain ?
Those who doubt the effect of religion on morality should seriously ask the question :
Just what are the immutable moral laws of secularism ?
Be prepared to answer , if you are honest , that such laws simply do not exist !
The best answer we can ever hear from secularists to this question is a hodgepodge of strained relativist talk of situational ethics .
They can cite no overriding authority other than that of fashion .
For the great majority in the West , it is the Judeo - Christian tradition which offers a template assuring a life of inner peace toward the world at large -- a peace which translates to a workable liberal society .
A few years ago , I saw on television the interview of a reforming prostitute and drug addict .
When asked why she had chosen to reform , her simple answer was , " I do n't want to go to Hell . "
I am sure that she had previously received hours of counseling from secular social workers , all without discernible effect .
What did it for her was the simplicity of a belief in Heaven and Hell , and with knowing that one day , she would stand alone before her God to be judged .
For the majority of a culture 's population , religious tradition is inextricably woven into their self - awareness .
It gives them their identity .
It is why those of religious faith are more socially stable and experience less difficulty in forming and maintaining binding attachments than do we secularists .
Most men do have a need for God .
This , I think , is proven by the desperation with which so many of those who have forsaken the God of their fathers ( it has been fashionable to do so ) are now reaching for meaning in eastern exotica , new - age mumbo - jumbo , and other attempts to fill the spiritual hole .
Or they surrender themselves to secular ideologies or do - good causes , especially those in which they can mass with others in solidarity , shouting in unison mindless , ritualistic simplicities and waving placards of hackneyed and inane slogans .
Secularism has never offered the people a practical substitute for religion .
From the time of the philosophes with their certainties in 1789 , the rationally thought - through utopias of those who think themselves the elite of the world , when actually put to the test , have not merely come to naught .
Attempts during those two centuries to put into practice utopian visions have caused huge sufferings .
But they , the clever ones , never look back .
In their conceit , they delude themselves that next time they are sure to get it right .
They create justifications for their fantasies by rewriting the histories .
We secularists should recognize that we owe much to the religionists , that we are not threatened by them , that we should grant to them their world .
Why should we be exercised over a Christmas Crèche in front of the county court house ?
It is appropriately symbolic of Christianity 's benign but essential role as guarantor of our political and legal systems -- that is , of a moral force independent of and transcendent to the political .
And what harm will come to a child who hears prayer in the schoolroom ?
I daresay harm is far more likely to come in those places where prayer is not heard .
The fact is , we secularists gain much from living in a world in which excesses are held in check by religion .
Religion gives society a secure and orderly environment within which we secularists can safely play out our creativities .
Free and creative secularism seems to me to function best when within the stable milieu provided by Christianity .
To the extent that Western elites distance themselves from their Judeo - Christian cultural heritage in favor of secular constructs , and as they give deference to a multicultural acceptance that all beliefs are of equal validity , they lose their will to defend against a determined attack from another culture , such as from militant Islam .
For having destroyed the ancient faith of their people , they will have found themselves with nothing to defend .
For the culture above which they had fancied themselves to have risen , the culture which had given them their material sustenance , will by then have become but a hollow shell .
An elite must , by definition , have a much larger base upon which to stand .
For Western civilization , that base has over the centuries been the great mass of commoners who have looked to Christianity for their moral guidance and for strength to weather adversity .
The elitists delude themselves if they think the common people will look to them for guidance once their religious beliefs have been eroded away .
The greatest crime of the elitists -- if they have their way -- will be their failure to use their gifts of intellect to lead and to preserve .
Their sin will be the abandonment of that ninety percent of the population which had provided them with the secure societal and material wherewithal for practicing their conceits and dilettantes .
Below the fold are two pictures to show why I believe that the injection pressure of mud into the well has dropped , indicating that BP have filled the well , and are now holding pressure to see if there are any problems .
I would assume , if none develop , that they will inject cement to seal the top of the well , sometime today .
Flow at 3:45 pm yesterday
Flow at 6:35 am today
Notice how the flow was longer and straighter in the first image , indicating that it was at higher pressure ( velocity ) and that now it blows out at much closer distance , meaning it does n't have the same pressure ( velocity ) .
There is a small caveat , and that is that I am assuming that there has n't been any significant erosion of the surface of the cracks between the two shots , and that may be a possible change , though not enough to cause the reduced throw distance of the central jet .
UPDATE : Here is a picture showing the ROV and the leaks - note the pipe on top of the riser that is also flowing mud .
Showing the ROV and plume ( 6:35 am )
What are the dangers of the kind of journalistic irresponsibility that currently characterizes the media ’s role in our public policy debate ?
Too many to enumerate here , of course , but let ’s consider one example : climate science .
Scientists have not had an easy time trying to convince Americans that global warming ’s threat is genuine and worrisome .
In a March Gallup poll , nearly half of those questioned said that they believe the threat of global warming to be " generally exaggerated , " whatever that means .
This was a rise from 35 percent two years earlier .
According to the same poll , a bare majority of 52 percent of Americans believe that " most scientists believe that global warming is occurring , " down from 65 percent in 2008 .
To be fair , climate change is a terribly complicated matter whose dangers remain , for the moment , invisible to the average American , if not hypothetical .
But it does n’t help that we are visited by a daily barrage of misinformation about the issue from oil companies to Glenn Beck to your local news meteorologist insisting that the science behind global warming is just a big hoax designed to , well , it ’s never quite clear what it ’s designed to do , but there it is .
What ’s more , according to the Center for Public Integrity , the number of lobbyists devoted to climate change has soared by more than fivefold since 2003 , to a total of 2,810 — or five lobbyists for every lawmaker in Washington .
This money works in myriad ways .
For instance , when Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) joined Sen. John Kerry ( D - MA ) to author an op - ed for The New York Times calling for genuine bipartisan in support of climate control legislation , he was met with a stream of advertisements back home , including one that asked , " Why would Sen. Lindsey Graham support new energy taxes — called cap - and - trade — that will further harm our economy and kill millions of American jobs " at a moment when economic conditions have " pushed local businesses to the brink ? "
Other lobbyists further did their darndest to confuse the issue and scare voters silly .
" The government is going to monitor where you set your thermostat , how much plane travel you do , " declared Marc Morano , a former Republican staffer on the Senate Environment Committee who now runs Climate Depot , a clearinghouse for misinformation about global warming .
" It ’s a level of control we ’ve never even contemplated in America . "
But as Elizabeth Kolbert pointed out in The New Yorker this week , " the most immediate explanation for this disturbing trend is the mess that ’s come to be known as Climategate . "
We have discussed the Climategate events at length in this column here and here , along with some of the problems with climate reporting generally here .
Suffice it to say that for all of the hullaballoo regarding stolen emails and hyped - up reports , the fact is the science of global warming remains where it began .
In a development that was buried in the news last week , a British parliamentary panel investigating allegations that scientists at one of the world ’s leading climate research centers misrepresented data related to global warming announced Wednesday that it had found no evidence to support that charge .
And yet , much of the media is simply proceeding on the basis that the global warming " scam " has been refuted and the problem is solved .
Of course , some of this is just stupidity .
The New York Times recently profiled a group of meteorologists who have no particular expertise in climatology playing the role of climate deniers to the general public as a means — it would appear — of retribution toward climatologists because of all those fancy degrees real scientists have .
Meteorologists have only bachelor ’s degrees , while climatologists have doctorates and lab experience and the like and tend to look down on their little brothers and sisters .
" There is a little bit of elitist - versus - populist tensions , " Bob Henson , meteorologist and writer , explains .
" There are meteorologists who feel , ‘ Just because I have a bachelor ’s degree does n’t mean I do n’t know what ’s going on , ’ " apparently unaware that the American Meteorological Society has affirmed the conclusion of the United Nations ’ climate panel that warming is occurring and that human activities are very likely the cause .
Meanwhile , a survey released by researchers at George Mason University found that more than a quarter of television weathercasters agree with the statement " Global warming is a scam , " and nearly two - thirds believe that , if warming is occurring , it is caused " mostly by natural changes . "
The New York Times article featured Joe Bastardi , who calls himself an " expert senior forecaster " at AccuWeather.com and who appears frequently on Fox News ( and more recently , " The Colbert Report " ) .
He insists , for instance , that a combination of volcanism , sunspots , and a sea- temperature trend known as the Pacific Decadal Oscillation is really cooling the earth , and we should all just chill .
This is " the greatest lab experiment ever , " he explains , as if he would know .
( Sadly , researchers at Yale and George Mason found that 56 percent of Americans trusted weathercasters to tell them about global warming far more than they trusted other news media . )
For some conservatives , however , science — like so much of reality — is the actual enemy .
Bret Stephens , writing on The Wall Street Journal editorial page , titles his column , " What ’s the Next ‘ Global Warming ? ‘ " — by which he means pointless panic .
He thinks the entire notion of any kind of threat has now been demonstrated to be a big joke , with the vast majority of the world ’s scientific establishments behaving no differently than the folks who believe " that we are approaching the End Time . "
Stephens deploys as ammunition for his argument that " Gallup reports that global warming now ranks sixth on the list of Americans ’ top 10 environmental concerns , " as if a ) that ’s an accurate measurement of the nature of the threat and b ) as if all of these reports and attacks of the kind Stephens and his colleagues are always writing and broadcasting all over the place would have had no impact on the public ’s beliefs .
Stephens believes the entire global scientific and political establishments to be in cahoots about the global warming fantasy because when one invents such a threat , " money begins to flow toward grant - seeking institutions and bureaucracies , which have an interest in raising the level of alarm .
Environmentalists counsel their version of virtue , typically some quasi- totalitarian demands on the pattern of human behavior .
Politicians assemble expert panels and propose sweeping and expensive legislation . "
Keep in mind that the nature of this problem , while impossible to predict with perfect accuracy , is as serious a threat to the well - being of the earth ’s inhabitants as almost any war or famine the world has seen in more than half a century .
Even the American Meteorological Society believes that the buildup of heat - trapping gases like carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would lead to " major negative consequences . "
What might these be ?
According to a report prepared by the Guardian ’s Alok Jha for the Copenhagen summit , should we stay on the path we ’re on , we can expect a four - degree rise in the earth ’s average temperature , and this likely scenario :
The Arctic permafrost enters the danger zone .
The methane and carbon dioxide currently locked in the soils will be released into the atmosphere .
At the Arctic itself , the ice cover would disappear permanently , meaning extinction for polar bears and other native species that rely on the presence of ice .
Further melting of Antarctic ice sheets would mean a further 5 m rise in the sea level , submerging many island nations .
Italy , Spain , Greece and Turkey become deserts and mid-Europe reaches desert temperatures of almost 50C in summer .
That ’s just for starters , of course .
The cost , both in money and human misery , would be staggering .
And the likelihood of the world facing this situation is much higher than for any military scenario for which we spend trillions on our respective establishments to protect us .
And yet , in so much of the media , all of this is somehow treated as a joke .
Unfortunately , when these effects finally arrive , the joke will be on all of us .
Eric Alterman is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress and a Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College .
He is also a Nation columnist and a professor of journalism at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism .
His most recent book is , Why We ’re Liberals : A Handbook for Restoring America ’s Most Important Ideals .
His " Altercation " blog appears sporadically here and he is a regular contributor to The Daily Beast .
One recent graduate documents her struggles in the Student Debt crisis .
The following books have been identified on Jack 's bookshelf .
( " A Tale of Two Cities " ) ( The books are listed here top to bottom , left to right . )
The bookshelf itself appears to be an IKEA " Kilby " .
Contents show ]
On top of the shelf
Three Ring Binder ( Black – thin ) Three Ring Binder ( Black – thin ) Three Ring Binder ( White – thick – yellow lettering “ … OGICAL ” ? )
Three Ring Binder ( White – thin ) Three Ring Binder ( Grey – thick ) West ’s Business Law Compton 's Encyclopedia Vol. 23 Glencoe Clinical Procedures for Medical Assisting Harrison 's Platinum Edition
Shelf 1
Shelf 2
Biking trophy
[ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] Eleventh Hour -- Catherine Coulter [ Unidentified ] Easy Prey -- John Sandford
Shelf 3
The Spirit of Christmas [ Unidentified ] The 12 - Minute Total Body Workout -- Joyce L. Vedral Funk & Wagnalls New Encyclopedia Vol. 14 McNally 's Folly -- Vincent Lardo Funk & Wagnalls New Encyclopedia Vol. 14 ' Astrological Patterns Reader 's Digest Condensed Book ( titles illegible ) Holy Bible Dirty Work -- Stuart Woods Chains of Command -- William J. Caunitz (? ) [ Unidentified ] Pulmonary Diseases and Disorders -- Alfred P. Fishman [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] The Scottish Bride -- Catherine Coulter [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ]
Shelf 4
Golf clubs in front of several books .
[ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] Scientific Genius -- Dean Kenneth Simonton A History of World Societies -- John P. McKay , John Buckler , Bennett D. Hill , Patricia Buckley Ebrey [ Unidentified ] International Book of ____ ( ? )
Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Reference book Encyclopedia Americana ( Vol. II ) Encyclopedia Americana ( Vol. I )
Shelf 5
Encyclopedia Americana ( Vol. ? ) Encyclopedia Americana ( Vol. 12 ) Encyclopedia Americana ( Vol.13 ) America : Land of Beauty and Splendor [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ]
The Bailey Chronicles -- Catherine Cookson Last Rights : Rescuing the End of Life from the Medical Establishment -- Stephen Kiernan [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] Funk & Wagnalls New Encyclopedia Vol. 2 Funk & Wagnalls New Encyclopedia Vol. 15 Funk & Wagnalls New Encyclopedia Vol. 1
Bottom shelf
[ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ] [ Unidentified ]
This afternoon , Carl and I took a stroll through the new alien set on Stage 6 .
To say that we were mightily impressed would be to understate it .
Wow .
Needless to say , I took lots of pics .
Needless to say , I ca n’t show you any of said pics at the risk of spoiling things for you .
So you ’ll just have to trust me .
Actors Patrick Gilmore ( SGU ’s Dale Volker ) and Peter Kelamis ( SGU ’s Adam Brody ) swung by the production offices today to tell me how much they enjoyed Resurgence – but really to sample the ice cream I brought in .
Despite my feelings that the Peanut Butter Ice Cream with Shaved Dark Chocolate was too peanut buttery , some peanut butter fans ( ie. Carl ) liked it just fine .
The Maple - Bacon Ice Cream was the winner among those who tried both however .
Speaking of ice cream – fellow Exec. Producer Robert Cooper has challenged me to an Ice Cream throwdown .
Three different flavors over three different days with one ultimate winner to be crowned The King of Stargate Ice Cream ’ 10 complete with handy whacking scepter and tiara .
I ’ve got my work cut out for me because , besides being an accomplished cook , Rob is no stranger to ice cream - making .
He has already tipped his hand , suggesting one of his flavors would be a Chocolate with Chocolate Brownie .
He also considered Brad and Ashleigh ’s requests for a mint - flavored entry ( in an obvious attempt to curry their favor .
For my part , I think mint is more suited to bubble gum , not dessert , so I risk losing their votes by not offering up own version ) .
Finally , he is openly toying with the idea of a fruit - based ice cream .
Not sure how I ’ll counter .
I ’m thinking of going with an ice cream with a more natural base ( ie. honey - vanilla ) that will allow me to showcase a particulate ( ie. cinnamon bun ) .
I also think that , given my love of chocolate , it would behoove me to match his Chocolate Brownie Ice Cream with a chocolate creation of my own .
As for my third entry , I ’ll let him go fruity and opt for something a little more adventurous , hoping I ’ll score extra points for originality .
I ’ll start researching tomorrow , probably make a few different batches over the weekend , and then decide what I ’m going to go with on the day .
What fun !
Hey , you know who ’s a big fan of zombies ?
Special Features Producer Ivon Bartok .
I leant him my The Living Dead anthology a couple of months ago ( he loved it ) , then my copies of World War Z and The Zombie Survival Guide by Max Brooks ( which he also loved ) , and , today , it was my eight - volume collection of Robert Kirkman ’s brilliant The Walking Dead ( soon to be a series on AMC ! ) .
Whodda thunk ?
He never really seemed like the zombie type .
A reminder – how could you forget ?
– to get in your questions for actress Julia Benson , SGU ’s Lieutenant Vanessa James .
Post ’em by Friday , or she ’ll come over there and personally kick your ass .
Some interesting links from around the net :
The Newscientist website ’s May 25th Picture of the Day will make you think twice about wading into a murky lake .
http://www.newscientist.com/gallery/dn15018-pick-of-the-pictures/1.
It kind of looks like a deadly kino fish , no ?
Cracked.com gives you The 7 Most Soul - Crushing Series Finales in TV History – http://www.cracked.com/article_18490_the-7-most-soul-crushing-series-finales-in-tv-history_p2.html – from Alf ’s dissection to St. Elsewhere ’s offing of the MTM kitty .
Speaking of endings , writer Madeline Ashby tells us “ What anime can teach us about ending a story ” : http://www.escapingthetrunk.net/?p=735.
Cowboy Bebop , yes !
Cracked.com also gives you 6 TV Shows That Completely Lost Their Shit : http://www.cracked.com/article/242_6-tv-shows-that-completely-lost-their-shit_p1.
Felicity traveled through time ?
Really ?
One more reason to eat chocolate : http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE64J3AM20100520?feedType=RSS&feedName=oddlyEnoughNews&rpc=22&sp=true
Top Seven Deadly Foods : Gross or Tasty ?
http://abcnews.go.com/Health/w_DietAndFitnessNews/gross-food-movement-top-unhealthy-offerings/story?id=8848364&page=2.
Well , in the order in which they are presented : Gross AND Tasty , Gross , Gross , Gross , Gross , Tasty , Tasty .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Reddit
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
But some of the historic anecdotes we love repeating again and again simply are n't true .
As convenient as it may be to think of our ancestors as murder - happy torture enthusiasts , they were crazy , but they were n't that crazy .
Everybody knows that people in the past were insane .
They wore funny hats , used words like " wherefore , " and do n't get us started on the pants .
6 Gun Fights in the Violent Wild West
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Insanity :
A gloriously mustached man sits at a card game in an old saloon , surrounded by cowboys and surprisingly fresh - faced prostitutes .
He looks up , and notices that the player opposite him is hiding an extra card up his sleeve .
He calls him on it , the word yellow is pronounced as ' yeller , ' and pretty soon they 're facing off in the city square .
There 's a long moment before the cheater moves for his hip holster , but he 's not fast enough .
Quick as lightning , the gambler draws his revolver and shoots the cheat dead between the eyes .
The cowboys and prostitutes go back to their drinks , well - accustomed to this sort of random violence , as the man nonchalantly twirls his pistol and says : " Guess he could n't read my poker face . "
A typical western saloon , moments before everyone in the room shot each other .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
A hundred years of Westerns have taught us that this is how you lived and died in the Wild West .
The quicker draw lived to gun -fight another day .
It was essentially a roving single elimination rock , paper , scissors tournament that did n't end until you were dead .
But in Reality ...
How many murders do you suppose these old western towns saw a year ?
Let 's say the bloodiest , gun-slingingest of the famous cattle towns with the cowboys doing quick - draws at high noon every other day .
A hundred ?
More ?
How about five ?
That was the most murders any old - west town saw in any one year .
Ever .
Most towns averaged about 1.5 murders a year , and not all of those were shooting .
You were way more likely to be murdered in Baltimore in 2008 than you were in Tombstone in 1881 , the year of the famous gunfight at the OK Corral ( body count : three ) and the town 's most violent year ever .
Google is attempting to clear the air on exactly what kind of data it collects when its Street View cars roll in front of your house , and how it uses that information .
The company is n't just taking photos of the street , but it 's not broadcasting a complex database on all your known locations either .
Google 's revelation about its data collection practices is valuable to those concerned about how the data is used , but the company has once again demonstrated that more transparency earlier in the game is better .
Google 's Street View remains controversial in many parts of the world , but especially in Europe , where the service has long received national and EU - wide scrutiny over privacy .
In a blog post Tuesday , Google 's Global Privacy Counsel Peter Fleischer explained that Google 's Street View cars gather information in three categories : photos of the street , WiFi network information , and 3D building imagery .
Google maintains that all this information is public and that numerous other services catalog the same information — in some cases , for much longer than Google .
It 's the WiFi information that has gotten Google into trouble recently , with German officials asserting that this type of data collection is illegal there .
Fleischer says the company collects SSID information as well as the MAC addresses of WiFi routers it encounters along the Street View route — this is for use in Google 's location - based services , a la Skyhook Wireless ' services that are widely used on mobile devices without GPS .
Google insists that it only collects SSID and MAC information on routers that broadcast the names publicly , as that information is accessible by anyone walking down the street with a WiFi - compatible device .
What Google does n't do is make this data — at least in its raw form — available to the public .
Google claims that some other providers do make the MAC addresses available , but the company distills the information down to a triangulated code through its geolocation API so that services like Google Maps or Twitter can make use of the location data .
In an attached letter ( PDF ) to a number of data protection agencies , Google wrote that any speculation about Google making a map or list of WiFi access points is false , and that it does not collect payload data ( information on what devices are connected to each network ) .
In the post , Fleischer made the point several times that other services collect the same data and , in some cases , make it more public than Google .
That may be true , but Google apparently failed to discuss its WiFi collection techniques with German authorities beforehand , which contributed to an environment of distrust .
As we wrote last week , Google should recognize that it 's under more scrutiny than most other companies when it comes to privacy and data collection .
As a result , it needs to default to being as transparent and protective of user privacy as possible every time it launches a new product or service .
It 's not enough for Google to start out with good intentions and overlook key details that might cause concern for others — it may not be " fair " when other services are doing the same thing , but Google is in a position where it can lead by example .
2010 Arizona State Sun Devils Undie Run ( Video / Pics )
Anything that incorporates “ Arizona State girls ” and “ undies , ” and my interest is immediately piqued .
I have friends that go to ASU , so I had the luxury of seeing some Undie Run pics before they were all over the internet and they certainly did not disappoint , to say the least .
In case you ’re playing the extremely innocent card , the ASU Undie Run , which has become ASU ’s largest , craziest , sexiest , and most amazing end of the year tradition the campus has come to know , involves its students running around campus in , you guessed it , their undies .
And the best part about it being the year 2010 is that college students are well aware of the internet now , so they ’re not going to whip out the grandma tighty whities for such marvelous occasions .
We ’re going to see the damn best Victoria ’s Secret ’s sexy section has to offer because these hot mostly - teenage girls all know they are going to wind up on the internet for creeps like us to gawk at .
Good for them for being so aware and so easy to look at .
Without further ado , I present the 2010 Arizona State University Undie Run pics , with as many retracted dudes in boxers as possible .
Start Slide Show
Share This
( WOMENSENEWS )
–When my mother was in her 80s , she told me matter - of - factly that she had had an abortion .
In the bad old days the operation was illegal , but we lived in New York City , close to many sympathetic doctors .
She told me many details .
There was secrecy , an hour - long trip to Manhattan on the subway and the company of her sister - in - law .
Afterwards , the procedure having gone smoothly , she rested for a while in her sister - in - law ’s nearby apartment .
This must have occurred between 1943 , when my baby brother was born , and 1949 , in that post - Depression decade before the postwar boom began to raise our boat a little .
I neglected to ask her why she had chosen to have an abortion , but I can make some astute guesses based on what I have pieced together in adulthood about my parents ’ circumstances while my brother and I were little .
My parents were poor until my mother started working as a teacher in 1951 .
Before I was 6 , we lived in a basement apartment in East Flatbush in a house owned by a baker , who used to toss a bag of bagels down the stairs from time to time .
My father worked 10 or 11 hours a day with an uneven income as a self - employed oil - burner repairman .
In 1946 - 7 we moved to Florida so he could start a nursery with a friend .
The business failed within a year .
‘ We Ate Our Savings ’
We moved back to Brooklyn and he started job hunting .
He once bitterly recalled a six - month period of unemployment .
“ We ate our savings , ” he said , passing on a horror of joblessness that has stayed with me .
His words describe what has been happening to many American families since the start of the current recession .
Those must have been the years when we had such little portions of meat that one dinnertime when my brother speared the last piece of pork chop on my plate and mischievously popped it in his mouth , I went livid .
Having two children already –in the 1940s , in the years when we had less food to eat , little furniture in the rooms and my father ’s salary was uncertain–my parents must have decided they could n’t afford a third .
My mother ’s thinking about alleviating our poverty came into it .
She had stopped working sometime before I was born .
In her view , you gave children some years of your motherly care –I got 10 , my brother got eight –before you left home again for work .
It was n’t until she got involved in the PTA of a remarkable public school I was attending that it seems to have occurred to her to become a teacher .
My father encouraged her .
“ You ’re so involved in education , why do n’t you teach ? ” he said .
To have given a third child another eight years would have meant at least another eight years of poverty for everyone else .
I want to add something –temporality –often forgotten or undervalued in the abortion rights debate , even by pro-choice people .
Life Involves Time Passing
It is hard to define “ life ” but one thing we know is that it involves time passing .
Life time .
If a woman who mothers lives after delivery , she is dedicating some hefty chunk of her life time to being responsible for her child .
Usually , two decades .
The right to decide whether to proceed with a pregnancy takes into account , and must take into account , that irrevocable pledge of responsibility .
It trivializes this life - course decision - making to suggest my mother ’s choice was made on the basis of “ convenience . ”
She decided to make my father ’s life easier , to devote her maternal attention to her existing children and to study to further her own and our family ’s joint life chances .
Everything proved her decision a correct one .
She earned a teaching degree , then went to Bank Street College of Education and earned a master ’s degree , got tenure , became a wonderful and happy first - grade teacher and earned a good and secure salary that rose every year .
She and my father together moved us up some inches into the lower middle class so that I could get a good education .
In her 80s , when my mother told me about this episode in her life , it was clear that she had never had any regrets .
Margaret Morganroth Gullette went to Radcliffe and Harvard graduate school and has written three books , among them “ Aged by Culture , ” named a “ Noteworthy Book ” of the year by the Christian Science Monitor .
Her next book is called “ Agewise . ”
She is a resident scholar at the Women ’s Studies Research Center , Brandeis .
You'd be hard - pressed to find a company more beloved than Google .
And why not ?
They make the Internet easier to use , pamper their employees and foot the bill for YouTube even though it loses money like it's got a gambling problem that 's made of cocaine .
Unfortunately , much of what is awesome about Google also makes them increasingly terrifying with each passing day .
5 Google Has All The Answers ( About You )
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Misconception :
Before Google , if you were curious about some weird sexual position or the dangers of sticking glass rods down your pee hole , you had to go to an older sibling or classmate .
This would result in either hilarious but ultimately fulfilling sexual misadventure or , if you did n't go to high school in a teen comedy , a mortifying nickname that followed you all the way to college .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Google was n't the first search engine to take the human interaction out of that process , it was just the best at finding the information you were looking for .
And as long as you were sure to delete your search history afterwards , you could read up on any kind of fucked up , degenerate behavior you wanted without another human soul ever knowing .
The Reality :
It turns out , Google records everything you enter into its search engine .
The lonely night a few months back when you Googled " how many fists can fit in the butt ? "
That 's stored on Google 's servers , correlated with your IP address and a pretty shocking amount of other personal information .
We never knew how far this would go .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But they 're not just passively stalking you via your weird ass searches .
If you use Google to help you navigate the Web , there 's a good chance they 've installed a cookie onto your browser that logs every page you visit , every form you fill out and every conversation you have .
Google sees it all and stores it for at least nine months .
Consumer advocate group Privacy International says nine months is the best case scenario .
Even if you only use a few of Google 's free services , " the company retains a large quantity of information about that user , often for an unstated or indefinite length of time , without clear limitation on subsequent use . "
" ;; my From :
; ; note : all below are dirs ( Maildirs ) under elmo - maildir - folder - path
; ; the '.'- prefix is for marking them as maildirs
wl - fcc " .sent " ;; sent msgs go to the " sent " - folder
wl - fcc - force - as - read t ;; mark sent messages as read
wl - default - folder " .inbox " ;; my main inbox
wl - draft - folder " .drafts " ;; store drafts in ' postponed '
wl - trash - folder " .trash " ;; put trash in ' trash '
wl - spam - folder " .trash " ;; ... spam as well
wl - queue - folder " .queue " ;; we do n't use this
; ; check this folder periodically , and update modeline
wl - biff-check -folder-list '( " .todo " ) ;; check every 180 seconds
; ; ( default : wl - biff - check - interval )
; ; hide many fields from message buffers
wl - message - ignored - field - list '( " ^ .* : " )
wl-message-visible-field-list
' ( " ^\ \( To\ \|Cc\\ ) : "
" ^Subject : "
" ^\\( From\\|Reply - To\\ ) : "
" ^Organization : "
" ^Message - Id : "
" ^\\( Posted\ \ | Date\\ ) : "
" ^[ xX ] - [ Ff]ace : "
)
wl-message-sort-field-list
' ( " ^From "
" ^Organization : "
" ^X - Attribution : "
" ^Subject "
" ^Date "
" ^To "
" ^Cc " )
)
;; Get BBDB workiing
( require ' bbdb-wl )
( bbdb-wl- setup )
( define - key wl - draft - mode - map ( kbd " " ) ' bbdb-complete - name )
( setq
wl - forward - subject - prefix " Fwd : " ) ;; use " Fwd : " not " Forward : "
;; Invert behaviour of with and without argument replies .
; ; just the author
( setq wl - draft-reply-without-argument - list
' ( ( " Reply - To " ( " Reply - To " ) nil nil )
( " Mail - Reply - To " ( " Mail - Reply - To " ) nil nil )
( " From " ( " From " ) nil nil ) ) )
; ; bombard the world
( setq wl - draft-reply -with-argument - list
'( ( " Followup - To " nil nil ( " Followup - To " ) )
( " Mail - Followup - To " ( " Mail - Followup - To " ) nil ( " Newsgroups " ) )
( " Reply - To " ( " Reply - To " ) ( " To " " Cc " " From " ) ( " Newsgroups " ) )
( " From " ( " From " ) ( " To " " Cc " ) ( " Newsgroups " ) ) ) )
( defun djcb-wl-draft-subject- check ()
" check whether the message has a subject before sending "
( if ( and (< ( length ( std11 - field - body " Subject " ) ) 1 )
( null ( y - or -n -p " No subject !
Send current draft ? " ) ) )
( error " Abort . " ) ) )
; ; note , this check could cause some false positives ; anyway , better
; ; safe than sorry ...
( defun djcb-wl-draft-attachment - check ()
" if attachment is mention but none included , warn the the user "
( save - excursion
( goto - char 0 )
( unless ; ; do n't we have an attachment ?
( re-search - forward " ^Content - Disposition : attachment " nil t)
( when ; ; no attachment ; did we mention an attachment ?
( re -search - forward " attach " nil t )
( unless ( y - or - n -p " Possibly missing an attachment .
Send current draft ? " )
( error " Abort . " ) ) ) ) ) )
( add - hook 'wl - mail-send-pre-hook ' djcb-wl-draft-subject- check )
( add - hook 'wl - mail-send-pre-hook ' djcb-wl-draft-attachment - check )
; ; do n't **** ing split large messages
( setq mime - edit - split - message nil )
; For printing on black and white printer ...
( setq wl - ps - print - buffer - function ' ps- print - buffer )
; Auto add signature on draft edit
( remove - hook ' wl - draft- send-hook ' wl - draft-config-exec )
( add - hook ' wl - mail - setup-hook ' wl - draft-config-exec )
( setq wl - draft-config- alist
'( ( ( string - match " 1 " " 1 " )
( bottom . "
--
" ) ( bottom - file . " ~/.signature " ) )
) )
;; Wanderlust compose becomes bound to C-x m
( autoload ' wl - user - agent - compose " wl - draft " nil t)
( if ( boundp ' mail-user- agent )
( setq mail - user - agent ' wl - user - agent ) )
( if ( fboundp ' define-mail-user- agent )
( define-mail-user - agent
' wl-user - agent
'wl-user-agent - compose
' wl - draft - send
' wl - draft - kill
' mail - send - hook ) )
;; Fetchmail bount to C-x M-m
( defun fetchmail - fetch ()
( interactive )
( shell - command " fetchmail " )
)
( global - set - key " \C- x\M- m " ' fetchmail - fetch )
; Stop mime errors when sending to AOL / others ?
; osdir.com/ml/mail.wanderlust.general/2006-10/msg00007.html
;( setq - default mime - transfer - level 8 )
( setq smtp-use - 8 bitmime nil )
; Swap a and A in summary mode , so citing original message is on a and no-cite on A .
; I want the most common action ( for me ) to be the one with fewer keypresses
( define - key wl - summary - mode - map ( kbd " A " ) ' wl - summary - reply )
( define - key wl - summary - mode - map ( kbd " a " ) ' wl - summary - reply - with- citation )
Wanderlust is a pain to set up , but the flexibility you get is worth it .
I 've been using it for a month now and ( thanks to various posts and trawling through the cutomisation groups for wl , bbdb , mu-cite ) this is what my wanderlust setup has grown to : ; ; mode :-*- emacs-lisp -*-;; wanderlust ( setq wl - summary - always - sticky - folder - list t) ( setq wl - summary - line - format " %n%T % P %D/%M ( %W ) %h: %m %t %[%25 ( %c %f % ) % ] %s " ) ( setq wl - summary - width 150 ) ( setq wl-user-mail-address - list ( quote ( " j.shuttleworth@coventry.ac.uk " " csx239@coventry.ac.uk " ) ) ) ( setq bbdb - use - pop - up nil ) ; ; Initial Wanderlust setup ; ; autoload configuration ( autoload 'wl " wl " " Wanderlust " t ) ( autoload ' wl - other - frame " wl " " Wanderlust on new frame . " t ) ( autoload ' wl - draft " wl - draft " " Write draft with Wanderlust . " t ) ; ;
If we wanted to we can set the init file to be something different ; ; ( setq wl - init - file " ~/.emacs.d/wl.el " ) ; ;
This should allow us to compose mail using C-x m( autoload ' wl - user - agent - compose " wl - draft " nil t ) ( if ( boundp ' mail - user - agent ) ( setq mail - user - agent ' wl - user - agent ) ) ( if ( fboundp ' define-mail-user-agent ) ( define-mail-user-agent'wl-user-agent'wl-user-agent-compose'wl-draft-send'wl- draft-kill'mail-send-hook ) ) ; ; BBDB for harvesting Email addresses . ;;
THe rest in in my WL file ( add - to - list ' load - path " /usr/share/emacs23/site-lisp/bbdb / " ) ( setq bbdb-file " ~/Documents/portables / bbdb " ) ;; keep ~/ clean ; set before loading ( require ' bbdb ) ( bbdb-initialize ) ( setqbbdb - offer - save 1 ;; 1 means save - without - asking bbdb - use - pop - up t ;; allow popups for addressesbbdb - electric - p t ; ; be disposable with SPCbbdb - popup - target - lines 1 ; ; very smallbbdb - dwim - net - address - allow - redundancy t ;; always use full name bbdb - quiet - about - name - mismatches 2 ; ; show name - mismatches 2 secsbbdb - always - add - address t ;; add new addresses to existing ... ; ; ... contacts automaticallybbdb-canonicalize-redundant-nets-p t ; ; x@foo.bar.cx => x@bar.cxbbdb-completion-type nil ;; complete on anythingbbdb - complete - name - allow - cycling t ;; cycle through matches ; ; this only works partiallybbbd - message - caching - enabled t ; ; be fastbbdb - use - alternate - names t ;; use AKA bbdb - elided - display t ;; single - line addresses ; ; auto - create addresses from mailbbdb / mail - auto - create - p ' bbdb-ignore - some - messages - hook ; ; bbdb - ignore - some - messages - alist ;; do n't ask about fake addresses ; ; NOTE : there can be only one entry per header ( such as To , From ) ; ; http://flex.ee.uec.ac.jp/texi/bbdb/bbdb_11.html;; '(( " From " . " no.?reply \\|DAEMON\\|daemon\\|facebookmail\\|twitter " ) ) ) ( add - to - list ' load - path " /usr/share/emacs23/site-lisp / mu- cite / " ) ( require ' mu - cite ) ( add - hook ' mail - citation - hook ' mu - cite - original ) ( setq mu-cite - top - format ' ( " On " date " , " full - name " spake thus :
" ) ) ( setq signature - file - name " ~/.signature" signature-insert-at-eof tsignature-delete-blank-lines-at-eof tmu-cite -prefix - format ( quote ( " > " ) ) ; default to > , no questions asked , rather than name ( add - hook ' wl - init -hook '( lambda ( ) ; ;
Add support for ( signature . " filename " ) ( unless ( assq ' signature wl - draft-config-sub-func-alist ) ( wl - append wl - draft-config-sub-func - alist '( ( signature . wl - draft-config-sub- signature ) ) ) ) ( defun mime - edit - insert - signature ( &optional arg ) " Redefine to insert a signature file directly , not as a tag . " ( interactive " P " ) ( insert - signature arg ) ) ; ; Keep track of recently used Email addresses ;;( recent - addresses - mode 1 ) ) ) ( defun wl - draft - config - sub - signature ( content ) " Insert the signature at the end of the MIME message . " ( let ( ( signature - insert - at - eof nil ) ( signature - file - name content ) ) ( goto - char ( mime- edit - content-end ) ) ( insert- signature ) ) ) ( setqelmo - maildir - folder - path " ~ / Maildir " ;; where i store my mailwl - stay - folder - window t ;; show the folder pane ( left ) wl - folder - window - width 25 ; ; toggle on / off with ' i'wl- smtp-posting - server " mail.coventry.ac.uk " ;; put the smtp server here ; wl - smtp - posting - server ; The initial setting is nil .
This is the SMTP server name for mail transmission .
;wl-smtp-posting - port ; The initial setting is nil .
This is the SMTP port number for mail transmission .
If nil , default SMTP port number ( 25 ) is used.wl-smtp-posting -user " csx239 " ; The initial setting is nil .
This is the user name for SMTP AUTH authentication .
wl - smtp-authenticate - type " login " ; The initial setting is nil .
This string - valued variable specifies the authentication method for SMTP AUTH authentication .
You may specify plain , cram - md5 , digest - md5 , login , etc .
If nil , authentication will not be carried out.wl-local - domain " ng43-1.coventry.ac.uk " ;; put something here ...wl-message-id-domain " coventry.ac.uk " ;; ... wl - from " James Shuttleworth
Well , I ’m tired but it would seem that it ’s not late in California so I ’m a “ wide awake tired ” 8-}
The conference has TV coverage here :
http://www.pjtv.com/?cmd=mpg&mpid=144
though it asks for a login to watch .
The Heartland Institute coverage is here :
http://www.heartland.org/environmentandclimate-news.org/index.html
So between them you ought to be able to join the fun , at least vicariously ;-)
If anyone knows of a better video link , feel free to post it .
Day Two , Science Track 1 & 2
There are 2 science tracks , one public policy track , and one economics track .
Being both a science geek and an economist means I want to attend 3 tracks at most times and the other about 1 / 2 the time …
Sigh .
Completely overloaded and only getting 1 /4 of the “ show ” .
Guess I ’ll be joining folks watching the videos later …
So , a couple of ‘ crib notes ’ on the events that I did attend :
Willie Soon
Had a droll and quite funny presentation on where the warmers have it wrong and our place in the Galaxy .
He lampooned the idea of CO2 as being able to move the climate system and portrayed the sun as “ King Kong ” and the climate system as “ Refrigerator Perry ” , with CO2 as “ Willie Soon ” and asked who could move whom ?
Then pointed out that the warmers think Willie could move Perry if he was eating a lot of hamburgers …
A real metaphor for the notion that CO2 is weak , but it ’s rate of change is fast so the warmers assert it will dominate .
If you can , see his presentations , well worth it .
Habibullo Abdussamatov
His presentation was titled simply “ The Sun Dictates the Climate ” .
And that does more or less sum it up .
A wonderful man with a quick broad smile .
Yet he can scowl at the assertion that CO2 matters in a most effective way .
I took an instant liking to him .
There is much that American and British “ climate scientists ” can learn from this man .
He impressed me as a very “ old school ” classical scientist .
A “ Mr. McGuire ” type ( for those who ’ve read my stuff for a while ) .
IMHO , he has the science exactly right .
The downside ?
He is stating flat out that we are headed for a Little Ice Age .
The solar changes dictate cooling .
The ocean mass delays it for about 40 years .
And we ’re headed for a lot of cold .
There is a 200 year periodic decent of Total Solar Irradiance , that causes a Little Ice Age , and we ’re due .
The mechanism he asserts is a 250 km decrease in solar radius and that changes solar interior dynamics and processes .
A plot of phase and amplitude for both sun spot number and solar radius showed a near perfect match , with the onset of the solar quieting in 1999 .
Not the type to be bashful about making clear predictions ( no wussy “ projections ” for this man ! ) he stated flat out the “ New Little Ice Age begins in 2014 . ”
Though with various lags from things such as ocean heat content and climate cooling rates , the depth of the NLIA is not reached until 2042 +/- 11 years for the solar minimum and then 2065 +/- 11 years for the temperature minimum .
So I ’d suggest now might be a good time to go shopping for that place in Florida or Texas …
Phoenix is looking better and better too – though wear shades 8 -)
He asserts that water vapor is the key feedback mechanism , and that as water vapor drops in the cold , we start the positive feedback decent .
This has some rather significant implications for food supply too .
( Oil and food would be good investments long term … though farms might well be poor investments as their yields will be dropping , IMHO ) .
His final conclusion ought to be written in Neon Lights in every city of the world :
We need to concentrate on economic development to adapt to the coming New Little Ice Age .
I could not agree more .
Craig Loehle
A very good presentation that looked at climate variation and found that natural climate cycles are all that is needed to explain the changes we see .
( Though he hedges it with “ most ” of the 20th century changes … )
He recommended a paper by Klyashtorin and Lyubushin 2003 that is described here :
http://icecap.us/index.php/go/joes-blog/cyclical_climate_changes/
I think …
He opened with a statement that he was using Hadley data even though it appeared to have major issues ( I ’d call it “ cooked ” ) and pointed out in particular that two datasets are both identified as “ HadCRUT 3 ” yet the 2008 version is different from the 2010 version with significant added warming .
Yet no notice to users of the data that it had changed .
With that caveat …
He finds that 55 % of the “ warming ” in that data from 1970 to 200 can be explained by the natural PDO cycle and that there is a natural climate cycle of 59 years ( which is all the more pointed when you think about warmers using a 30 year ‘ baseline ’ smack dab in the bottom of the cold half cycle , then screaming for 30 years that it ’s getting warmer …
“ Well Duh ! ” comes to mind ) .
He then mentioned that it was difficult to get published .
IMHO , we need a new journal .
Perhaps “ Proceedings of the ICCC ” .
There are clearly plenty of folks with Ph. Ds to do the peer review .
( The vast bulk of folks presenting have at least Ph.D. after their name , I ’m leaving them off just since I do n’t feel like typing it 100 times ;-)
So I see nothing that stands in the way of simply bypassing the “ Pal Review ” and “ Editor in Your Pocket ” system that has been built by the “ ClimateGate Crew ” .
Frankly , I think the ClimateGate Crew have peed on enough folks papers that the bulk of scientists would be happy to flock to a new Journal of Record .
Joseph D’Aleo
I had to dash between Track 1 and Track 2 to see both Joe and Anthony .
They really do need to put those guys together or at least not in competing sessions .
I noticed Verity Jones of Digging In The Clay was also dashing between the two .
Joe gave a rousing presentation slow roasting the warmers as only he can do .
Slides of cooked data , past made colder , recent warmer , bent folded , spindled and mutilated by the warmers .
But Joe had both old and new and showed what they were up to .
Then , just as some brain candy dessert , he presented some quotes where the warmers were saying explicitly that their motives were biased .
All in all , a rousing presentation .
I then dashed over to see Anthony .
That entailed missing the presentation by S. Fred Singer ( something that bothers me …
I really wanted to hear him speak as I love his books , but I wanted to see Anthony on stage just a bit more ) .
Howard Maccabee M.D. and Ph.D
I came in part way through this presentation .
It was a well done analysis of the impacts of warmer vs colder on public health .
No real surprise , cold kills far more than warm .
There was the usual data manipulation scandal in that ‘ warm deaths ’ has all deaths counted , but ‘ cold deaths ’ excludes some of the major cold related causes as they get counted under “ pneumonia ” or “ respiratory distress ” or similar rather than “ cold death ” .
Further , there was pointed out that the proposed taxes and fuel cost increases will exacerbate deaths as folks have less fuel to keep warm .
Paradoxically , it will also increase deaths from heat , as folks have less money to keep the A/C running …
The good doctor also cited the UK data that show deaths dropped as the world warmed and pointed out that the US Agencies said that did n’t count as the UK was different … .
A big point to me was when he pointed out that the projected warming ought to mean 100 +
Million ( I think he said 140 Million ) AVOIDED deaths as people would not die of the cold .
Now tie that in with what Habibullo Abdussamatov said about the NLIA .
We ’re talking a couple of hundred million deaths from cold …
Not Good …
Anthony Watts
A rousing slide show touring some truly horrid station placement .
Folks can see all of them over at http://www.surfacestations.org/
so I wo n’t do a ‘ blow by blow ’ of the slides ( he had about 60 ? of them ? )
One big takeaway I got was that many stations were sited over cement pads and other mineral surfaces that are major heat sinks which then emit heat at night .
raising the ‘ min ’ temps .
This would go a very long way toward explaining why when I do a ‘ temperature rainbow graph ” the summers are not warming but the colder months do and why I see differential trends by month in the dT / dt graphs ( as different heating of the ‘ pad ’ via sun would give differential ‘ warming of the mins ’ by month ) .
One other bit of ‘ eye candy ’ was the FLIR slides at sewage treatment plants .
For those who are not “ well educated in poo ” let me point out that treatment plants treat it via oxidation .
Releasing one heck of a lot of heat .
They are made of lots of concrete and have a load of water and “ stuff ” releasing a lot of heat .
They also raise the humidity , so will cause a lag of temperature drops when you hit the dew point and all that humidity releases energy while forming dew .
So , nothing like seeing an egg yolk yellow “ facility ” on a FLIR ( indicating lots of IR radiation and lots of heat ) and your thermometer sitting in the middle of it …
Ross McKitrick
Back to track 1 , ( and missing a presentation I also wanted to see on short term trends in observations vs climate models in track 2 … )
Another carefully crafted analysis of models vs reality .
There was so much care and such a well done nature to the presentation that I can’t possibly do justice to it .
Lets just say that Ross showed in no uncertain terms that the data from several sources agree , but the models fail to match .
So it ’s the models that are wrong and are the outliers .
The models tend to demand a very strongly heating Tropical Troposphere and we just are not getting it .
So core assumptions and behaviours of the models are simply and utterly wrong .
Models can not be used to prove other models .
Gary Sharp ?
We then got a bonus of a video clip that I think was presented by Gary Sharp .
It showed the heat / cold cycling of water in the pacific over decades as El Niño comes and goes .
How to put a movie into words ?
Not well …
But you see the warm and cold moving and swirling and you start to see patterns , one is that it drifts north over time .
The Punch Lines being that that heat reaches the Arctic going past Alaska about 18 years after generation in the Pacific .
So the warming in 2008 melting ice comes from a 1990 hot Pacific .
None of the models allow for that time lag and “ If you do n’t have that in your model , your model is broken ” .
( as a pretty good paraphrase ) .
In Conclusion
I think you can see from these short descriptions just how much is going on here .
The number of new insights per day is in some ways stunning .
Nagging questions like “ Why are only some winter months ‘ warming ’ ? ” and “ Why is Arctic ice reducing when the Arctic air has been cooling for a couple of years ? ” answered in every session .
Even “ Should I buy that Florida Condo ? ” 8 -)
Well , enough for now .
Time to try to sleep …
Again …
Will you turn blue ?
Yesterday David Cameron told Guardian readers that the Conservatives were now the party of progress and radical policies and urged them to " overcome any prejudices " against the Tories .
But were you convinced ?
We have not been effective at telling the public , ' yes , we made a mistake ' , but that does not change the fact that the glaciers are melting Dr Rajendra Pachauri , IPCC chairman
The head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) has said the organisation needs to learn from recent criticisms and modernise its workings .
But despite making an error over Himalayan glacier melt in its landmark 2007 report , the panel 's basic conclusions remain sound , he said .
Rajendra Pachauri was speaking at the opening session of a UN - commissioned review into the IPCC 's workings .
The review is due to hear from some of the IPCC 's critics in coming months .
Dr Pachauri admitted his organisation had been ill - prepared and ill - resourced to deal with the recent criticism it has received .
" We have to listen and learn all the time and evolve in a manner that meets the needs of society across the world , " Dr Pachauri told the review panel .
While the IPCC admits to including an erroneous date by which Himalayan glaciers might disappear in its 2007 Fourth Assessment report , Dr Pachauri said : " We have not been effective at telling the public , 'yes , we made a mistake but that does not change the fact that the glaciers are melting ' . "
And he rebutted accusations made in some newspapers and websites that the IPCC 's intentions have been other than honest .
" I 'm afraid these allegations of corruption and malfeasance are completely misplaced and distorted , " he told BBC News .
" But we have to make sure we do our best and live up to the expectations of the public and of governments , which are basically our masters . "
Friends and foes
Back in February , the IPCC suggested setting up an independent review , feeling that its 20 - year - old rules and working practices perhaps needed an overhaul , and also feeling it was perhaps ill - equipped to counter the heat of unprecedented political attention in the wake of " Himalayagate " and the release of emails stolen from the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit .
We will try to put together some public sessions of those who are I would say ' thoughtful critics ' - very very respectable and highly thought of scientists with criticisms of the organisation Professor Harold Shapiro , IPCC review chairman
Governments endorsed the idea ; and in March , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon commissioned the review from the InterAcademy Council , an international umbrella body for science academies such as the UK's Royal Society .
The council established a 12 - strong review panel , chaired by US economist Professor Harold Shapiro , a former advisor to both Presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton .
" We 're neither friend nor foe , " he told BBC News .
" We 're a neutral body ; most of us have never participated in the IPCC , but all of us have been part of organisations where quality control is an issue ; and we have experience in dealing with that , and we hope that experience can help the IPCC . "
After Dr Pachauri 's presentation , the panel heard from senior UN figures including Janos Pasztor , director of Mr Ban 's climate change support team .
" Nothing that has been alleged in recent press reports or from hacked emails has altered the consensus on climate change , " he said .
" However , as the IPCC embarks on its fifth assessment report , it 's important that … the potential for future errors is minimised . "
One of the areas in which the IPCC has come in for criticism concerns its use of data from non-peer - reviewed sources such as the WWF report in which originated the erroneous Himalayan melting date of 2035 .
But Dr Pachauri said the organisation had to use such sources - sometimes they were all that was available .
It was just that on this occasion , its strict procedures had not been followed .
" The media and several other people have completely misunderstood the need for using non peer - reviewed literature , " he said .
" The loose term that 's used is ' grey literature ' as though this is grey muddied water flowing down the drains .
" But I 'd like to highlight what non-peer - reviewed literature constitutes : reports from the International Energy Agency , the OECD , the UN Food and Agriculture Organization , the World Bank , the Asian Development Bank ... and some NGOs - there are some highly prestigious NGOS that are doing detailed academic work , and you cannot ignore this . "
Thought sought
Professor Shapiro said that in due course , the review panel would hear more critical testimony .
" We will not have time to hear from every critic of the IPCC , " he said .
" But we will try to put together some public sessions of those who are I would say ' thoughtful critics ' - very very respectable and highly thought of scientists with criticisms of the organisation - we definitely want to hear that . "
In addition , the panel 's website invites comments from anyone .
The panel , which comprises eminent scientists and economists from both the developed and developing worlds including Nobel prize - winning ozone chemist Mario Molina , has until the end of August to prepare its report .
Its conclusions will be peer - reviewed before being presented at the IPCC's October meeting , the point at which Dr Pachauri and his team are due to finalise plans for the fifth assessment report , due in 2013 .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
The Deepwater Horizon BP Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico is a massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster .
It ’s implications could be devastating : in the damages it could impose on the region ’s economy , and in terms of the scars it will impress upon the Gulf states ’ ecology .
For the citizens of the Gulf , the BP Oil Spill has jeopardized the livelihoods of thousands of Americans who live throughout the region , and participate in the far - reaching exchange of its industries .
The President has been clear from the beginning : his Administration will not rest until the leak is contained and cleaned up and we will aggressively pursue full compensation for damages from BP and other responsible parties .
That is why , this morning , the President sent a legislative package to Congress that will enable the BP Oil Spill response to continue expeditiously , speed assistance to people affected by this spill , and strengthen and update the oil spill liability system to better address catastrophic events .
And while the President ’s proposal will ask for additional funds in some cases , the federal government will not relent in pursuing full compensation for the expenses it has incurred , and for damage caused by the spill .
The Gulf Coast is one of our planet ’s richest and most precious ecosystems .
Its richness comes not just from its economic importance , but also its refuge to this nation ’s natural wealth – our coral reefs , seashores , and unique wildlife that have drawn millions of tourists to the region and supported a vibrant commercial and recreational fishery over generations .
We will continue to do everything in our power to protect this treasure , to rebuild what has been destroyed , and to seek compensation from those responsible .
To learn more about the President ’s proposed legislation , please visit this site :
Carol Browner is Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change
Robyn Williams :
This time , a special on the critics of climate science .
Only this week , the president of the Royal Society of London Martin Rees on a visit to Australia told us once more that mainstream science is in agreement ; climate is changing , it 's due to us and we need to worry .
But why is this attitude , confirmed by leaders of academies and researchers in the field , so much disputed by so - called sceptics ?
Let me take you to a symposium set up by the American Association for the Advancement of Science especially to illuminate this quandary with facts .
Five speakers , and the first is Riley Dunlap from Oklahoma State University , on science books .
Riley Dunlap : Back in the ' 80s there were only a couple of years , in the '90s we miss a few years , sort of a reasonably consistent flow and we get in the 2000s , and there 's just been an explosion in these books quite recently .
If we do it by decade it jumps out at you more .
We 've jumped up to 64 books espousing some version of climate change denial since 2000 .
Several of these books are bestsellers .
On Amazon , you find them in Borders , Barnes & Noble , Hastings , they 're carried by the Conservative Book Club , they reach a large audience .
Now , the key issue ; how many of these books are linked to conservative think - tanks ?
It turns out to be 78 % .
What you see here originally almost all were .
I 'm going to give you some insight into where these come from .
The first thing we coded is does the author , editor have a PhD and , if so , in what field ?
So these are books authored by people with a PhD in a natural science field .
It does n't have to be climatology , it can be physics , biology , you name it .
Do they have a PhD ?
And what you see of course is a real tendency toward the end here for more and more books to be published by non-scientists .
And that sort of reflected , in '89 we had the three famous physicists from the Marshall Institute , Scientific Perspectives on the Greenhouse Effect , nowadays you get titles like this ; Red Hot Lies , Christopher Horner , who is an attorney for the Competitive Enterprise Institute , New York Times bestselling author .
Okay , now we get some insight here .
We now distinguish between natural science PhDs , a PhD in another discipline , and no PhD .
What of course you can see is the lowest connection to think - tanks are down here among people without PhDs .
In addition , a main source of books these days are self - published books , Author Press et cetera , Author House , I think it 's called , anyone can publish a book .
And another thing that 's going on is a lot of these books are self - published and these are the folks who are n't affiliated with the think - tank .
I found one , a retired real estate agent in British Columbia , he started writing books after he retired and he decided to do one on climate change because it 's a hoax et cetera .
There 's another kind of diffusion .
Not only is climate change diffused away from the scientific community into the society at large but it 's diffused geographically .
We see originally most books primarily published in the US , it 's still that we 're the greatest source , but the UK is second , but now we 're getting quite a flood from places especially like Australia and Canada where you have two things ; you have a lot of contrarians and you have some very active think - tanks .
Mainstream climate science ... if we 're going to look at what 's in these books we might say comes to , in the most simplistic way , three points ; global warming is occurring , human activities are producing greenhouse gas emissions that contribute , and warming will produce harmful impacts on humans and other systems , and as a result many people argue that we need some kind of policies .
The denier , sceptic response is ... basically , in order to undermine climate science , they take issues with each of these three points , and you can see this in media , congressional debates et cetera , or on Fox News .
The first thing is ; is global warming occurring ?
' Trend scepticism ' we call it , I could n't change that to ' denial ' .
This still holds up .
You see a lot of edits not going away but you do see a lot of books that do n't question the trend .
However , ' are humans contributing ? '
You see that that 's the predominant thing , and a lot of these books do n't get into that because they deny it 's occurring to start with .
Then you get impact ; will it have a deleterious impact ?
And , again , you see that most books certainly question that .
A lot of these books do n't deal with impacts because they think it 's an unreal , it can't have impacts because they deny it 's occurring .
Finally there 's the lay scepticism .
In addition to all the above , ' should we be doing anything ? '
And you see this as the really consistent thing , that most books , ' no matter what , do n't pass legislation , do n't pass treaties ' .
And , again , these four books are likely to not deal with that because it 's all a hoax anyway .
So , over time , the counter claims to the IPCC issued by climate change deniers , especially the contrarian scientists , have changed in response to growing evidence of global warming .
' It 's not occurring , it 's naturally caused , it wo n't be that harmful . '
However , the bottom line remains the same , ' no regulations ' .
This reflects the near universal conservative ideology behind all versions of climate change denial .
Conservative think - tanks , obviously with corporate support that we 'll hear about , have greatly amplified the work of contrarian scientists .
They 've recently been joined by conservative media , Limbaugh , Fox , conservative politicians , Inhofe , most Republicans these days with the exception of Lindsey Graham , and especially the blogosphere in waging an all - out war in climate change science .
We can add undermining climate change policy to the policy impacts that we started out with of conservative think - tanks .
Thank you very much .
Robyn Williams : That was Riley Dunlap from Oklahoma State University .
Next William Freudenburg who is a professor of environment and society at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
And before he gets going , a question ; when do you think the last time ... the last date that average global temperatures went down ?
Professor Freudenburg :
William Freudenburg : So , are you getting good and depressed now ?
What 's a good scientist to do ?
Well , maybe pay a little attention in a different way .
Usually at a AAAS meeting when there 's any talk about the connections between science and society it's in the old framework of public understanding of science .
How well is the information getting to society ?
There 's less attention to what some sociology and philosophy of science people have written about , about how scientists are affected by society .
When you get outside of the halls of the AAAS , there 's plenty of attention , especially in the United States , and it 's almost all bad : JunkScience.com , which was set up by someone who used to fight the so - called junk science on cigarette smoking ; American Thinker ... they lie ; ClimateSceptic.com , ClimateSceptics.org , which looks a lot like Wikipedia , does n't it .
Then blizzards happen and of course we conclude from this ... Inhofe is out there building an igloo ... that if it snows in Washington DC that proves that the global climate is getting colder .
You 've got some very conservative outlets that pick up the trope and repeat it that scientists are hiding evidence , and eventually it quite often gets into relatively mainstream media such as CNN .
' Is this a trick or is this the truth ? '
And you find a few important scientists saying that every error exaggerated the impact of change .
That 's a testable hypothesis .
The Heartland Institute is one of the right - wing think - tanks that Riley talked about , asking ' can 19,000 scientists be wrong ? '
Number one , that 's a very loose definition of ' scientists ' that they use .
And number two , a journalist Ross Gelbspan almost 15 years ago started saying ' they sure can be ' .
What we 've got here is a persistent and well funded campaign of denial .
And you heard from Dr Dunlap that that campaign is going on today .
Some of his other research that you did n't hear about , an earlier study he did with Jacques and Freeman , found 141 books expressing scepticism about anything environmental .
And in that earlier study , 92 % of the books were from conservative think - tanks .
And this is not by any subtle way of doing the math , either the author worked for it , they published it , or both .
In essence , there would not be a so - called scepticism literature if it were not for the work of some well funded , hard working , skilled in PR , conservative think - tanks .
There 's another way of thinking about it that was first pointed out , I believe , by an environmental historian Paul Hirt who looked at the history of estimates of how many logs you could successful cut off the US national forests .
What he reports in this books is that the people who had money to spend on research were always happier when the estimates were higher , but he also pointed out that when someone came up with new scientific findings indicating that maybe those currently reigning estimates were too high , they would be attacked by some of the best people in the business .
So the official estimates of how many board feet we could cut were well over 20 billion board - feet per year .
The actual levels rarely even got half that high , 10 billion , and most scientists who look at the trees cut today say the real number is probably around 3,000 or 4,000 board - feet per year .
So we had what Hirt called a conspiracy of optimism , except if you read his book he said it 's not really a conspiracy , what you had was a pattern of funding that included not just money to support research that , for example , questions whether cigarette smoking is bad for you , but instead a consistent pattern of challenging folks who come up with findings in the other direction .
What makes it work , ironically , is that scientists as individuals are committed to fairness .
The old joke says if you have ten scientists in the room you 'll have at least 20 explanations for whatever is going on .
And they 'll listen carefully to any explanation from this side of the lunatic fringe and maybe a couple more .
But because of that you get a biased outcome .
Biased not in the sense of individual prejudice but in the sense of systematic error in the overall assessment .
This is the asymmetry of scientific challenge .
A simple way to think about it is that if you 've got an ocean liner trying to go straight across the ocean and you have tug boats pushing at it only on one side , over time , even if it 's imperceptible at the start , you will be pushed over to the side .
A more science - based way to think about it is that it's as hard to publish a new study that says , well , I found just about what everybody else found as it is to get that into a newspaper .
The articles that get published are the ones that say ' it 's worse than we though before ' or ' it 's better than we thought before ' .
And that happens all the time , that 's science , that 's part of science being self - correcting .
But the difference is if whenever anyone comes up with a finding that global warming is more serious than we thought before , that gets attacked by some of the sharpest knives in the drawer .
And if there is someone who comes up with a new finding and says ' hey , it 's not so bad ' , that person gets invited to the annual convention of whatever association it is to give a luncheon speech and to get praise for his path - breaking new research .
What that means is that the findings showing that climate disruption is serious wind up having been very thoroughly vetted , they 've had to go through the mill , and the ones on the other side do n't have to be able to be as strong to be accepted , to be part of the body of science that has not been challenged .
So the net effect is that the very process of spending so much time worrying about whether scientists are exaggerating climate change , you 're best bet , if this asymmetry of scientific challenge hypothesis is correct , is that the net effect will be that he IPCC will be biased but in exactly the opposite direction of what everybody has been worried about .
So the usual pattern that you hear about , at least if you live in this country , is that scientists in general and the IPCC in particular have overstated the problem , they 're a bunch of Al Gore weirdos that wo n't be happy until the whole American economy gets shut down !
The other side of it is that the opposite prediction is actually the true one , and that the scientific consensus and the IPCC understate the true problem , not just because scientists are always conservative but also because of this asymmetry of scientific challenge .
So how do you test that ?
I 'm going to give you three quick approaches .
One is Seth Borenstein , one of the reporters who is still working today who knows something about science and climate ... when was the last month that global temperatures were below average ?
Anyone remember ?
A global long - term average .
The answer is February 1994 by three ten - thousandths of one degree , it was really close but it was below average .
That 's 192 consecutive months .
Those of you who know anything about flipping coins , will it be hotter or colder ?.. know that basically what you have is a binomial random variable , and if you 're really good at doing the math you 'll know that to get heads 192 times in a row you have a probability with ( if I 've typed that correctly ) 58 zeros before you get to the first one .
Now imagine !
You 've just flipped a coin that 's come up heads 192 times in a row and you 're being accused of having a coin that 's loaded to come up tails .
That 's really pretty spectacular .
By the way , if you do n't think that three ten - thousandths of one degree is enough , the last time when temperature was one one - hundredth of a degree Celsius below average , below the long - term average on a global scale was , guess what , a quarter of a century ago right now ; 300 consecutive months .
To do that you need about 90 zeros .
The probability is less than ... if you have 100 zeros does that make it a googolplex ?
It 's a bigger number than I know what to call it , but 90 zeros in a row .
That 's the probability that the globe is really getting colder instead of hotter .
That 's the real probability .
Straightforward .
The second approach .
Science , we know , is self - correcting over time .
The best way to figure out whether science of time A is wrong or right is to look at what subsequent scientific work shows .
It turns out that the IPCC itself is probably the most respectable way to get at that , and it shows modest support for this asymmetry of scientific challenge hypothesis , less so when you 're talking about predictions for what will happen by the year 2000 , a bit more when you 're talking about measured changes in temperature over time .
But we all know that anything associated with the IPCC in any way gets attacked savagely as not being credible .
So a third test , also working on the fact that science tends to be self - correcting over time , is to take advantage of some other work by Max Boykoff who found that if you look at the prestige newspapers of the US ; Washington Post , LA Times , Wall Street Journal ; there was a clear bias .
At the very same time when Naomi Oreskes ' work was showing that basically all scientists with any credentials in climate science were saying it 's real , it 's happening and humans are part of the cause , over half of the report in these prestige newspapers said there 's a lot of controversy in science , they can't figure it out .
With my student Violetta Muselli we decided , hey , if what you want is not a fair test but a conservative test , one that starts out with a data source that the contrarians should be really happy about because the contrarians are getting their point of view into the newspapers whereas the scientists are not , what we 'll do is to look at the same four newspapers but we 'll look at what the journalists call science stories .
And this is something ... we cheated , we talked to journalists and said , ' Why is this , you 're quoting all these politicians . '
And their answer is , ' Well , for us , global climate change has become a policy story .
So first you give ' the IPCC reported today that the figure will be 17.3 ' and then you might give a quote from an environmentalist .
You 'll certainly give a quote from the American Enterprise Institute or somebody who hates environmentalists , and that 's supposed to be balanced .
But a science story , ' Nature today published an article saying that permafrost is melting faster than we thought ' , the quotes for context will come not from politicians but from other scientists .
Frankly the think - tanks , as you saw , do n't have the scientific expertise to have somebody who could comment knowledgably on individual new studies .
Also the science journalists have very different rolodexes , they have real scientists in their rolodexes , if they still have rolodexes .
We also looked at the hottest and the coldest months of the year .
The journalists told us that editors would rather see a policy story because that 's sexier to have politicians arguing than to have scientists arguing .
I do n't know why that would be .
But if you want to get a science story in you 'd better look at months when it's hot or cold , that makes it more topical .
And we looked both at the time period that was covered by the Boycoffs and at the period after the Nobel Prize .
What we found is whether you look at direct effects of global warming or implications of global warming , there are no significant variations .
Overall what you find is there are over 20 times as many new scientific findings being reported in these newspapers that do n't like to report that global warming is happening as there are reports saying it 's not as bad as we thought .
So if you put together the work of Naomi Oreskes , looking at the scientific literature , she found that roughly 75 % agreed that the scientific consensus is correct .
Nobody said it 's not happening .
Boykoff and Boykoff in their policy stories on climate in these same four newspapers , the majority of the findings said either that it 's no big deal or else the findings are in debate .
What we find is that 85 % of all the stories about new and emerging science since whatever is the latest IPCC assessment at the time of the article show that conditions are worse that we thought .
It 's a factor of 23:1 in favour of the science is getting worse as opposed to a factor of 10:1 in the opposite direction , which is what you 'd think if you looked at Max Boykoff 's findings .
So the traditional way that the public thinks about findings , of course , is that it 's black or white , and , if so , the science based policy is easy .
Of course if you know anything about science , if you 've read any science journals in any field in the last ten years you know that there are three possibilities ; yes , no or maybe , but almost every single article ends not by saying ' I have definitively proved and nobody should ever look at this again ' but instead by saying ' further research is required ' .
In other words , most scientific work winds up in that grey area .
Lobbyists are smarter about this than we are .
They figure that if 90 % of the findings come down that ' well , it 's a grey area ' and if they can jigger the policies so that they win , so long as the answer is ' maybe ' , then over 95 % of the time they can get exactly what they want .
That gives us this name , ' Scientific Certainty Argumentation Methods ' .
If the world is not a certain one , if science is not certain , but if you can use Scientific Certainty Argumentation Methods ( SCAMs for short ) you can win an awful lot of the time .
We 've documented in our other work in lead in gasoline , certainly in cigarettes , in the Toxic Substances Control Act , the asbestos ... the 100,000 - page record , by the way , was deemed by one federal judge ( 100 - plus studies over ten years ) to be insufficient for regulating asbestos .
Do you all know asbestos ?
You have n't proved that it 's dangerous ?
The Food Quality Protection Act , the Farm Bureau says this is a tremendous threat to American agriculture , and in 15 years that Act has banned one or two chemicals .
But global warming is really the champion of all cases because you have spectacular levels of scientific reinforcements , scientific endorsement that most of us can only dream about , and yet you have a small number of economically based interests saying that more research is required .
It seems as though in the newspapers in the United States only the cartoonists have figured this out ; that balanced reporting means we 'll report the side that 's reported by the facts and the side that 's not supported by the facts .
So overall for scientists , the implication ... we need to be more sceptical about those new studies coming out saying ' well , it 's not so bad ' .
For the mass media we 're in time for a new era of coverage .
If you decide to cover the ideological think - tanks at all after the American Enterprise Institute has already announced publicly that they 'll pay $ 10,000 for any scientist who will write something that says ' hey , it is n't so bad , this is why I 'm sceptical ' , if you want to cover them at all , what is worth covering is the tactics that these right - wing think - tanks are using .
If you really want to report the conflict like a good journalist : ' On the one hand this , on the other hand that ' , the true other side , the scientifically credible other side on global warming issues is not that it's not happening but that either it's as bad as the IPCC says or else it 's worse .
Thank you .
Robyn Williams : William Freudenburg is a professor of environment and society at the University of California , Santa Barbara , and he was speaking at a specially convened symposium at the AAAS in San Diego on the origins of the climate dispute .
Next , an historian of science , Naomi Oreskes of the University California , San Diego .
Naomi Oreskes :
Thank you all for coming , it 's great to see so many people here .
I want to address really the question of what to do about all this and what the scientific community could do and some of the reasons why it seems to be that the scientific community has not been so effectual in countering some of these sceptical , contrarian , denialist claims .
As we all know , everyone in this room now recognises for a long time now , really for more than 20 years , a big gap between the scientific understanding of anthropogenic global warming and the way the American people see the question .
There are lots of polls that we can cite but one that I 've always liked a lot is Anthony Leiserowitz 's work where back in 2007 he and his colleagues were able to show that 72 % of Americans were completely or mostly convinced that global warming was happening .
So that was the good news of his study .
The bad news was that nearly half thought that scientists were still arguing .
So this big gap between what was going on in the scientific community where a clear consensus had emerged about global warming , and the way the American people viewed it , not surprisingly given everything we 've just seen about press coverage .
So , as we all know , the IPCC had already declared in the fourth assessment that warming was unequivocal , but it 's not just the fourth assessment .
As an historian I 've tried for a number of years now to place this work in context and to really argue that it 's really important for us to understand the scientific consensus but it 's equally if not more important to understand how that consensus emerged and what it 's based on scientifically , what kinds of work have led to scientists having this consensus .
And in fact what we see is there 's actually a very long history of scientific agreement on this subject that 's come in stages or waves , but I like to think of it as dating back to 1979 when the US National Academy of Sciences first declared in a press release 'a plethora of studies from diverse sources indicates a consensus that climate changes will result from man 's combustion of fossil fuels and changes in land use . '
There 's been a lot of fuss about the word ' consensus ' and some people have attacked me and said , ' Well , science is n't about consensus , it 's about argument , ' but actually science is about consensus , and the National Academy of Sciences chose that word advisedly because they were trying to point out that there was agreement among the experts who were working on this question that global warming was to be expected , based on basic scientific principles and the limited climate modelling that had been done to that time , that one would expect global warming to occur as a consequence of , again , greenhouse gases and changes in land use .
Of course as we all know in 1995 that predicted warming became detectible , so scientists had made a clear prediction by ' 95 , they believed that that prediction was coming true , and as we all know the 1995 Second Assessment Report declared that the balance of evidence suggest discernable human influence on global climate .
But Americans do n't just think that scientists are still debating .
Again , as some of our other colleagues have pointed out , they also , many of them , at least 40 % , maybe 50 % , depending upon which poll you look at ... public opinion is extremely fickle and goes up and down with whatever the latest events in the news are ... but about 40 % to 50 % do seem to still think that if there is warming it can be explained by natural variability .
Again , what I call blaming the sun .
And of course again this is in contrast to the scientific evidence , in AR4 the IPCC explicitly said ' it is extremely unlikely that global climate change in the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing ' .
So we have this big gap between public opinion and what the scientific community has been trying to communicate for a long time .
And , as we all know , in recent months the public opinion has taken a turn for the worse .
So the question that I 've been interested in is , why is there such a gap between scientific knowledge and public perception ?
I think we know that one reason for sure is that the balanced framework that so many journalists rely on unduly weighs outlier views .
So we 've talked about that a lot already , but it seems to me there is an important point for this audience which is how scientists think about the problem .
Actually most scientists , it seems to me , do n't spend most of their time really worrying about the balance framework in the media , what they worry about more or what they invoke if you ask them why the public are confused is what we historians and sociologists would call the deficit model .
That is to say , we tend to assume that the public are confused because they have a deficit of scientific knowledge , education and cognitive skills .
That is to say that they 're scientifically illiterate .
So if the problem is a deficit , then the remedy for it is a surfeit .
So it seems to me that the scientific community has succumbed to or fallen into or pursued what I would call a supply side response .
You see this all around , including very much so in our society here today , that we try to supply good information with public outreach efforts , K - 12 science education and various statements on web pages .
That is to say , efforts to supply the necessary information .
And there are many examples of this , but since we 're here at AAAS , one of my favourites is our AAAS Press Room which recently hosted a Climate Change Town Hall .
If you actually read this web page you find it 's filled with fantastic information , but how many people are going to really read this , how many people are going to take the time , how many people in the public even know that we have a AAAS Press Room ?
That 's just one example , there are many more I can give you that are even more boring and dull to look at than that one .
AAAS is actually one of the better ones , many of the others are catastrophically boring and tedious and almost impossible for a person to understand if they do n't have a PhD .
But irrespective of the bad graphics , I think we know empirically that the supply side model has failed .
But moreover , and the point I 'd really like to make when we think about this as a scientific community , is that I think that the supply side model is itself unscientific because it flies in the face of the evidence of what we know about what we 're doing .
So all of the polls clearly show us that whatever it is we 've done has not been effective , our message has not gotten through to the American people .
In fact a completely different message has gotten through which is that scientists are arguing , that there is still a lot of scientific uncertainty , that more research is needed , and that a lot of what we 're seeing can be explained by natural variability .
So in my own work I 've tried to understand how and why this other alternative message , this message of uncertainty and doubt , has gotten through .
And the short answer is , well , because for the past 30 years the American people have been subject to a very organised and systematic campaign to spread that alternative message .
And , as some people have already noted , that campaign had its root in the tobacco industry effort to challenge the science that showed the dangers of tobacco , and that model that the tobacco industry successfully used was applied to acid rain , ozone and global warming .
This is documented with my new book with my wonderful co-author Erik Conway , and this will be coming out from Bloomsbury Press in May , so I hope you 'll all read it .
What I want to do today is to give one example that 's actually not in the book , but an example of how this alternative message was spread in the early 1990s , and that is an example that comes from the Western Fuels Association , a coal industry trade group , and how they tried in the early '90s to spread what they called the good news about global warming .
So if we cast our memories back some of us will remember that in 1992 our first President Bush signed the UN framework convention on climate change .
That convention , to which the United States is a signatory , committed the United States and the other signatories to preventing dangerous anthropogenic interference in the climate system .
In response to this , many things happen .
One of them was that the US coal industry launched a half million - dollar campaign ( and this is just one of many campaigns ) to challenge the scientific evidence regarding global warming .
And they did this ... as I said , Western Fuels was a consortium of coal producers , mainly in the Powder River basin , and they did this by hiring a PR firm , a group known as Bracy Williams & Co , and a set of market researchers , Cambridge Reports , to specifically plan a strategy , to test that strategy , and if it were successful , to implement it .
The number one point of this strategy was to reposition global warming as theory , not fact .
That is to say , it 's just a theory , it 's just an idea , we do n't really know for sure if it 's true .
So step one was to cast doubt on the fact of global warming , and then step two actually was construct it as a bad fact , and to construct it as a bad fact in two senses ; bad in that it was bad news and nobody likes bad news , and also bad in the sense that it was untrue .
So it was both false and something that you did n't want to know .
So they began with a series of ad campaigns which they ran in print media throughout the country but particularly in markets where they thought that people would be sympathetic to this propose .
So they ran ads like this ; ' If the Earth is getting warmer , then why is Kentucky getting colder ? '
It 's the ' why is there a blizzard in Washington DC ' strategy .
And you can see here they have a rather clever thing , they had a little thing where you could fill in your name and address and send this in to get more information and they then used that to build a mailing list of people who would be sympathetic , and then they had this wonderful little logo here with them holding the Earth with a little plant growing out of it .
' Who told you the Earth was warming ? '
Chicken Little , so there 's your alarmism argument .
' Some say the Earth is warming , some also said the Earth was flat . '
So scientists are now cast as the opposite , as the anti-science .
And ' How much are you willing to pay for a problem that may not exist ? '
That 's an argument that we 've seen repeatedly over the last 20 years .
The documents associated with this campaign clearly explain and show ... they illustrate how this all worked .
So they organised public relations tours in combination with this ad campaign and a big part of this public relations tour was to get scientists who could appear on TV , so arrange television appearances by sceptical scientists , usually not climate scientists , but people who had what appeared to be relevant credentials .
To meet with editors and writers to pitch their side of the story , and , then you can see , taping things on radio .
Here 's a calendar that just shows some of what they did in May 1991 in Fargo , North Dakota , and you can see the airwaves saturated for three weeks with this message .
Here 's an example of how it worked .
So they 're going to meet with editors and writers at the Bowling Green Daily News , and then here it is , Bowling Green Daily News , ' Hot Debate , Global Warming , Bowling Green Now Battleground in Heated Global Warming Dispute ' .
I love this , no climate scientist has gone to Bowling Green but yet it's now a battleground in this big dispute .
So here it is being constructed not as a scientific consensus but as a raging debate .
So after doing this test campaign then they analyse the results through focus groups , and they showed that in fact attitude change could be marketed , that people were receptive to attitude change and that you could change how people thought about the question of federal legislation by presenting information of this type .
They particularly found that it worked best if the evidence was presented as facts by technical spokespeople , that is to say people who were scientists or who appeared to be scientists , and therefore that it was essential to recruit scientists to deliver the message .
Of course the tobacco industry had already established that 30 years before but now here they are repeating or reaffirming the same concept .
And so these conclusions , that you needed to recruit scientists , were then incorporated into step two of the campaign , and that was the production of a video called The Greening of Planet Earth :
The effects of carbon dioxide on the biosphere .
This was the second part about the bad facts versus good facts , that they would promote an alternative fact , a good fact , a happy fact , that increased atmospheric CO 2 would be good for the planet because it would enhance plant productivity through CO 2 fertilisation .
Well , basically you can kind of imagine it , but the video then presents scientists , and most of them are n't actually climate scientists , they 're mostly actually agronomists from the US Department of Agriculture making the claim that we know for a fact that carbon dioxide increases agricultural productivity , and in fact not just agricultural productivity but productivity of all plants .
Therefore this will lead to , as they say , ' a tremendous greening of the planet Earth ' , and then triumphant music plays and you see the whole globe ... there 's a picture of a globe , and the whole globe , even the Arctic , the Sahara , the outback of Australia , it all turns green , about the colour of that lady 's shirt .
So it 's a very , very positive message , it 's all good , the scientists are all very kindly - looking , they 're very nice , they 're very calm , and they just tell this good news message over and over again .
It 's only one example .
One reason I like this video is it 's just one tiny example out of a massive campaign that involved many , many other activities , but it illustrates something that I think is important for us to understand , which is to say the contrast in the way that the scientific community has attempted to communicate about global warming with boring websites filled with a lot of technical information that most people find very hard to understand versus the way in which the opponents of scientific information have addressed this .
So we see that in a sense the opponents of scientific information have been more organised , more systematic , and in a weird way more scientific .
They actually studied the problem , they tested it , they ran a campaign , they saw how it worked , and based on the evidence that they got from the test campaign they incorporated those conclusions into this video , which they then distributed to public libraries , university libraries , all across the country .
And you can in fact find this video in the online catalogues of many university and public libraries across the country .
So I would say that they 've been both more scientific , more organised and more aggressive in getting their message out than the scientific community which has generally relied on peer reviewed journals , of course , and , as I said already , boring websites .
It 's just one example but there are many , many more .
So , to conclude , supply side models assume that people are confused because they 're ignorant , but we argue that people may be confused because in fact people have tried to confuse them .
Sometimes the simplest explanation is correct , and as I 've already said , the coal industry in some ways was more scientific about how to change public perception than the scientific community has been .
One of the things we document in the book too is how very often when these misinformation campaigns were taking place they would be reported in the mass media , in the Wall Street Journal , Fortune , Forbes , other places like that , and scientists would respond by publishing detailed explanations of how the science was correct in peer reviewed scientific journals .
And you see this going on right now with this whole climate ... you know , the email hacking .
So you get an unlevel playing field where the accusations , the attempts to undermine science , are published in places where millions of people see it and then the scientific response is published some place where only fellow scientists see it , so it 's kind of preaching to the choir .
But in contrast , the coal industry hired professional PR firms to test their strategies , to see what worked , and use that evidence to structure their communication campaign .
So does this mean that I think that the scientific community should emulate the coal industry ?
Well , probably not .
But it does raise some questions that I think we need to think hard about .
Why are we so unscientific about our own communication ?
Why do n't we study this question and take seriously the evidence that we can develop from the work of professionals who study communication questions ?
Should we hire PR firms to market our views ?
And how would it affect our public stature and credibility if we did ?
Hiring PR firms is probably not the best way to enhance scientific credibility , I 'm not advocating that , but since what the scientific community has been doing in the past has clearly not been effective , it suggests that it might be worth considering some alternatives .
Thank you very much .
Robyn Williams : Naomi Oreskes .
She 's a historian of science from the University of California at San Diego .
Her book on that is out in May .
She mentioned campaigns from the tobacco industry as a model for the present disputes .
Here 's a reminder of what once was being pushed at the highest levels as good science .
[ Excerpt from film Crimes Against Nature showing archival footage from 1994 : Tobacco executives appear before Congress giving testimony , declaring their belief that nicotine is not addictive .
This despite data from the Centre from Disease Control showing that 430,000 died each year from tobacco smoke . ]
Robyn Williams :
Our final speaker , well known in Australia , is Professor Stephen Schneider from Stanford , the man who once predicted that the Earth may have been cooling , and then he looked further and changed his view because the calculations revealed the opposite .
His latest book is Science as a Contact Sport .
Stephen Schneider :
So we 're going to talk about the issue of scepticism .
I 'm going to start right out now ; what 's the difference between scepticism and denial ?
There 's no such thing as a good scientist who is n't a sceptic .
I changed my opinion in 1970 from cooling to warming , published it first , it 's one of my proudest moments in science because we found , as the evidence accumulated , that there were a number of reasons , it 's all explained in chapter one of Science as a Contact Sport , and I still have to hear things from those famous climate professors , the ones that publish all the papers in the referee journals , professors Limbaugh and Will , you know , about how ... ' Oh Schneider , he 's just an environmentalist for all temperatures ' , it 's a great line !
But the idea of maintaining political consistency when the evidence changes is what I would call either closed - minded or lying , there really is n't any other opportunity to describe it any other way .
That , Naomi , is part of the problem , is that scientific people inhabit this culture , and that culture is you 're supposed to have full disclosure .
Well , full disclosure does n't really work in a sound bite system , and in science it 's not okay to try to give partial accountings , and that is certainly not the case in the advocacy world .
The purpose in the advocacy world is to win for the client or the ideology .
In science that is a quick ticket to not getting funded , not getting promoted and not getting your papers accepted .
So you do n't start with a level playing field because the two epistemologies of advocacy and science are so diametrical that it therefore is actually career counterproductive for scientists to try to act in the same behavioural way that the opponents do .
To me , to summarise where I 'm going , it used to be the media understood that until they fired most of their specialists , followed a business model of focus group based ratings where the three basic things are titillation ( which we heard , get that debate going ) , no complexity and no anti-patriotism .
How about the truth ?
Where 's the fourth estate ?
How about trying to balance ?
Scientists are pretty incompetent at doing that because all the incentives , unless you 're at my age or you 're crazy and do n't care what your colleagues think , you just go out there and tell it , very few scientists will do that because the incentives are so strong against it , especially young people pre-tenure .
So let 's go on and ask , how do you communicate ?
Well , you communicate in metaphor .
So there 's a metaphor ; a trial .
The jury 's still out .
So there are two kinds of trials .
Criminal ... what 's the standard of evidence ?
Beyond a reasonable doubt .
When I was on a jury once I asked the judge ... and there are many scientists who just reject that out of hand because they 're toilet trained to have data , but what of the future , how much data in the future , guys ?
How about zero ?
Therefore you are by definition subjective and what you do is construct a model on objective data .
You use the model to make projections under alternative assumptions , and the analysis and the reason we have in IPCC and an NRC and a Royal Society is you need a large community of people , not individuals , to try to determine the relative credibility of those models under disturbed conditions from which they were derived .
And that 's exactly where we get back to risk management which is how do you decide what risks to take in face of these risks , understanding that if the risks are based only on data they can be objective but when they 're based upon models constructed from data , that they 're not .
In fact it always makes me laugh to hear circumspect scientists , especially physicists who know nothing about climate , coming in and telling us , ' I do n't believe in models . '
Oh sure , so what do you believe in ?
' Well , I look at the data . '
Well , as soon as you 've associated two pieces of data you 're a modeller , you 're just a lousy modeller because it 's so much better to be explicit in varied parameters you 're unsure about than to sit there and assume that you can just extrapolate that kind of stuff .
Or the alternative , say nothing and let the society fall into traps .
Most of us would rather not do that .
All right , back to the metaphor .
When I was on a jury I really asked the judge , I said , ' Tell me , what 's the probability of a reasonable doubt ? '
And he just looked at me like I was crazy , like ' why did we let this guy in the jury ? ' and he said , ' Well , that 's for the jury to decide . '
So I asked my lawyer friends in Stanford and other places , ' What 's the probability ...' and they said , ' That 's for the jury to decide .
I said , c'mon guys ... what 's the probability of an error , you know , one minus the other ?
And they said , ' We do n't like to think about that . '
C'mon , good judge , good jury , how often are they wrong ? ' 1 % . '
So it 's 99 % , not a bad criterion .
In the IPCC we call that ' exceptionally likely ' , we even have words for it , and all of our words like ' likely ' and ' confidence ' are linked to a subjective probability scale and unlike anything you will find in blogs in op - eds or in front of Congress , so that 's how we operate .
So I said , ' What about a bad judge , bad jury ? '
' Well , I do n't know , 90 % . '
I hope to hell it 's not a capital trial .
Anyhow , so they do n't deal directly in probability .
We do .
Another cultural divide that has to be dealt with , because the biggest oxymoron to me is this ridiculous phrase I hear all the time called ' let 's make an exact science of it ' .
' Exact science ' is almost virtually by definition an oxymoron .
We 're a profession of refinements , and if you work long enough you stop working on gravity because you know it 's pretty well established with all the experiments and theory you need .
Believe me , it 's the same for the greenhouse effect .
Anyhow , what 's the other trial ?
Standard of evidence , preponderance .
More likely than not .
By that standard we 've had global warming since 1970 and probably since the mid ' 80s , preponderance on anthropogenic component .
So we 're fighting somewhere between the 99 and the other , and IPCC recently said that it was very likely , meaning more than 90 % , that humans were part of the last 50 years , and that actually is conservative , as somebody said .
Okay , so it 's preponderant .
So the difference between a sceptic and a denier is a sceptic is questioning every component of a problem but when there 's an accumulated preponderance of evidence you do n't deny it .
If you deny it then either you do n't know the literature or frankly you 're a liar , and that is exactly what I think Naomi and others were trying to say , because if you are in preponderance denial then you have no understanding of systems analysis .
Systems analysis is not like test tube science , it is not a controlled experiment where you can pick up that glass and test your hypothesis of acid or base with one experiment .
We do n't falsify in systems science , we work on preponderance .
You falsify by a community effort taking place over 25 years when Spencer and Christy misled the world on why the atmosphere was cooling based upon their satellite reconstruction .
And I never minded that , science is tough and they tried it and they were first , they were pioneers , that was fine .
What I minded about those guys was that they not only insisted they were right with high degree of accuracy but that the guys who were wrong were doing it on purpose , and you can find that in their blogs .
And then it turned out they forget satellites fly in a proton soup , slows them down , lowers them , changes the angle of the orbit and that 's why they had a false cooling trend .
Did they come out and admit that ?
Did Congressman Barton , like he did to Mike Mann , pull them up there and demand they show every email and everything they ever did ?
It 's completely asymmetric , as we heard , and why is the media not covering that story ?
That 's the story .
This is a story of the politics of denial and the use of power to abuse that by pretending that balance is a basis for something when in fact the only doctrine that 's true is not balance where you quote the outliers , it 's perspective where you quote everybody and you report the relative credibility on each of those positions based upon the long established preponderances which are determined not by individuals but by large groups that are reviewed .
And that 's very , very lousy headline - making and very poor titillation , it 's just good truth .
Anyhow , the last chapter of the book ( I wo n't wave it again ) used to be called ' Can Democracy Survive Complexity ? ' and my National Geographic editors told me that was too downer , so it 's now called ' What Keeps Me Up at Night ' .
But climate change is just one issue , it 's one issue .
Same thing in health care , same thing in strategic defence , same thing in education .
Anyhow , the problem is that it's not just the media , I yelled at the media , but how about us ?
What do scientists do ?
Nobody is paid to sit there and repeat what we already know , and it was already said by one of you that it 's pretty hard to get ' same old , same old ' in there .
So you 've got to do something new , no matter how irrelevant , or you have to say it ai n't so .
I 've got to be real blunt ; how many old men who have nothing to do with climate science are out there saying it ain't so and getting coverage in the newspaper when they would have no prayer based on anything they 're still capable of doing ?
There are a lot of reasons why this goes on .
Why are they being covered ?
Who cares what a petroleum geologist thinks about climate ?
They 're as competent to discuss climate as I am horizontal drilling .
They are not experts , they do n't belong in that debate .
Where I am not an expert is how should society react to that given the limited resources we have for curing poverty , and health and security , that 's a legitimate debate where everybody has an equal opinion because that 's a value judgement .
It is not a legitimate debate to argue over the details of something which requires a high entry barrier of expertise .
Why do you think the media , in my opinion , have grabbed on these three IPCC errors so far ?
This disinformation engine is investing all that money and all they could do is find three ?
I 'm more arrogant .
I think if I took my best students and you gave me a month I think we could probably find ten , maybe even 20 .
But there 's about ( I have n't counted them ) 1,000 conclusions roughly in a report , 1,000 pages , one a page , something in that order .
Anybody reported the real story which is that despite the fact this is a human institution with 200 people from many countries , two rounds of review and review editors which keeps the error rate low , it 's still a human institution , you 're going to have errors , and they 're not acceptable and we 're going to work out ways to have an even lower probability next time .
And stating that a glacier is going to melt in 2035 does n't pass a scientific laugh test .
If I had seen that , it 's a bell curve with a long tail , and that 's exactly why we have confidences and that 's how almost every conclusion is .
Why is the story not equally that , yes , these guys are batting 99.90 , let me see , that 's three times what it takes to get into the baseball hall of fame .
You tell me any other epistemology that has to deal with complex systems science .
Medical diagnosis ?
Forget it , 99 % , no prayer .
Investment banking ?
Oh God , I do n't even know if they 're over half .
And military ?
They 're probably better than half .
So that 's so unbalanced it defies imagination , yet I have seen almost no mainstream studies on it .
But why is the media not covering these stories in a way where perspective is the basic thing ?
And I think it comes back to the fact most specialists have been fired and they 're following this business model I mentioned before .
So we have a fourth estate that is no longer in existence .
Where are the Ed Murrows and people like that , where are the deep investigations ... they 're still out there and every journalist I talk to of that ilk is just if not more frustrated than I am because they 've got to work for these business model guys .
We at least can just make fun of them , and unfortunately it really is very dangerous in a democracy when complexity needs to be understood .
This was what Congressman Rohrabacher told me when I testified two years ago , that the absence of warming had falsified global warming , once again using the false god of Karl Popper .
And of course I then quickly pointed out that if we had cherry - picked the end points from ' 92 to 2002 we 're going to hell in a hand basket , and if you just run a running mean it looks like nothing has changed .
So what happened in the last ten years ... I do n't have time to give you the science but we have n't had any major El Ninos apart from the ' 98 one and the Sun has been relatively on vacation , now it 's coming back and we have an El Nino ... watch this year break all the records .
And I hope that Greenpeace does n't go out there and say , ' You see , we told you so , ' because it 's one damn year guys , that does n't mean anything .
One decade does n't mean much , climate is a 30 - year process of running means , and that 's something that is a really bad political story and an absolutely disastrous media story , too long .
That is a story we 've got to tell , and of course as you see I 'm very shy about telling it .
Thank you .
Robyn Williams :
The ever - shy Stephen Schneider from Stanford University .
Science as a Contact Sport is his latest book , and he also has a chapter in the book Seeing Further about the Royal Society of London , edited by Bill Bryson .
You 've been listening to a forum about climate from the AAAS in San Diego , and my thanks to Natasha Mitchell for help with that recording .
So it looks like Goldman Sach 's strategy is going to be " deny , deny , deny . "
" We did n't mean it like that , " " You 're misinterpreting , " and " We would n't dream of it . "
And yet , here we stand , in the smoking rubble of the American dream .
And there they are , laughing it up in Park Avenue penthouses .
Time for some karma , baby !
Goldman
Sachs sought to protect itself from a collapsing housing market by selling mortgage investments that it knew were likely to fail and taking other steps that helped spread risk throughout the financial system , according to the findings of a Senate investigation released Monday .
The investigation by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations suggests that Goldman 's actions may also have helped fuel the financial crisis by creating risky investments and then ensuring that other parties were exposed when they lost value .
Excerpts of hundreds of internal Goldman documents released by the committee show that Goldman created and sold complex investments backed by risky home loans .
Then , Goldman also bet against those investments by buying a type of insurance that would pay out if the underlying home loans went bad .
" Goldman Sachs was slicing , dicing , and selling toxic mortgage - related securities on Wall Street like many other investment banks , but its executives continue to downplay the firm 's role in the financial engineering that blew up the financial markets and cost millions of Americans their jobs , homes , and livelihoods , " said Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the subcommittee .
" Goldman Sachs made billions of dollars from betting against the housing market , and it placed those bets in some cases at the same time it was selling mortgage related securities to its clients , " Levin said .
" They have a lot to answer for . "
The findings of the Senate probe come as Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein and several other current and former Goldman officials come to Washington to testify before the subcommittee on Tuesday .
The panel is using Goldman as a case study of how investment banks fueled the financial crisis .
In prepared testimony released by Goldman , Blankfein says that the firm must do " a better job of striking the balance between what an informed client believes is important to his or her investing goals and what the public believes is overly complex and risky . "
He also said " we did n't have a massive short against the housing market and we certainly did not bet against our clients .
Rather , we believe that we managed our risk as our shareholders and our regulators would expect . "
But internal e-mails show that Goldman did expect to make big profits off the decline in housing .
For the gal who enjoys casual sex …
I was thinking of knocking on your door and , as you answered and opened it , walking right in , looking you in your beautiful eyes , pulling you forward with one hand behind the small of your back … then placing the other behind the soft nape of your neck .
After briefly running my fingertips just behind your slightly tight neck , pulling you toward me roughly , slightly gripping your long hair to turn your head up … and then , in contrast , gently kissing your beautiful lips .
Then , I gently brush my lips over the back of your neck while holding you from behind , lifting your long hair , massaging your shoulders while slowly laying my lips longer over your neck , gently kissing and nibbling you .
You feel my warm fingertips over your ears , rubbing your earlobes softly between my fingers .
Meanwhile , my kisses slowly move lower down your neck , letting you feel my hot breath pass over your clavicle as my fingers massage just behind your ears very softly , putting you in the beginning stages of ultimate relaxation .
And , then , slightly pushing you up face first against the wall , after kicking shut the open door ( no need for the whole world to see how I ’m going to take you , unless you really want to ) … you feel my warm most breath over your ears and I take your right ear lobe between my wet lips .
And I gently suck your right , now wet , earlobe between my lips , my tongue barely dancing over it .
I gently suck your right earlobe , letting my tongue press completely against it , flicking back and forth in my mouth .
I begin slowly moving my hands around your hips … pulling you back from the wall I ’ve had you pressed against … and letting you feel my warmth as I press against you .
My palms open , I begin running my hands ever so slowly over your stomach , gently pressing you closer to me .
And I release your right lobe , move to your left ear lobe as my hands begin slowly running up the sides of your body , gently squeezing you between them .
And , I slowly begin turning you around to face me …and press you with my chest up against the wall .
But , with my secretive hands behind your bra…I look deeply into your eyes …and slowly move my mouth to yours , kissing you lips - to - lips deeply , for the second time … letting you feel my hot mint - tinged breath , and , just barely , my darting tongue as I suck your lower lip .
At the same time , my wandering hands unclasp your bra from behind … and then , my hands now against your shoulders , I press you to the wall .
With you now wearing only your low - rise heels and skirt , my eyes take you in completely , from your tender calves up your beautiful long thighs , to your exposed bare stomach and your heaving breasts , as you breathe deeper and deeper .
And , then , I place one hand in my own long sleeve buttoned shirt , tear it open , sending buttons flying everywhere … and bare chested … press myself against your heaving breasts and pointed erect nipples as I put one hand up against your back , and another over your ass and press you to me for a longer deeper kiss .
and as I kiss you …deeply , letting you feel my warm , chest pressed against your breasts , my taut stomach against yours , I break our embrace … keep you pinned against the wall … and hands over your waist , dig the tops of my fingers into your skirt .
And in one motion , I drop to my knees pulling your skirt with me :)
Rebecca was 16 years old when her mother Elizabeth died of cancer .
But before she died , she wrote letters to Rebecca , to be given to her on her birthday each year for thirteen years .
At first the letters were comforting , but as time went on , they had much more complicated effects .
David Segal tells the story .
David is a reporter for The New York Times . ( 14 minutes . )
We have met Neanderthals , and they are us – or about 1 to 4 percent of each of us .
That is one implication of a four - year effort to sequence the Neanderthal genome – essentially setting out in order some 3 billion combinations of four key molecules that together represent the Neanderthals ' genetic blueprint .
So far , the international team reporting the results notes that they 've sequenced 60 percent of the Neanderthal genome .
And the 60 percent they have – essentially a rough draft – is likely to be rife with errors that will emerge and get corrected over time .
Still , the results mark " just the beginning of an exploration of human uniqueness that it now possible " as anthropologists move beyond fossils to genes in uncovering the story of human evolution , says Svante Pääbo , who heads the Neanderthal Genome Project at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany .
Among the tale the genes tell : A few anatomically modern humans mated with Neanderthals , likely in North Africa or the Middle East as modern humans initially were moving out of Africa , the researchers say .
The team came to that conclusion after comparing the Neanderthal genome with those of five humans today : one each from Europe , Asia , and Papua New Guinea , and two from different regions of sub-Saharan Africa .
They found that from 1 to 4 percent of the DNA in the genomes of people from Eurasia and the southwestern Pacific were inherited from Neanderthals .
Neanderthal - derived genes failed to show up in the African genomes .
' Caveman biology '
The results overturn what Dr. Pääbo calls the " hard out - of - Africa hypothesis " in which a small group of anatomically modern humans migrates from Africa " and replaced everyone else in the world without any admixture . "
It 's entirely possible that African genomes also contain some other form of what Pääbo dubs " caveman biology " from more archaic hominins .
" We just do n't know that yet , " he says .
Nor is it clear yet whether the presence of this DNA in modern humans represents positive selection – genetic material worth holding on to – or biological antiques whose functions have long been lost , the researchers say .
So far , the inherited material does not seem to be concentrated in genes , but spread somewhat randomly in non-gene portions of the modern - human genomes .
Whatever the final answer , the question of interbreeding had long puzzled paleoanthropologists , says David Reich , a population geneticist at the Harvard Medical School in Boston and a member of the team reporting the discovery in Friday 's issue of the journal Science .
Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans occupied the same general real estate in Europe and western Asia for roughly 50,000 years until the Neanderthals went extinct some 30,000 yeas ago .
Scientists have reasoned that there must have been some level of interbreeding during that time .
With these new results , " there 's very strong evidence that it did occur .
There was gene flow from Neanderthals to the ancestors of all modern non-Africans , " Dr. Reich says .
The genome comparisons the team performed indicate a small amount of interbreeding that likely occurred during the period when they first came into contact with each other some 50,000 to 80,000 years ago .
Humans , Neanderthals , chimps : three of a kind
The team also compared the genomes of modern humans and Neanderthals to those of chimpanzees – genetically the closet living relative to humans .
Based on the fossil record , the split between chimps ' ancestors and those of ancestors of humans and Neanderthals is thought to have occurred some 5 million to 6 million years ago .
The split between modern humans and Neanderthals is estimated to have taken place in Africa some 400,000 years ago .
The researchers found that 99.7 percent of the Neanderthal genome is identical to modern humans .
Both Neanderthal and modern human genomes are 99.8 percent identical to that of chimpanzees .
The results and their further refinement are expected to yield a treasure - trove of information on what makes modern humans distinct from Neanderthals , humans ' closest extinct relative .
The team says it already has spotted differences between the two in genes researchers have associated with brain development , skull structure , metabolism , skin types , and wound healing .
May 18th is starting with some great news for book lovers .
Amazon has just announced that it would be releasing the official Kindle application for Android , available " soon " .
The Kindle app is already available on the iPhone , iPod touch , iPad , PC , Mac , and BlackBerry , so Android is quite late to the party .
Better late than never though - there is no WinMo app anywhere in sight .
Main Features
The Android application is , surprisingly , not going to be shy on features .
In fact , some of them will one - up its counterparts on other platforms :
access all of your Kindle books without your Kindle
all of your Kindle books without your Kindle buy books right from within the Kindle app from a special Android optimized store and get them auto - delivered wirelessly - a feature that is not available on all devices
right from within the Kindle app from a and get them - a feature that is not available on all devices synchronize last page read and annotations between all devices using Amazon 's " Whispersync " technology
using Amazon's " Whispersync " technology preview books by reading their beginnings for free before buying
In order to use the app , you will need to use Android 1.6 + and have an SD card ( Droid Incredible users , take note - your phone does n't come with an SD card by default ) .
My Thoughts
We have one word for this : FINALLY !
Amazon has started to realize that instead of competing with the growing number of gadgets ( smartphones , eBook readers , tablets , etc ) and locking down eBooks to its own Kindle device , it would be a lot more beneficial to extend support to those platforms .
And do you know what else this means ?
Us , Spring Design
Alex owners , will be finally able to buy Kindle books , no matter if Spring Design allows us or not ( remember , Alex has been rooted ) .
Excitement , can you feel it ?
Other Features
Here are the rest of the features Amazon has promised us :
Adjust the text size , add bookmarks , and view the annotations you created on your Kindle , computer , or other Kindle - compatible device
Read in portrait or landscape mode
Tap on either side of the screen or flick to turn pages
Search and browse more than 500,000 books , including more than 96 of 110 New York Times bestsellers .
If you are a non-U.S. customer , book availability may vary
Find New York Times ® Best Sellers and new releases from $ 9.99
Get free book samples .
Read the beginning of books for free before you decide to buy
Books you purchase can also be read on a Kindle , computer , or other Kindle - compatible mobile devices
Kindle newspapers , magazines and blogs are currently not available on Kindle for Android
Supports Droid Incredible ( with an SD card ? ) , Google Nexus One , HTC MyTouch , Motorola CLIQ , Motorola Droid , and many more Android phones
You can submit your email to receive a notification when the Kindle app is released here : http://www.amazon.com/kindleforandroid.
Source : Press Release
Authenticating against App Engine from an Android app
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under tech , app- engine , java , android
Many an Android app requires a server backend of some sort , and what better choice than App Engine ?
It 's free , reliable , and does everything you 're likely to need in a backend .
It has one other major advantage , too :
It supports Google Account authentication , and nearly all Android users will already have a Google Account .
So given that we want a backend for our app , and given that we want to have user authentication , how do we go about this ?
We could prompt the user for their credentials , but that seems less than ideal : the Android device already has their credentials , and users may not trust us with them .
Is there a way we can leverage an Android API to take care of authentication ?
It turns out there is .
Authentication with App Engine , regardless of where you 're doing it , is a three - stage process :
Obtain an authentication token .
This can be done with ClientLogin for installed apps , for example , or with AuthSub for a webapp .
When logging in directly to an application , this is the part of the login process where your user sees a Google signin screen .
Take that authentication token , and use it to obtain an authentication cookie .
Use that authentication cookie in all subsequent requests .
Let 's tackle those in order .
On Android , step 1 of the process can be accomplished using the android .
accounts API , which allows you to list accounts and obtain authentication tokens for them .
First , your app is going to need some permissions :
<uses - permission android:name= " android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS
" ></uses-permission > <uses - permission android:name= " android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS
" ></uses-permission > <uses - permission android:name= " android.permission.INTERNET
" ></uses-permission >
Let 's create a simple activity that lets the user select one of their accounts to authenticate with .
Here 's the source of that activity :
public class AccountList extends ListActivity { protected AccountManager accountManager ; protected Intent intent ; /**
Called when the activity is first created .
*/ @ Override public void on Create ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { super.on Create( savedInstanceState ) ; accountManager = AccountManager.get(getApplicationContext ( ) ) ; Account [ ] accounts = accountManager.getAccountsByType(" com.google " ) ; this.setListAdapter(new ArrayAdapter ( this , R.layout.list_item , accounts ) ) ; } @ Override protected void onListItemClick ( ListView l , View v , int position , long id ) { Account account = ( Account) getListView ( ).getItemAtPosition( position ) ; Intent intent = new Intent ( this , AppInfo.class ) ; intent.putExtra( " account " , account ) ; startActivity ( intent ) ; } }
This should be fairly easy to follow .
Our Activity is a ListActivity , meaning it displays as a list view .
To populate it , we instantiate a new AccountManager and call getAccounts
ByType on it , specifying that we want only accounts of type " com.google " .
When the user clicks on an account , we invoke the " AppInfo " activity , which will be responsible for getting the token and cookie , and displaying some info from our app .
Here 's the first part of that activity :
public class AppInfo extends Activity { DefaultHttpClient http_client = new DefaultHttpClient ( ) ; @ Override protected void on Create ( Bundle savedInstanceState ) { super.on Create( savedInstanceState ) ; setContentView(R.layout.app_info ) ; } @ Override protected void on Resume ( ) { super.on Resume ( ) ; Intent intent = getIntent ( ) ; AccountManager accountManager = AccountManager.get(getApplicationContext ( ) ) ; Account account = ( Account) intent.getExtras ( ) .get ( " account " ) ; accountManager.getAuthToken( account , " ah " , false , new GetAuthTokenCallback ( ) , null ) ; }
In onResume ( ) , we obtain ourselves another AccountManager instance , and call getAuthToken on it .
getAuthToken is an asynchronous call , so we have to provide a callback function that will be called when it 's done .
You may be wondering why we 're doing this every time the activity is resumed - this will become clear shortly .
Here 's the code for the GetAuthTokenCallback :
private class GetAuthTokenCallback implements AccountManagerCallback { public void run( AccountManagerFuture result ) {
Bundle bundle ; try { bundle = result.getResult ( ) ; Intent intent = ( Intent ) bundle.get ( AccountManager.KEY_INTENT ) ; if ( intent != null ) { //
User input required startActivity ( intent ) ; } else { onGetAuthToken ( bundle ) ; } } catch ( OperationCanceledException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( AuthenticatorException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } } } ;
Here we can see the reason for our decision to fetch a token every time the activity is resumed :
The callback can return the auth token , which we want , or it can return an intent .
When it returns an intent , that indicates confirmation from the user is required , and in order to do so , we should invoke the intent .
Unfortunately , the intent does n't provide a result when the user confirms their choice , so we have no option but to check again every time the user returns to our activity .
In the case that prompting was required , we simply start the activity that does the prompting and return .
If a prompt was n't required - for instance , because the user already was prompted and responded in the affirmative - we call the onGetAuthToken ( ) method , shown below :
protected void onGetAuthToken ( Bundle bundle ) { String auth_token = bundle.getString( AccountManager.KEY_AUTHTOKEN ) ; new GetCookieTask ().execute ( auth_token ) ; }
Now that we have the token , we 've completed phase one of the authentication process , and it's onGetAuthToken 's job to kick off phase 2 : trading in our authentication token for a cookie .
This is where GetCookieTask comes in :
private class GetCookieTask extends AsyncTask { protected Boolean doInBackground ( String ... tokens ) { try { // Do n't follow redirects http_client.getParams().setBooleanParameter(ClientPNames.HANDLE_REDIRECTS , false ) ; HttpGet http_get = new HttpGet ( " https://yourapp.appspot.com/_ah/login?continue=http://localhost/&auth= " + tokens [ 0 ] ) ; HttpResponse response ; response = http_client.execute( http_get ) ; if ( response.getStatusLine().getStatusCode ( ) != 302 ) //
Response should be a redirect return false ; for ( Cookie cookie : http_client.getCookieStore().getCookies ( ) ) { if ( cookie.getName ( ).equals ( " ACSID " ) ) return true ; } } catch ( ClientProtocolException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } finally { http_client.getParams().setBooleanParameter(ClientPNames.HANDLE_REDIRECTS , true ) ; } return false ; } protected void on PostExecute ( Boolean result ) { new AuthenticatedRequestTask ( ) .
execute ( " http://yourapp.appspot.com/admin/ " ) ; } }
At first glance , this is a substantial chunk of code , but let 's take it one line at a time .
First , we tell the http client class that we do n't want it to follow redirects .
This is because the page we 'll use to fetch the cookie will set the cookie and return a redirect to the page we specify .
Since we just care about the cookie , there 's no sense following the redirect .
Next , we construct a new HttpGet object for the URL we get the cookie from .
This URL is composed of three parts :
Your app 's domain , the special path ' / _ah / login ' , and the two query string parameters .
The ' continue ' parameter specifies where the redirect will be to , while the ' auth ' parameter contains our hard - won authentication cookie .
Once we 've constructed the HttpGet , we execute it against the client .
On getting the response , we check a couple of things :
First , did it return a redirect ?
Second , did it return the cookie we were looking for ?
If all is well , we return successful .
I 'm sure I do n't need to point out here that the error handling ( both here and in the app in general ) is rather poor :
A real application would , hopefully , do a much better job of it !
Finally , the onPostExecute ( ) method starts the third and final part of the process , that of fetching a URL from our site using our shiny new authentication cookie .
Here 's the source for the AuthenticatedRequestTask :
private class AuthenticatedRequestTask extends AsyncTask { @ Override protected HttpResponse doInBackground ( String ... urls ) { try { HttpGet http_get = new HttpGet ( urls [ 0 ] ) ; return http_client.execute( http_get ) ; } catch ( ClientProtocolException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } return null ; } protected void onPostExecute ( HttpResponse result ) { try { BufferedReader reader = new BufferedReader ( new InputStreamReader( result.getEntity ().getContent ( ) ) ) ; String first_line = reader.readLine ( ) ; Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext ( ) , first_line , Toast.LENGTH_LONG ) .show ( ) ; } catch ( IllegalStateException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { // TODO Auto - generated catch block e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } } }
This should look familiar if you 've used the Apache HTTP client library before :
It 's a perfectly ordinary HTTP request .
The cookie is now stored in the HttpClient we 're using , so all our requests from here on in require no special tricks .
From App
Engine 's point of view , though , they all come from an authenticated user , using the account the phone 's owner selected .
That 's all there is to it .
One brief caveat :
You wo n't be able to test this on the Android emulator , as the emulator images do n't support Google Accounts - you 'll need a real device for testing .
The complete source of the app is available here .
If you 're thinking that a library that neatly wraps this functionality up in an easy to use package would be a good idea , you 're quite right - but nobody 's gotten around to writing one yet .
Perhaps you could be the first .
Got an Android app that you 're writing using an App Engine backend , or an idea for one ?
Let us know in the comments !
Disqus
Ready at Dawn is back on the Playstation Portable development train , promising to top their best portable effort and one of the greatest games ever made for the PSP with God of War : Ghost of Sparta .
Advertisement
Here 's a first glimpse at how the game will look when it hits the PSP and PSPgo later this year .
Advertisement
SCEA 's Eric Levine calls Ghost of Sparta a " prequel of sorts " saying it picks up where the original God of War left off .
The game will reveals the origins of lost worlds and " finally answer long - awaited questions about Kratos ' tattoo , scar , and family , " Levine says .
Expect to hear more about this game at E3 next month .
this week range from a holistic vision of a seamless , semantically - enabled Web of human relationships , to a simple " Like " button , which will soon be omnipresent on the Internet .
The moves are ambitious , giving even fast - moving rivals like Twitter reason to worry .
Still , the simple fact that gets lost in the rush towards ubiquitous social connectivity is that users still do n't know what they are sharing , with whom , or why it matters .
In short : Facebook remains a privacy minefield .
During the event , Zuckerberg described what he calls the " Social Graph . "
It 's basically a map of all of our social relationships and the things that we care about .
It is n't just about who you know , but also what you want .
Sharing photos with friends is great , but sharing camera recommendations is monetizable .
This is the promise of the Semantic Web , a collection of links and objects that can be easily shared and repurposed among sites ; except on the Social Graph , all the lines eventually run through Facebook .
Part of Facebook 's plan is the universal Like button .
It may seem like a minor introduction , but it is n't .
Sure , there are lots of ways to indicate that you like a story online : Digg , Buzz , Twitter , Reddit , and countless others , but those are mostly about getting people to read something .
What if you just , well , like something ?
A book , a movie , brand of peanut butter , or a shortstop for the New York Yankees .
Until now , the most granular measure of our human intent has been our search terms , and Google has done an exceedingly good job of connecting that intent with advertisers who want to capitalize on it .
By integrating personal and profile information through third party sites , Facebook is making its database of intention social .
As much as I love and even , Facebook has always been among my least favorite social media sites , and its graduation to " platform " status has n't done anything to change my mind .
It truly is an application platform ; there are more than 550,000 applications on Facebook , accessed by more than 70 percent of users .
And no , I still do n't want your virtual farm animal or to participate in your silly crime - themed role playing game .
When I role play , I do it old school with a D20 .
I find Facebook 's interface cluttered , the applications moronic , and the Terms of Service opaqueat best .
It is AOL , circa 1996  without the service fees .
Clearly , I am in the minority .
Facebook has more than 400 million active users worldwide , and 50 percent of those users log on every day .
These users create and share more than 25 billion Web links , news stories , blog posts , notes , and photo albums .
They can be inane or profound , personal or public , but they are always revealing .
Facebook considers them objects .
I lost track of how many times Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg or his director of product development referred to bits of personal information as " objects . "
To a programmer , they are objectsbits of code that can be created , shared , exported , imported , synchronized , monetized .
And the easier it is for all that to happen , the better the platform becomes .
As Zuckerberg modestly put it : " This is the most transformative thing we 've ever done for the Web . "
Transformative , for sure , but I would humbly suggest it will be better for Facebook than the Internet as a whole .
I agree these products go a long way towards creating " instantly social and personalized experiences on the Web , " but it will come at a price .
And that price is privacy .
" Like " a movie on IMDB , and all of your friends will get updates to that effect .
For that matter , every time you look at a movie on IMDB , you will see a list of friends who have " liked " that page .
It is a powerful tool , but my bet is most Facebook users will have no idea where , when , or how their Likes will show up on the Web .
Or for how long .
In the past , Facebook would ask you to share your data with each app that wanted to access your profile .
Not anymore .
Make something " public " and it wo n't just appear on Facebook , but throughout the Facebook ecosystem .
Again , this is a user - choice , but it is rarely an informed one .
In other words , be careful about who you friend because your information will show up when you visit one of these pre-approved sites .
Indeed , the Graph API makes it possible to pull all sorts of personal data directly into third party sites .
If you want to know what you are sharing , go to graph.facebook.com / markzuckerberg , but replace Zuck 's name with yours .
Or try your friend 's username , just for kicks .
Facebook will say that all of this is opt-in , and it is .
Hell , no one is making you use Facebook at all yet .
But the truth is no one really understands their own privacy settings now .
When Facebook changed its settings six months ago , 65 percent of users chose to keep their profiles public .
Or , more likely , they just thought they should click " yes " to everything .
We have all done it , and that choice will now follow us around the Webforever .
This is the same problem Google had when it launched Buzz , and for which is has now been criticized by ten European countries .
Of course , European countries tend to be a pretty critical bunch , so it is hard to hit Google too hard for that .
Even so , the companies are very different .
For Google , having users share private information is a constant risk and an unfortunate side affect of its services , perhaps even a liability .
For Facebook , it is a business model .
The funny thing is that I did n't even attend the F8 developer conference I downloaded the embed code for the keynote 's video stream , posted it to , and watched it live from my desk .
When the keynote ended , I loaded up Robert Scoble 's Ustream feed and watched Zuckerberg get grilled from the front row of the press conference .
Combine that with the real - time updates from attendees and other remote viewers , and it amounts to amazing transparency .
Pure gold for a journalist .
Great exposure for Facebook .
And the average Facebook user ?
For better or worse , they are going to get a lot more exposure as well .
Slapshot Challenge
Over the summer of 2010 we had a slapshot challenge where we challenged hockey players from around the world to improve their slapshot .
This was our first contest and the blog was still a bit new , but we had over 200 people sign up and participate .
We posted articles with slapshot tips including how to improve slapshot power , where the power comes from , and how to improve accuracy .
If you would like to read these article you can browse our blog !
We also plan on putting all of the information into a neat pdf file for anyone who wants to learn , so be sure to subscribe to our blog and you will be notified when the PDF is ready .
If you want some great information right away you can always start with our article , how to take a slapshot , and then read on from there .
If you participated in the challenge stay tuned , we will be emailing you with details about the prizes .
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
Dorothy Kamenshek , a star player in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League who helped inspire the lead character in the movie “ A League of Their Own , ” has died .
She was 84 .
She died of natural causes Monday at her home in Palm Desert , Calif. , said the Riverside County coroner ’s office .
She had had several strokes in the past five years , said her friend and fellow baseball player Lavone Paire Davis , who was known as Pepper .
Kamenshek played first base for the Rockford ( Ill . )
Peaches from 1943 to 1951 and again in 1953 , and finished among the league ’s top 10 career batting leaders , with an average of .292 .
She was named one of the top 100 female athletes of the century by Sports Illustrated , winning batting titles by hitting .316 in 1946 and .306 in 1947 .
“ She had the whole package , ” said Davis , 85 , a catcher who played 10 years in the league .
“ She could hit with power , she could lay the bunt down and steal the base .
She was a great first baseman — she could go off the ground three feet and grab it , or dig it out of the dirt .
She was a tough lady , and she was as smart as they come . ”
Hank Johnson proves right : Without warning , Guam capsizes during beach party
Georgia Representative Hank Johnson ’s fear about Guam was fully realized at 2:00 pm local time yesterday , April 2 , as it suddenly capsized after a beach party attracted too many residents .
The shifting of weight caused the western side of the island to lift and , with the majority of the 178,000 population on the eastern side , caused a flipping over with all residents either thrown into the ocean or drowned under the upside down land mass .
Representative Hank Johnson , Democrat from Georgia ’s 4th district , said , “ This is exactly what I was worried about .
Can you imagine how much more quickly this might have happened if 8,000 Marines and their families were on the island ?
We would have lost 25,000 American lives in addition to all those Guamanites who drowned . ”
Johnson was mocked and condemned for a statement made on March 25 , 2010 , in which he told a stunned American admiral that Guam might “ tip over and capsize ” if the Americans were added to the population .
“ There was no way that Guam would tip from north to south ; it ’s too long .
But , I knew that flipping from side - to - side was a possibility and that ’s exactly what happened . ”
Dr. Heinrich Stein from the Latin American Seismic Institute noted , “ Well , we ’ve never seen an island flip over before .
Frankly , we did n’t even think that Guam could be a floater until we saw Avatar .
The depictions of islands in the air got us to thinking about islands floating in water , but we did n’t get a chance to initiate our studies .
Ironically , Guam was going to be where we started . ”
Representative Johnson continued , “ Unfortunately the video which has been seen by so many people was cut off before I finished my explanation .
I warned the admiral that we already had a perfect example with the capsizing of Atlantis .
He then seemed to be thinking through the idea more seriously . ”
The video of “ tip over and capsize ” has been viewed hundreds of thousands of time , most often leading to mockery or derision of the congressman .
He ’s not surprised .
“ I ’m known as a humorous person , so people thought I was just joking around about Guam .
The people in my district have heard me yell “ Fire ” in a crowded theater more than once , then laugh it up with the patrons in the parking lot while the fire trucks were hosing down a perfectly fine building .
And what about that traffic video with me streaking through a busy intersection during rush hour ?
They were chuckling for weeks over that .
In fact , many people in Georgia say my entire time in the House has been one long joke ! ”
“ I guess I should have been more clear that I was being serious , ” Representative Johnson concluded .
It is n’t immediately certain what will happen to the surviving residents of Guam .
Rescuers from the nearby Northern Mariana Islands began loading survivors onto boats within 2 hours .
Incredibly Guam ’s governor , Felix Perez Camacho , survived and has been safely moved to Song Song on the next closest island .
There has already been some speculation that the now inverted island will be re-inhabited at some point , though the name will likely be changed to Maug , which is Guam spelled backward .
Hank Johnson is hopeful .
“ I ’m sure they ’ve learned from this event and , if they are able to move back onto the island will be more careful not to have everyone on one side .
I also hope that the U. S. military will think twice before sending 25,000 Marines and their families until some island “ floaties ” can be installed for stability .
Things would be safer in the long run . ”
NEW YORK –
If you were a cop and came across 30 unmarked box trucks gathered in a remote industrial corner of Brooklyn , who would you interrogate first – the folks bent over bowls in a mini ramen noodle house , the mourners in the funeral truck or the screaming masses taking turns shooting paintballs at someone in a chicken outfit ?
The Strip Truck features professional pole - dance instructors ( and even inspires some spontaneous disrobing ) .
Turns out there really is n't anything illegal going on at the renegade art event called Lost Horizon Night Market , an ongoing participatory project with an elegantly simple idea : " Proprietors " rent a truck and do something creative in it , with public interactivity a central element .
There are no admission fees .
Participants mainly provide enthusiasm ( or homemade jam , or lap dances , or ukulele serenades ) , and get to soak in a hot tub or share a smoke in the Jesus Christ Hookah Bar .
The proprietors exchange their time , money and artistic energy for the distinctive euphoria of seeing people interact with an environment of their own creation .
" For one night , we make an autonomous neighborhood , " said Lost Horizon Night Market co-founder Mark Krawczuk , who enjoys spurring people to act on their creative desires .
" I get a kick out of seeing people do stuff .
I 've got 40 people into the game ... got people who 've never done installation art before to do it . "
Part 21st - century street carnival , part Burning Man-style artgasm , the Night Market is an empirical example of the participatory culture movement .
To potential proprietors , the scale of a project in a 10 - foot by 14 - foot or 24 - foot space is liberating in its constraints .
It 's small enough to visualize a project , big enough to do something with impact , and open - ended in a way that seems to immediately spark flurries of ideas from those who hear of it .
A heater problem hits the Double Wide Spa Truck .
At the January Night Market , the hot tub worked great .
Third Time 's a Charm — — — — ——
–
Last weekend 's Night Market was the third .
Prior gatherings have included an erotic pastry truck , a 3 - D Twister truck , a sock hop , a tea house , a pinhole - camera studio , a little big - top circus truck and a blindfold robotic gamelan truck .
Aboard the Happy Birthday truck , participants entered a psychedelically joyous little world where everybody got a cupcake , a party hat and a rendition of the familiar song that never failed to crack up people waiting outside .
There 's been an actual strip club with mirrored walls , brass pole and real - deal strippers taking fake dollars in their G - strings .
And the racket never ended in the Smash Truck , where a throng on one side of a thick Plexiglas wall screamed " Smash !
Smash !
Smash ! " as participants on the other smashed the bejeezus out of televisions , Hummels and computer parts with a baseball bat .
Lost Horizon Night Market co-founder Mark Krawczuk serves noodles in the truck that started it all .
Photo : Rebecca Letz
The most recent Night Market took place Saturday .
By 9:15 p.m. , an otherwise desolate street along a freight - rail line in Bushwick was alive with the squeal of screw guns , banging lift - gates and urgent directives .
Rental - truck roustabouts in cowboy outfits and wedding gowns pull - started generators , and as the last of the trucks arrived , Krawczuk , 37 , finished up his duties as head parking attendant .
He took off his orange vest and put on a chef jacket .
It was time for him to start cooking noodles .
The Night Market began with one truck Krawczuk used as a prank on the 2008 Burning Man Decompression event in New York .
Intrigued , Krawczuk 's co-conspirator Kevin Balktick , 26 , was drawn in , and together they grew the Night Market to an 11 - truck affair in September 2009 , and then to more than 20 trucks in last January 's event .
Neither claims control of the event , calling themselves only " Those Who Choose the Place and Time . "
As communications chief , Balktick sets a high bar for proprietors by example , turning informational symposiums for potential proprietors into mystical and adventurous gatherings set in church attics and historical society libraries .
For attendees , the bar is set by proxy .
In an e-mail to proprietors about soliciting donations he writes , " Please do n't turn anyone away for want of funds .
Ask them to sing you a song , do a silly dance , make you a picture , help you move next weekend , etc. Create an exchange of some kind . "
The ambitious Surveillance Truck project comes off with only minor glitches .
Photo : Michael Gwilliam
The Surveillance Truck — — — — —— —-
Jason Eppink is a 28 - year - old assistant curator of digital media at New York 's Museum of the Moving Image , as well as one of the artistic overachievers that comprise Wonderland Collective in Astoria , Queens .
At the Sleep - Eazy Motel , proprietors request you bring your own rubbers and sex toys .
Near the end of the night , a couple emerged from one of the rooms and deposited a freshly used condom on the front desk .
Photo : Michael Gwilliam
His Night Market project , the Surveillance Truck , involved one truck with a wall of TV monitors , another for use as a film set , 16 security cameras mounted in and on several other proprietors ' vehicles , and about 20 cast and crew members .
" The main character does n't even know what 's going on , " says Eppink of the storyline he created for his recurring film , built around an unsuspecting attendee .
" The narrative is like this river , and the target gets swept up in it , and can maybe choose which side of the river he goes down , but he 's going down the river . "
The idea of being a proprietor also appeals to nonartists .
Entrepreneur and traveler Etan Fraiman studied theater in school , and became a fan of immersive cultural / theatrical experiences like SantaCon and Idiotarod .
He finally satisfied his compulsion to do his own version of the Coney Island Shoot the Freak paintball game at last weekend 's Night Market .
Volunteers get shot with paintballs in the Shoot the Freak Truck .
At one point , they faced a bottle - rocket assault .
Freaks Come Out at Night — — — — — — ——
The result was two 24 - foot trucks parked back - to - back , with shooters in one and freaks in the other , dodging fluorescent paintballs in a janky , blacklit shooting gallery .
" It did n't come out exactly how I wanted it to , " says Fraiman , who finally conceded success " when these two people jumped into the suits and utterly committed to being freaks .
They threw water balloons at the crowd , leaped into the shooter truck – people were actually freaking out .
It was great . "
Accomplice and chicken - suited freak Evan Abel adds : " Some people came up and told us it was their favorite truck . "
Part of the Night Market , as viewed from the footbridge over train tracks in the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn .
Photo : Michael Gwilliam
High Times on the Down - Low — — — — — — ——
–
It was almost impossible to see every rolling installation at last weekend 's event .
There was a mock funeral truck , a jazz truck , a Nigerian embassy e-mail scam truck , a screen - print truck , a truck full of rocking chairs , a high - school slumber party truck and a touching tribute to one woman 's deceased father , in the form of a photo booth where folks posed with life - size cutouts of ' 60s rock stars made from photos taken by her father , a former editor of Hit Parader magazine .
" Originally , I was going to help my friends in the Make It Happen Truck , " which was devoted to helping people complete personal goals , says Vanessa Paulsen , proprietor of photo - booth truck .
" Then I said , ' Fuck that , I 'm gonna make my own thing happen . "
Dr. Adventure sits in front of his Cabinet of Wonder , which features a fetal pig in a jar , skeeball , a preserved bat and other treasures , presented out of the back of his El Camino .
Photo : Michael Gwilliam
A friend of Krawczuk 's points out that if one were to spend just 10 minutes in every truck , it would take five hours to see everything .
" And the Night Market is four hours long , " Krawczuk adds wryly .
The Night Market events are not promoted publicly , and proprietors and their friends are asked not to post anything to lists or social - networking sites .
The time and place for each event are announced only through word of mouth , and proprietors are encouraged to limit invitations to those who might do their own truck someday .
" The goal is growth through participation , " says Balktick .
One obvious question is whether publicity will ruin this grass - roots operation .
But Krawczuk says there are ways to manage the growth , by " splitting it into multiple markets , or not inviting people [ beforehand ] , or doing it in different towns , different formats – the cardboard box market . "
Balktick says the sporadic schedule and ever - changing format of the events help keep the Night Market fresh .
" If someone reads about the market , goes to the trouble to find out about it months from now and comes on down , they 're probably good people and that 's alright by me , " he says .
What about people copping the idea ?
" I 'd like it if someone did an alternate market , " says Krawczuk .
" Yeah , I want someone to do one and invite me to their fucking Night Market . "
But while creative glory abounds , failure remains a specter .
Things rarely go as planned – car batteries die , taking lights and music with them ; windstorms wreck props ; people flake .
And , by the way , the cops did show up at the last Night Market , cruising by to cite people for open containers and , unbelievably , jaywalking .
While proprietors know they bear final responsibility and liability for what happens in their environments , the risk is not so much about a potential injury or arrest record .
It 's about not completing a vision that seemed so clear at the beginning .
Eppink 's main worry with his Surveillance Truck was about finding people to participate for a full 15 minutes during an event where things move quickly .
The scenario had to run several times for the project to be successful .
" The first guy was very hesitant to commit , " he says .
" He kind of resisted the whole time , but he finally ended up at the Surveillance Truck , realized everything and said , ' This is the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time .
I 'm so glad I stuck with this . ' "
See Also :
What do the following radio and TV hosts have in common ?
Rachel Maddow
Glenn Beck
Larry King
Tucker Carlson
Jim Cramer
Alex Jones
John Stewart
Andrew Napolitano
Neil Cavuto
Bill Maher
David Asman
Montel Williams
Ed Schultz
Joe Scarborough
Stephen Colbert
These are the people I tune into to find out their political views .
Its a very diverse group .
They do n’t share the same views , and often attack each other .
How did this happen ?
You ’d have to be schizophrenic to listen or understand this group as a whole .
I did n’t start out seeking a wide perspective for political views , it happened quite accidentally .
During the 2008 Presidential election , I was following Ron Paul .
Whenever Paul was on TV I tuned in regardless of the network or host .
I paid attention to how Paul was treated by the host .
If the host let Paul speak and did n’t interrupt and interacted with Paul , I started tuning into their shows more often .
The issue was not if the host agreed with the views of Ron Paul , but if they gave him a chance for his views to be fairly expressed .
There are some big names not on the list , like Keith Olbermann and Bill O’Reilly .
Keith Olbermann
I do n’t listen to because Paul is basically nonexistent to Olbermann ; O’Reilly kept interrupting Paul and not letting him finish a thought .
Ron Paul is one of the most polite people in politics ; it says a lot about someone who is rude to someone as humble and polite as Paul .
Ron Paul was the person in the news that came the closest to representing my views .
If the host was showing politeness and respect to Ron Paul , then I felt they deserved the same politeness and respect from me .
Ron Paul has often spoken of unintended consequences of government policy ; one of the unintended consequences of following Ron Paul has been a much broader view of politics .
Comscore has just published their smartphone reports detailing statistics from October 2009 through January 2010 and although we knew Android grew incredibly – the actual statistics are quite staggering .
Take a look at this chart which shows market share from RIM , Apple , Microsoft , Google and Palm :
Second to last place with hardly more market share than Palm ?
How is that staggering ?
Well … as Kevin Tofel explains it is all a matter of how you look at the numbers .
What we SHOULD be looking at is growth rate – that is – percentage growth from October through January :
That is HUGELY indicative of the momentum Android has and the deceleration of other platforms .
Looking just at market share gain / growth you might not realize how poorly Microsoft is performing , how Palm is slowing more than any other platform , and how little RIM and Apple are improving .
And for that matter , how ridiculously quickly Android is growing .
The numbers are looking good my friends and I would fully expect these various momentums ( momentii ? ) to continue .
Apple always gets a huge uptick with a new iPhone , and WebOS should perform better when they finally offer some new devices ( if they ’re unique ) , but I do n’t see Android slowing down much over the next 10 months – at all .
Not domestically or globally .
The symptoms of adult attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder seem to describe half the people in New York City : restlessness , impatience , impulsivity , procrastination , chronic lateness , and difficulty getting organized , focusing and finishing tasks .
How do you know you have ADHD , which experts compare to having a mind like a pinball , with thoughts flitting in multiple directions .
Maybe you 're just overcaffeinated and overworked ?
And if you do have it , will there be a stigma ?
Should you try medication ?
Will it work ?
...
The fox cub was caught in a hole in the wheel hub A young fox found trapped inside a discarded lorry wheel is recovering well , the Scottish SPCA have said .
A lorry driver at a gas depot in Grangemouth found the 10 - week - old fox after hearing yelping coming from a pile of tyres stored at the site .
The male cub 's head was wedged inside a small hole in the wheel hub .
The SSPCA 's Jennifer Hamilton took the wheel , with the fox stuck inside , back to the charity 's Middlebank rescue centre where the animal was released .
Ms Hamilton said : " After a short time in the back of my van , which was nice and dark and quiet , he calmed right down and staff at our wildlife rescue centre were able to release him without too much trouble .
" Apart from being a little bit shaken up , he was unharmed and quickly became very active and wild as soon as he was free , which is a really good sign .
" Staff at the depot have spotted mum and her cubs in the area before , so it looks like this little guy got stuck and was left behind . "
Wildlife rescue centre manager Colin Seddon said the cub was lucky to have been discovered and would have died otherwise .
" He was a little bit unsteady after we released him from the tyre so we kept him in for observation .
" We 've now introduced him to two other fox cubs in our care and we are hopeful that they will all be released when they are at the right age and stage to be able to fend for themselves in the wild . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
10 Losties We Love ( and 5 We 'd Vote Off the Island ) , best and worst Lost characters , favorite Lost cast
TV Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
In what could easily be billed as the biggest television event of the decade , ABC's " Lost " will shut the hatch door on six years of mind - bending mystery when it caps off its incredible run with a two - and - a - half hour series finale on May 23 .
Of course , when you factor in the two - hour recap show preceding the episode , and the one - hour " Jimmy Kimmel Live " special following it , the Sunday night event actually totals out to a whopping five - and - a - half - hours of coverage ... and that does n't include the replay of the show 's two - hour pilot Saturday night .
Not bad for a show that might never have lasted an entire season on a different network .
And to think it all started when J.J. Abrams was approached to write a pilot for a new show looking to capitalize on the popularity of " Survivor . "
At the time , no one could have anticipated that Abrams ' island drama would depend so much on its cool plot devices and mysteries to fuel the storytelling .
But even after the show became more science fiction - heavy , it remained first and foremost about the characters and their relationships both on the island and off .
With so many great personalities populating the " Lost " universe , it 's difficult to settle on a list of the absolute best , but that does n't mean we did n't try .
Join us as we celebrate our favorite characters from the show , as well as the ones we 'd gladly vote off the island if given the chance .
10 Losties We Love ...
Desmond Hume
He 's done enough to fill the lives of 10 men , which may explain why he has trouble standing still on the timeline .
After all , how many people have you met who can claim to be a former monk , dishonorably discharged soldier and long - distance sailboat racer , not to mention impervious to electromagnetic blasts and briefly in possession of clairvoyant abilities ?
Yes , Desmond Hume is indeed " special , " as several of the people he 's encountered in his life have told him , but the reason we love Desmond is because he has always answered to a different voice than the others .
The man , by and large , has carried himself with a Zen - like cool , with only one thing on his mind : how the hell do I get myself to Penny Widmore ?
Whatever he 's done , Desmond has let love be his energy .
Hell , we 'd even argue that love was his motive when he ran over John Locke in cold blood in the parking lot , though we 'll likely have to wait until the series finale to confirm that .
Either way , Desmond is one of a kind , and someone we'd be proud to call our brutha .
Hugo " Hurley " Reyes
Not every fat man is jolly .
There 's no question that a dark cloud has been hovering above Hugo Reyes for much of his life , so you can't blame the guy for having kind of a dour attitude on occasion ; but if it was n't for Hurley , there would n't have been nearly as many laughs on " Lost . "
Much of the laughter , however , comes simply from his position as the island 's voice of common sense , such as in Season One , when he spends an inordinate amount of time putting together a golf course , explaining the importance of relaxation by simply saying , " Dudes , listen : our lives suck . "
Hurley 's the character who is easiest to root for because he's the one who tends to say the things that the viewers are thinking , a propensity arguably best demonstrated in the Season Five episode , " Whatever Happened , Happened , " as he tries to work out the logistics of time travel .
Although it was initially easy to write off Hurley as the show 's comic relief , we discovered in " Everybody Hates Hugo " what kind of rollercoaster his pre-flight life had been , which is why we were rooting for him to find love with Libby , and why we really wish he had n't forgotten the blankets for their picnic .
It 's not overstating things to suggest that Hurley is the very heart and soul of " Lost , " and while we do n't know what fate has in store for him in the final episode , we steadfastly believe that no one is more deserving of a happy ending .
Sayid Jarrah
The torturer with a heart of gold .
A former member of the Iraqi Republican Guard , Sayid Jarrah did n't start on his road to redemption until he was asked to torture his former childhood friend , Nadia .
Instead , he fell in love with her and ultimately helped her escape .
Sayid may have been the most useful ( and badass ) person on the island , given his military and engineering background , but he was always struggling with his own demons .
This inner conflict makes him interesting , and Sayid - centric episodes were always among the best the series had to offer .
Sadly , it seems that karma had it in for the former interrogator , as he lost his new love Shannon in Season Two , he was shot at the end of Season Five , healed / infected at the start of Season Six , and ultimately killed in an act of heroism in one of the final episodes .
And to think , the beloved character was n't even in the original pilot script .
Would " Lost " be " Lost " without the tortured torturer ?
Benjamin Linus
The phrase " better the devil you know ' " ' was written about guys like Benjamin Linus .
He speaks in riddles and incomplete truths , where everything he says is technically correct , but always missing at least one key piece of information .
Ironically , he may never have become the duplicitous man he is today were it not for a time - traveling Iraqi soldier dispatching some revisionist history judgment by trying to kill Ben when he was a young boy .
The Others warned them that Ben would never be the same once they healed him , and as the Dharma workers would tell you – if they were n't all dead – he most certainly was n't .
Yet , for all of his back - handed , double - crossing ways , this actually makes him quite predictable ; once you realize that he has no use for emotional ties , Ben turns out to be one of the most consistent , and fascinating , characters on the island .
It is no coincidence that the show flew highest when Ben was at the fore .
Charlie Pace
Of all the passengers aboard Oceanic Flight 815 , Charlie Pace is one of the last people you 'd expect to emerge as a hero .
That did n't stop him from volunteering to join the search party for the plane 's pilot upon their arrival on the island , however , and although it was later revealed that he was only tagging along to retrieve his stash of heroin , Charlie eventually redeemed himself by becoming a surrogate father to Claire 's newborn baby , Aaron .
It did n't come easily , either , after nearly being killed by Ethan , and then forced to go cold turkey with the knowledge that there was a planeload of China White beckoning to him in the ironic image of the Virgin Mary .
His dark days did n't get any brighter as he continually dodged certain death with the help of Desmond ( making for some of the better moments of Season Three ) , and though we knew it was coming , his eventual demise remains the most heartbreaking of all the deaths on the show .
Charlie was a one - hit wonder in life just as much as he was in his music – not particularly complex , but consistently entertaining .
John Locke
Over the last five seasons and change , few of the inhabitants of the " Lost " island have taken audiences on as much of a journey as the man of faith himself , John Locke .
From his beginning as the embittered , wheelchair - bound office drone with daddy issues , to his position of power in the struggle between Ben Linus and the survivors of Oceanic 815 to -- well , in the interest of not spoiling the last couple of seasons for anyone who 's been holding out for one reason or another , let 's just say Locke has had one hell of an arc .
Even with just a few hours standing between us and the end of the series , it seems safe to say some of the biggest developments are yet to come .
In the struggle between science and faith that has framed " Lost , " John Locke has been a lot of things , but he 's never been boring .
Not even the mighty Jack Shephard can boast that kind of character development .
Daniel Faraday
As a member of the Kahana freighter crew , audiences did n't know what to make of Daniel Faraday at first glance , but even though he may have come to the island as part of a plot to kidnap Benjamin Linus , he quickly mumbled his way into our hearts as one of the good guys .
Faraday 's history was kept relatively mum during his first year on the show ( his only flashback was a brief scene of him crying at the news of the Oceanic 815 wreckage ) , but after the island was moved and the Losties started doing the Time Warp , Faraday 's ties to the island became more apparent – namely in the reveal that he was the son of island VIPs Charles Widmore and Eloise Hawking .
It was fate that he should return to the island , but it was also necessity .
With the introduction of certain sci- fi elements comes the need for a tour guide to help explain things to the other characters and the audience , and Faraday was a walking , talking Cliff 's Notes on all things time travel - related .
Desmond may be the unanimous fan favorite , but nothing he did would have made any sense if it were n't for the quirky physicist .
James " Sawyer " Ford
He 's a con-man , a killer , and can't remember anyone 's name to save his life , but for some reason , we just can't help having a fondness for the man we 've come to know as Sawyer .
Admittedly , part of it has to do with all the great nicknames he 's come up with for his fellow survivors – just the monikers he 's saddled Hurley with ( Pillsbury , Rerun , Grape Ape , Mongo , Jabba , Deep Dish to cite a few ) are enough to make him our hero – but it 's mostly because of the fact that , for all of the flashbacks we 've seen on " Lost , " few have found us changing our tune about a character quite as much as his .
We learned that , at the ripe old age of eight , his parents were conned so profoundly by a man using the alias of Tom Sawyer that his father killed his mother , then himself , damaging the boy 's psyche so much that he took on the con man 's last name and profession .
Sawyer was a far cry from a good man before taking Oceanic Flight 815 , and he was n't all that nice a guy immediately thereafter , either ( remember the way he hoarded the whiskey and porn that he'd found in the wreckage ? ) , but thanks to his relationships with Kate and Juliet , along with various sacrifices he 's made over the course of six seasons , we 've seen that there really is a good heart beating beneath that snippy , cynical exterior .
Sun Kwon
When we met Sun , she was the demure , easily cowed wife of Jin-Soo Kwon , a budding mob enforcer .
But beneath her quiet façade lurked countless secrets , like her ability to speak English , and her affair with the guy who taught her to speak the language .
Sun also had hidden reserves of strength , as evidenced by her willingness to kick a little ass – or even kill – if necessary .
Of course , Jin had a few tricks up his sleeves too , and ultimately , their love story – and the way it managed to transcend space and time – became one of the strongest threads in the show 's fabric .
If you watched the Season Four finale and your heart did n't break for Sun as she saw the freighter containing Jin explode , you may not have a functioning heart .
Of course , things on the island are rarely as they seem , and this was n't the end for Sun and Jin – nor was it the end for Sun 's transformation from silent wife to pistol - packing badass .
" Lost " has been a series that made room for action , romance and tragedy , and Sun has dealt with them all .
Mr. Eko
It 's tough to discuss Mr. Eko without first mentioning that the actor who portrayed him , Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje , had a lot of influence in the character 's development .
At first , Akinnuoye - Agbaje was reluctant to join the cast , but the series creators eventually convinced him to sign on .
Unfortunately , for all of his fans , Mr. Eko was not long for the island , because Akinnuoye - Agbaje never was comfortable living in Hawaii .
Go figure .
Conversely , Mr. Eko was one of the few characters not intent on leaving the island .
Maybe it had something to do with the life he left behind .
Mr. Eko led a gang of guerrillas in his homeland of Nigeria until a drug - run - gone - bad killed his brother .
Mr. Eko became deeply religious , and that continued once he arrived on the island .
Unfortunately , once Akinnuoye - Agbaje decided he had to leave the show , the creators decided that Mr. Eko had to die at the hands of the Smoke Monster , who lured him into the jungle by taking the form of his dead brother .
It 's safe to say we were all sad to see Mr. Eko go .
... and Five We 'd Vote Off the Island
Ana Lucia Cortez
We 've seen a lot of characters pass through the island on " Lost , " and some of them have been pretty obviously useless right from the start .
But when it comes to wasted potential , Ana Lucia Cortez might take the cake .
An interesting character with a compelling back story that interwove with a number of her fellow crash survivors , Ana Lucia should have had a lasting presence on the island , but she never developed much past the pissed - off ex-cop we met in the beginning .
By the time she met her demise – shot in an instant by Michael in his quest to bring Ben back to the Others – she was little more than a plot device , a means to an end .
Say what you will about Nikki and Paolo , but we always knew we did n't need to care about them .
Ana Lucia ?
She could have been someone , man .
Shannon Rutherford
From the moment she landed on the island , it was easy to hate Shannon Rutherford .
She was beautiful on the outside , but on the inside , she was narcissistic , manipulative and unhelpful .
She knew her stepbrother , Boone , was in love with her , so she 'd leverage those feelings to get him to do pretty much whatever she wanted .
When that did n't work , she 'd use Charlie or Sayid to the same end .
In fact , Shannon 's relationship with Sayid was one of the few redeeming things about her .
Sayid had been through so much prior to coming to the island , so it was easy to root for his happiness , even if it involved Shannon .
When Ana Lucia accidentally killed her , some of us cheered , while others felt bad for Sayid .
Some of us actually cheered while feeling bad for Sayid .
The bottom line is that no one felt bad for Shannon .
Bitch .
Michael Dawson
Unlike many of his fellow castaways , Michael Dawson 's departure from the show did n't result in a gasp , but a sigh of relief .
By far one of the most annoying characters to ever wash up on the island , Michael also had one of the least interesting back stories of the original group .
Though many parents might applaud his protective instincts ( particularly considering he did n't have much of a relationship with Walt prior to the crash ) , that does n't change the fact that he killed two innocents ( Ana Lucia and Libby ) and then backstabbed four others simply so that he could get himself and his son off the island .
But just when it looked like we were free for good of his incessant whining , Michael returned by way of the freighter ( now under the orders of Ben Linus , who else ? ) with the hope of redeeming himself by saving his fellow Losties from impending danger .
His sacrificial suicide did n't quite have the intended effect , however , as no one really cared what happened to him by that point .
In the end , he was relegated to a ghostly whisper in the island 's jungle , and considering just how forgettable his character was , it was exactly what he deserved .
Walt Lloyd
Perhaps it 's a bit unfair to express such unabashed loathing toward a young boy , so let 's clarify this a bit : what made us most grumpy about the character of Walt was that he felt like such a missed opportunity .
The show 's producers have generally shown considerable foresight , but really , why would you cast a kid who has n't yet gone through puberty on a show where the timeline is going to make it virtually impossible to utilize the character once the actor 's brain and gonads conspire to raise his height and lower his voice ?
Damon Lindelof claimed in a 2007 interview , " We 've always known Malcolm was going to grow faster than we could shoot the show , and we planned for it , " and maybe that 's so , but what it felt like was that they were scrambling to adapt the situation .
Mind you , it 's pretty easy to argue that Walt officially wore out his welcome way back in Season One , at the precise moment that he set fire to the raft that his dad had constructed .
Plus , surely we can all agree that the kid was creepy .
It was established in a flashback that even his mother 's new husband was scared of him , and although the reasons behind the Others ' decision to kidnap
Walt remained annoyingly enigmatic , it was pretty clear that they were n't entirely comfortable around him , either .
Is it any wonder that we felt the same way ?
Kate Austen
In the regular world , she was a con artist and hunted fugitive who murdered her father in his sleep .
On the island , she was the object of desire of Oceanic 815 's two alpha males .
Let it not be said that the island does n't have a warped sense of humor , not to mention karma .
But here is the cold , hard truth when it comes to Kate Austen : she is receiving this adulation because she 's one of only a handful of women on a deserted island , a pie that 's cut even smaller when you separate the pretty ones from the less fair .
Throw her into the general population , and she is nothing special , and her actions on the island bear this out .
Not once has she stepped up to save the Losties , or made a sacrifice of any kind for the greater good .
She just goes along , and granted , in a situation like that , you need followers as well as leaders .
Still , for as much face time as Kate has received , you 'd think she'd be more interesting .
She 's not .
Over the past few years through writing for this blog and helping to facilitate Dave Ramsey ‘s Financial Peace University class I ’ve heard a lot of misconceptions that people have about money .
These are beliefs and ideas about money that people hold deep in their psyche that tell them how they should approach money .
They help to create a framework for their view of their finances and how they approach them .
The problem is , when they create their framework based on a set of misconceptions , exaggerations and lies , they ’re bound to fail .
They ’re hamstringing themselves and setting themselves up for profound disappointment .
“ It ai n’t so much what we know that gets us into trouble .
It ’s what we know that just ai n’t so . ” – Mark Twain
7 Lies About Money
Here are a few of the more common lies and misconceptions about money that I ’ve encountered in the last few years .
You may have heard or even believed some of these in your own life , I know I certainly have .
1 . Money buys happiness :
One thing that people often assume is that if they were able to increase their income substantially , or if they were to win the lottery , that they would be able to find happiness , and peace .
Studies tell us , however , that once you ’ve gotten beyond a certain level of poverty and well being , having more money does n’t contribute to increased happiness .
People with above - average income are relatively satisfied with their lives but are barely happier than others in moment - to - moment experience , tend to be more tense and do not spend more time in particularly enjoyable activities . ”
June 2006 Princeton study
Having more money as the ultimate goal wo n’t lead to happiness , but often will lead to the opposite .
True happiness can only be found through faith , family and close relationships with others .
2 . To truly get ahead you have to use debt as leverage :
There is a common misconception that you have to use debt to get ahead in this world .
You have to get student loans to get an education .
You have to get a car loan in order to afford a car .
You ca n’t start a business unless you go into debt for a small business loan .
While I ’ll never be one to say you should NEVER get a loan , I will say that it is a lie to say that you need to have debt in order to get ahead .
Some of the most successful people in business and in life are those that pay cash for the things they buy , or operate their business on a cash basis .
If at all possible , I ’ll operate on a cash basis as well .
3 . The only way to get ahead is to lie steal or cheat :
This lie says that the only way to get ahead is to be sleazy , money oriented and to have no integrity .
People have a misconception that the rich are often just un-ethical and immoral people .
Quite to the contrary Thomas J. Stanley in his book the “ The Millionaire Next Door “ , found that high net worth individuals almost always say that one of the biggest reasons that they were successful was because of the high value they place on integrity .
In a way it makes sense because who wants to do business with someone that is unethical or who will cheat them ?
Those who are unethical are usually found out and do n’t succeed in the long run .
Dishonest money dwindles away , but he who gathers money little by little makes it grow .
Proverbs 13:11
4 . You do n’t need a plan for your money :
Some people think that they really do n’t need to plan ahead because they make enough money not to worry about it , or because they just have a feeling that “ things will work out .
As the saying goes , “ If you fail to plan , plan to fail ” .
We ’ve always done decent as far as income goes , but we always seemed to be just barely ahead , and never had enough to save much at the end of the month .
Only after we had made a budget did we start finding that we were able to save substantial amounts of money every month .
5 . You do n’t need to start saving and investing when you ’re young : Sometimes people feel like they do n’t need to start saving or investing when they ’re young because they figure they ’ll find a high paying job and amass all the money they ’ll ever need – quickly .
Problem is many of those same people do n’t find those high paying jobs , end up with large student loans , and end up not having enough in retirement .
Plan ahead , start investing young and you ’ll come out on top .
Worst case scenario ?
You ’ll end up getting that high paying job AND having a nice savings set aside at the same time .
6 . Having expensive things means that you ’re successful : People often equate having high status items like clothing , jewelry , cars and houses as an indicator of success or wealth .
The problem is that much of the time the people that have these items are only “ acting rich ” or are in a high income position but are still highly leveraged .
Their net worth is still small in comparison to their incomes .
Only a small portion of the people who have high status luxury items are actually extremely rich .
For most people who are balance sheet affluent , their spending and consumption patterns are much more mundane .
For example in the book “ The Millionaire Next Door ” Thomas J. Stanley found that of the millionaires that they studied , 97 percent of them were homeowners , but their average home value was only $ 320,000 !
That ’s a lot lower than most people would assume !
7 . I ca n’t succeed because others are holding me back :
Far too often people like to blame external forces for their own failures instead of taking responsibility for their mistakes , and learning from them .
We all know someone who is like this .
They ca n’t make their credit card payment , so they blame the credit card company for their high rates ( instead of themselves for overspending and using the card ) .
Or the guy who buys a house with an adjustable rate mortgage , but when it adjusts to a higher rate and ca n’t afford his payments , he blames the mortgage company for their shady dealings .
Taking responsibility for your actions and learning from your mistakes is very freeing .
It means you ’re adaptable , you are able to pick yourself up and move on to the next step – and realize that no one can keep you down if you do n’t allow them to .
Stay positive and you will succeed .
You can give in to the failure messages and be a bitter deadbeat of excuses .
Or you can choose to be happy and positive and excited about life .
A. L. Williams
I ’ve listed a bunch of lies about money that people are taken in by , and now I ’d like to hear your take .
What lies about money have you heard ?
Have you ever believed those lies and did they handicap you ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
Boing Boing is proud to be first to present the trailer for the new documentary , Winnebago Man .
I can't wait to see the film !
( Warning : trailer above has plenty of cussing . )
Ben Steinbauer , director of Winnebago Man , says :
Boing Boing was one of the first websites to feature the " Winnebago Man " viral video , so it seems fitting that the theatrical trailer for the Winnebago Man movie , should make its premiere here .
I first discovered the " Winnebago Man " clip in 2002 , when a friend handed me a VHS tape with a bunch of underground videos .
The blurry outtakes of a middle - aged RV salesman having a meltdown , was far and away my favorite .
The hilarious barrage of profanity was so jaw - dropping that my roommate and I watched the clip every night for a year .
I literally memorized it , and showed it to everyone I knew .
After the online video revolution took off and the " Winnebago Man " turned into one of the first Internet video sensations , I became fascinated that millions of people were watching this man , yet no one knew anything about him .
I learned that his name was Jack Rebney , and I eventually hired a private investigator to find out if he was still alive .
It turns out that Rebney had been living alone on top of a mountain for more than 15 years , and until recently he had no idea about his online fame or that the outtakes even existed .
And that 's when the real story began .
Paul Bernado and Karla Homolka were Canadian serial killers who attracted worldwide media attention when they were convicted of raping and murdering teenage girls , including Karla ’s own sister , Tammy Homolka .
These two serial killers are part of a fairly exclusive group of killers that killed as a couple .
Paul Bernardo also admitted raping numerous other women over a period of years , and he eventually brought Karla into the mix .
The question most people have when they hear of these murders , is why did Karla do it ?
The answers to those questions are ones that we may never have all the answers to , but we certainly have a few .
Karla was an active participant in the murders , and even participated sexually alongside and with the girls , mostly for Paul ’s affection and at his urging .
This was the basis behind Karla ’s defense and her reasoning to strike a plea bargain that allowed for her current release .
Karla Homolka served only twelve years in prison for her part in the murders .
One thing that we know for certain is that Karla was abused heavily by Paul Bernardo both physically and mentally in their relationship .
The record clearly shows brutal beatings and horrible mental abuse perpetrated by Paul Bernardo .
The puzzling part of this , however , is that Karla never attempted to get out .
She came from a supportive family that surely would have tried to protect her .
Could it be that she was afraid of Paul hurting them or her anyway ?
Hofhardt is a conjunction of the last names of its creators - rejects from their own respective families because of religious bigotry .
Noun , singular : A Hofhartd is a person who has been ostracized by their nuclear family unit due to the family 's religious intolerance of a different belief system / viewpoint / lifestyle , etc.
Noun , collective : " The Hofhartds " are people that can come together and know that they are not alone in their journey .
Taking the name Hofhartd as a new " family name " allows one to identify with others experiencing the same pain when their own family has turned their backs .
Verb :
To be Hofhartded is to be cast out forcibly from one 's family , or to be left with no alternative but to end relationships for one 's health , wellbeing , and overall happiness .
Having long battled on behalf of the movie industry , Dutch anti-piracy group BREIN is spreading its wings into a new market area .
With an eye on the likelihood that piracy will increase in the sector , BREN has entered into an trial agreement with publishers to stem the growth of eBook piracy .
As suggested in our recent article , 2010 may prove to be the year where eBooks make their real breakthrough into the mainstream .
With their increasing popularity among the masses it is inevitable that eBooks will become more widely pirated online .
At the moment though , largely due to the fact that a relatively small number of people have eBook readers , piracy remains fairly low .
Having kept a close eye on the state of music piracy , where small files are traded with ease and at will , some book publishers have already taken action against sites which have assisted in the spread of electronic books .
In 2008 , the 100,000 member TextBoook Torrents finally folded under the threat of lawsuits and in February this year several large book publishers filed a lawsuit against file - hosting site , RapidShare .
Their lawsuit cited 148 book titles and demanded that RapidShare stop them being made available to the public via their service .
The District Court in Hamburg handed down a preliminary ruling against RapidShare which granted the request .
Now the signs are that other publishers are digging their trenches ready for a battle .
Publishers association GAU has just announced that it began working with anti-piracy group BREIN this month .
Together they will attempt to combat the online piracy of eBooks in a pilot exercise which will last until at least January 2011 .
In keeping with the skills it acquired going after dozens of lesser known file - sharing sites and forums offering links to movies , BREIN will now also monitor the Internet for sites and services facilitating the spread of eBooks .
BitTorrent , Usenet and various other file - sharing sites will be targeted , including forums which offer links to material on sites such as Rapidshare .
The file - hosters themselves will also be ordered to remove infringing content , rendering undiscovered links useless .
For smaller infringements it ’s believed BREIN will issue a takedown request , but for the bigger ones it can be presumed that BREIN will operate as normal , by using existing legal decisions to force site owners to close their operations under the threat of overwhelming legal might .
According to GAU , BREIN have already had some successes but it is believed these are against individuals selling illegal copies of eBooks rather than giving them away for free .
Not everyone in the book industry is equally excited about BREIN ’s expansion plans .
Author Karin Spaink is one of the most vocal opponents .
“ I do n’t want my intellectual property rights to be abused by BREIN so they can restrict your and my civil rights , ” she wrote in a recent blog post .
For BREIN , however , it makes perfect sense to bring in new clients to help cover increasing legal costs .
After all , if they are to take down a site ( such as the recent MasterNZB ) for infringing movie copyrights , why not bring in another paymaster and take it down for infringing eBook copyrights at the same time ?
Even more revenue for the same amount of work sounds like a very good business plan .
Transcript for Houston We STILL Have a Problem !
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Nevada banned people wearing chicken costumes from polling places around the state on Friday .
The state election commission does not want the costumes or other poultry - related memorabilia to prevent mocking of Republican Senate candidate Sue Lowden , who wants to unseat Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D ) .
Democrats have ridiculed the former Nevada GOP chairwoman for suggesting weeks ago that patients could barter with doctors for healthcare , like when " our grandparents would bring a chicken to the doctor . "
Early voting began on Saturday for the June 8 primary contest .
Lowden is considered the front - runner in a crowded Republican field and is Reid is danger of losing his seat , according to elections analysts .
The costumes and other items such as hats , shirts and pins will be banned from being displayed within a 100 foot perimeter around polling places .
Election officials said that the items would allow critics to blatantly broadcast their dislike of Lowden .
A committee of virginal bureaucrats would be hard pressed to draft a more ridiculous policy than this : " Consent is an affirmative decision to engage in mutually acceptable sexual activity given by clear actions and words , " the policy explains .
But , students are warned , " ( R) elying solely on upon non-verbal communication can lead to miscommunication , " which can lead to expulsion , suspension or other disciplinary actions .
A well - meaning student may be charged with a sex offense for making an innocent , incorrect assumption : so , " ( i) t is important not to make assumptions , " the Duke policy advises .
" ( I ) f confusion or ambiguity on the issue of consent arises anytime during the sexual interaction , it is essential that each participant stops and clarifies , verbally , willingness to continue . "
Anyone who remembers or has read about the sexual correctness controversies of the early 1990s will recognize Duke 's giant step back to the future .
In 1992 , now defunct Antioch College promulgated a absurd and widely ridiculed " Sexual Offenses Policy " that required students to stop and ask explicit verbal permission to proceed to " each new level of sexual activity ... The person (s ) who initiate (s ) the sexual activity is responsible for asking for consent ...
Body movements and non-verbal responses such as moans are not consent . "
The Daily Show was born too late for Antioch , but not for Duke .
Still students prosecuted pursuant to this policy are unlikely to find much humor in it .
University officials are required to report all allegations of sexual misconduct , ( unless legally bound by professional , confidentiality requirements ) and the solicitude for " survivors of sexual misconduct " expressed in the policy is not matched by respect for the due process rights of students accused .
They have no right to confront directly witnesses against them : their questions must be vetted and posed by the hearing panel , comprising two faculty or staff members and one student .
They have no right to a public hearing , and if they are wrongly accused and exonerated , they appear to have limited rights to publicize and explain their exoneration : " Any information shared during a hearing is confidential . "
Accused students are afforded a presumption of innocence , at least rhetorically , but the bias against them is clear : " Complainants are to be treated with respect and sensitivity before , during , and after the disciplinary process . "
Accused students " will be treated with respect throughout the process . "
If students were , in fact , presumed innocent ( in other words wrongly or mistakenly accused ) they 'd surely be deemed worthy of " sensitive " treatment too .
Duke 's insensitivity to due process for students accused of sexual offenses is especially shameful , given the university 's complicity in the wrongful and malicious 2006 indictment of three lacrosse players ( and public vilification of the team ) for a rape that never occurred .
( Stuart Taylor and K.C. Johnson expertly chronicled this notorious case in Until Proven Innocent . )
The case cost Duke money as well as prestige ( it entered into a settlement with the three wrongly accused students ) , but university officials seem to regard this travesty as a mere public relations problem they have managed to solve .
A euphemistic , self - congratulatory account of the case ( " the event " ) posted by the Duke press office stresses that " ( a ) pproximately one year after the event , Duke 's fund raising hit record levels , applications for student admissions remained near record levels , new media guidelines were in place to enhance the privacy of students and campus life began to return to normal . "
London , England ( CNN ) -- A British auction house plans to sell off newly discovered sketches done by Adolf Hitler when he was a struggling student trying desperately to get into art school .
The 12 charcoal and crayon sketches cover " typical student subjects " and do n't display a great deal of promise , Mullock 's Auctioneers said .
They include two drawings of an elderly woman thought to be Hitler 's mother , as well as studies of objects , landscapes , models , and even a Roman senator .
All are signed and some even have Hitler 's Vienna address , Mullock 's said .
The sale also includes the original portfolio in which Hitler kept the sketches , which is signed and has his address , Mullock 's said .
" They look quite typical of an aspiring student hoping to get into art school -- tentative and not very certain about his perspective when he 's using pencil and pen , making basic errors by getting the top and the bottom of a candlestick wrong in relation to each other , and so on , " said Michael Liversidge , emeritus dean of arts at Bristol University in England .
Letter by Hitler to Britain sells at auction
The sketches lack technical skill but are " not so bad that one can't imagine him learning .
" But there 's not latent genius here , and not much beyond a moderate school grade , " Liversidge said .
" Probably if the artist was at school today you would n't encourage him to keep the subject up . "
The sketches have been owned by a professional artist who had them for years in his own collection and for his own interest , said Richard Westwood - Brookes , the historical documents expert at Mullock's .
The artist brought the works to Mullock 's attention .
Mullock 's plans to auction the sketches April 15 in Ludlow , England , about 125 miles northwest of London .
They 're expected to bring between £ 4,000 and £ 6,000 ( about $ 6,100 and $ 9,100 ) each , the auction house said .
The drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909 , when Hitler was a " penniless dropout " trying to get accepted into the prestigious Vienna Academy of Fine Arts to train as a professional artist , Mullock 's said .
The school rejected him twice , so Hitler hung around the city , trying to make a living producing watercolors to sell to tourists , Mullock 's said .
The rejection by the academy may have had huge implications for Hitler later in life , Westwood - Brookes said .
" Many believe that it was this rejection that turned his mind and unleashed the monster within him , which was to bring forth so much evil on the world , " he said . " ...
In a sense , therefore , the academic decision of the art establishment in Vienna can go down as one of the most monumental decisions in all of history . "
Nevertheless , Westwood - Brookes said , " On the evidence of these sketches , you can see why the Vienna Academy turned him away . "
For over a year Arnold Diaz and his Shame Crew have been on the tail of Queens pet dealer Robin Schulder ( pictured ) .
The dog breeder uses various websites to sell puppies nationwide , raking in at least $ 1000 per dog , and allegedly gets them through a 3rd party — though she claims they are from her farm upstate .
The problem is , once they get to their new homes , their new owners realize they are sick .
Her dogs have had varying visible signs of illness — suffering seizures , and even dying once delivered .
Others reached their new homes blind , but Schulder says they were n't sent in that condition and in turn blames the owners .
She also adds this bit of " advice , " saying : " live animals get sick , it 's not the breeder 's fault .
If you do n't want an animal to get sick , buy a stuffed animal . "
Now attorney general Andrew Cuomo is on the case , and has filed a lawsuit against Schulder and her husband ; he aims to put them out of business and wants them to give refunds to their victims .
Video of the Queens Cruella can be found below ...
The importance of the 2010 mid-term elections , not only to elect or re-elect a local member of Congress or governor , but also to further the progressive direction of the country , is not widely understood .
Only a few , most notably the labor movement and its allies , have already drawn up plans for mobilization .
And while the Democratic National Committee , along with the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( as well as their opposing counterparts on the Republican side ) , have always sought to increase their number of seats in the House and Senate , there has hardly ever been much of a grassroots push to do so outside of the labor movement .
But Organizing for America aims to change that .
Seeking to build on the momentum of the historic presidential election of 2008 , and to counter the alarming increase in extreme - right wing activism since then , especially in the tea party movement , Organizing for America , the grassroots organization allied with President Obama , has launched a national on - the - ground effort to expand the Democratic majority .
The 2010 elections are just as important as the 2008 elections , many say .
This fall ’s elections will determine whether the country continues to move in a progressive direction , away from the past 30 years of extremist rule .
It provides the opportunity to “ bring home ” the victory against the ultra- right , and knock more Republicans out of Congress .
On the other hand , victories by the Republican ultra- right would slam on the brakes and significantly narrow the channels for progressive action .
OFA makes the point that the mid-term elections are crucial .
In order to push forward on government action for job creation , labor rights , civil rights , environmental reform and other issues important to working people , the Republicans ’ base must be further chipped away – not allowed to grow .
Grassroots organizing by labor and others can increase both the Democrats ’ majority and the number of progressives in Congress in November .
The OFA offensive enhances that possibility .
As has generally been the case , OFA ’s current electoral strategy parallels that of labor .
“ The grassroots movement that united to elect Barack Obama in 2008 brought millions of new voices into the political process , ” OFA says in its 2010 strategy statement , “ and provided millions of Americans with new avenues to get engaged and help shape their country ’s future . ”
The organization vows to “ re-connect with these millions of Americans , both young and old . ”
These voters could make the difference in the fall elections .
Polls that show the Republicans and Democrats neck - and - neck in some places focus only on “ likely ” voters , meaning that less frequent voters – who are more likely to vote against the ultra - right – are not counted .
And non-voters are not counted at all .
OFA is also running a voter registration campaign .
“ Our work is n’t finished , ” President Obama said , in announcing the 2010 campaign project .
“ Today the health insurance companies , the Wall Street banks and the special interests who have ruled Washington for too long are already focused on November ’s Congressional elections .
They see these elections as a chance to put their allies back in power and to undo all that we ’ve accomplished . ”
Obama continued , “ In 2010 it ’ll be up to each of you to ask folks like Claudia to stay involved , and to explain why this year the stakes are higher than ever .
It will be up to each of you to make sure that the young people , African Americans , Latinos and women that powered our victory in 2008 to stand together once again . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/pargon/
/ CC BY 2.0
Scientists have developed a brain implant that essentially melts into place , snugly fitting to the brain 's surface .
The technology could pave the way for better devices to monitor and control seizures , and to transmit signals from the brain past damaged parts of the spinal cord .
" These implants have the potential to maximize the contact between electrodes and brain tissue , while minimizing damage to the brain .
They could provide a platform for a range of devices with applications in epilepsy , spinal cord injuries and other neurological disorders , " said Walter Koroshetz , M.D. , deputy director of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke ( NINDS ) , part of the National Institutes of Health .
The study , published in Nature Materials , shows that the ultrathin flexible implants , made partly from silk , can record brain activity more faithfully than thicker implants embedded with similar electronics .
The simplest devices for recording from the brain are needle - like electrodes that can penetrate deep into brain tissue .
More state - of - the - art devices , called micro-electrode arrays , consist of dozens of semi- flexible wire electrodes , usually fixed to rigid silicon grids that do not conform to the brain 's shape .
In people with epilepsy , the arrays could be used to detect when seizures first begin , and deliver pulses to shut the seizures down .
In people with spinal cord injuries , the technology has promise for reading complex signals in the brain that direct movement , and routing those signals to healthy muscles or prosthetic devices .
" The focus of our study was to make ultrathin arrays that conform to the complex shape of the brain , and limit the amount of tissue damage and inflammation , " said Brian Litt , M.D. , an author on the study and an associate professor of neurology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in Philadelphia .
The silk - based implants developed by Dr. Litt and his colleagues can hug the brain like shrink wrap , collapsing into its grooves and stretching over its rounded surfaces .
The implants contain metal electrodes that are 500 microns thick , or about five times the thickness of a human hair .
The absence of sharp electrodes and rigid surfaces should improve safety , with less damage to brain tissue .
Also , the implants ' ability to mold to the brain 's surface could provide better stability ; the brain sometimes shifts in the skull and the implant could move with it .
Finally , by spreading across the brain , the implants have the potential to capture the activity of large networks of brain cells , Dr. Litt said .
Besides its flexibility , silk was chosen as the base material because it is durable enough to undergo patterning of thin metal traces for electrodes and other electronics .
It can also be engineered to avoid inflammatory reactions , and to dissolve at controlled time points , from almost immediately after implantation to years later .
The electrode arrays can be printed onto layers of polyimide ( a type of plastic ) and silk , which can then be positioned on the brain .
To make and test the silk - based implants , Dr. Litt collaborated with scientists at the University of Illinois in Urbana - Champaign and at Tufts University outside Boston .
John Rogers , Ph.D. , a professor of materials science and engineering at the University of Illinois , invented the flexible electronics .
David Kaplan , Ph.D. , and Fiorenzo Omenetto , Ph.D. , professors of biomedical engineering at Tufts , engineered the tissue - compatible silk .
Dr. Litt used the electronics and silk technology to design the implants , which were fabricated at the University of Illinois .
Recently , the team described a flexible silicon device for recording from the heart and detecting an abnormal heartbeat .
In the current study , the researchers approached the design of a brain implant by first optimizing the mechanics of silk films and their ability to hug the brain .
They tested electrode arrays of varying thickness on complex objects , brain models and ultimately in the brains of living , anesthetized animals .
The arrays consisted of 30 electrodes in a 5x6 pattern on an ultrathin layer of polyimide - with or without a silk base .
These experiments led to the development of an array with a mesh base of polyimide and silk that dissolves once it makes contact with the brain - so that the array ends up tightly hugging the brain .
Next , they tested the ability of these implants to record the animals ' brain activity .
By recording signals from the brain 's visual center in response to visual stimulation , they found that the ultrathin polyimide - silk arrays captured more robust signals compared to thicker implants .
In the future , the researchers hope to design implants that are more densely packed with electrodes to achieve higher resolution recordings .
" It may also be possible to compress the silk - based implants and deliver them to the brain , through a catheter , in forms that are instrumented with a range of high performance , active electronic components , " Dr. Rogers said .
###
The study received support from NINDS , NIH's National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering ( NIBIB ) , the U.S. Department of Energy 's Division of Materials Sciences , the U.S. Army , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , and the Klingenstein Foundation .
NINDS ( www.ninds.nih.gov) is the nation 's leading funder of research on the brain and nervous system .
The NINDS mission is to reduce the burden of neurological disease - a burden borne by every age group , by every segment of society , by people all over the world .
NIBIB ( www.nibib.nih.gov), a component of NIH , is dedicated to improving health by bridging the physical and biological sciences to develop and apply new biomedical technologies .
The National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) -- The Nation 's Medical Research Agency -- includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
It is the primary federal agency for conducting and supporting basic , clinical and translational medical research , and it investigates the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases .
For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov.
Reference : Kim et al .
" Dissolvable Films of Silk Fibroin for Ultrathin Conformal Bio-Integrated Electronics . "
Nature Materials , published online April 18 , 2010 .
What 's the big deal with using binoculars from the bullpen ?
That 's the question the Philadelphia Phillies are answering in the days following bullpen coach Mick Billmeyer being caught on camera using binoculars during Monday 's game at Coors Field .
Sure , everybody steals signs , as Paul Hagen of the Philadelphia Daily News points out , and everybody is looking for any advantage they can get , but the use of technology is what has irked Rockies ' manager and former Harrisburg Senators skipper Jim Tracy .
Similar to the New England Patriots ' Spygate scandal in 2007 , the use of synthetic devices escalates an otherwise routine occurrence into a national news event .
Billmeyer says he was simply trying to monitor the defensive positioning of Rockies catcher Miguel Olivo .
As unrealistic as it seems , that 's his explanation and he 's sticking to it .
There 's been some back and forth in the days following the release of the video , but the buzz is likely to end right here .
Unlike the Patriots ' Spygate scandal , there will be no evidence to be had or tapes to confiscate .
There 's footage of Billmeyer not - so - discreetly peeking through the binoculars from his vantage point in center field and there 's his explanation .
End of story .
That has n't stopped Major League Baseball from reviewing allegations against the Phillies , and that has n't stopped Phillies manager Charlie Manuel from accusing the New York Mets of doing the same .
At the end of the day , Billmeyer and others will try new , more subtle techniques to steal opponents ' signs , and life according to baseball 's unwritten rulebook will go on .
In other Phillies news ...
In light of Brad Lidge 's struggles and injury woes , the Phillies need a new closer .
( Philadelphia Inquirer )
Stealing signs is a baseball tradition .
( Inquirer )
Rockies manager Jim Tracy : Phillies ' use of binoculars was ' out of line . ' ( MLB.com )
' Stealing signs ' is such a negative way to put it .
( The 700Level.com )
On The Wilder Side :
Long time Green Party member Hank Bardel is running for congress in New York ’s 13th Congressional District .
Hank owns acreage in eastern Pennsyvania which is over the Marcellus Shale formation .
Recently Hank was offered over $ 264,000 with 21 % royalties to allow companies to drill there and he turned them down .
I ’m very worried about keeping the ground water , where I own the property , very clean .
We have a lot of dairy farms in the area and I would like to see them and the people who live in the area to continue to get good clean water .
Until the oil and gas companies can prove to me scientifically that the fracturing process will not leave harmful chemicals behind , I cannot in good conscience allow the drilling to start .
Many New Yorkers are very concerned about the the New York City water supply , especially since a lot of its water comes from water sheds that sit over the Marcellus Shale .
I think many gas and oil companies would like to drill in near those areas .
Hank Bardel previously ran in 2002 for congress in NY ’s 13th Congressional District , and is seeking the Green Party line again this year .
The 13th CD includes all of Staten Island and parts of Brooklyn like Bensonhurst , Bay Ridge , Fort Hamilton , Dyker Heights and Gravesend .
His website .
Please Note :
This page has cached information and is refreshed automatically every 7.5 minutes .
Everclear
95.00 99.97 Calorie info obtained directly from Luxco Spirits .
750 ML for $ 12.99 1.5 226 A+ 0.00
Smirnoff Vodka Blue Label 100 Proof
50.00 98.44 Calories and ABV obtained directly from Smirnoff Customer Service $ 16.99 for 750 ml 1.5 121 A+ 0.00
Popov Vodka 100 proof 50.00 98.44 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 17.99 for 1.75L 1.5 121 A+ 0.00
Smirnoff Vodka Red Label 80 Proof
40.00 98.23 Information obtained directly from Smirnoff Customer Service 1.5 97 A+ 0.00
Smirnoff Vodka Silver Label 90 Proof 45.20 97.89 Information obtained directly from Smirnoff Customer Service $ 33.99 for 1.75 ml 1.5 110 A+ 0.00
Tanqueray London Dry Gin
47.30 97.13 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink 1.5 116 A+ 0.00
Vodka and Red Bull Sugar Free
13.30 94.44 4 ounces 80 proof vodka , 8 ounces Red Bull Sugar Free 12.0 268 A 1.69
Vodka and Rockstar Diet
13.30 94.22 4 ounces 80 proof vodka , 8 ounces Rockstar Diet 12.0 269 A 2.00
Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum
35.00 96.95 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 19.99 for 1.75L 1.5 86 A+ 0.40
Rum and Diet Coke
8.75 96.95 3oz Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum = 172 calories
9oz Diet Coke = 0 calories 12.0 172 A+ 0.80
Mike 's Hard Lemonade
5.00 40.55 Obtained directly from 12.0 235 D- 35.35
King Cobra
6.00 85.33 Beer calories and ABV obtained from : Anheuser Busch $ 2.19 for 32oz 12.0 134 A- 4.30
Sparks Light 6.00 85.97 $ 1.89 for 16oz 12.0 133 A- 3.30
Michelob Ultra
4.20 84.25 Calorie and ABV from 12.0 95 B+ 2.60
Michelob Ultra Amber
4.00 80.24 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 95 B 3.20
Miller Lite
4.20 83.38 Beer calories directly from Miller Coors $ 17.99 for 30 pack 12.0 96 B+ 3.20
Budweiser Select
4.30 82.77 Low calorie beer with good taste with a score under 25.0
$ 13.49 for 18 pack 12.0 99 B+ 3.10
Busch Light
4.10 82.25 $ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 95 B+ 3.20
Milwaukee 's Best Light
4.10 79.73 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 98 B+ 3.50
Keystone Ice
5.90 77.54 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 145 B 5.90
Corona Light
4.10 78.92 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com
$ 12.99 for 12 pack 12.0 99 B 5.00
Milwaukee 's Best Ice
5.90 78.08 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 144 B 7.30
Miller Icehouse Light
4.13 76.41 12.0 103 B Not Available
Keystone Light
4.13 75.68 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 16.99 per 30 pack 12.0 104 B 5.00
Keystone Premium
4.43 76.06 Beer calories and ABV directly from Miller Coors 30 pack $ 16.99 12.0 111 B 5.80
Coors Light
4.20 78.47 Coors Light calories directly from Miller Coors $ 13.99 per 18 pack 12.0 102 B 5.00
Bud Dry
5.00 73.30 12.0 130 B-
Not Available
Bud Light
4.20 72.76 Bud Light calories obtained from : Anheuser Busch $ 20.99 for 30 pack 12.0 110 B- 6.60
Miller Genuine Draft Light
4.20 72.76 12.0 110 B-
Not Available
Miller High Life Light
4.10 71.03 Obtained directly from Miller Coors
$ 16.99 for 30 pack 12.0 110 B - 7.00
Schlitz Light
4.20 72.76 $ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 110 B- Not Available
Goldschlager 43.50 72.46
Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 23.99 per 750 ml 1.5 143 B- 9.20
Cabernet Sauvignon
13.80 72.09 Beaulieu Vineyard - 03 Napa Cabernet Sauvignon 5.0 152 B- 4.10
Rolling Rock Extra Pale
4.50 64.97 Rolling Rock ( national version ) : 132 calories , 10g carbs , 1.3g protein , 0g fat per 12 fluid oz .
$ 11.99 per 12 pack 12.0 132 C 10.00
Mad Dog 20/20 Red Grape Wine 13.00 51.61 $ 4.59 per 750 ml 5.0 200 D+ Not Available
Chardonnay ( Sterling Vineyards )
14.40 73.30 Calorie info from www.knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 5.0 156 B- 3.00
Mickey 's Ice
5.80 70.40 Beer calories directly from Miller Coors 12.0 157 B- 11.80
Amstel Light
3.50 70.21 Calorie info directly from 12.0 95 B- 5.00
Olde English 800
5.90 70.27 Miller Coors
$ 2.99 for 40 oz 12.0 160 B - 10.50
Merlot
13.90 72.61 Beaulieu Vineyard - 03 Napa Merlot
$ 19.99 per 750 ml 5.0 152 B - 3.80
Molson Canadian
5.00 64.38 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 12.99 per 12 pack 12.0 148 C 11.10
Vodka and Red Bull
13.30 69.25 4 ounces 80 proof vodka , 8 ounces Red Bull 12.0 366 C+ 27.00
Bud Light Lime
4.20 69.00 $ 11.99 for 12 pack 12.0 116 C+ 8.00
Beck 's Premier Light
2.30 68.49 Obtained directly from Customer Service at Becks
$ 11.99 per 12 pack 12.0 64 C+ 3.90
Magnum Malt Liquor
5.60 67.98 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 157 C+ 11.20
Tequiza
4.50 67.53 $ 9.99 for 12 pack 12.0 127 C+ Not Available
Heineken Light
3.50 67.37 $ 13.99 for 12 pack 12.0 99 C+ 6.80
Hornsby 's Hard Cider - Draft Cider 6.00 63.88 $ 6.49 per 6 pack 12.0 179 C Not Available
Milwaukee 's Best Premium
4.30 64.02 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 128 C 11.40
Colt 45 Malt Liquor
6.10 67.59 $ 4.49 for 4 pack of 16oz 12.0 172 C+ Not Available
Sapporo Premium
4.90 66.70 $ 14.99 per 12 pack
Calorie info from Sapporo 12.0 140 C+ 10.30
Michelob Light
4.10 64.05 12.0 123 C 8.90
Busch
4.30 71.88 Beer calories obtained from : Anheuser Busch $ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 114 B- 6.90
Red Hook IPA
6.50 65.89 12.0 188 C+
Not Available
Busch Ice
5.90 65.75 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 171 C+ 12.50
Budweiser
5.00 65.71 Budweiser calories and ABV obtained from : Anheuser Busch $ 13.49 for 18 pack 12.0 145 C+ 10.60
Guinness Draught
4.20 62.53 Guinness calories directly from Diageo Drink
$ 15.49 per 12 pack 12.0 128 C 10.60
Sam Adams Light
4.00 64.06 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 119 C 7.71
Kirin Ichiban
4.90 63.52 Calorie information from Anheuser Busch
$ 7.99 per 6 pack 12.0 147 C 10.60
Red Dog
4.80 62.23 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 147 C 11.50
Samuel Adams Pale Ale
5.40 64.32 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 160 C 12.20
Kirin Light
3.20 64.19 Calorie info directly from 12.0 95 C 7.80
Michelob AmberBock
5.10 63.94 12.0 155 C 11.80
Schlitz Malt Liquor
6.20 63.87 12.0 185 C Not Available
Vodka and Rockstar
13.30 63.52 4 ounces 80 proof vodka , 8 ounces Rockstar 12.0 399 C 31.00
Old Milwaukee Light
3.80 63.52 $ 9.89 per 12 pack 12.0 114 C Not Available
Heineken
5.00 63.52 Obtained directly from 12.0 150 C 11.50
Victoria
4.04 57.03 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com
One of Mexico 's most popular beers 12.0 135 C - Not Available
Coors Banquet
5.00 63.95 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 13.99 per 18 pack 12.0 149 C 12.20
Miller Genuine Draft
4.60 61.30 MGD calories directly from Miller Coors
$ 13.99 for 18 pack 12.0 143 C 13.10
Miller High Life
4.60 61.30 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 19.79 per 30 pack 12.0 143 C 13.10
Blue Moon Belgian
White
5.40 62.75 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 13.99 for 12 pack 12.0 164 C 13.00
Pabst Blue Ribbon
4.74 62.73 Calories directly from Pabst
12.8g carbs
$ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 144 C 12.80
Lowenbrau Special Beer
5.20 61.94 12.0 160 C Not Available
Fat Tire
5.20 61.94 $ 13.99 for 12 pack - Info from www.newbelgium.com
12.0 160 C Not Available
Red Hook ESB
5.77 61.43 12.0 179 C Not Available
Schlitz Beer
4.70 61.35 $ 7.99 per 12 pack 12.0 146 C Not Available
Anchor Steam
4.90 61.03 $ 8.99 per 6 pack 12.0 153 C Not Available
Sierra Nevada Pale Ale
5.60 60.98 Sierra Nevada $ 19.79 for 12 pack 12.0 175 C 14.10
Harbin Lager
4.80 63.52 Calorie info from Anheuser Buschcontactus / ContactUs2010/nutrition.asp 12.0 144 C
Not Available
Sierra Nevada Summerfest Beer
5.00 60.31 Sierra Nevada 12.0 158 C 13.70
Lowenbrau Dark
5.00 59.55 12.0 160 C-
Not Available
Corona Extra
4.60 59.23 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com $ 12.99 for 12 pack 12.0 148 C - Not Available
Shock Top Pumpkin
5.20 61.17 Calorie info directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 162 C 13.60
Old Milwaukee Beer
4.50 58.74 12.0 146 C-
Not Available
George Killian's Irish Red
5.40 61.26 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 162 C 14.50
Pyramid Hefeweizen
5.20 59.29 $ 13.99 per 12 pack 12.0 168 C- 17.50
Michelob
4.80 57.90 Calorie info from Anheuser Buschcontactus / ContactUs2010/nutrition.asp 12.0 158 C- 14.40
Pete 's Wicked Ale
5.30 58.05 12.0 174 C-
Not Available
Bud American
Ale
5.30 55.50 Nutrition info from Anheuser Buschcontactus / ContactUs2010/nutrition.asp 12.0 182 C- 18.10
Samuel Adams Boston Lager
4.90 53.36 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams " > Sam Adams
$ 14.99 per 12 pack 12.0 175 D+ 17.20
Parrot Bay Caribbean Coconut Rum 20.00 54.76 1.5 87 D+ Not Available
Samuel Adams Boston Ale
5.40 58.14 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 177 C- 18.40
Jagermeister
35.00 75.11 $ 17.99 for 750 ml , Calorie , carb and ABV directly from Product[ at] jaegermeister.de 1.5 111 B 5.85
Pilsner Urquell
4.40 53.07 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 156 D+ 16.00
Michelob Honey Lager
4.90 53.67 12.0 174 D+ Not Available
Hornsby 's Hard Cider - Hard Apple Cider 5.50 52.41 12.0 200 D+ Not Available
Rum and Coke
8.75 58.61 3oz Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum = 172 calories
9oz Coca Cola = 112.5 calories 12.0 285 C- 31.18
Zima 4.94 40.75 $ 7.99 per 6 pack 12.0 231 D- Not Available
Anchor Porter
5.60 51.06 $ 8.99 per 6 pack 12.0 209 D+ Not Available
Samuel Adams Cream Stout
4.90 49.15 12.0 190 D 19.60
White Russian
17.70 45.83 2 parts vodka , 4 parts Kahlua , 3 parts whole milk .
The dude abides !
5.0 307 D Not Available
Samuel Adams Chocolate Bock
5.80 46.64 12.0 230 D 28.00
Arbor Mist White Zinfandel Exotic Fruit 6.00 45.56 $ 3.29 per 750 ml 5.0 105 D Not Available
Tilt Green 8 % 8.00 44.06 Nutritional information obtained from : Anheuser Busch 12.0 346 D- 47.70
Bacardi Silver Mojito
5.00 40.04 Calorie info from Anheuser Busch
$ 7.99 per 6 pack 12.0 229 D- 35.70
Bacardi Silver Peach
5.00 39.70 $ 7.99 per 6 pack 12.0 240 F + Not Available
Bacardi Silver 03
5.00 39.70 $ 7.99 per 6 pack 12.0 240 F + Not Available
Smirnoff Ice 5.00 39.54
Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 15.49 for 12 pack of 11.2 oz bottles 12.0 241 F + Not Available
Kahlua
20.00 35.29 Calorie info directly from Consumer contacts at The Absolut Company $ 13.99 for 750 ml 1.5 135 F + 21.75
Baily 's Irish Cream 17.00 28.12 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 20.98 per 1L 1.5 144 F- 11.00
Tilt Orange 4.0 % ABV 4.00 24.83 12.0 307 F-
Not Available
Coors Non-Alcoholic
0.50 16.43 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 58 F - 12.10
O'Doul's
0.40 11.73 $ 9.99 per 12 pack - Comment from a reader : O'Douls - Fat , broke and sober :) 12.0 65 F- 13.30
Miller64
2.80 83.38 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 13.99 for 18 pack 12.0 64 B+ 2.40
Bud Select 55
2.40 83.16 Lowest calorie beer
$ 10.99 per 12 pack 12.0 55 B+ 1.90
Bud Light Golden
Wheat
4.10 66.22 Obtained from Anheuser Busch $ 11.99 per 12 pack 12.0 118 C+ 8.30
Dunkelweisse
5.50 62.76 12.0 167 C Not Available
Stella Artois
5.20 64.77 Obtained directly from contacting InBev customer service .
Applies to Stella sold in most states including CA $ 14.99 for 12 pack of 11.2 oz bottles 12.0 153 C Not Available
Chelada Budweiser
5.00 51.23 12.0 186 D+ 20.30
Hurricane ( Original )
6.00 84.08 Anheuser Busch 12.0 136 B+ 4.20
Bulmers Irish Cider 4.50 59.14 Information obtained from Bulmers
330 ml = 11oz 355ml = 12oz 12.0 145 C-
Not Available
Coors Extra Gold Lager
5.00 62.69 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 152 C 12.50
Hamm's
4.70 62.20 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 144 C 12.10
Hamm's Special Light
3.90 67.57 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 110 C+ Not Available
Icehouse
5.50 70.35 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 149 B- 9.80
Mickey 's Fine Malt Liquor
5.60 67.98 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 5.99 for 6 pack 12.0 157 C+ 11.20
Miller Chill
4.20 80.04 Obtained directly from Miller Coors
$ 10.99 for 12 pack 12.0 100 B + 4.00
Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale
6.80 60.56 Strong floral IPA .
Tastes of curry , cardamom and grapefruit .
Calorie information directly from : Sierra Nevada 12.0 214 C 19.40
Olde English 800 7.5
7.50 70.76 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 202 B - Not Available
Olde English High Gravity 800
8.00 69.30 Obtained directly from Miller Coors
$ 2.99 for 40 oz 12.0 220 C+ 14.60
Steel Reserve High Gravity
8.10 69.53 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 1.99 for 24oz 12.0 222 C+ 14.70
Carlo Rossi - White Zinfandel 8.00 74.73 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center $ 9.99 for 4L jug 5.0 85 B- 7.50
Steel Six
6.00 71.46 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 160 B- 11.00
Vodka - Royal Gate ( generic ) 80 proof 40.00 98.23 $ 9.99 per 1.75L at BevMo 1.5 97 A+ Not Available
Grolsch Amber Ale
5.40 64.32 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 160 C Not Available
Grolsch Blonde Lager
2.80 44.47 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 120 D- Not Available
Grolsch Light Lager
3.60 70.73 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 97 B- Not Available
Grolsch Premium Lager
5.00 64.82 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 147 C 10.40
Kronenbourg 1664
5.50 72.04 Info directly from Feldschlosschen Getranke AG
Alcohol by volume : 5,5 % vol Kcal / dl : 41 12.0 146 B-
Not Available
Molson Canadian Light
3.90 61.94 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 120 C 9.60
Molson Golden
5.00 63.10 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 151 C 12.20
Molson Ice
5.60 63.15 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 169 C 13.90
Molson XXX
7.30 65.62 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 201 C+ 15.70
Peroni Nastro Azzurro
5.10 64.79 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 150 C 11.40
Popov Vodka 80 proof 40.00 98.23 $ 10.99 for 1.75L 1.5 97 A+ 0.00
Blue Moon Full Moon Winter Ale 5.52 58.44 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 180 C - Not Available
Blue Moon Harvest Moon Pumpkin Ale 5.76 60.98 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 180 C 14.70
Blue Moon Honey Moon Summer Ale 5.20 63.12 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 157 C 12.50
Blue Moon Rising Moon Spring Ale 5.40 63.92 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 161 C Not Available
Frederick Miller Classic Chocolate Lager
5.50 53.75 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 195 D+ Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Belgian Style Wheat
4.90 60.25 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 155 C Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Blonde
5.10 60.37 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 161 C Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Blue Boar
4.60 59.64 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 147 C- Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Classic Dark Lager
5.00 58.10 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 164 C- Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Hefeweizen
4.90 61.84 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 151 C Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's India Pale Ale
6.00 60.50 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 189 C Not Available
Henry Weinhard 's Private Reserve
4.80 60.98 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 150 C Not Available
Red Stripe
4.70 59.32 Calorie info obtained from Diageo Drink 12.0 151 C- 12.80
Leinenkugel 's Berry Weiss
4.70 42.05 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 207 D- 28.00
Leinenkugel 's BIG BUTT Dopplebock
5.80 56.98 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 194 C - Not Available
Carlo Rossi - Cabernet Sauvignon
11.80 74.96 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center $ 9.99 for 4L jug 5.0 125 B- 5.00
Leinenkugel 's Creamy Dark
4.90 54.93 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 170 D+ 16.80
Leinenkugel 's Fireside Nut Brown
4.90 60.25 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 155 C 13.40
Leinenkugel 's Honey Weiss
4.90 62.67 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 149 C 12.00
Leinenkugel 's Light
4.20 73.43 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 109 B - Not Available
Leinenkugel 's Oktoberfest Lager
5.10 57.17 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 170 C - Not Available
Leinenkugel 's Original Lager
4.70 58.93 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 152 C- 13.90
Leinenkugel 's Red Lager
4.90 56.25 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 166 C- 16.20
Leinenkugel 's Summer Shandy
4.20 61.57 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 130 C Not Available
Leinenkugel 's Sunset Wheat
4.90 56.59 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 165 C- 16.00
Foster's
5.00 65.71 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 9.99 for 12 pack 12.0 145 C+ 11.20
Fosters Premium Ale
5.50 65.51 Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 1.99 for 25.4 oz can 12.0 160 C+ 12.50
Sharp's
0.40 13.14 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 58 F - 12.10
Sparks 6.00 45.74
Obtained directly from Miller Coors $ 1.89 for 16oz 12.0 250 D 33.90
Sparks Plus 6 % 6.00 44.32 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 258 D- Not Available
Sparks Plus 7 % 7.00 46.32 Obtained directly from Miller Coors 12.0 288 D Not Available
Carlo Rossi - Burgundy
12.50 73.52 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center $ 9.99 for 4L jug 5.0 135 B- 5.50
Wild Turkey 101 50.50 97.02 Obtained directly from wildturkeybourbon@qualitycustomercare.com $ 20.99 for 750 ml 1.5 124 A + Not Available
Gin and Tonic 10.00 74.88 3 parts Schweppes tonic 1 part Tanqueray Gin 12.0 255 B-
Not Available
Boddingtons Pub Ale
4.60 59.23 $ 6.99 per 4 pack of 16.9 oz cans 12.0 148 C - Not Available
Tecate
4.25 58.69 12.0 138 C-
Not Available
Molson Canadian 67
3.00 85.33 Verified at 12.0 67 A- Not Available
Pastis pure 45.00 74.38 $ 24.99 per 1L 1.5 144 B-
Not Available
Four Loko ( all flavors )
12.00 67.86 Carbohydrates : 33.9 ( 12 oz ) - Price 2 for $ 5 12.0 337 C+ Not Available
Jose Cuervo Especial ( Gold )
40.00 99.26 Calorie info directly from a Jose Cuervo Consumer Representative
$ 22.99 for 1.75L 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Jose Cuervo Especial ( Silver )
40.00 99.26 Calorie info directly from a Jose Cuervo Consumer Representative
$ 22.99 for 1.75L 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Becks Pilsner
5.00 69.05 Obtained directly from Beck's Customer Service $ 11.99 per 12 pack 12.0 138 C+ Not Available
Beck 's Dark
5.00 67.10 Obtained directly from Beck 's Customer Service $ 7.49 per 6 pack 12.0 142 C+ Not Available
Beck 's Octoberfest
5.20 73.41 Obtained directly from Beck's Customer Service $ 7.49 for 6 pack 12.0 135 B - Not Available
Tyskie 5.60 69.75 Calorie and carb info directly from www.millercoors.com/Our-Beers/Nutrition-Facts-codes.aspx " >
Miller Coors 12.0 153 C+ 10.60
Bloody Mary 8.00 63.74 Mr & Mrs T 32 Bold & Spicy Bloody Mary
Mix mixed 4 parts mix to 1 part 80 proof vodka 12.0 239 C Not Available
Margarita 10.00 45.70 3 Parts Jose Cuervo Margarita Mix , 1 part Jose Cuervo Gold 12.0 417 D Not Available
Natural Light
4.20 84.25 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch $ 18.69 for 30 pack 12.0 95 B+ 3.20
Natural Ice
5.90 86.49 Lowest calorie beer with the most alcohol !
Beer calories and ABV directly from Anheuser Busch
$ 15.99 for 30 pack 12.0 130 A - 4.00
Hurricane High Gravity
8.10 72.81 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch $ 1.89 for 24oz 12.0 212 B- 13.30
Tilt Green 10 % 10.00 44.63 Nutritional information obtained from : Anheuser Busch 12.0 427 D- Not Available
Champagne - Moet Imperial ( White Star )
12.50 87.26 Obtained directly from contact@moet.fr $ 29.99 per 750 ml 5.0 114 A - Not Available
Champagne - Dom Perignon ( Year 2000 )
12.50 90.58 Obtained directly from contact@moet.fr $ 144.99 for 750 ml 5.0 110 A Not Available
Mike 's " The Classic Margarita " 5.50 41.59 Obtained directly from 12.0 252 D- 35.35
Patron Anejo Tequila
40.00 97.60 Obtained directly from info@patronspirits.com $ 46.99 for 750 ml 1.5 98 A+ 0.00
Patron Silver Tequila
40.00 95.89 Patron calories directly from info@patronspirits.com $ 39.99 for 750 ml 1.5 99 A+ 0.00
Bass
5.10 62.30 Obtained directly from yourbeeradvisor@bassbeer.com : Bass is 5.1 percent alcohol by volume and contains 156 calories and 12.9 grams of carbs in each 12 - ounce serving .
$ 8.49 per 6 pack 12.0 156 C 12.90
Wild Turkey 80 40.00 97.23 Obtained directly from wildturkeybourbon@qualitycustomercare.com $ 15.99 for 750 ml 1.5 98 A + Not Available
Twisted Tea Light - Hard Iced Tea 4.00 66.29 Obtained from 12.0 115 C+ 8.80
Bacardi 151 Rum
75.50 98.28 Obtained directly from consumerservices@spiritsinfo.com 23.99 for 750ml 1.5 183 A+ 0.00
Bacardi Gold Rum
40.00 97.73 Obtained directly from consumerservices@spiritsinfo.com $ 17.99 for 1.75L 1.5 98 A+ 0.00
Jack Daniels
Whiskey
40.00 97.73 Obtained directly from : 1.5 98 A+ 0.00
Pig's Eye Lean Light
4.20 84.70 Obtained directly from brewery website : www.pigseyebeer.com
12.0 95 B+ 2.60
Pig's Eye Ice Beer
5.90 83.91 Obtained directly from brewery website : www.pigseyebeer.com 12.0 134 B+ 4.10
Sambuca Romana 42.00 58.17 An Italian Liqueur $ 25.99 for 750 ml 1.5 172 C-
Not Available
Franzia Crisp White Wine 9.00 68.06
Obtained directly from Franzia customer service $ 8.99 for 5L 5.0 105 C+ Not Available
Chianti - Davinci
13.00 82.58 $ 9.99 per 750 ml 5.0 125 B+ Not Available
Tilt Purple 12 % 12.00 43.48 Nutritional information obtained from : Anheuser Busch 12.0 526 D- Not Available
Tilt Red 12 % 12.00 53.68 Nutritional information obtained from : Anheuser Busch 12.0 426 D+ 46.80
Smirnoff Twist of Green Apple Vodka 35.00 89.65
Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 12.99 for 750 ml 1.5 93 A-
Not Available
Johnnie Walker - Red Label 43 % 43.00 97.56
Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 26.98 for 1.75L 1.5 105 A+ Not Available
Sauvingnon Blanc
13.30 73.85 Beaulieu Vineyard - 04 Coastal Estates Sauvignon Blanc 5.0 143 B- 2.50
Rumple Minze - Peppermint 50.00 72.63 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink 16.99 for 750ml 1.5 164 B- 10.00
Crown Royal - Special Reserve
40.00 99.26 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 22.49 for 750 ml 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Smithwicks Draught
4.50 67.00 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink 12.0 128 C+ 7.10
Smirnoff Ice Light 3.20 61.60 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 15.49 for 12 pack of 11.2 oz bottles 12.0 99 C 8.50
Captain Morgan - Private Stock 40 % 40.00 93.42 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink / en-row / Pages / SearchResults.aspx?BrandId=5035&VariantId=23976 $ 24.99 for 750 ml 1.5 102 A 1.80
Mojito
6.30 56.63 1.5 oz BACARDI Rum , 12 fresh spearmint leaves
1/2 lime , 7 oz club soda , 4 tsp. sugar
1.26 multiplier to get to 12 oz 12.0 212 C - Not Available
Sierra Nevada Bigfoot
9.60 55.44 Sierra Nevada 12.0 330 C- 32.10
Seagrams 7
40.00 92.06 $ 20.99 1.75L bottle 1.5 104 A Not Available
Franzia Chillable Red 9.00 68.06
Obtained directly from Franzia customer service $ 9.99 for 5 liter box 5.0 105 C + Not Available
Franzia Cabernet Sauvingon
12.00 90.75
Wine calories directly from Franzia customer service $ 9.99 for 5 liter box 5.0 105 A Not Available
Franzia Merlot Wine 12.50 94.53
Obtained directly from Franzia customer service $ 9.99 for 5 liter box 5.0 105 A Not Available
Franzia Shiraz Wine 13.00 93.84
Obtained directly from Franzia customer service $ 9.99 for 5 liter box 5.0 110 A Not Available
Captain Morgan - Long Island Iced Tea 17.00 60.44 Obtained directly from Diageo Drink $ 20.99 for 1.75L 1.5 67 C 6.70
Charles Shaw - Cabernet Sauvignon 12.50 83.41 $ 1.99 per 750 ml 5.0 119 B+ Not Available
Michelob ULTRA Pomegranate Raspberry 4.00 80.24 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 95 B+ 5.50
Karl Strauss - Red Trolley
Ale
5.80 54.72 Calorie and ABV obtained directly from Karl Strauss
$ 19.29 per 12 pack 12.0 202 D+ Not Available
Karl Strauss - Amber Lager
4.20 49.71 Calorie and ABV obtained directly from Karl Strauss $ 19.29 per 12 pack 12.0 161 D Not Available
Carlsberg Export
5.00 62.69 189 calories for 440 ml 12.0 152 C Not Available
Hakutsuru Premium Sake 15.50 74.97
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 5.0 164 B- Not Available
Tuaca Liqueur 35.00 75.80
Info directly from Tuaca Customer Service : 1.5 fluid ounce of Tuaca contains 110 calories and 6.3 grams of carbohydrates .
$ 19.99 per 750 ml 1.5 110 B Not Available
Disaronno - Amaretto Di Saronno 28.00 52.94 17.99 per 750ml
Calorie and ABV information confirmed by Disarrono Amaretto Consumer Services 1.5 126 D+ 13.50
Courvoisier XO Cognac 40.00 92.06 $ 109.99 per 750 ml 1.5 104 A Not Available
Patron Gran Patron Burdeos Anejo 40.00 97.60 $ 387.59 for 750ml 1.5 98 A+ Not Available
Bushmills Irish Whiskey 40.00 97.23 Calorie info from Diageo Drink
$ 36.99 for 1.75L 1.5 98 A+ 0.00
TGIF - On The Rocks Mudslide 10.00 26.07 Calorie info directly from www.knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 5.0 305 F- 26.00
Godiva - Chocolate Cream Liqueur 15.00 28.59 Calorie info from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 1.5 125 F- 2.60
Labatt Sterling
4.00 82.86 Beer calorie information directly from : 12.0 92 B+ Not Available
Sailor Jerry Spiced Navy Rum 46.00 93.26
Waiting on email back from Sailor Jerry to confirm calorie information .
It is not possible that a 46 % ABV drink only has 69 calories per 1 oz as many other sites have listed 1.5 118 A Not Available
Duvel
8.50 76.05 330ml/198 calorie
$ 3.69 for 11.2 oz at BevMo 12.0 213 B Not Available
Three Olives Naked Vodka 40.00 96.25 Calorie and ABV info obtained from FAQ on Three Olives /
$ 29.99 per 1.75L 1.5 99 A + Not Available
Cointreau Triple Sec 40.00 66.87 Calories and ABV from : 1.5 143 C+ 11.10
Hpnotiq 17.00 36.48 Calorie information obtained directly from the manufacturer Heaven Hill Distilleries , Inc. ( most calorie sites have the wrong info for this )
$ 20.99 per 750 ml 1.5 111 F + Not Available
Absinthe 50.00 77.09 1.5 155 B 0.00
Vermouth - Martini Rosso Vermouth
16.00 57.75 Calorie information directly from MARTINI & ROSSI Consumer Services 1.5 66 C- 6.00
MARTINI & ROSSI Asti 7.00 46.32 Calorie information directly from : MARTINI & ROSSI Consumer Services 5.0 120 D 15.00
MARTINI & ROSSI Extra Dry 18.00 89.33 Calorie information directly from MARTINI & ROSSI Consumer Services 5.0 160 A- 5.00
Malibu Rum
21.00 61.76 Info directly from Consumer contacts at The Absolut Company 1.5 81 C 7.50
Bulmers Light Irish Cider 4.50 86.62 Information obtained from Bulmers
330 ml = 11oz 355ml = 12oz 12.0 99 A-
Not Available
Wyder 's Apple Cider 5.00 63.52 Nutritional info directly from the bottle
$ 8.99 per 6 pack 12.0 150 C 21.00
Wyder 's Raspberry Cider 4.00 63.52
Nutritional info directly from the bottle
$ 8.99 per 6 pack 12.0 120 C 17.00
Wyder 's Pear Cider 4.00 54.45 Nutritional info directly from the bottle
$ 8.99 per 6 pack 12.0 140 D+ 22.00
Dos Equis Amber
4.60 59.88 Obtained directly from ccmcerveza@qualitycustomercare.com 12.0 146 C-
Not Available
Dos Equis Lager
4.60 61.87 Obtained directly from ccmcerveza@qualitycustomercare.com 12.0 142 C Not Available
Newcastle Brown Ale
4.70 64.69 Calorie and ABV obtained directly from newcastlebrownale@qualitycustomercare.com 12.0 138 C 9.60
Strongbow Dry Cider 5.00 67.10 Calorie info directly off 16.9 oz can from BevMo 12.0 142 C+ Not Available
Asahi Super Dry
4.90 62.67 Calorie info directly from Asahi 12.0 149 C Not Available
Asahi Black
5.30 60.48 Info directly from Asahi 12.0 167 C Not Available
Bowman 's Vodka 40.00 98.23 $ 9.69/1.75 ltr at Goody Goody Liquor 1.5 97 A+ 0.00
Hoegaarden
White
4.90 58.73 Calorie info directly from info.belgium(at)inbev.com
$ 6.99/6 - Pack 12.0 159 C - Not Available
Screwdriver
13.30 68.69 8 oz orange juice / 4oz 80 proof vodka 12.0 369 C+ 24.00
Vodka and Diet Coke
13.30 98.24 4oz 80 proof Smirnoff Vodka / 8 oz Diet Coke 12.0 258 A+ 0.00
Chivas Regal Premium Scotch
Whisky
40.00 92.06 $ 46.00/1.75L 1.5 104 A 0.00
Glenfiddich Scotch Whisky 40.00 97.60 100 ml = 220 kcal .
Calorie information from Glen Fiddich 1.5 98 A+ 0.00
Jim Beam Kentuckty Straight Bourbon Whiskey 40.00 95.29 Calorie information directly from : customercare ( at) jimbeam.onlineecare.com
$ 11.99 for 750 ml 1.5 100 A + 0.00
Jeremiah Weed Bourbon 50.00 79.41 Calorie information directly from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 1.5 150 B Not Available
Jeremiah Weed - Spiked Cola 5.80 48.91 Calorie info directly from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 12.0 226 D Not Available
Jeremiah Weed - Roadhouse Tea 5.80 32.80 Calorie info directly from knowyourdiegodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 12.0 337 F 56.80
Jeremiah Weed - Lightning Lemonade 5.80 45.86 Calorie info directly from knowyourdiegodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 12.0 241 D Not Available
Gordons - Dry Gin 40.00 99.26 Info directly from knowyourdiegodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink
$ 14.99 per 1.75L at BevMo 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Yukon Jack 50.00 73.07 Calorie info directly from knowyourdiegodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 1.5 163 B- 10.40
TGIF - On The Rocks White Russian
12.50 32.72 Calorie info directly from knowyourdiegodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 5.0 303 F 13.60
Shiner Light Blonde
4.20 80.85 Info directly from 12.0 99 B+ Not Available
Shiner Bock
4.40 59.05 Calorie info directly from Shiner 12.0 142 C - Not Available
Shiner Blonde
4.40 59.89 Calorie info directly from Shiner 12.0 140 C - Not Available
Shiner Light
4.00 63.52 Calorie info from Shiner 12.0 120 C Not Available
Shiner Hefeweizen
5.40 59.14 Calorie info from Shiner 12.0 174 C-
Not Available
Labatt Blue
5.00 70.58 Calore info directly from consumeraffairs ( at) nabreweries.com 12.0 135 B-
Not Available
Labatt Blue Light
4.00 70.58 Calore info directly from consumeraffairs ( at) nabreweries.com 12.0 108 B-
Not Available
Imperial
4.60 58.44 Calore info directly from consumeraffairs ( at) nabreweries.com 12.0 150 C-
Not Available
Jameson Irish Whiskey 40.00 92.06 1.5 104 A Not Available
Dogfish Head 60 min IPA
6.00 54.71 12.0 209 D+ Not Available
Irish Car Bomb
6.90 58.97 12 oz Guinness ( 4.2 % ABV )
0.75 oz Baily 's Irish Cream ( 17 % ABV )
0.75 oz Jameson Whiskey ( 40 % ABV )
.888 multipier ( to get down to 12 oz . )
12.0 223 C- Not Available
Jager Bomb
8.75 38.78 4.5 oz Red Bull
1.5 oz shot of Jager
6.0 215 F + Not Available
Long Island Iced Tea 23.80 85.74 1 oz Smirnoff Vodka , 1 oz Jose Cuervo Tequila
1 oz Captain Morgan Rum , 1 oz Gordons Gin
1.5 oz Sweet and Sour Mix , 1 oz Coke
Totals 6.5 oz - 1.84 multiplier to get to 12 oz 12.0 529 A- 32.50
New Belgium Sunshine Wheat
4.80 63.09 Info from www.newbelgium.com
12.0 145 C Not Available
Modelo Especial
4.40 57.83 Obtained from crownimportsllc.com 12.0 145 C-
Not Available
Tsingtao
4.80 58.26 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com 12.0 157 C-
Not Available
Negra Modelo
5.40 60.54 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com 12.0 170 C Not Available
Pacifico
4.40 57.83 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com 12.0 145 C-
Not Available
St. Pauli Girl - Lager
4.90 63.10 Calorie info from crownimportsllc.com 12.0 148 C Not Available
Shock Top Belgian
White
5.20 59.34 Calories from Anheuser Buschcontactus / ContactUs2010/nutrition.asp 12.0 167 C- 14.60
1554 Enlightened Black Ale
5.60 53.90 Info from www.newbelgium.com
12.0 198 D+ Not Available
Skinny Girl Margarita
12.70 80.68 Calorie info from12.0 300 B+ 11.00
Knob Creek Bourbon 50.00 99.26 Calorie info from Knob Creek website , smallbatch.com 1.5 120 A+ 0.00
Smirnoff Twist of Raspberry Vodka 35.00 91.62 Info from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 1.5 91 A 1.60
Don Julio Blanco Tequila 40.00 99.26 Info from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Sayuri Nigori Sake 12.50 70.69
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 5.0 140 B- Not Available
Hakutsuru Superior Sake 14.50 79.41
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 5.0 145 B Not Available
Hakutsuru Draft Sake 14.00 76.67
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 12.0 348 B
Not Available
Hakutsuru Plum Wine 12.50 52.82
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 5.0 188 D+ Not Available
Hakutsuru Plum Wine Slim 10.50 52.66
Info directly from representative at hakutsuru.co.jp 5.0 158 D+ Not Available
Belle - Vue Selection Lambic
6.00 70.58 Calorie info directly from info.belgium(at)inbev.com 12.0 162 B-
Not Available
Leffe Tripel
8.50 65.32 Calorie info directly from info.belgium(at)inbev.com 12.0 248 C+
Not Available
Ozeki Sake ( Regular Type ) 16.00 83.08 Calorie info directly from question ( at)ozekisake.com 5.0 153 B+ 5.39
Yuengling Lager
4.60 61.74 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 12 12.0 142 C 12.00
Yuengling Light Lager
3.50 67.37 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 8.8 12.0 99 C+ 8.80
Yuengling Premium
4.60 61.74 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 12 12.0 142 C 12.00
Yuengling Premium Light
3.30 64.17 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 6.8 12.0 98 C Not Available
Yuengling Black & Tan
4.80 57.90 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 15 12.0 158 C- 15.00
Yuengling Porter
4.80 56.47 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 15 12.0 162 C- 15.00
Yuengling Chesterfield Ale
5.20 53.57 Calorie info directly from Marketing Manager at D.G. Yuengling & Son , Inc .
Carbs 10.5 12.0 185 D+ 10.50
Midori 20.00 47.76 Calorie info directly from Suntory International Corp. 1.5 100 D Not Available
Jose Cuervo Light Margarita 9.95 69.71 12.0 272 C+
Not Available
Harp Lager
4.70 58.54 12.0 153 C-
Not Available
Ketel One Vodka
40.00 99.26 Calorie info from : Diageo Drink 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
E & J Brandy VSOP 40.00 96.40 65.9 calories per ounce , .3 gm carbs per oz .
Info directly from ConsumerRelations ( at)ejgallo.com 1.5 99 A+ 0.45
E&J Brandy 40.00 98.03 Calorie info directly from ConsumerRelations ( at)ejgallo.com 1.5 97 A+ Not Available
E&J Cognac 40.00 96.40 Calorie info directly from ConsumerRelations ( at)ejgallo.com 1.5 99 A+ Not Available
E&J XO Brandy 40.00 96.40 Calorie info directly from ConsumerRelations ( at)ejgallo.com 1.5 99 A+ Not Available
MGD 64 Lemonade
2.80 83.38 Alcohol and calorie info directly from the bottle .
2.4 carbs 12.0 64 B+ 2.40
Beefeater Gin 47.00 97.36 Calorie info directly from BeefeaterGin( at) pernod-ricard.com 0 carbs 1.5 115 A+ Not Available
Coronado Brewing Orange Ave Wit
5.20 65.20 Calorie info directly from Coronado Brewing Company representative 12.0 152 C+ Not Available
Coronado Golden - Coronado Brewing Co .
5.40 68.61 Calorie info directly from Coronado Brewing Company representative 12.0 150 C+ Not Available
Coronado Idiot IPA
8.50 67.21 Calorie info directly from Coronado Brewing Company representative 12.0 241 C+
Not Available
Mike 's Lite Hard Lemonade
3.20 52.22 mike 's lite hard lemonade is made with 100 percent natural sweeteners , real , fresh lemon juice and our patented neutral malt base to offer a light , crisp and refreshing change of taste from the everyday light beer .
12.0 117 D+ 15.00
Bud Ice
5.50 77.07 Source Anheuser Busch 12.0 136 B 4.00
Hurricane Ice
7.50 81.67 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 175 B+ Not Available
Fireball Whisky 33.00 72.79 Calorie and ABV directly from Consumer Affairs Associate Buffalo Trace Distillery 1.5 108 B - Not Available
Natty Daddy
8.00 84.23 Obtained directly from Anheuser Busch
$ 1.29 /24 - ounce can 12.0 181 B+ 5.00
Mimosa
6.25 55.66 1 part champagne , 1 part orange juice .
5.0 89 C- Not Available
Cranberry Vodka ( Cape Cod )
10.91 60.62 1.5 parts vodka to 4 parts cranberry juice 12.0 343 C Not Available
Alaskan Amber
5.30 57.72 Info directly from Alaskan Brewing Co Brew Crew 12.0 175 C - Not Available
Alaskan IPA
6.20 66.38 Info directly from Alaskan Brewing Co Brew Crew 12.0 178 C+ Not Available
Alaskan Pale
5.20 66.07 Info directly from Alaskan Brewing Co Brew Crew 12.0 150 C+ Not Available
Bud Light Platinum
6.00 83.46 Calorie info directly from the bottle .
4.4g Carbs 12.0 137 B+ 4.40
Grahams 2007 Vintage Port 20.00 69.43 Calorie and alcohol information directly from Premium Port Wines , Inc. 5.0 229 C+ Not Available
Alexander Keiths Pale Ale
5.40 64.72 Calorie info directly from Anheuser Busch 12.0 159 C 11.70
Sparks Lemonade
8.00 58.19 Calorie info directly from www.millercoors.com/our-beers/nutrition-facts-codes.aspx " >
Miller Coors 12.0 262 C- 26.60
Greens Tripel Blonde Ale
8.50 78.63 Info directly from the bottle .
9 carbs per 12 oz 12.0 206 B 9.00
Tooheys Old
4.40 64.01 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 131 C Not Available
Tooheys New
4.60 64.94 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 135 C Not Available
Hahn Premium
5.00 65.26 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 146 C+ Not Available
Hahn Premium Light
2.60 51.61 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 96 D+ Not Available
James Boags Premium Light
2.90 60.07 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 92 C Not Available
James Boags Premium
5.00 67.10 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 142 C+ Not Available
West End Draught
4.50 65.46 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 131 C+ Not Available
Emu Draft
3.00 53.94 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 106 D+ Not Available
Boags XXX Ale
4.80 66.29 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 138 C+ Not Available
Boags Draught
4.60 66.92 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 131 C+ Not Available
XXXX Bitter
4.60 66.92 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 131 C+ Not Available
Emu Bitter
4.00 53.68 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 142 D+ Not Available
Swan Draught
4.50 67.00 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 128 C+ Not Available
Steinlager Classic
5.00 65.26 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 146 C+ Not Available
Southwark Bitter
4.50 63.52 Calorie info directly from Lion 12.0 135 C Not Available
Victoria Bitter
4.60 64.94 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 135 C Not Available
Carlsberg Elephant
7.20 64.42 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 213 C Not Available
Valima Lager
4.90 65.76 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 142 C+ Not Available
Cascade Lager
4.80 67.76 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 135 C+ Not Available
Cascade Premium Light
2.60 51.61 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 96 D+ Not Available
Crown Gold
3.50 57.01 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 117 C - Not Available
Crown Lager
4.90 65.76 Info directly from Fosters 12.0 142 C+ Not Available
Sheaf Stout
5.70 57.78 Fosters 12.0 188 C-
Not Available
Carling Chrome
4.80 68.78 Calorie info directly from Carling Consumer Services 12.0 133 C+
Not Available
Carling
4.00 65.15 Calorie info directly from Carling Consumer Services 12.0 117 C+ Not Available
Tennents Lager
4.00 65.15 Calorie info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 117 C+ 9.58
Tennents Special
3.50 58.00 Calorie info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 115 C- 11.71
Tennents Sweetheart Stout
2.00 31.24 Calorie info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 122 F 20.58
Strohs
4.52 60.66 SUGAR - 3.72 POTASSIUM - 10.63 CARBOHYDRATES
- 12.50 Info from productinfo@pabst.com .
Brewed by Pabst Brewing Company .
12.0 142 C Not Available
Spaten Lager
5.20 61.94 12.0 160 C Not Available
Strongbow Cider ( USA variant )
5.00 68.06 Information obtained directly from bottle .
12.0 140 C+ Not Available
Trippel Belgian Style Ale
7.80 67.26 Calorie info from 12.0 221 C+ Not Available
Blue Paddle Pilsner Lager
4.80 63.09 Calorie info from 12.0 145 C Not Available
Sleeman Clear
4.00 84.70 Obtained from : 12.0 90 B+ 2.50
Paulaner Oktoberfest Marzen
5.80 62.45 178 calories per 12 oz. of beer .
Converted from information listed on website .
Paulaner 12.0 177 C Not Available
Paulaner Hefe - Weizen
5.50 62.76 12.0 167 C Not Available
Paulaner Munich Premium Lager
4.90 62.67 12.0 149 C Not Available
Bombay Sapphire Gin
47.00 98.21 Calorie and ABV info directly from consumersevices@spiritsinfo.com 1.5 114 A+ 0.00
Grey Goose Vodka
40.00 98.23 Calorie and ABV directly from Grey Goose 1.5 97 A+ 0.00
Bacardi Light Mojito
12.50 85.81 Calorie and ABV info directly from Bacardi . 4.8 carbs per 12 oz 12.0 278 A- 4.80
Bacardi Light Pina Colada
11.50 78.83 Calorie and ABV info directly from Bacardi .
11.2 carbs per 12 oz 12.0 278 B 11.20
Pina Colada ( blended ) 10.00 52.07 1.5 oz coconut cream , 3 oz light Bacardi rum , 1.5 oz fresh pineapple , 6 oz ice 12.0 366 D+ Not Available
Strawberry Daiquiri ( blended ) 9.36 79.28 3 oz ice , 1 oz strawberries , 1tsp powdered sugar , 0.5 oz strawberry schnapps , 1 oz Bacardi light rum , 1 oz lime juice .
1.8 multiplier to = 12oz 12.0 225 B Not Available
Stirrings Triple Sec 30.00 64.38 1.5 111 C Not Available
Pinot Noir ( Beaulieu Vineyard ) 13.70 72.12 5.0 151 B- 3.80
Myers Frozen Strawberry Daiquiri 13.00 47.64
Info directly from Diageo Drink 5.0 217 D Not Available
Myers Frozen Pina Colada 13.00 43.01
Info directly from Diageo Drink 5.0 240 D- 32.33
TGIF - On The Rocks Mai Tai 12.50 58.67 Calorie info from Diageo Drink 12.0 406 C-
Not Available
Makers Mark
45.50 98.31 1.5 110 A+ 0.00
Samuel Adams Winter Lager
5.60 55.30 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 193 C- 17.70
Samuel Adams Cherry Wheat
5.30 57.39 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 176 C- 15.80
Samuel Adams Noble Pils
4.90 55.25 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 169 C- 14.00
Samuel Adams Double Bock
9.50 56.05 Calorie and ABV directly from Sam Adams 12.0 323 C- 27.20
Jack and Diet Coke
10.00 97.73 3oz Jack Daniels ( 195 cals ) , 9 oz diet coke ( 0 cals ) 12.0 195 A+ 0.00
Jack and Coke
10.00 61.98 3oz Jack Daniels ( 195 cals ) , 9oz Coke ( 112.5 cals ) 12.0 308 C 30.38
Becherovka 38.00 70.24
Becherovka is flavored with anise seed , cinnamon , and approximately 32 other herbs
Calorie information directly from representative at Pernod Ricard 1.5 129 B- Not Available
Michelob Ultra Light Cider
4.00 63.52 Calorie and ABV from 12.0 120 C 10.00
Michelob Ultra 19th Hole Light Tea & Lemonade
3.90 53.09 Calorie and ABV from Anheuser Busch 12.0 140 D+ 16.10
Landshark Lager
4.60 58.44 Calories and ABV from Anheuser Busch 12.0 150 C - Not Available
Bud Light Lime - A - Rita 6 %
6.00 30.86 Calories and ABV from Anheuser Busch 12.0 371 F 49.05
Bud Light Lime - A - Rita 8 %
8.00 30.80 Calorie and ABV from Anheuser Busch 12.0 495 F 65.55
Skinnygirl Bare Naked Vodka 30.00 95.16 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com 1.5 75 A+ 0.00
Skinnygirl Cucumber Vodka 30.00 94.28 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
0 carbs 1.5 76 A 0.00
Skinnygirl Island Coconut Vodka 30.00 93.05 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
1.5 77 A 0.00
Skinnygirl Pina Colada 9.95 71.18 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
2 carbs per 1.5 fl oz 12.0 266 B- 16.00
Skinnygirl Sangria 10.50 63.16 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com .
22.5 carbs per 5 oz 5.0 132 C 22.50
Skinnygirl White Wine 12.00 95.29 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
5.0 100 A+ Not Available
Skinnygirl Rose Wine 12.00 95.29 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
5 carbs per 5 oz 5.0 100 A+ 5.00
Skinnygirl Red Wine
12.00 95.29 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
5 carbs per 5 oz 5.0 100 A+ 5.00
Skinnygirl Tangerine Vodka 30.00 94.66 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
0 carbs 1.5 76 A 0.00
Skinnygirl White Peach Margarita 12.70 81.33 Calorie and ABV directly from info@skinnygirlcocktails.onlineecare.com
1.2 carbs per 1.5 oz 12.0 298 B+ 9.60
Sparks Iced Tea
8.00 54.84 Obtained directly from Miller Coors
33 carbs 12.0 278 D+ 30.80
Skol
4.70 60.11 Calorie and ABV directly from sales@ibev.com.au
Brazils number one selling beer 12.0 149 C Not Available
Krombacher Pils
4.80 66.09 Calorie and ABV directly from Krombacher 12.0 138 C+ Not Available
Krombacher Weizen
5.30 63.25 Calorie and ABV from Krombacher 12.0 160 C Not Available
Krombacher Dark
4.30 65.98 Calorie and ABV directly from Krombacher 12.0 124 C+ Not Available
Bitburger Light
2.80 55.70 Calorie and ABV from Bitburger 12.0 96 C- Not Available
Konig Pilsener
4.90 62.67 Calorie and ABV from Koenig 12.0 149 C Not Available
Konig Radler
2.50 63.95 Calorie and ABV from Koenig 12.0 75 C Not Available
Licher Pilsner Leicht
2.80 62.78 Calorie and ABV from Bitburger 12.0 85 C Not Available
Warsteiner Premium Verum
4.80 59.94 Calorie and ABV from Warsteinter 12.0 153 C- Not Available
Warsteiner Premium Dunkel
4.80 58.60 Calorie and ABV from Warsteinter 12.0 156 C- Not Available
Martini
43.10 92.81 3.5 oz Bombay Sapphire Gin , 0.5 oz Vermouth 4.0 295 A Not Available
Cosmopolitan
22.90 72.74 1.5 oz Kettle One Vodka , 1.5 oz cranberry juice , 0.5 oz Cointreau , 1tsp lime juice 3.5 175 B - Not Available
Kamikaze 28.60 79.92 1 1/2 oz Kettle One Vodka , 1 oz lime juice , 1 oz triple sec 3.5 199 B Not Available
Chimay Triple
8.00 75.47 Calorie and ABV directly from Export Coordinator at BIERES DE CHIMAY S.A. 12.0 202 B Not Available
Chimay Rouge
7.00 71.72 Calorie and ABV from Export Coordinator at BIERES DE CHIMAY S.A. 12.0 186 B- Not Available
Stella Rosa 5.50 36.78 Calorie and ABV directly from Bottle 5.0 119 F + Not Available
Tusker Lager 4.20 62.53 12.0 128 C
Not Available
Captain Morgan Black Spiced Rum 47.30 96.30 ABV and calories directly from Diageo Drink 1.5 117 A+ 0.90
Captain Morgan 100 Proof Rum 50.00 97.63 Calorie and ABV directly from Diageo Drink 1.5 122 A+ 0.30
Dalwhinnie Scotch Whisky 57.80 97.65 Calorie and ABV directly from Diageo Drink 1.5 141 A+ 0.00
Cragganmore Scotch Whisky 60.10 97.39 Calorie and ABV directly from Diageo Drink 1.5 147 A+ 0.00
Jeremiah Weed Sweet Tea 35.00 71.26 1.5 117 B-
Not Available
Murphys Irish Stout 4.00 61.38 Calorie and ABV directly from Heineken Ireland 12.0 124 C 9.20
Pure Ethanol
Not a real drink , for comparison only 100.00 100.00 7.1 Calories per gram ( 1.5 238 A+ 0.00
Fuzzy Navel - Bartles & Jaymes 3.60 29.78 Calorie and ABV directly from Bartles & Jaymes Consumer Information Center 12.0 230 F - Not Available
Margarita - Bartles & Jaymes 3.60 26.35 Calorie and ABV directly from Bartles & Jaymes Consumer Information Center 12.0 260 F - Not Available
Exotic Berry - Bartles & Jaymes 3.60 32.67 Calorie and ABV directly from Bartles & Jaymes Consumer Information Center 12.0 210 F Not Available
Pina Colada - Bartles & Jaymes 3.60 25.41 Calorie and ABV directly from Bartles & Jaymes Consumer Information Center 12.0 270 F - Not Available
Strawberry Daiquiri - Bartles & Jaymes 3.60 31.24 Calorie and ABV directly from Bartles & Jaymes Consumer Information Center 12.0 220 F
Not Available
Carlo Rossi - Blush 9.10 72.26 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 100 B- 7.50
Carlo Rossi - Chablis 10.20 67.49 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 120 C+ 5.00
Carlo Rossi - Chianti 12.40 72.94 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 135 B- Not Available
Carlo Rossi - Paisano 11.90 69.99 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 135 C+ 6.50
Carlo Rossi - Rhine 9.20 63.52 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 115 C 8.00
Carlo Rossi - Sangria Spanada 10.00 63.52 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 125 C 11.50
Carlo Rossi - Vin Rose 9.10 62.83 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 115 C 7.50
Carlo Rossi - White Grenache 10.50 69.48 Obtained directly from Carlo Rossi Consumer Information Center 5.0 120 C+ 7.00
Limoncello 32.00 49.34 Italian lemon liqueur 1.5 155 D Not Available
Grand Marnier Orange Liqueur 40.00 83.58 30 ml ( 1 oz ) of Grand Marnier liqueur = 76 calories and 6.5 grams of carbohydrates .
Calorie information directly from www.grandmarnier.com/contact/ 1.5 114 B+ 6.50
Syrah Wine 12.50 81.30 Calorie information from Source 5.0 122 B+ Not Available
Creme de menthe 36.00 45.86 Calorie and ABV directly from Source 1.5 187 D Not Available
Gewurztraminer Wine
12.00 79.68 5.0 120 B Not Available
Pabst Blue Ribbon Light 4.19 70.66 Calories directly from Pabst 8.3g carbs 12.0 113 B- 8.30
New Planet Tread Lightly Ale
5.00 53.23 Calorie info from 12.0 179 D+ Not Available
New Planet 3R Raspberry Ale 5.00 59.55 Calorie info from 12.0 160 C - Not Available
New Planet Off Grid Pale Ale 5.00 56.05 Calories from 12.0 170 C-
Not Available
Greens Premium Pils 4.80 60.66 Gluten Free Beer <>
Calories directly from Gluten Free 12.0 151 C Not Available
Greens Premium Golden Ale 4.80 58.64 Gluten Free Beer
Calories directly from 12.0 156 C- Not Available
Bards Original Sorghum Malt Beer 4.60 56.56 Gluten free beer <> Calorie and ABV info from 12.0 155 C - Not Available
Chambord Black Raspberry Liqueur
16.50 39.31 Chambord is produced from premium black raspberries , vanilla , honey , and herbs which are steeped in cognac .
It is completely natural - containing no preservatives or chemical additives .
Each 1.5 oz. serving of Chambord contains 100 calories .
Of those calories 13g are carbs .
It has no fat and no protein .
1.5 100 F + 13.00
Chambord Flavored Vodka
37.50 74.44 Chambord Flavored Vodka is a naturally flavored and unique blend of premium French vodka , a Chambord flavor infusion , hints of hibiscus and notes of vanilla for a smooth flavor that only Chambord can deliver .
Our product contains 120 calories in 1.5 fluid ounces and 6 grams of carbohydrates .
It has no fat and no protein .
1.5 120 B- 6.00
Southern Comfort ( 70 proof ) 35.00 79.41 1.5 105 B Not Available
Bohemia Clasica 5.30 63.52 12.0 159 C Not Available
Crispin Natural Hard Apple Cider 6.90 93.93 Calorie and ABV directly from bottle 12.0 140 A Not Available
Hendricks Gin 44.00 97.28 Calorie and ABV directly from Hendicks Gin Customer Service 1.5 108 A+ Not Available
AleSmith X
5.25 66.70 Calories and ABV directly from AleSmith Tasting Bar 12.0 150 C+ Not Available
AleSmith Speedway Stout
12.00 69.30 Calories and ABV directly from AleSmith Tasting Bar 12.0 330 C+ Not Available
AleSmith Anvil ESB
5.50 58.23 Calories and ABV directly from AleSmith Tasting Bar 12.0 180 C - Not Available
AleSmith IPA
7.25 65.79 Calories and ABV directly from AleSmith Tasting Bar 12.0 210 C+ Not Available
AleSmith Old Numbskull
11.00 67.62 Calories and ABV directly from AleSmith Tasting Bar 12.0 310 C+ Not Available
Angry Orchard Traditional Dry Cider 5.50 55.17 Information obtained directly from bottle .
12.0 190 C- 22.00
Absolut Vodka 40.00 99.26 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Jose Cuervo - Golden Margarita Pre mixed 12.70 57.08 Calorie and ABV directly from knowyourdiageodrink.com/en-row/Pages/Homepage.aspx " >
Diageo Drink 12.0 424 C-
Not Available
Alcohol Inspired Refresher ( AIR ) 4.00 80.24
New beverage that is being marketed exclusively on the West Coast , soon to expand nationwide .
The makers of AIR have patented some secret formula to make their malt beverage colorless , odorless , and virtually tasteless .
12.0 95 B+ Not Available
Budweiser Black Crown 6.00 69.30 Calorie info directly from DialBud( at ) anheuser - busch.com 12.0 165 C+ 10.90
Becks Sapphire
6.00 70.58 Calorie , carbs and ABV directly from YourBeerAdvisor@becksbeer.com 12.0 162 B- 8.90
Big Flats Lager Beer 4.50 57.94 Info from Big Flats 12.0 148 C- 13.50
Big Flats Light Beer 3.90 77.42 Info from Big Flats
Bitterness Units : 10 IBU 12.0 96 B 6.00
Batch 19 5.50 60.94 Calorie and carb info from www.millercoors.com/Our-Beers/Nutrition-Facts-codes.aspx " >
Miller Coors 12.0 172 C 15.00
Redds Apple Ale 5.00 57.75 Calorie and carbs info from Miller Coors 12.0 165 C- 17.10
Sparks Blackberry 8.00 53.12 Calorie and carb info from www.millercoors.com/Our-Beers/Nutrition-Facts-codes.aspx " >
Miller Coors 12.0 287 D+ 33.00
Third Shift Amber Lager 5.30 55.50 Calorie and carb info from www.millercoors.com/Our-Beers/Nutrition-Facts-codes.aspx " >
Miller Coors 12.0 182 C- 17.90
Michelob ULTRA Lime Cactus 4.00 80.24 12.0 95 B+ 5.50
Michelob ULTRA Dragonfruit Peach 4.00 80.24 12.0 95 B+ 5.50
Shock Top Rasberry Wheat 5.20 55.36 Calorie ABV and carb info from Anheuser Busch 12.0 179 C- 17.50
Chelada Bud Light 4.20 53.01 Calorie , ABV and carb info from Anheuser Busch 12.0 151 D+ 15.60
Red Bridge Beer 4.00 60.02 Calorie , ABV and carb info from Anheuser Busch 12.0 127 C 12.30
Alexander Keiths Lager 5.40 61.26 12.0 168 C 13.80
Alexander Keiths Brown Ale 5.40 57.81 12.0 178 C- 16.50
ODouls Amber 0.40 8.47 12.0 90 F- 18.00
Busch NA 0.40 12.70 12.0 60 F- 12.90
Sapporo Premium Light 3.90 62.46 Calorie info directly from Sapporo 12.0 119 C 8.50
Kirin Free 0.00 0.00
Info directly from Kirin multiplier used to get to 12oz 12.0 39 F - Not Available
Lucid Absinthe Superieure 62.00 73.85 Calorie , carb and ABV directly from Viridian Spirits LLC 1.5 200 B - 0.00
Kona Longboard Island Lager 4.60 60.88 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
20 IBU 12.0 144 C Not Available
Kona Big Wave Golden Ale 4.40 63.52 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
21 IBU 12.0 132 C Not Available
Kona Fire Rock Pale Ale 6.00 61.48 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
35 IBU 12.0 186 C Not Available
Kona Koko Nut Brown Ale 5.50 56.96 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
26.7 IBU 12.0 184 C- Not Available
Kona Pipeline Porter 5.30 54.60 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
23 IBU 12.0 185 D+ Not Available
Kona Wailua Wheat Ale 5.40 66.39 Calorie info directly from Kona Brewing .
Carb info is not available .
14.5 IBU 12.0 155 C+ Not Available
Magners Irish Cider 4.50 68.61 Calorie info directly from Kirin Gluten Free 12.0 125 C+ Not Available
Moscato ( Girl Go Lightly 2012 ) 11.00 71.01 Info from Diageo Drink 5.0 123 B- 10.50
Aguila 3.90 56.31 Colombia 's number 1 beer
Info directly from 12.0 132 C - Not Available
Cristal 4.60 63.52
Peru 's best selling beer .
12.0 138 C Not Available
Guinness Black Lager 4.50 65.46
Info directly from Guinness 12.0 131 C+ 9.60
Guinness Generous Ale 5.60 65.88
Info directly from Guinness 12.0 162 C+ 11.50
MARTINI & ROSSI Prosecco 10.50 79.41
Info directly from consumerse​rvices ( at)spir​itsinfo.com 5.0 105 B 5.00
Abbots Lager 4.50 65.46 12.0 131 C+ 9.90
Ballarat Bitter 4.60 64.94 12.0 135 C 10.30
Beez Neez ( Matilda Bay ) 4.70 66.35 12.0 135 C+ 9.60
Tennents Original Export Lager 4.70 63.08 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 142 C 11.00
Magners Pear and Ginger 4.00 47.64 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 160 D 21.29
Magners Spiced Apple and Honey 4.00 47.35 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 161 D 22.00
Magners Golden Draught 4.50 51.35 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 167 D+ 12.78
Gaymers Original Cider 4.50 53.60 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 160 D+ 16.68
Gaymers Pear Cider 4.50 47.38 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 181 D 22.00
Gaymers Berry Cider 3.80 38.52 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 188 F+ 26.97
Dry Blackthorn Cider 5.00 69.05 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 138 C+ 8.52
Blackthorn Cider 4.70 53.63 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 167 D+ 17.39
K Cider ( UK version ) 8.35 71.04 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 224 B- 13.49
Addlestones Cider 5.00 78.75 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 121 B 4.61
Magners Original Cider ( UK varient ) 4.50 56.05 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 153 C- 15.26
Magners Pear Cider 4.50 52.61 Calorie and carb info directly from Consumer.Relations@candcgroup.ie 12.0 163 D+ 18.45
Pyramid Apricot Ale 5.10 58.20 Calorie , ABV and carb info directly from NABreweries 12.0 167 C- 15.60
Pyramid ThunderHead IPA 6.70 58.84 Malts : 2 - Row Barley , Munich 10L , Caramel , Carapils
Hops : Nugget , CTZ OG : 16.7
IBU : 67 12.0 217 C- 22.50
Pyramid Outburst IPA 8.50 61.13 12.0 265 C Not Available
Sierra Nevada Hoptimum 10.40 63.12 Calorie ABV and carbs directly from Sierra Nevada 12.0 314 C 24.40
Sierra Nevada Torpedo 7.20 58.14 Calorie , carb and ABV directly from Sierra Nevada 12.0 236 C- 20.60
Stolichnaya Vodka 40.00 99.26 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Pigs Eye P.B. High Gravity Ice Malt Liquour
10.20 83.43 Calorie info directly from Pigs Eye Beer 12.0 233 B+ 7.30
Smirnoff Sorbet Light Vodka ( All Flavors )
30.00 91.62 Calorie , carb and ABV directly from Smirnoff 1.5 78 A 1.30
Red Stripe Light 3.60 55.33 Calorie , ABV and Carbs directly from Diageo Know Your Drink 12.0 124 C- 11.50
Girl Go Lightly Rose Wine 11.00 74.65 Calorie , carb and ABV directly from manufacturer 5.0 117 B- 6.70
Myers Original Dark Rum 40.00 99.26 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Pendleton Whisky 40.00 99.26 Calorie and carb info directly from Source 1.5 96 A+ 0.00
Sinfire Cinnamon Whisky 39.00 82.22 Calorie and carb info directly from Source 1.5 113 B+ 8.00
HRD Root Beer Schnapps 21.00 50.53 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 99 D+ 12.30
HRD Peach Schnapps 21.00 49.53 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 101 D 12.80
Yazi Ginger Vodka 35.00 80.95 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 103 B+ 4.70
1910 Rye Whisky 40.00 98.23 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 97 A+ 1.00
ULLR Nodic Libation 45.00 70.52 Calorie and carb info from Source
The unique combination of peppermint and cinnamon in ULLR encapsulates the winter sports experienc 1.5 152 B - 10.90
Monarch 151 Rum 75.50 98.82 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 182 A+ 0.00
Monarch Pineapple Rum 21.00 63.32 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 79 C 7.10
Monarch Brandy 40.00 97.23 Calorie and Carb info from Source 1.5 98 A+ 0.40
Grand Monarch 40.00 65.26
Orange liqueur and fine brandy
Calorie and carb info from HRD 1.5 146 C+ 12.80
Monarch Citron Vodka 35.00 99.26 Calorie and carb info from Source 1.5 84 A+ 0.00
NIXE Extra Dry
4.90 81.91 Austrian Low - Carb Beer 12.0 114 B+ 2.49
Goose Island Ten Hills Pale Ale 6.20 58.20 Calorie and ABV directly from Goose Island Customer Service 12.0 203 C- 0.00
Goose Island India Pale Ale 5.90 53.29 Calorie and ABV directly from Goose Island Customer Service 12.0 211 D+ 0.00
Goose Island Honkers Ale 4.30 52.87 Calorie and ABV directly from Goose Island Customer Service 12.0 155 D+ 0.00
Goose Island Nut Brown Ale 5.40 51.97 Calorie and ABV directly from Goose Island Customer Service 12.0 198 D+ 0.00
Goose Island Oktoberfest 6.40 56.21 Calorie and ABV directly from Goose Island Customer Service 12.0 217 C- 0.00
Ever wondered what " Real America " means ?
Or how precisely Sarah Palin defines communism and fascism ?
Look no further .
Using misspelled Tea Party placards , from this excellent Flickr gallery , we 've compiled the first comprehensive dictionary for this new dialect .
Here are 24 key words , and their associated misspelled placards , that are now charged with the fevered , dog- whistling undertones of Fox News and the new right .
Click on the images to enlarge .
( Further suggestions for the Illustrated Tea Party Dictionary are welcomed in the comments or by email . )
ACORN : Is a sinister organization which operates from a network of underground lairs to undermine democracy , and freedom through various nefarious means like getting poor people to vote .
They were rightfully revealed as being ... nice to very white people who try and trick them by Tea Party hero James O'Keefe .
America , the real America , Americans : this is code for white , conservative people who dwell within 49 of the 50 United States ( Hawaii is suspicious ) , but preferably away from the coasts .
Especially the east coast .
America , the real America and Americans all love guns and God and hate abortion .
Activities such as shooting things are American .
Activities such as helping other people to do anything are un-American .
Birth Certificate :
This is a code phrase often applied to the 44th President of the United States , Barack Obama , and is meant to indicate that he is not really American and cannot prove that he is by showing his birth certificate .
The phrase continues to be used despite conclusive evidence that the President was born in Hawaii ( see America , the real America , Americans ) .
Border , Borders :
The borders define the edges of America , but not of the real America which is a more nebulous concept .
It is at these borders that ' illegals ' get into America and undermine America by working extraordinarily hard with no help at all from the Government or their neighbors , who all hate them .
Communism :
Is used to define any plan or program , usually put in place by the government , that has any aspirations to help the poor .
The word ' red ' and the phrase ' redistribution of wealth ' are also regularly applied .
All are meant to imply that the ordinary business of a capitalist government , to provide the things that the free market does not , is sinister and evil .
Draws on mythology created in the 1950s and 1960s .
Constitution , Constitutional :
The constitution is a document that must be used to define and defend only right - wing actions .
Anything liberal or progressive is ' unconstitutional ' , no matter how desperate the logic used to arrive at this conclusion .
Torture , for example , is constitutional though ' cruel and unusual punishment ' , is specifically forbidden in the document .
But the rescue of the financial sector was unconstitutional .
English : The Tea Party does not like immigrants with their filthy foreign ways and their unintelligible gibbering in their filthy foreign tongues .
They want everyone to follow their example and echo the peerless use of language that figureheads like Sarah Palin demonstrate .
Fascism :
Any decision that does not agree with a right - wing perspective , approved by democratically elected lawmakers in various arms of Government and signed into law by the democratically elected President , is Fascism .
Obama is thus Hitler .
Both men were apparently known for their moderate views and hosting of seders .
Freedom :
Is defined as the rights of any individual to do anything , without government interference , as long as those things do not include falling in love with a member of one 's own gender , or deciding to get an abortion .
Government , big Government , takeover by : The Government , like ACORN , is a sinister organization with secret aims to enslave all Americans by providing them with cheap , easy - to - access healthcare , helping students get reasonable loans and many other such disgusting ploys .
Hope :
Is a universally bad thing , used to lure people into voting for a communist government that will eventually enslave them .
Kenya :
Is a mysterious place where monsters roam , and devilish people plot to put one of their own into the White House and thus take over the world .
It is a little like Mordor .
But with black people in .
Liar :
Anyone who does not completely agree with the Tea Party , and produces " evidence " of their contrary views , is a liar .
Mainstream Media : Like ACORN and the Government , the Mainstream Media is a nefarious cabal who , unbeknownst to most of the nation , meet in smoky dens to deliberately play down conservative ideas and promote liberal ones by using ' journalism ' and ' objectivity ' .
Fox News , Rush Limbaugh and a select few others eschew these tools and are safely above the conspiracy .
Marriage , Sanctity of :
Any mention of this phrase is code for ' I do n't know what 's right , but I know that gay people freak me out and and make me feel funny , and it just ai n't right and it should n't be allowed ' .
Maverick : Anyone who has read Ayn Rand and studiously applies conservative dogma and ideology to any situation by rote , however ludicrous the results in the real world , is a maverick .
ObamaCare :
Is the evil tool by which Government , the Mainstream Media and ACORN will take over the country and turn it into a filthy , foreign place like Europe where people have access to medical care even if they cannot afford it and are almost never pushed into abject poverty by the misfortune of getting sick .
Patriotic : Any American , preferably a Real American , who supports all wars , decries all foreigners and attempts to help the poor , even if poor themselves , is patriotic .
Politicians :
Are tools of the Government , ACORN and the Mainstream Media .
Many of them are in on the conspiracy to take over America , and subjugate the Real America .
Some Mavericks like Eric Cantor , Jim DeMint and John Boehner are fighting this conspiracy with the raw power of idiocy .
Plumber , Joe the : Code for any American who works in an average , blue - collar job and earns an average living doing so .
Unless that American is swarthy of skin , in which case it does not .
Responsibility : Means spending whatever you like , screwing everyone you can over and refusing to perform even the meanest kindness towards anyone that is not you .
Socialism , Socialized : A sinister political system in which any consideration at all is given to anyone except the wealthiest and most privileged in society .
Taxes :
Are an evil system of control used to pay for evil things like police forces , the army , street lighting and roads .
Thus tax is a tool to help the Government , ACORN and the Mainstream Media turn America socialist or communist .
Your , You 're : A totally arbitrary , communist , socialist , fascist distinction that is used to help hope - mongering , gay , liberal elites without birth certificates , Politicians , the Government , ACORN and the Mainstream Media take wealth , taxes and freedom and responsibility away from mavericks , Joe the Plumber , Patriots , America and the Real America and away to some post - ObamaCare Kenya .
© Dr. David Phillips / Visuals Unlimited / Corbis
Among the 78 research projects to receive $ 100,000 grants from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation earlier this week as part of the Grand Challenges in Global Health initiative , is an effort by researchers at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , to develop a non-invasive , reversible form of birth control for men — using ultrasound .
Based on preliminary trials in rats , researchers James Tsuruta and Paul Dayton hope to develop a technique that would render men temporarily infertile for up to six months after one or two ultrasound exposures .
The project is one of 10 to receive grants toward the goal of creating new technologies for contraception .
Other projects geared toward men include a male contraceptive pill that researchers say would work by limiting the maturation of sperm , and research into the specific chemical compounds in the vagina that guide sperm to egg — which researchers hope to recreate in the lab and potentially use to “ disrupt ” sperm navigation en route to the egg .
( Earlier this year , researchers at the University of California , San Francisco uncovered clues about how pH levels impact how sperm swim , and expressed hope that further research in this arena could yield possibilities for male contraception as well . )
In early trials , Tsuruta and Dayton at UNC were able to halt rats ’ sperm production for up to six months after giving the animals two blasts of ultrasound spaced by two days , the New Scientist reports .
The researchers believe that ultrasound disrupts sperm production with a combination of heat and shaking , and plan to further explore the mechanism at work with the new funding .
Ultimately , the researchers hope to develop a contraceptive technique that could provide long - lasting yet reversible infertility for men .
As Tsuruta told the BBC :
9 of 18
9 . The Burj Al Arab Hotel Helipad
Location /// Dubai , UAE
Background :
In preparation for the 2005 Dubai Championships , the Burj Al Arab converted its helipad into a tennis court for Roger Federer and Andre Agassi to hit around .
Why it 's unique : Sure , it may be a bit of a stretch to call this a stadium ( there are , for starters , no seats for an audience ) , but attached to the opulent Burj Al Arab Hotel and suspended 650 feet in the air this one - time tennis court provided one of the most scenic venues in sports .
When the helipad is n't a tennis court , guests can use it to shuttle to the airport for about $ 2700 .
The hotel is located on a man -made island just off the coast of Dubai and derives its sail - like shape from the region 's nautical history .
The Burj's " form has set in motion a number of other projects that look very similar , " Niemuth says .
" When you 're in the Middle East you 'll see other buildings that were inspired by it . "
Utah is itching for a land fight .
A battle with Washington over territorial rights and state sovereignty .
It wants to spark a revolt in which Western states attempt to wrest control of federal lands within their borders .
The Beehive State might just get its way , too .
In March , Gov. Gary Herbert ( R ) signed a controversial law authorizing the use of eminent domain to capture some of the millions of acres that the federal government owns here .
The law was tailor - made to provoke a lawsuit , possibly reaching the US Supreme Court , and to inspire other Western states to enact similar legislation .
While it 's unusual for eminent domain to involve the taking of federal lands , this law is a byproduct of many Utahns ' frustrations :
The US government owns more than 60 percent of the state , thus dictating whether land has been set aside for preservation or can be accessed for mineral deposits .
IN PICTURES : The Future of Federal Land in Utah
The law also comes amid a wave of states ' rights initiatives nationwide , which are challenging the federal government 's authority on gun laws and President Obama 's health - care reform .
" In this country , people are awake .
They are seeing the encroachment of the federal government more than ever , " says Amber Harrison , an activist who traveled last fall to Washington from Vernal , in northeastern Utah .
She advocates that the federal government offer more leases on its land for oil and natural - gas drilling .
The eminent domain law , Ms. Harrison says , " gives us the opportunity as a state to tell the federal government that this is ours and we know how to control it . "
She adds , " We can take some of these public lands and put them back to work for us . "
Land disputes are certainly nothing new in the rural and rugged West .
But many conflicts pitting preservationist against developer have become a central theme in Utah 's contemporary narrative – especially as education spending is cut , budget shortfalls climb , and unemployment persists .
Indeed , some blame the federal government 's barriers to development on mineral - rich public lands for keeping millions in associated tax revenues from flowing into schools .
Utah has the lowest per capita student spending in America .
Over the past 15 or so years , the state has taken an increasingly aggressive stance against the expansion of federally protected land .
The catalyst :
In 1996 , President Clinton designated the Grand Staircase - Escalante National Monument , a 1.9 million - acre swath of southern Utah that the state had eyed for energy developments .
" One small section of the Grand Staircase has a trillion dollars in natural resources , " says Rep. Chris Herrod , the Republican state legislator from Provo who sponsored the eminent domain bill .
" The people of Utah are being robbed . "
Then , last year , the Obama administration revoked 77 leases for development on Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) land in Utah .
Many here saw it as a sign that more federal control was bound for Utah 's public lands .
What 's more , a recently leaked Interior Department memo suggests that two more sites in Utah could be potential national monuments , which would put them off limits to any development .
That set off a firestorm of criticism from Republican lawmakers who said Mr. Obama was on the verge of orchestrating a massive and secretive federal " land grab . "
But according to the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance ( SUWA ) , more than three - quarters of the nearly 23 million acres of BLM land in the state is available for oil and gas development , even though only 1.1 million acres are currently in production .
SUWA is a leading advocate in Utah for greater federal protections of the state 's dramatic canyons , rugged cliffs , and lumpy stacks of gravity - defying red rocks .
Like many preservationists , SUWA sees much of the state 's public lands as national treasures in need of conserving .
It 's also advocating that much more of the state 's pristine canyon lands receive wilderness designation .
" We still have these truly wild areas , and that 's becoming a real rarity , " says Ray Bloxham , a SUWA field inventory specialist .
Mr. Bloxham recently flew with a reporter from Salt Lake City to Moab , an eastern Utah hamlet that serves as a tourists ' gateway to Arches and Canyonlands national parks .
From the window of a small airplane , Utah reveals its scenery : Snowcapped peaks slope into deep crevices that squiggle like centipedes across the landscape .
On the ground in Moab , a town once populated with uranium prospectors , residents largely rely on tourism for their livelihoods .
If development is n't tempered , they say , visitors may start going elsewhere .
" If you do n't set aside wilderness for the future , what will you have ? " asks Theresa Butler , a river guide , shrugging her shoulders .
But Representative Herrod says he'd never advocate sticking an oil well in the middle of Zion National Park , one of Utah 's five national parks .
But , he says , " I believe that we should manage the land .
We are better stewards of it . "
Many legal scholars and environmental law experts say Utah has little chance of successfully defending its eminent domain law in court .
But according to Herrod , the federal government is in violation of the 1894 Utah Enabling Act , which allowed Utah into the Union .
In his view , the law stipulated that the federal government was to sell lands held in a public trust back to Utah .
" When Utah and other states came into the Union , they gave these lands up , " says Steve Bloch , an attorney for SUWA .
" Trying to hang your hat on the language of the Enabling Act is a dead end .
That is not going to be the basis for the state to survive a constitutional challenge in this case . "
Other states have tried similar tactics and failed .
For example , the US government controls about 80 percent of the land in Nevada .
In a case in the 1990s , the state argued that this violated the equal footing doctrine , which holds that states should be treated equally when admitted to the Union .
A federal judge rejected the case .
For its part , Utah has set aside $ 3 million to cover legal fees to defend its eminent domain law .
The state has n't tested the law yet , but it may do so next year .
The moment Utah begins plowing through federally protected lands , a Justice Department lawsuit will probably follow .
Many states will be watching .
IN PICTURES : The Future of Federal Land in Utah
Brett Holman scored with virtually the final kick of the match to give the Socceroos a last - gasp 2 - 1 victory over New Zealand in their World Cup tune - up at the MCG on Monday .
Australia 's performance lacked creativity and penetration for the majority of the match , but Holman 's delightful finish will give Pim Verbeek plenty of food for thought as his squad boards the plane for South Africa .
Holman is among those players who must impress Verbeek to get game time in the month - long tournament , and while he could be considered a certainty to make the final cut he faces competition for places in the midfield .
A handful of experienced stars and fringe players were given game time against Ricki Herbert 's impressive All Whites , who would consider themselves desperately unlucky to set off for the World Cup with a defeat .
Socceroos midfielder Mile Jedinak says it was an important hit - out for both teams .
" It was tough conditions tonight , the field was a little bit hard , it showed that [ as ] the two teams were playing very cautious , " he said .
" All right , we got the result at the end .
So you know we 'll take that .
But like I said it 's preparation for the World Cup . "
Chris Killen struck early to give New Zealand a shock lead when he capitalised on Shane Smeltz 's flick - on in the penalty area and squeezed his finish past first - game goalkeeper Adam Federici .
Australia was outplayed in the first half , and even though the key objective for Verbeek was giving his players game time in a match setting - the Dutchman would be disappointed with the home side 's display going forward .
The Socceroos lacked a killer instinct in the final third and certainly the absences of key attacking figures Harry Kewell and Josh Kennedy exposed concerns with squad depth and alternative options .
Scott McDonald had the best chance of the first half when he was found in space by David Carney from a cleverly worked set piece , but the diminutive striker failed to get a good strike on the ball and then fluffed his follow - up shot .
Vince Grella and Tim Cahill were both booked for challenges which could have earned red cards in competitive fixtures , and which both felled key midfielder Leo Bertos .
Bertos was the victim of a cynical lunge from Grella but shook off the clash , only to be caught clumsily when Cahill slid along the deck searching for the ball minutes later .
The latter of the challenges left Bertos in some considerable distress and with a nasty wound on his leg , and the Wellington Phoenix man had to be carried off and substituted .
Australia gained more of a footing in the second half and attacked with more fervour , finally getting its reward through Dario Vidosic 's clinical finish after collecting a fortuitous deflection from Jason Culina 's run-in with an All Whites defender .
Culina attempted to recover a poor first touch following a neat one - two with McDonald and his second touch picked up a heavy ricochet through to Vidosic , who turned and struck the ball with authority past Mark Paston .
That 56th - minute equaliser looked as if it was to be the final score of the game until Holman popped up four minutes into stoppage time , with a neat and calm finish after a clever Carl Valeri lob played him into space .
Kewell and Mark Schwarzer were the major absences for Australia , and both were rested as a precautionary measure as they recover from injury , while Michael Beauchamp and Vidosic were the best of the fringe players .
Young gun Tommy
Oar was given a late run in his second international appearance , but the 18 - year - old barely had enough time to make an impact despite earning a yellow card for a mistimed challenge in the 86th minute .
Australia : 2 ( D Vidosic ' 56 , B Holman ' 90+4 )
New Zealand : 1 ( C Killen ' 15 )
Personal Quote :
I could read schoolbooks but sometimes when I tried to read for pleasure , I could n't make sense of the words anymore .
And I figured out later , psychologically it's because I was sensing from the people around me , especially my parents , this disapproval like they felt hurt .
My dad would say , " Hi , I 'm leaving for my trip for two weeks " and I 'd go , " Yeah " and keep reading .
I read too much .
I read in ...
AN AMICABLE SPLIT : Sir Peter Jackson , left , and departing director Guillermo del Toro who says the resignation is " the hardest decision I 've ever taken " .
Sir Peter Jackson says he will step into the breach and direct The Hobbit himself if it becomes the only way to ensure the US $ 150 million ( NZ $ 219 m ) film is made after the sudden departure of director Guillermo del Toro .
Wellington Chamber of Commerce has said that the film is worth " many millions of dollars " to Wellington 's economy and further delays may mean the film does not start shooting until next year .
Del Toro announced yesterday he had quit the The Lord of the Rings prequel over frustration with repeated delays .
He had commitments to other films and said his resignation was " the hardest decision I 've ever taken " .
" It was simply longer than anyone expected , the fans and the film makers , " he told The Dominion Post at his Thorndon home .
" It was more a factor of the other commitments asking for a start [ time ] than The Hobbit needing a date to start . "
Jackson and partner Fran Walsh , The Hobbit 's executive producers , learned of del Toro 's decision on Saturday .
Jackson told The Dominion Post he was saddened by the director 's departure , which was " amicable " .
Del Toro would continue as a Hobbit screenwriter .
Jackson met studio representatives yesterday to begin the search for a new director but would n't rule out directing The Hobbit himself if a suitable person could not be found .
" If that 's what I have to do to protect Warner Bros ' investment , then obviously that 's one angle which I 'll explore , " he said .
But stepping in as director would be difficult as he had signed writer and director contracts with Hollywood studios for two other films , with one likely to begin next year .
" The other studios may not let me out of the contracts . "
Del Toro , best known for Oscar - winner Pan's Labyrinth and Hellboy , was hired in 2008 , when the goal was for part one of The Hobbit to be released this year .
Now the earliest likely release date is 2012 .
" One of my best friends died about a year ago , " del Toro said .
" The main thing we have in common was at age 11 we read The Hobbit .
We used to spend many , many afternoons talking about how great it would be to make The Hobbit into a movie .
So it was very personal to me . "
He had brought his family to Wellington and had bought two homes , including one he called his " man cave " .
But his commitment had stretched from three years to six to make the film .
The Hobbit backers are Time Warner subsidiary New Line Cinema and MGM , but MGM was heavily in debt and up for sale .
Jackson said he did not understand all the MGM issues , but it was co-financier .
" They are in no position to do that ... I would imagine it has been a significant factor in the whole thing .
I know it 's been very frustrating for everybody . "
More delays were likely to impact on Wellington 's economy .
When The Hobbit was announced in 2007 , Wellington Chamber of Commerce said it would be worth " many , many millions of dollars " to Wellington and " hopefully this will ensure continued buoyancy in the [ film ] industry for at least several years to come " .
While the film is not officially in pre-production , work has already begun including rebuilding the Hobbiton set in Matamata .
Russell Alexander , who operates the Hobbiton Movie Set and Farm Tour business near Matamata where scenes from Jackson 's Rings trilogy were filmed said he could not comment on the situation due to confidentiality clauses in contracts he had .
He said it was " business as usual " with tours of the sets .
Jackson said The Hobbit 's US$ 150 million budget was a ballpark figure , but it could be higher if it was filmed in 3 - D .
Jackson said November was now the earliest start date for shooting , but it depended on finding the right director .
" I just do n't know now until we get a new director .
The key thing is that we do n't intend to shut the project down .
" We do n't intend to let this affect the progress .
Everybody , including the studio , wants to see things carry on as per normal .
The idea is to make it as smooth a transition as we can . "
THERE AND BACK AGAIN
The long road to The Hobbit :
2003 : The Lord of Rings trilogy earns US $ 2.91 billion ( NZ $ 4.2 b ) at the box office
December 2007 : New Line Cinema and MGM announce that Jackson and Fran Walsh will be executive producers of The Hobbit , a two - part prequel to The Lord of the Rings , to be largely shot in Wellington .
Tentative start date on filming is 2009 .
April 2008 : Guillermo del Toro joins as director and co-screenwriter with Jackson , Walsh and Philippa Boyens .
July 2009 : Jackson says
The Hobbit still technically has to get " the green light " from the studios and has no budget .
November 2009 : MGM , US $ 3.7 billion ( NZ $ 5.4b ) in debt , is put up for sale .
March 2010 : Del Toro says studios are considering making the film in 3 - D .
April 2010 : The 23rd James Bond film , another MGM project , is postponed indefinitely .
Last week :
While promoting the film Splice , of which he is an executive producer , del Toro says he has been in a " tangled negotiation " with The Hobbit because of problems with MGM .
Yesterday : Del Toro quits as director .
REEL LIFE
Sir Peter Jackson has revealed to The Dominion Post that he has signed contracts as a writer and director for two new films – with work likely to begin on the first next year – but would not elaborate further .
Other known projects are :
The Adventures of Tintin – Jackson and Steven Spielberg are co-producing three movies .
Spielberg has directed The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret of the Unicorn , due for release next year .
Jackson will direct the second film .
Dambusters – Jackson is producer and Christian Rivers is director .
Announced in 2006 , some test shots have been done in the Wairarapa with scale replicas of Lancaster bombers , but there is no start date for filming .
Jackson said Dambusters would move ahead once he found time to write a new draft of the script , based on drafts by British actor and film - maker Stephen Fry.
Dambusters may be shot in 3 - D. " That would be crying out for 3 - D . It would be terrific . "
Mortal Engines , based on the sci - fi book series by Philip Reeve .
His Majesty 's Dragon , Throne of Jade and Black Powder War , based on the Temeraire fantasy series by Naomi Novik .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 needs to think carefully about introducing a major revamp of the sport's tyre regulations next year , amid speculation that Michelin could return to grand prix racing with totally different rubber .
As AUTOSPORT revealed yesterday , Michelin is close to giving the green light to coming back to F1 after a four - year absence in a move that could reignite a tyre war for the first time since 2006 .
It is also understood that serious consideration is being giving to the French tyre company 's desire to make F1's tyres bigger - by running 18 - inch diameter tyres rather than the 13 - inch ones that are currently used .
Such a move would force teams to make a major revamp to their car designs for 2011 - and it something that Gascoyne believes needs to be thought through with great care before the go - ahead is given .
" It will have a huge impact - and it depends on how we address it , " Gascoyne told AUTOSPORT about the prospect of Michelin re-entering F1 next year with 18 - inch tyres .
" Some people are saying let 's not allow anyone to change anything on the suspension and put 18 - inch rims on it , which you can sort of see why .
But then you are going to have to change it at some stage and , if you are going to do so , why not do it straight away .
" It is something that I have mixed views about .
In some respects as a new team you like big rule changes because it is a great leveller .
In other ways , as a new team , maybe you do n't have the number of people and the facilities to cope with it - but bring it on .
Whatever it will be , we will get on and deal with it . "
Gascoyne believes that as well as forcing teams to make big suspension changes , the change of tyre size will have other implications on car design .
" The aero implications are very big as well , it is huge .
That is why I think we need to think carefully .
" Obviously there will also be less air in the tyres , so pressure management and all things like that become easier .
There are less variables though .
" Obviously with the sidewall stiffness , a variable is taken away out of the suspension system , so there is a lot more space within the uprights - but do you then start damping the wheels and all sorts ?
We need to think quite carefully about it - that we do n't end up allowing huge expense back into the sport . "
He added : " Some of the big teams may not want it themselves because they will want to maintain the status quo , but there is a big aero change with the ban on double diffusers anyway - so teams will have to design new cars .
" But from my perspective , every time there is a rule change we are not having to catch up with the two or three year 's development we are behind , so we look forward to a big rule change .
We will get on and deal with whatever it is . "
Bridgestone 's director of tyre development Hirohide Hamashima believes a move to 18 - inch tyres will lead to a big change in car handling .
" Generally speaking , if we put 18 - inch tyres on the current cars suddenly , then it will have big oversteer - and will have less traction very quickly , " he told AUTOSPORT .
" Teams would have to redesign the rear suspension , aerodynamics and brake discs .
It would be a lot of money and a lot of work . "
Gascoyne is also wary about the prospect of a new tyre war in F1 - with the FIA having favoured a standard tyre for the last few years in a bid to bring down costs .
" I think tyre wars , with limited testing , will be hard , " said Gascoyne .
" Tyre wars are great if you are on the right tyre , but pretty bad if you are on the wrong one .
And again , tyre wars have never brought down costs , they only make them spiral upwards .
So again I think we have to be careful about that . "
Gamers :
Now is the time to stand up and be counted !
The Supreme Court of the United States heard the State of California ’s infamous ‘ violent video game case , ’ Brown v. EMA on Tuesday , November 2nd .
That means that this year , the Court is going to decide whether to agree with the lower federal courts or not .
Agreeing would mean that they believe that video games are , and should continue to be , First Amendment protected speech ; just like books , movies and music .
The court disagreeing would mean that they think video games should be treated differently .
This could lead to new bills and laws curtailing video game access in states across the country .
For nearly two decades , elected officials have tried to regulate which video games you can buy , rent and play .
Every single time they ’ve passed a law , the federal courts have struck it down as unconstitutional .
But this may change this fall .
It is no exaggeration to state that their hearing represents the single most important moment for gamers , and the pivotal issue for gaming , in the sector ’s history .
Over last summer , we drafted and formally submitted our amicus brief , which was included with the other official court documents related to the case .
Separately , we attached a petition signed by you , the American public , which – by its very existence – publicly defined who the consumers of interactive entertainment are and why we care enough about the issue to take the time to make the effort to speak up and make our voices heard .
The petition established an authoritative collective position which cannot be redefined by detractors nor co-opted by others .
And it enshrines each and every signatory ’s participation in the court documents and in the U.S. National Archives ’ official records related to the case .
If you ’re an American gamer , and you care about gaming and your rights , stand up and be counted ; sign the petition today !
THE GAMER PETITION :
The profit system and the BP oil catastrophe
24 May 2010
As oil from the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico began to wash ashore in large quantities , the Obama administration reiterated its confidence in the giant oil company .
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the lead official in the oil pollution crisis , said BP had the necessary technical knowledge .
Referring to the company ’s CEO , Allen said , “ I trust Tony Hayward .
When I talk to him , I get an answer . ”
Appearing on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program on Sunday , Allen was asked why the federal government did not take over the effort to cap the well and block the flow of oil , which BP has failed to do for the past month .
He replied , “ What makes this an unprecedented anomalous event is access to the discharge site is controlled by the technology that was used for the drilling , which is owned by the private sector .
They have the eyes and ears that are down there .
They are necessarily the modality by which this is going to get solved . ”
In other words , the fate of the Gulf Coast , and the millions of people who depend on the Gulf for their livelihood in fishing , boating , tourism and other occupations , are all to be subordinated to the profit interests of the giant multinational oil company .
The private sector controls the technology , and that control cannot be challenged .
There are many practical grounds to question the US government claim that “ BP knows best . ” BP did not drill the well .
It hired contractors , like Transocean and Halliburton , to do the job for it .
Nor , judging by the experience of the past month , does BP possess either the technical knowledge or the engineering skill to cap the colossal oil leak .
It is certainly clear that there were no serious preparations made for a disaster on the scale of the Deepwater Horizon explosion , even though both environmentalists and industry technical personnel had made serious warnings about the dangers of drilling in the deep waters of the Gulf , more than a mile below the surface .
According to a lengthy analysis posted Sunday on the web site of the Wall Street Journal , “ executives , government officials , and scientists are learning as they go , even though the industry has been drilling in the Gulf for decades and has 77 rigs operating there … ”
This lack of preparation extended to many agencies of the federal government , which are under the effective control of the industries they supposedly regulate .
The Environmental Protection Agency was “ still assessing ” the ecological effect of the chemical dispersants being sprayed on the Gulf , because it never funded the necessary research .
The scientific instruments being used to measure the spill and its impact are inadequate to the purpose .
Even the maps used to identify the most vulnerable coastal areas are more than a decade out of date because of budget cuts at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
In the post - disaster response , it is clear that the company ’s financial interests , not the ever - expanding environmental destruction , have been the driving force .
Critics have pointed out that the procedure being employed this week to cap the well could have been attempted much earlier .
It appears that the company did not do so because it hoped that a less drastic approach would make it possible to restore production from what is manifestly a huge pool of oil .
Financial concerns also dictated the company ’s approach to containing the damage from the spill .
BP initially released lowball estimates of the quantity of oil escaping from the Deepwater Horizon site , delaying the efforts to protect sensitive wetlands like the Mississippi delta region of Louisiana .
The company also stalled proposals to build artificial berms to protect Louisiana ’s barrier islands , because of the enormous cost of moving so many tons of sand .
Now it is too late .
And on Grand Isle , Louisiana , 40 boom - laying boats hired by BP were sitting idle at the dock as oil began coming ashore on beaches Saturday night .
A local government official had to commandeer them for emergency use .
When the EPA belatedly reversed its approval for the massive spraying of chemical dispersants , and told BP to switch to chemicals less toxic than the Corexit 9500 it had been using , the company simply refused .
BP ’s main concern in the use of dispersants is cosmetic : it wanted to keep the vast quantities of oil emerging from the Deepwater Horizon site from reaching the surface , where the damage would be immediately visible , and used the chemicals to keep the bulk of the oil under water , with incalculable consequences for the undersea environment .
In response to the mounting popular outrage over the Gulf oil disaster , the Obama administration has begun to posture as critics of BP .
Obama appeared before the press at the White House Friday for another phony expression of “ anger ” at the delay in capping the leak , and he devoted his Saturday radio and Internet speech to the question as well , announcing the appointment of the inevitable blue - ribbon commission to investigate the disaster , headed by retired Democratic senator Robert Graham and Republican former EPA administrator William Reilly .
A battalion of top officials has returned to the Gulf Coast to pose for the television cameras in a display of “ action ” against the oil spill .
One of these , Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar , visited the BP emergency headquarters in Houston and declared afterwards , “ I have no question that BP is throwing everything at the problem to try to resolve it because this is an existential crisis for one of the world ’s largest companies . ”
Asked whether he had confidence that the company knew what it was doing , Salazar replied , “ No , not completely . ”
He then added , “ If we find that they ’re not doing what they ’re supposed to be doing , we ’ll push them out of the way . ”
It is hard to top that statement for its combination of cluelessness and complacency .
The Obama administration has absolutely no intention of “ pushing BP out of the way , ” not because of the company ’s supposedly unique technical resources and expertise , but because the Democratic Party , like the Republican Party , is a political instrument of big business .
It defends the profit interests of corporate America and the “ right ” of the giant corporations to monopoly control over the means of production created by generations of human labor — even when it means the destruction of human life and the environment .
In his statement announcing the blue - ribbon commission , Obama blamed the oil disaster on the corporations involved , calling it “ a breakdown of responsibility on the part of BP and perhaps others , including Transocean and Halliburton . ”
He declared , “ we will continue to hold the relevant companies accountable . ”
Genuine accountability , however , is impossible when the criminal controls the scene of the crime .
The top officials of BP and its corporate accomplices should be subject to arrest and prosecution , and the assets of these companies should be seized to pay for the damages .
Their huge resources must be placed under public control .
This alone can ensure that the response to this disaster is directed not at defending the profit interests of the oil bosses , but at preserving the livelihood of millions of working people and the very existence of a large portion of the natural environment of the Gulf Coast .
Patrick Martin
Patrick Martin
Lt Peters took these .
He carried an 8 mm film camera out there from time to time .
He transferred his vids to VHS tapes a long time ago and Gary and I moved them to DVD .
Sorry about the vid quality but there 's nothing we can do about that .
All I did was add some music and some sound FX and am putting this one up to see how it looks after all the conversions .
Peters was our 1st PLT leader then became our Company XO .
He went back home then returned to Nam as a chopper pilot in 1970 .
Tuff little fecker , he was and still is .
Hell , we named an LZ after him .
The myth of the “ Phoenix Miracle ”
Thomas Mayer , Michael Biggs , Andreas Pick
The observation that economies can recover from a crisis without the need for credit growth is known as a “ Phoenix Miracle ” .
This column argues that this theory is based on an inappropriate comparison between GDP – a flow variable – and the stock of credit .
If GDP is instead compared with the flow of credit , it is evident that GDP and credit recover simultaneously .
In the October 2009 round of global publications , the IMF forecast that credit growth would remain at historically low levels in the US in 2010 , and that this would constrain economic growth ( IMF 2009a , 2009 b ) .
Yet a number of observers suggest that after financial crises , GDP growth recovers before credit growth turns positive ( Calvo and Loo - Kung 2010 , Claessens et al. 2009 , Calvo et al. 2006 ) .
These “ credit - less recoveries ” were called “ Phoenix Miracles ” by Calvo et al. ( 2006 ) .
Despite the diverging conclusions , both the IMF 's concerns about credit constraints on GDP growth and the “ Phoenix Miracles ” view are based on the same inappropriate comparison between the flow of GDP and the stock of credit .
To the extent that spending is credit - financed , demand in a particular period should be a function of the new borrowing that takes place in that period .
Demand ( and consequently GDP ) is therefore a function of the flow of credit , and growth of GDP should be related to growth in the flow of credit rather than growth in the credit stock .
This is argued more formally in our paper ( Biggs et al. 2010 ) 1 .
To clarify , the stock of credit is defined as the total amount of outstanding credit of the non-financial sector and the flow of credit is the amount of net new credit extended out over a certain period .
The flow is consequently equal to the change in the stock .
An implication of this argument is that what is required for a recovery in demand growth is that new borrowing rises – it is not necessary that the level of new borrowing ( and therefore credit growth ) is positive .
If the private sector is de-leveraging , then a slowdown in the pace of de-leveraging is sufficient to boost domestic demand growth .
A credit - led rebound in domestic demand can occur even while credit growth is negative2 .
Revisiting the “ Phoenix Miracles ”
In Calvo et al. ( 2006 ) , the flow of GDP is compared to the stock of credit .
This yields the chart on the left in Figure 1 , which shows that the flow of GDP starts to rise even as the stock of credit continues to fall .
This divergence is the proverbial “ Phoenix Miracle ” .
A comparison between the flow of GDP and the flow of credit , however , yields the chart on the right .
It is easily seen that the recovery in GDP coincides with the recovery in the flow of credit and that these recoveries are neither credit - less nor miracles .
Figure 1 . Credit and economic recoveries around systemic sudden stop crises in emerging markets
Source : Calvo , Izquierdo and Talvi ( 2006 ) .
Notes :
The left panel shows the average of GDP and the average credit stock across 22 episodes of systemic sudden stops .
The right panel shows the average GDP and the average credit flow across the same 22 episodes .
The charts are based on the data of Calvo et al. ( 2006 ) .
t denotes the trough of the respective systemic sudden stop episode .
We also show that the “ Phoenix Miracle ” phenomenon in OECD countries highlighted on this site by Claessens et al. ( 2009 ) is also due to the stock - flow mismatch – the flow of credit rebounded in line with GDP after the “ Big Five ” OECD banking crises , even if the stock of credit lagged the recovery .
The financial crisis of 2007 / 2008 and the current recovery
If the flow of GDP is related to the flow of credit , then GDP growth should be related to the growth of the flow of credit .
In Biggs et al. ( 2010 ) we develop a measure of credit we call the “ credit impulse ” , which is the change in the flow of credit relative to GDP .
We focus on credit to the private sector , and compare this to developments in real private sector demand growth .
The credit impulse for the US since 1928 is shown in Figure 2 .
The correlation between the credit impulse and private demand growth confirms the importance of credit flows to GDP .
Figure 2 . US private demand and credit impulse , annual data
Source : US Federal Reserve , BEA , US Bureau of the Census
In a recent column on this site , Calvo and Loo- Kung ( 2010 ) asked whether the current US recovery is another example of a Phoenix Miracle .
In contrast , the credit impulse argument would suggest that recent developments in domestic demand ( and GDP ) are exactly what one would anticipate given developments in the flow of credit .
Throughout 2008 new borrowing in the US fell sharply ( Figure 3 ) .
It turned negative in Q4 2008 and continued to fall through the first three quarters of 2009 .
However , the pace of decline slowed , and as a consequence the credit impulse rebounded .
Private sector growth increased in tandem .
Figure 3 . US private demand and credit impulse , quarterly data
Source : US Federal Reserve , BEA .
The pace of de-leveraging slowed in Q4 relative to Q3 and , if this trend is maintained , the credit impulse could continue to rise through 2010 even though credit growth remains negative .
This is exactly what happened during the Great Depression .
Arguably due to a policy interventions by Roosevelt in 1933 , credit growth increased from - 6.7 % in 1993 to - 2.1 % in 1934 and - 0.4 % in 1935 .
Credit growth remained negative but , because the pace of de-leveraging slowed , the flow of credit increased and credit impulse rebounded sharply ( Figure 4 , chart left ) .
The strong credit impulse in 1934 and 1935 supported real private sector demand growth of 9.3 % and 10.1 % respectively ( chart right ) , even though credit growth was still negative .
Figure 4 . US private demand and credit impulse during the Great Depression
Source : US Federal Reserve , BEA , US Bureau of the Census .
Conclusion
Our point is simple .
The flows of domestic demand are correlated with the flows of credit , not the stock of credit .
The recoveries that have been dubbed “ credit - less ” only appear so because the stock of credit is compared to the flow of GDP .
If the flow of credit is compared to the flow of GDP , it is evident that the rebound in economic activity is usually matched by a rebound in the flow of credit .
The important implication of this analysis is that after a credit crisis all that is required for a recovery in demand growth is that new borrowing rises – it is not necessary that the level of new borrowing ( and therefore credit growth ) is positive .
This is particularly relevant to the US at present , where the non-financial private sector de-leveraged by more than $ 600 billion in Q3 2009 .
If the pace of de-leveraging slows gradually from current levels , the increase in the credit impulse would support private sector demand growth even as debt levels fall .
References
Biggs , Michael , Thomas Mayer and Andreas Pick ( 2009 ) , “ Credit and Economic Recovery ” , DNB Working Paper No. 218 , July .
Biggs , Michael , Thomas Mayer and Andreas Pick ( 2010 ) , “ Credit and Economic Recovery : Demystifying Phoenix Miracles ” , Working Paper Series .
Calvo , Guillermo , Alejandro Izquierdo , and Ernesto Talvi ( 2006 ) , “ Phoenix miracles in emerging markets : Recovery without credit from systemic financial crises ” , American Economic Review , 96(2):405-410
Calvo , Guillermo and Rudy Loo-Kung ( 2010 ) , “ US recovery : A new “ Phoenix Miracle ” ? ” , VoxEU.org , 12 April .
Claessens , Stijn , Ayhan Kose and Marco Terrones ( 2008 ) , “ What happens during recessions , crunches and busts ? ” , CEPR Discussion Paper 7085
Claessens , Stijn , Ayhan Kose and Marco Terrones ( 2009 ) , “ A recovery without credit : Possible but … ” VoxEU.org , 22 May 2009
International Monetary Fund ( 2009a ) , World Economic Outlook : Sustaining the Recovery , October .
International Monetary Fund ( 2009 b ) , Global Financial Stability Report : Navigating the Financial Challenges Ahead , October .
May 1st , 2010 | Inspiration
Wim Delvoye , a talented Belgian conceptual artist , has created a series of heavy - duty vehicles laser cut from steel .
Enjoy !
Also check out : Pencil Carvings and Book Carvings
WASHINGTON , DC — The Green Party of the United States condemns the attack by the Israeli navy on Gaza - bound humanitarian aid ships in international wates near Cyprus , which have left at least 19 human rights activists dead and at least 50 wounded .
“ The attacks on the aid boats is a criminal act of piracy and a deliberate provocation , ” said Dr. Justine McCabe , co-chair of the Green Party ’s International Committee ( http://www.gp.org/committees/intl).
“ We demand immediate action from the US , including emergency orders from President Obama to cut off all aid to Israel .
The policies of the US regarding Israel and Palestine up to now have convinced Israel that it can act with impunity in committing massacres and massive human violations against Palestinian civilians .
These illegal and atrocious actions now include the murder of other countries ’ citizens in international waters , ” added Dr. McCabe , who recently returned to the US from Haifa , where she participated in a coalition of over 400 Jewish and Palestinian Israelis and internationals who met to promote the growing call for the one democratic state solution to the Palestinian - Israeli conflict .
Israel had earlier threatened to seize the Freedom Flotilla ships and arrest the activists when they entered Gaza coastal waters , but instead executed a surprise maneuver at night in international waters that resulted in death and mayhem for nonviolent activists attempting to deliver 10,000 tons of supplies to the people of Gaza .
2008 Green presidential nominee Cynthia McKinney has released a statement on the massacre ( “ Cynthia McKinney Mourns the Dead of the Freedom Flotilla to Gaza : People of the US and the world must end Israeli impunity now ! , ” http://gp.org/cynthia/display.php?ID=36).
Ms. McKinney , a former member of Congress from Georgia , was one of 21 human rights activists on board the Free Gaza relief boat seized by the Israeli navy in international waters when it tried to deliver medical and other humanitarian aid to Gaza in June 2009 , in the wake of Israel ’s invasion of Gaza .
Ms. McKinney and the other activists were held in an Israeli jail for several days .
See Green Party press releases issued between June 25 and July 14 , 2009 , on the party ’s media page ( http://www.gp.org/press.php).
“ The US government ’s lack of response to the seizing of the Free Gaza boat and jailing of a former member of Congress was interpreted by Israel as a license for even more extreme illegal actions , ” said Starlene Rankin , co-chair of the Lavender Green Caucus ( http://www.gp.org/caucuses/lavender/index.php).
“ We urge all Americans who value justice , human rights , and peace to put pressure on the White House and on their Representatives and Senators to move right now to stop all aid to Israel and seek international condemnation of these acts . ”
“ We also urge Americans to be wary of the justifications for Israel ’s crimes that will come from politicians , media commentators , AIPAC , and other apologists for Israel .
These justifications are meant to cover up atrocities , including yesterday ’s murderous attack on the Freedom Flotilla , ” said Ms. Rankin .
GREEN PARTY OF THE UNITED STATES
http://www.gp.org
For Immediate Release :
Monday , May 31 , 2010
Contacts :
Scott McLarty , Media Coordinator , 202-518-5624 , cell 202-904-7614 , mclarty@greens.org
Starlene Rankin , Media Coordinator , 916-995-3805 , starlene@gp.org
The Green Party condemns Israel ’s murderous attack on the Gaza - bound Freedom Flotilla , urges immediate aid cutoff and end to impunity for Israel
• Green Party Speakers Bureau : Greens available to speak on foreign policy
http://www.gp.org/speakers/speakers-foreign-policy.php
• The US Green Party ’s 2010 Annual National Meeting , Detroit , Michigan , June 24 - 27 http://greenpartymeeting2010.wordpress.com
Media credentialing page : http://www.gp.org/forms/media
More information : 1-866-41-GREEN , office@gp.org
MORE INFORMATION
Green Party of the United States http://www.gp.org
202-319-7191 , 866-41GREEN
• Green candidate database and campaign information : http://www.gp.org/elections.shtml
• Green Party News Center http://www.gp.org/newscenter.shtml
• Green Party Speakers Bureau http://www.gp.org/speakers
• Green Party ballot access page
http://www.gp.org/2008-elections
• Green Party Livestream Channel http://www.livestream.com/greenpartyus
Recent Green Party press releases on the Middle East
• “ US Greens urge Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) to reject Israel ’s membership application until Israeli government observes international law and the rights of Palestinians ” ( May 20 , 2010 )
http://www.gp.org/press/pr-national.php?ID=317
• “ Greens : President Obama must press Israel to end East Jerusalem settlements ” ( April 4 , 2010 )
http://www.gp.org/press/pr-national.php?ID=307
The Free Gaza Movement http://www.freegaza.org
The Green Party ’s 2010 Annual National Meeting , Detroit , Michigan , June 24 - 27 http://greenpartymeeting2010.wordpress.com
Media credentialing page : http://www.gp.org/forms/media
More information : 1-866-41-GREEN , office@gp.org
Green Pages :
The official publication of record of the Green Party of the United States
Winter 2010 issue now online
http://gp.org/greenpages-blog
Advertising remains the primary means of support for online news outlets , and there 's a long uphill battle facing anyone trying to forge new business models , at least according to a report produced by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism .
The extensive report on the State of the Media examines numerous aspects of the media world , but emphasizes that , when it comes to online news , getting people to pay for content they otherwise value is " like trying to force butterflies back into their cocoons . "
First things first :
Pew notes that last year , online advertising saw its first decline since 2002 .
Numbers from eMarketer said that revenues fell by a total of $ 1 billion between 2008 and 2009 .
Still , a full 81 percent of Internet surfers say they 're cool with online ads if it means the content remains free , although " much of that is because they find them easy to ignore . "
Further , 21 percent said they click on ads " at least sometimes " — much higher than we expected — and that number goes up when the user is more active .
For example , among daily Internet surfers , 28 percent reported clicking on ads .
For people who visit at least six sites per day , the click rate is as high as 37 percent .
The combined effect of lower ad impact and revenue has led many news sites to look for new ways to make some money , but the Pew report is not very optimistic on the prospects for other business models .
Only seven percent of Americans said they would consider paying for news content and most said they would simply look for content elsewhere if their favorite site put up a pay wall .
When questioned about what possible models might be used over the next three years , a heavy majority of media firms said there would be some kind of hybrid model , merging advertising - supported content , on - demand content , free / premium tiers ( which Ars Technica offers ) , or some kind of subscription service .
Pew notes that , even though numerous companies are already experimenting with some of these mixed revenue streams , " [ w ] hat is fairly clear is that no one model will replace advertising as the major revenue source for news . "
This report comes hot on the heels of our own ad blocking discussion here at Ars ( and a followup on how to safely whitelist your favorite sites ) .
We , like many other news sites , get paid by ad impressions ( not so much clickthroughs ) , though we also offer a fairly popular subscriber program that not only lets readers go ad - free , but gives them access to some premium content .
One site 's experience , however , is not the entire industry — there 's still quite a ways to go before other means of revenue can replace advertising .
It 's clear from Pew 's data that neither readers nor publishers are ready to make a major switch in the means of supporting the production of news and journalism .
So for the time being , it looks like those ad views will remain king .
Chocked with interactive photos , animations , song and text , " The Elements : A Visual Exploration " for the iPad has been hailed as the future of digital books .
But to understand the future , sometimes it helps to look at the past .
Though the app itself took six weeks to develop , its genesis began eight years ago .
This is the story of how a wooden conference table in Champaign , Ill. , turned into a iPad phenomenon .
As with many great ideas , this one was purely accidental , according to Theodore Gray , the co-writer of " The Elements . "
Three unrelated things happened to Gray in 2002 .
One , he was momentarily confused while reading " Uncle Tungsten " by Oliver Sacks .
In the book , Sacks said he liked to visit the periodic table in the Kensington Science Museum .
Gray thought it was an actual table , but soon realized it was n't .
Two , his start - up company needed a conference table , and he was loathe to spend thousands on " one of those expensive ugly ones from the office supply catalogs . "
Three , he had just purchased for $ 50 a used industrial engraving machine .
Gray proceeded to spend countless hours creating a conference table that would be a physical embodiment of the periodic table .
It 's actually a collection of more than 100 carved wooden boxes , each representing an element .
Over the years , he collected samples of the elements to tuck inside the boxes .
You can read an extensive account here .
Then came the photos .
Gray started snapping pictures of the samples and posting them online .
BBC documentary filmmaker Max Whitby joined him in the project , and , later Nick Mann .
Together , they took about a million photos -- so many that they wore out several professional cameras in the process .
The images are posted on a website , PeriodicTable.com .
This website turned into a coffee table book in October , " The Elements : A Visual Exploration of Every Atom Known in the Universe , " published by Black Dog & Leventhal .
In January , when Apple announced its iPad , it took Gray all of " 30 seconds " to think about whether he should drop everything he was doing to turn his table - cum - book into an iPad book .
Six weeks later , Gray , Whitby and Mann had a digital version of the book as an interactive romp through 118 chemical elements , from hydrogen to lawrencium .
The book lets readers use their finger to rotate the images of each element for a complete 360 - degree view and browse through breezy descriptions and assorted trivia .
It dazzled iPad owners , including actor and patron saint of geeks Stephen Fry , who tweeted that it was the " Best App of all . "
Gray said he 's sold more than 20,000 copies of the book for the iPad , not a bad number given that there are only 500,000 of the devices in the market .
The entire journey , from wooden table to iPad book , occurred as a hobby for Gray , whose day job is software developer and co-founder of Wolfram Research .
He also writes a column for Popular Science called " Gray Matter . "
When asked whether he considered " The Elements " a website , an app or a book , Gray said , " It 's something you read .
It has a beginning and an end .
It has all these things that are satisfying about books .
But at the same time , it 's not limited by the concept of paper . "
Whatever you call it , Gray believes the project provides a blueprint for other digital books .
Two weeks ago , he , Whitby and scientist Stephen Wolfram founded TouchPress , a digital book publisher dedicated to " living books that define the future of publishing . "
-- Alex Pham
Follow my random thoughts on games , gear and technology on Twitter @AlexPham .
Photos : Screen shot from the iPad book " The Elements : A Visual Exploration " ( top ) , and Gray 's handmade conference table ( lower right ) .
Credit : Theodore Gray .
Peace Philosophy Centre , based in Vancouver , Canada ( est. 2007 ) , provides a space for dialogue and facilitates learning for creating a peaceful and sustainable world .
ピース・フィロソフィー・センター（カナダ・バンクーバー
２００７年設立）は平和で持続可能な世界を創るための対話と学びの場を提供します。欢迎来到和平哲学中心！我们来自加拿大温哥华，我们致力于促进对话及建立可持续发展的和平世界。欢迎您留下宝贵的评论。Follow Twitter : @ PeacePhilosophy / " Like " Facebook : Peace Philosophy Centre
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama has described a sprawling oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico as a " potentially unprecedented " environmental disaster .
Speaking in Louisiana , Mr Obama said his government would do whatever it takes to clean up the oil , adding that BP was responsible and must pay .
He said the focus was now on preventing any further damage to the Gulf coast .
BP says it will be at least a week before temporary measures to stem the leak are in place .
But it could take up to three months to drill relief wells that could fully contain the spillage , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar warned on Sunday .
BP is responsible for this leak , BP will be paying the bill
Barack Obama
Strong winds drive slick onshore
Your stories of the oil spill
In pictures :
Oil spill clean - up The Deepwater Horizon rig , which was carrying out work on behalf of BP , sank on 22 April , two days after a huge explosion that killed 11 workers .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has warned the spill threatens the way of life in his state .
Mr Obama flew to Louisiana on Sunday to see for himself the damage .
Speaking in the town of Venice , he said : " We 're dealing with a massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster .
" The oil that is still leaking from the well could seriously damage the economy and the environment of our Gulf states .
" And it could extend for a long time .
It could jeopardise the livelihoods of thousands of Americans who call this place home . "
' Mitigate the damage '
The president said the slick was now nine miles ( 14 km ) off the coast of south - eastern Louisiana .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
And he warned : " BP is responsible for this leak .
BP will be paying the bill . "
BP chief executive Tony Hayward , who is in Louisiana to oversee the company 's clean - up , said : " I agree with the president that the top priority right now is to stop the leak and mitigate the damage . "
The company has said it will honour legitimate claims for damages .
BP chairman Lamar McKay said they hoped to lower a hastily made dome a mile below the surface to cap the wellhead in the next six to eight days , as a short - term option .
There have been warnings that within weeks the spill , if unchecked , could eclipse the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster as the worst in US history .
The Louisiana wetlands host a multi-billion - dollar fishing industry and are a prime spawning area for fish , shrimp , crabs and oysters .
Mississippi , Alabama and Florida have also declared a state of emergency and are considering their legal options .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I remember what it felt like when , after I had completed my law degree , I was told had to go through a routine drug test before starting my internship .
Like most people who go to college , I had unfortunately picked up a drug habit along the way .
So you can imagine how much pressure I was under .
I had just finished smoking a joint when I received the “ Good News ” , but the high vaporized in an instant .
It was almost like STD testing , but without the itchiness .
Drug testing is a routine procedure followed by many professional companies and organizations to ensure that their personnel is fit and proper to hold office .
Fortunately , I have a few street savvy friends and was able to flush out all traces of THC in my system and landed the job .
But the story does n’t always end with rainbows , treasure tests and unicorns for many .
Marijuana Stay In Bloodstream For Months
Against popular belief , marijuana does n’t stay in the system for several months .
The reality is that it all depends on the frequency of use , the method of testing employed and the quantity taken .
But generally , marijuana can be detected in your urine up to 3 days after use .
As for hair and saliva tests , marijuana can be detected for up to 3 months and 2 days after use respectively .
Be that as it may , those are just variables and at times the detection window periods can change with a little smart manipulation .
But How , you may ask .
Well , here ’s my story .
Street Interventions : Do They Really Work ?
It required street intervention for me to beat the drug test , otherwise , I was going to fail dismally , perhaps shattering records in my wake .
Consider :
1. Substitution
You ’ve probably seen this on television .
Before testing , you take baby ’s urine and sneak it into the testing cubicle .
Once you ’re given a cup to piss in , you simply pour the baby ’s sample and submit that .
Whilst authorities have grown smarter with time by insisting on the presence of a 2nd party , this is n’t cast in stone .
legally it ’s been successfully challenged as a disproportionate violation of a person ’s right to privacy in line with the purpose sought to be achieved .
2. Adulteration
An adulterant is a chemical substance that you add to your urine sample in order the break apart any detectable metabolites .
The most common adulterants are Visine eye drops and sodium chloride ( salt )
3. Dilution
This is whereby you dilute any traces of drugs by drinking a sea of water .
The idea is that when you urinate a lot so do any traces of drugs .
Drug testing is n’t the worst thing that can happen to you , trust me .
Today I ’m a judge and people do n’t even know I used to get high .
Many , many thanks to all of you who have contributed to the astonishing response to the previous article on the difficulty of getting binary search right .
I ’ve never seen anything like this : in just over 24 hours since I posted the article , 541 comments have been posted , and they ’re still rolling in .
( That number is a bit inflated by people re-posting the same code - samples multiple times after seeing WordPress mangle their source , but even taking that into account it still amazes me . )
You guys rule .
Seriously .
I have a lot to say in response to it all .
Read on …
The lameness of the WordPress commenting system
First up , an apology to all of you who posted code that got mangled .
As several commenters pointed out , WordPress comments are not really a great medium for this kind of challenge : their tendency to eat less - than characters , their lack of a Preview facility and the inability to edit a comment once it ’s been posted combine to make the post - a - code - fragment process rather more of an adventure than it ought to be .
( That said , I remain astonished at how many people used curly brackets around their {source} tags even though my instructions clearly said in bold to use square brackets .
Come on , folks — read the article before submitting your code ! )
Anyway , the next time I do something like this , I will be sure to include very , very explicit instructions right at the start , and to include links to various code - fragment hosting services such as pastebin.com , pastebay.com and gist.github.com .
In the mean time , see the WordPress Support article on Posting Source Code .
Different kinds of comments
It ’s been fascinating to see how different the comments have been in the three places that the binary search article was discussed .
Here on The Reinvigorated Programmer , the comment thread was massively dominated by attempts to meet the challenge .
The comments on Hacker News were primarily discussions of the problem , of how it applies in real development situations , of what the gotchas are , and of how best to guard against them .
The Reddit comments were rather more mystifying — many redditors seemed to feel that the idea of actually coding anything was rather beneath them , and were rather affronted that anyone might suggest such a thing ; others found the idea of coding a binary search “ elitist ” .
Of course there was plenty of variation in all three venues ( for example , this guy on Reddit made a serious attempt to solve the problem , then fessed up when he realised his routine was buggy ) .
But that ’s the overall impression I got .
Sorry , redditors — I still love Reddit , honest !
By the way , Reddit had a very ambivalent response to this article , as it often seems to with what I post here : at the time of writing , Reddit scores the binary - search challenge with 44 points , but that is the result of 121 upvotes and 77 downvotes , so only 60 % of the votes were positive .
At the risk of alienating redditors , I ca n’t help wondering whether some of the negativity comes from insecurity — programmers who know they can’t write low - level code and prefer not to be reminded of it .
I probably should n’t have said that .
Hmm .
Must remember to go back afterwards and delete it .
Two of the more interesting areas of commenting ( both of which I disagree with ) were that you do n’t need to write this routine because it ’s already in the libraries ; and that coding without testing as you go is nonsensical .
I ’ll address the first of those in more detail below ; and I ’ll talk about testing next time , to avoid making this article too long .
Statistics
At this stage I ’d hoped to unveil a simple analysis of the form “ 14 people attempted the challenge , of whom 6 reported bugs in their own code and 8 claimed success , but I found bugs in 5 of those for a total success rate of 3/14 = 21 % which means Reinvigorated Programmer readers are 2.1 times as clever as IBM and Bell Labs professionals ” .
That neat idea went out the window for three reasons :
The good : there were 557 submissions instead of 14 , in maybe fifteen different languages , and there was no way I could test them all .
The bad : because I produced the Jon Bentley quote from Programming Pearls before stating the rules of the challenge , a lot of people eagerly ploughed straight in , and so inadvertently broke the rules .
My bad .
The ugly : WordPress mangled the source code of many of the submissions .
So I am not even going to attempt to come up with numbers based on the actual data .
That said , I have read all 562 comments , and gathered at least a general sense of the success rate , and I ’d say that based on people ’s self - reporting , about half of the binary searches were correct .
( Kudos , by the way , to all those of you who were honest enough to report failure ; and , for that matter , to those of you who achieved success . )
If that 50 % figure is anywhere near accurate , then this group of blog - readers are well ahead of the averages .
But bear in mind that probably some people failed but did n’t report that fact ; and for sure plenty of people who reported success had simply not found bugs in their programs .
For example , Eric Burnett claimed in a comment that he ’d found bugs in nine solutions reported as correct .
I ’m sure that plenty more “ correct ” solutions still harbour bugs , and I encourage you all to go and hunt down each others ’ mistakes !
In particular , finsprings , Aaron , Mike J , Langtree , Luke , Marcus , cycojesus , Erik Swanson and donaq ( the nine people whose code Eric challenged ) might want to see if they can find a mistake in Eric ’s own solution !
Those of you who want to find bugs in other people ’s solutions — or indeed assure yourselves that your own solutions are as good as you think they are — will find it useful to take advantage of Steve Witham ’s set of 4096 test cases .
Many thanks to Steve to providing these .
Anyway , even allowing the various biasing factors , it seems possible — maybe even likely — that our hit rate is better than 10 % .
Common bugs
It ’s been interesting to see that many of the programs that had bugs were going wrong in the same ways .
Common bugs included :
Not dealing correctly with a zero-element array
Not dealing correctly with a one - element array
Not finding a value in the last element of the array
Not dealing with failed searches ( the sought element is not there )
Not coping with repeated elements in the array
Not omitting the midpoint from the subranges when narrowing the range after a probe .
( This results in an infinite loop for some inputs . )
Pointing to the first and last members of the range but coding as though the last - pointer variable pointed to the element after the range ( or vice versa ) .
( And , yes , not dealing with a zero- element array is a bug , for those commenters who asked .
Zero is a perfectly good number of elements for an array to have , and an array search that fails for empty arrays is no more acceptable than an addition operator that fails if you add zero .
A few commenters also asked whether it ’s OK to ignore the case when a null Array reference is passed in : yes , of course — that would violate the precondition that the search is in a pre-sorted array , so all bets are off .
No array at all is completely different from an empty array . )
The interesting thing about these common failure modes is that they are all so predictable .
If , before starting to code , we ’d each taken two minutes to write down the ways in which we could imagine our programs failing , I bet we ’d all have listed most if not all of these .
Yet even knowing that , we find them hard to avoid .
In light of the list of common bugs , we can easily see what kinds of test cases we need to include in the suite : empty arrays , single - element arrays , arrays where the sought element is absent , or appears only at the end , or only at the start , or multiple times ; and of course a healthy does of randomly generated sorted arrays .
Looking at the list of bugs , I find myself thinking of the rules in Kernighan and Pike ’s Elements of Programming Style .
Back when I reviewed that book , and listed the rules that are gathered at the end of the article , some commenters felt that they were so obvious , so trivial , as to be worthless or even insulting .
And yet most of the mistakes listed above are covered in K&P ’s list .
A few of the relevant rules are :
“ Write clearly — do n’t be too clever . ”
“ Make sure your code “ does nothing ” gracefully . ”
“ Watch out for off - by - one errors . ”
“ Take care to branch the right way on equality . ”
“ Make sure special cases are truly special . ”
“ Choose a data representation that makes your program simple . ”
Then there is the rule that the I did n’t let you follow literally , but the spirit of which should pervade our design process : “ Test programs at their boundary values ” .
And the very general but very relevant rule “ Do n’t stop with your first draft . ”
And of course I must mention my favourite :
“ Say what you mean , simply and directly . ”
Why does this exercise matter ?
A lot of the comments on Reddit ( and some here ) were along the lines that it ’s dumb to write a binary search routine , and that we should just use one from a library .
For example , Michael Eriksson wrote that “ Trying to write an own sorting / searching / whatnot algorithm is a beginner ’s error ( in and by it self ) .
There are well - tested and highly performant libraries for such basic functions available in any established high - level language ” .
That seems wrongheaded to me .
A boxer never has to skip rope in the ring , but it ’s an important part of his training regime .
A concert pianist never has to play D - flat major , four octaves , hands together , ascending and descending , as part of a performance ; but he does n’t for that reason neglect the exercise .
An olympic sprinter never lifts weights during the 100 meters final , but he certainly does as part of his preparation .
Why would we think that in programming we do n’t need to do exercises that are similarly related to our day - to - day work ?
I have a hypothesis about that , but it ’s not one that ’s going to be popular .
The boxer , the concert pianist and the sprinter need to be at the absolute top of their game in order to succeed .
If the boxer ’s not light on his feet , he ’ll get beaten up ; if the pianist lacks dexterity , he simply wo n’t get booked , in such a competitive career ; the sprinter deals in margins of hundredths of a second .
They practice , exercise , do training drills because they must : if they fall to , say , 97 % of their best performance , they lose .
Could it be that programming is a little too comfortable ?
Do employers expect too little ?
Are we content just to stay some way ahead of the pack rather than striving to excel ?
That ’ll work if you ’re happy to write Enterprise Beans For The Enterprise for the rest of your career .
Not so much if you ’re hoping to go and work for Google .
So the primary reason for writing a binary search routine is not because we need to write binary search routines .
It ’s because we need the mental exercise , the discipline , the pleasingly firm , cool feel of solid code beneath our fingers .
The ability to do a binary search right first time probably correlates pretty well with the ability to write more complex code correctly .
It builds up the right brain - muscles .
That ’s the primary reason .
The secondary reason is because actually sometimes you do need to write a binary search , and the library routines wo n’t get the job done .
Or if they will , they ’re grotesquely inefficient .
For example , suppose you have a 64 - bit integer , and you need to find out whether it ’s among the nine billion 64 - bit integers that are stored in ascending order in a 72 Gb file .
The naive solution is to read the file into memory , making an array ( or , heaven help us , an Array ) of nine billion elements , then invoke the library search function .
And of course that just plain wo n’t work — the array wo n’t fit in memory .
Or consider a less extreme , and therefore more subtle , case : the file to be searched has only half a billion numbers in it ( so it ’s a 4 Gb file ) .
That will fit in memory in some modern computers , depending on how space - inefficient the in -memory representation is .
But the result of using the naive approach is that you read 4
Gb from disk every time you need to do the search .
Whereas if you could implement binary search directly against the disk file you ’d only need to do log ( 2 ) ( half a billion ) = 29 probes , of which the last 10 will all be in the same 8 Kb disk block .
So you ’ll only do 20 seek - and - read pairs instead of a seek and half a million reads .
No , this stuff does n’t happen every day .
But situations do crop up when someone needs to know some actual , you know , computer science .
And when that happens , do n’t we want to be the ones who can come swooping in and save the day ?
Next time , I ’ll be addressing all the howls of outrage about Rule 6 ( “ NO TESTING until after you ’ve decided your program is correct ” ) , and trying to escape the pestilence of “ test - driven development ” .
Stay tuned !
Update ( the next day )
If you usually just read the articles and skip the comments ( and who could blame you in the case of the original binary - search challenge post ! ) , then I urge you at least to read this comment by Antti — it ’s solid gold ( even if it does rather trespass on the stuff I was saving up for my own next post , bah ! )
Update 2 : links to this whole series
Law Pro
In terms of growing globalization , it becomes more difficult to do business at national and foreign markets .
However , correspondence to law requirements provides better opportunities for corporate development and business growth .
The Law Pro experts are specialized in consulting services in the field of business potential realization and effective management of possible risks .
Law Pro practices a customer oriented business approach , expressed in a detailed study of every customer case and accurate compliance with clients ’ interests .
A standard Law Pro procedure implies an exhaustive situation research , evaluation of a service processing and development of practical solutions for a further implementation by a customer .
The Law Pro professional team consists of diversified specialists : lawyers , auditors and tax officers , whose cooperation guarantees a comprehensive approach and a successful outcome .
The Law Pro active involvement into a number of specific business areas allows performing customer legal services at an advanced qualification level .
A better understanding of business specifics in certain fields clarifies main targets and goals of a particular situation .
Such an experience identifies our branch oriented strategy .
The Law Pro key occupation fields belong to the following business directions :
Industrial production ;
Financial segment ;
Retail trading ;
Wholesale ;
Consumer goods production ;
Investment funds ;
Real estate ;
High technologies .
Our financial segment is provided by the best auditing company in Dubai " Abdulrahman Alnuaimi Auditing of Accounts renowned for its valuable services in accounting , bookkeeping , and finance .
We are also looking after Ucci Sushi restaurent which is located in Auris hotel Tecom - Dubai .
Please contact us for more information and make an appointment to get your first free consultation !
Famed British graffiti artist
has left his mark on Detroit , tagging a crumbling wall near the dormant Packard Plant with an image of a young man and the line , " I remember when all this was trees . "
A photo of the mural recently popped up on
, and at least
photographers have snapped their own shots verifying the location .
Popular photoblogger Detroit Funk dropped by the Packard site last night and noted that workers from the local
were attempting to preserve the piece .
.
Travis Wright of the Metro Times reports Banksy did n't end his work at the Packard Plant ; he also
.
There 's no word on whether he added his mark to the
.
It appears Banksy , who remains anonymous despite his reputation as the world 's most famous graffiti artist , is touring North America , having recently produced work in
and
.
March 2010 New Home Sales surged 27 % , getting people who do n’t follow the data series all hot and bothered .
Our advice ?
Calm down .
In February 2010 , new Home Sales reached a record low .
Bouncing off of those depressed levels is not a big deal .
And as we have discussed ad nauseum , new Home Sales are an extremely noisy data series , with a confidence level of ± 21.1 %
Over the past 10 years , double digit months have been followed by flat to negative data the very next month .
That ’s very likely due to the role Builders play in reporting the data to Commerce .
The numbers work out over time , but any given month is quite suspect .
>
Click for ginormous charts
NSA New Home Sales
Courtesy of Calculated Risk
New Home Sales , 1963 - Present
Courtesy of Calculated Risk
Courtesy of Barron ’s Econoday
>
Previously :
New Home Sales Data : Do n’t rely On It Either ( November 30th , 2005 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2005/11/new-home-sales-data-dont-rely-on-it-either/
Source :
NEW RESIDENTIAL SALES IN MARCH 2010
U.S. Department of Commerce , Manufacturing and Construction Division APRIL 23 , 2010 AT 10:00 A.M. EDT
Erica Filipek or Stephen Cooper
http://www.census.gov/const/newressales.pdf
Did you know that the second most popular Facebook Page is that of Homer Simpson , right behind Michael Jackson ?
Or that the overall amount of time spent on Facebook each month is 8.3 billion hours ?
( We shudder to think how much of that time is spent on FarmVille ) .
If you ever want to impress anyone with your knowledge of Facebook miscellanea , below is the ultimate cheat sheet in the form of a very large infographic .
Enjoy !
EMBED THE IMAGE ABOVE ON YOUR SITE
[ Source : Online PhD Programs for Mashable.com ]
[ via : Online PhD Programs for Mashable.com ]
Dr. Horrible , an aspiring supervillain with his own video blog , is attempting to join the prestigious Evil League of Evil ( led by the legendary " thoroughbred of sin " , Bad Horse ) , but his plans are usually foiled by the egotistical superhero Captain Hammer .
Horrible 's life is thrown for a loop when he falls in love with Penny , a beautiful and optimistic advocate for the homeless he meets at the laundromat , a situation which complicates itself even further when Penny begins dating the boorish , oafish Hammer after he apparently saves her life .
Faced with the task of impressing the League , can Horrible overcome his own incompetence to ruin the day , kill the hero , and still get the girl ?
Written by Ted Z .
The Champions League final has been and gone , so we are now officially at the end of the 2009 / 10 season .
This would not be an internet football site without an article outlining some reasonably pointless ‘ awards ’ , but since this is a site focussed on tactics , hopefully the tactical angle will – like a newly - signed winger that does n’t appear to fit into the team – ‘ provide something different ’ .
Best substitution (s ) of the season :
Claudio Ranieri clearly got his initial tactics wrong in the derby against Lazio , choosing to play 4 - 3 - 3 with three central strikers , rather than his 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 that has been so successful .
Considering Lazio play a back three , sending out such a narrow attack was a huge mistake .
The tinkerman was always going to change his system at half - time , but being brave enough to take off Francesco Totti and Daniele de Rossi – captain and vice - captain , both Roma through and through , was astonishing .
On came Rodrigo Taddei and Jeremy Menez – one won a penalty which Mirko Vucinic converted , the other won a free - kick which Vucinic smashed in from 25 yards .
Job done .
Worst substitution of the season :
Sir Alex Ferguson taking off Michael Carrick and bringing on Dimitar Berbatov away in Munich was suicidal , and transformed a 0 - 1 lead into an ultimately crucial 2 - 1 defeat .
Individual errors can be blamed for both the goals , but you ca n’t analyse a football game solely by how goals went in – taking off a holding midfielder and bringing on a striker when you ’re defending a 0 - 1 lead away in Europe would have been hailed as brilliant if United had increased their lead – but they did n’t , and so Ferguson must take the blame .
Plan B of the season
Barcelona were awful in the first half at home to Valencia , with the Bojan - Pedro - Messi frontline unable to create or get in behind the Valencia defence .
At half - time the out - of - form Thierry Henry was brought on for Bojan , and Barcelona switched to something resembling a 4 - 2 - 4 – Xavi and Busquets deep in midfield , Henry holding the ball up and dropping deep , with Andres Iniesta wide on the left and Pedro and Messi dovetailing between a striking role and a wide - right position .
Barcelona ended the game 3 - 0 up , and comfortable .
Trend of the season
The use of inverted wingers seemed to be mentioned in every other article on ZM this season .
Three of the four European finalists – Fulham , Atletico and Bayern – all played wide players on the ‘ wrong ’ side to which their foot would generally dictate .
Other notable sides using the system were Aston Villa and Manchester City .
The Hamburg v Fulham game showed that two opposing sides using the system against each other can produce a fairly boring game when the centre of the pitch becomes congested , but overall they have made for an interesting tactical debate .
Imminent trend of the season
Brazil ’s system of playing one central striker and one winger , with an off - centre diamond midfield behind , looks like it could be the next tactical craze .
Sir Alex Ferguson outwitted Carlo Ancelotti ’s diamond shape this way at Stamford Bridge earlier in the season , even if Chelsea recorded a fortunate 1 - 0 victory .
Later on , Sporting Lisbon and then Porto tried the same – we ’re yet to see a club side using it successfully ( or consistently ) – but that could change after this summer .
Most attacking team of the season
Benfica ’s 4 - 1 - 3 - 2 system was a joy to watch all season – indeed , it ’s slightly surprising that they did n’t manage to score more goals .
Fielding Pablo Aimar and Javier Saviola behind Oscar Cardozo created a lovely attacking trident , fielding both Angel di Maria and Ramires provided support from the wings , and fielding a ‘ passer ’ at the base of the diamond in Javi Garcia ensured attacking moves started from deep .
Add in the fact that Jorge Jesus insisted on playing midfielders at full - back , and you had a wonderfully exciting team .
Individual defensive performance of the season
In the Inter v Chelsea tie , Lucio out - Drogbaed Drogba – nullifying his threat by being more physical and more dramatic – as well as positionally brilliant , of course .
Individual midfield performance of the season
For the second season running , Xavi dictated the Real v Barcelona game at the Bernabeu .
Two assists , and two brilliant balls to Messi , who missed one - on - ones .
Real ’s diamond shape played into his hands , but he exploited the space brilliantly .
Individual attacking performance of the season
Messi ’s four goals against Arsenal will live long in the memory – yes , it was a depleted Arsenal side , and they did n’t defend well throughout , but Messi ’s performance was majestic , and the variation amongst the goals demonstrated what an all - rounder he is .
Transfer business of the season
As well as getting Samuel Eto’o in return , Inter used the money they had received for Zlatan Ibrahimovic to buy Thiago Motta , Wesley Sneijder , Diego Milito and Lucio , before picking up Goran Pandev from Lazio in January .
Therefore , their first choice XI featured six players in their first season at the club .
Oh , and they won the treble .
Best individual selection of the season
The Premiership ’s top goalscorer ( Didier Drogba ) who played for the Champions ( Chelsea ) , was dropped from the side for the crucial , title - deciding game away at the the second - placed team ( Manchester United ) .
Carlo Ancelotti instead used Nicolas Anelka , who ’s more fluid style suited Chelsea ’s build - up play and enabled him to link well with Joe Cole and Florent Malouda in the first half , when Chelsea were dominating possession .
In the second half , when Chelsea were under pressure , Drogba was brought on to hold the ball up , and claimed the vital second goal .
Worst individual selection of the season
Twice Pep Guardiola played Zlatan Ibrahimovic against his former club , Inter , when it was suggested beforehand that it was not the right approach against Inter ’s backline .
Barca ended up taking Ibrahimovic off early in the second half of both games .
Tactical league of the season
Whereas the Premiership remained fixated on a choice between a 4 - 4 - 2 and a system with one striker supported by two wide players , Serie A was notable for the sheer range of formations on offer :
4 - 4-2 : Used throughout the season by Bari
4 -2-3-1 : Used throughout the season by Fiorentina
4 - 2-3- 1 with no central striker : Generally Roma ’s first - choice shape
4 - 2-1-3 : Used in the second half of the season by Milan , and throughout by Catania
4 - 2-2-2 : Sampdoria ’s shape , and often Atalanta’s
4 - 3-1-2 ( or diamond ) :
Used by numerous sides , including Chievo
4 - 3-2-1 ( Christmas tree ) : Used on ocassion by Milan
3 - 4-3 : Genoa ’s formation
3 - 4-1-2 : Juventus played this when Zaccheroni first arrived
3 -4-2-1 : Napoli ’s most - used formation
3 -5- 1-1 : Bottom club Livorno ’s system
3 - 5 - 2 : Parma for most of the campaign , and Lazio towards the end of it
Small - minded pundits continue to dismiss Serie A , but in boasting the European Champions , as well as a more equal league than La Liga or the Premiership , it remains a fascinating league .
Goal of the season
A goal of the season from a tactical point of view ?
Let ’s go for Wayne Rooney ’s goal on the break against Arsenal .
Rooney was brilliant in a false nine role that day , constantly drawing Arsenal ’s defenders out of position .
Park starts the move inside his own area – he could have just smashed it clear , but he did n’t – instead he chipped a beautiful ball to Rooney , and sprinted down the left - hand side straight away .
You would expect Rooney to be on the halfway line , but instead he has dropped deep , dragging his marker towards him and opening up space in the defence .
He holds the ball up for a second , before passing it to Nani , who sprints towards goal .
Rooney outpaces four Arsenal defenders into the box , and here Park ’s energy to get level with play ( despite having been in his own penalty area just seconds ago ) becomes clear – because Vermaelen moves towards the far side to cover Park – only to leave a huge gap in the defence , which Rooney breezes into and sweeps the ball home .
An unbelievably good goal .
Player of the season
It ’s boring to say Lionel Messi , but the answer is quite clearly Lionel Messi .
Underrated player of the season
David Pizarro is a wonderful footballer and will probably never receive the recognition he deserves , but he combines being a fancy deep - lying playmaker with being a hard - working midfield battler brilliantly .
Team of the season
See here .
Big game performer of the season
Diego Milito scored the winner in the Coppa Italia final , then the winner on the crucial last day of Serie A , then both goals in the Champions League final .
Manager of the season ( title challengers )
You ca n’t look past Jose Mourinho , seeing as he won every competition he entered .
Inter ’s side looked to be fading in March , but Mourinho squeezed two more months out of some very tired legs to complete the first treble in the history of Italian football .
Manager of the season ( Champions League challengers )
Hard to choose between Tottenham ’s Harry Redknapp and Sampdoria ’s Gigi del Neri – both guided their clubs to fourth place , for a chance to play in the Champions League for the first time in their clubs ’ history .
Both assembled settled teams of genuinely quality players , both with a Wengeresque focus on deep central midfield players , attacking wingers , and one frontman dropping off another .
The main difference is that Redknapp will still be with Spurs next season , whilst del Neri is off to Juventus .
Manager of the season ( midtable )
Alec McLeish ’s job in taking newly - promoted Birmingham City to a top - half position should not be overlooked .
They faded late in the season and finished ninth , partly as a result of Birmingham ’s lack of depth – but for a while they looked set for a European place , and were unbeaten at St Andrews against the sides above them in the table , with the exception of Aston Villa – the one game they did n’t want to lose .
An interesting aside is that they were unbeaten at home when they played their 4 - 4 - 2 system – the two games they lost were when they switched to a 4 - 5 - 1 shape .
Manager of the season ( relegation battlers )
Did anyone expect Sinisa Mihajlovic to become a top - class manager ?
Probably not , but he took over Catania in mid-December when they were rock bottom of the table , and guided them to a respectable 13th - place finish .
1 win in 15 games before he joined , 9 wins in 23 when he was in charge .
The run included an impressive 3 - 1 victory over Inter , a club he has been linked with , now it appears Mourinho will not be in Italy next season .
Overall season rating :
9/10 .
It ’s been a brilliant campaign .
Serie A , La Liga , the Premiership , the Portuguese Liga Sagres and the Dutch Eredivisie , won by Steve McClaren , all went to the final day .
Ligue 1 produced a six - way title fight and the Bundesliga ’s title race was fascinating for three - quarters of the season , even if Bayern eventually ran away with it .
The Champions League was excellent – the lack of English clubs in the final four produced more interesting , novel semi-final and final games , whilst the rebrand of the UEFA Cup as the Europa League seems , somehow , to have re-energized the competition .
The one disappointment was that the four major leagues were all won by teams who have dominated , or co-dominated , in recent seasons .
Had we seen title wins for Arsenal or Roma ( probably the neutral ’s choice ) or a first - ever title for Bayer Leverkusen ( or even Braga in Portugal ) , it would have completed an excellent season .
And the best bit ?
We ’ve still got a World Cup to look forward to .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Acid Attacks Against Women Continue
Acid attacks are common in a number of Asian countries including Pakistan , India , Afghanistan , Cambodia ( see first photograph ) and Bangladesh .
In Bangladesh alone , over 2,600 cases of acid attacks have been reported since 1999 .
Acid attacks are a particularly vicious and damaging form of violence where acid is thrown in people ’s faces .
The overwhelming majority of the victims are women , and many are below 18 years of age .
The victims are attacked for many reason , quite often by a jealous spouse or someone in their immediate family .
In some cases it is because a young girl or woman has refused the sexual advances of a male or either she or her parents have rejected a marriage proposal .
More recently , however , there have been acid attacks on children , older women and also men .
These attacks are often the result of family and land dispute , dowry demands or more simply a desire for revenge .
The chemical used for these heinous crimes are either nitric or sulfuric acids .
The two acids have a catastrophic effect on human flesh .
It causes the skin tissue to melt , often exposing the bone below the muscular tissue , and sometimes even dissolving the bone .
When acid attacks the eyes , it damages them permanently .
Many acid attack survivors have lost the use of one eye or both eyes .
Of course the scars left from these horrendous crimes are not just skin deep , added to the great psychological trauma they suffer , survivors also face social isolation .
Despite the viciousness of these attacks , many go unreported .
It is the case in Pakistan , Bangladesh and India , but despite a growing public outcry it remains easy to purchase the deadly acids .
For instance , in Dhaka , Bangladesh , sulfuric acid can be bought for the equivalent of 44 cents a pound and nitric acid for 59 cents a pound .
In Pakistan , accurate statistics on acid attacks are hard to find , but the attacks are very common .
The perpetrators are most often relatives or rivals .
A conservative estimate of acid violence in Pakistan is about 150 attacks a year .
Human rights groups and medical professionals say that the number of cases reported since 1994 is 8,000 .
However , human rights activists believe that only 30 percent of acid attack cases are reported by the victims .
In Pakistan , a news legislation debated in parliament would amend the Pakistani penal code by specifically defining hurt and disfigurement and listing commonly available acids as dangerous substance .
The bill would also increase the penalty for such horrible crimes from 10 years to life in prison .
The Pakistani media , after ignoring the problem for years , is finally putting pressure on the government and urging law makers to crack down on the perpetrators of acid violence .
This , in return , is helping women to come forward and speak out against acid attacks .
As tearful families looked on , the South Korean military recovered the bodies of 36 crewmen from the stern of a sunken warship raised Thursday from the floor of the Yellow Sea .
The naval corvette Cheonan sank March 26 after a mysterious explosion broke the 1,200 - ton vessel in half .
Throughout the day , South Korean television carried live coverage of a towering crane that lifted part of the ship to the surface .
Late Thursday , the South Korean Defense Ministry confirmed that salvagers had recovered the bodies of 36 of the 44 sailors who were still missing weeks after the nighttime disaster .
The cause of the explosion has not been determined , but many here suspect that the Cheonan was hit by a North Korean torpedo as it patrolled the disputed sea border between the North and South .
Advertisement
President Lee Myung - bak has come under criticism for not pressing the issue with North Korea , which has denied involvement , according to press reports .
Bad weather and turbulent seas have hampered the recovery effort , which itself has been beset by tragedy .
A navy diver died while trying to drill a hole in the hull , and a fishing boat assisting in the effort sank after a collision .
Two fishermen died and seven are missing .
Divers earlier had recovered the bodies of two Cheonan crewmen .
In all , 130 experts from several countries have helped in the recovery effort .
As the crane began hoisting parts of the ship ’s stern Thursday morning , naval officials held a memorial service for the missing sailors .
The mournful moan of a horn sounded for 15 seconds .
Advertisement
The Yonhap news agency reported that several bodies were found when salvage workers entered the ship ’s stern to install water pumps after the crane raised it out of the water .
Lee Jung - guk , head of a committee of relatives of the missing , said the families did not expect all of the remains to be recovered .
“ I am sure that divers cannot find anything under the sea 100 % , ” he said .
“ The only thing that we prioritize is the return of our fallen soldiers .
Then we will schedule our next plan . ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
Advertisement
Park is a researcher in The Times ’ Seoul Bureau .
“ No physician is really good before he has killed one or two patients . ” – Proverb
Software entrepreneur culture is full of stories of the products that succeeded .
But what about the products that failed ?
We rarely hear much about them .
This can lead to a very skewed perspective on what works and what does n’t ( survivor bias ) .
But I believe that failure can teach us as much as success .
So I asked other software entrepreneurs to share their stories of failure in the hope that we might save others from making the same mistakes .
To my surprise I got 12 excellent responses , which I include below along with one of my own .
It is a small sample and biased by self selection , but I think it contains a lot of useful insights .
It is an unashamedly a long post , as I did n’t want to lose any of these insights by editing it down .
Case # 1 : DRAMA
Contributor
Andy Brice .
The product
DRAMA ( Design RAtionale MAnagement ) was a commercialization of a University prototype for recording the decision - making process during the design of complex and long - lived artefacts , for example nuclear reactors and chemical plants .
By recording it in a structured database this information would still be available long after the original engineers had forgotten it , retired or been run over by buses .
This information was believed to be incredibly valuable to later maintainers of the system , engineers creating similar designs and industry regulators .
The development was part funded by 4 big process engineering companies .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
Everyone told us what a great idea it was , but no - one bought it .
despite some early funding from some big process engineering companies , none of them put it into use properly and we never sold any licences to anyone else .
What went wrong
Lack of support from the people who would actually have to use it .
There are lots of social factors that work against engineers wanting to record their design rationale , including :
The person taking the time to record the rationale probably is n’t the person getting the benefit from it .
Extra work for people who are already under a lot of time pressure .
It might make it easier for others to question decisions and hold companies and engineers accountable for mistakes .
Engineers may see giving away this knowledge as undermining their job security .
Problems integrating with the other software tools that engineers spend most of their time in ( e.g. CAD packages ) .
This would probably be easier with modern web - based technology .
It is difficult to capture the subtleties of the design process in a structured form .
A bad hire .
If you hire the wrong person , you should face up to it and get rid of them .
Rather than keep moving them around in a vain attempt to find something they are good at .
We took a phased approach , starting with a single - user proof of concept and then creating a client - server version .
In hindsight it should have been obvious that not enough people were actively using the single - user system and we should have killed it then .
Time / money invested
At least 3 man years of work went into this product , with me doing most of it .
Thankfully I was a salaried employee .
But the lack of success of this product contributed to the demise of the part of the company I was in .
Current product status
The product is long dead .
Any regrets ?
It was a fairly painful experience .
I would rather have spent all that money , time and energy on something that someone actually used .
But at least I learnt some expensive lessons without using my own money .
Lessons learned
Creating a new market is difficult and risky .
Changing people ’s working habits is hard .
Social factors can make or break a product .
The end - users did n’t see anything in it for them .
If the end - users do n’t like a product , they will find a way not to use it , even if their bosses appear to be enthusiastic about it .
Talk is cheap .
Lots of people telling you how great your product is does n’t mean much .
You only really find out if your product is commercially viable when you start asking people to buy it .
Case # 2 : CleanChief
Contributor
Sam Howley .
The product
CleanChief was to be ‘ The easy management solution for cleaning organisations ’ .
Managing assets , employee schedules , ordering supplies , you name it CleanChief handled it .
Essentially it was light weight accounting software for cleaning companies .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
A small number of copies were sold .
No one is actively using it at present .
Once I realised that it was n’t a complete product and that additional development was required I moved on to other product ideas .
I had basically run out of enthusiasm for the product .
What went wrong
I am not an accountant .
I have never run a cleaning company .
I developed it for more than two years without getting feedback from real cleaning companies .
I was arrogant enough to think that I knew what they wanted ( or could work it out on my own ) .
Or maybe it was that I was just where I was most happy and comfortable – writing software .
Talking to real users was new and to be honest a bit scary for me .
A successful cleaning company operator , a friend of a friend , offered to become involved for a 30 % share .
This was a gift from the heavens , exactly what I needed .
I refused .
In a way , even though I spent so long on the product , I gave in too soon , I was just getting feedback from real users , just getting my first batch of sales when I decided to move on .
I developed the application in VB6 even though I knew it was outdated technology when I started the project .
This meant there was no ‘ cool factor ’ when discussing it with other developers , I told myself it did n’t bother me , but it probably did .
Time / money invested
I worked on it at night and weekends for about 2 1/2 years .
I paid for graphic design work , purchased stock icons and images .
I probably spent a couple of thousand Australian dollars in total and an awful lot of time .
Current product status
I moved on to other products that have gone much better .
My newer products were released in months rather than years and I looked for real feedback from real users from day one .
they are :
I do occasionally ponder returning to CleanChief and trying to raise it from the ashes .
Any regrets ?
No .
Looking back I learned a few lessons from a huge amount of time and work , it was a very inefficient way to learn those lessons .
But when you are new to something like starting a business or creating useful software being inefficient at learning lessons is the best you can do , it ’s a thousand times better than not learning lessons at all .
I learned so much more in my two and a half years of trying to develop CleanChief than I did in the two and a half years prior to that , during which time I really wanted to start a software business but did n’t take any action .
Lessons learned
Hearing or reading some piece of advice is totally different to living it .
Here are some of the ideas that I always agreed were true but did n’t fully understand the implications of until I had lived them out :
Force yourself to get out and talk to people .
Ask their advice .
Almost everyone will help if you ask them for feedback .
Force yourself to cold call a few businesses in your target market .
Create a plan of how to market your product .
Try and use your product as much as possible as you build it .
Get out of your comfort zone from day one
Do not have the mind set that the day you release version 1.0 is the finish line , it ’s the starting line , so hurry up and get there .
Case # 3 : Chimsoft
Contributor
Phil Anderson .
The product
ChimSoft – Software for Chimney Sweeps .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
I believe this failed for two reasons :
Focusing on too small of a niche
Me not being able to work full time on it .
I do n’t consider it a complete failure because I sold two copies when it retailed for $ 2 k , and maybe 10 - 15 more copies when I lowered the price to $ 200 .
Those sales proved that I was n’t completely off base in thinking there was a market for the software , but the cost of customer acquisition and the size of the market were too small .
Customers wanted to have a bunch of phone calls , face - to - face etc … the type of stuff you only see with much more expensive software .
The problem was that for a niche this small we had to charge a lot of money to make it worthwhile for us , but the customers were small businesses where this is a major investment , so the fit was never right .
The other issue was the people that did buy it were not super tech savvy , so there was a high cost of support that made even a $ 200 product not worth it .
What went wrong
Having all partners who were not full - time , and had equal equity .
I ended up doing most of the work and this is the main reason I did n’t force success is I felt I was in it alone .
Focusing on too narrow of a niche .
The plan all along was to expand for all service industries , but it was much harder to make that move than we expected .
Not researching pricing more , we knew small businesses made major purchases for things that really helped their business , but I think it would have been better to have a cheaper product with wider appeal than an expensive product with narrow appeal .
Time / money invested
I invested maybe a year of time and $ 3 k into the company .
I did not take any huge risks on it , so there were no big negative outcomes .
Current product status
The company folded in 2007 , I refocused my efforts on my existing companies ( AUsedCar.com and BudgetSimple.com ) and both have been doing well enough that I quit my day job .
Any regrets ?
I do n’t regret it entirely , I think I learned several valuable lessons about working with other people , small business sales , trade - shows and software development .
Lessons learned
Pick partners wisely .
Do n’t try to be even - steven with equity .
Use restricted stock to ensure everyone does their part .
Know what your customers expect ( 24/7 phone support ? ) to determine if you can do this while working a day job .
Case # 4 : PC Desktop Cleaner
Contributor
Javier Rojas Goñi .
The product
PC Desktop Cleaner .
Simple software that cleans your desktop and archives your files .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
My goal was to sell 10 units per month .
I ’ve sold less than 1 unit per month .
What went wrong
I think that the product concept is not useful enough .
It ’s not a thing that people would pay for .
The market exists ( some people buy ) but it ’s too little or difficult to reach .
I did n’t do any market research .
I just got in love with the idea and did it .
Later , I ’ve learnt to use “ lazy instantiation marketing ” and have trashed a lot of embryo projects . :-)
Time / money invested
I think I wasted near $ 500 in development tools and some freelancers .
Not too much .
Current product status
I ’m still selling it .
I ’ve thought about others products , but not really decided yet .
Any regrets ?
No , it was a lot of fun and I learnt lot of things .
In my “ day job ” I own a small firm that sells software for production scheduling .
I ’ve learn a lot of SEO and AdWords in the DesktopCleaner project that now I ’m using with great results .
Lessons learned
Go for it , maybe you win , maybe you fail , but you will grow and get tons of useful knowledge on the way .
Case # 5 : Smart Diary Suite
Contributor
Dennis Volodomanov .
The product
Smart Diary Suite .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
It sells and the profits cover current investments in the product , but there is little left over on top of that .
What went wrong
If I had a chance to do anything differently :
Take it seriously from day one .
Never stop developing and supporting .
Invest as much as possible in marketing early on .
Do n’t stop believing in your creation .
Time / money invested
Up to this point , I have spent 13 years on Smart Diary Suite and a lot of money went into buying hardware , software , hosting , marketing , etc …
All of that money came from my day job , but at this point SDS has recovered all of that back and is now making a small profit .
The actual amount is hard to calculate ( over the 13 year span ) , but we would be talking in tens of thousands of US dollars .
Current product status
For a while it may have seemed like SDS is not going to be successful , but that ’s probably my fault – I stopped believing for a little while .
Now I am back , starting again and this time I ’ll make sure it does n’t fail .
Any regrets ?
I do not regret doing it .
I regret allowing myself to stop working on it , basically bailing out on it for a while – that is my biggest mistake .
Lessons learned
If you want a successful product – believe in it and let others know that you believe in it .
Case # 6 : Highlighter
Contributor
Mike Sutton .
The product
Highlighter .
A utility to print neatly formatted , syntax highlighted source code listings .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
I earnt a grand total of £ 442.52 ( about $ 700 in todays money ) in just over two years , so I guess it paid for itself if you exclude my time .
What went wrong
Since it was my first product and I was very green about both marketing and product development .
I would suggest the following would have made things better :
Get feedback from potential users about the product ( eg from the ASP forums ) .
Some parts of the program where probably too option heavy and geeky .
Diversify .
If people did n’t want to print fancy listings , maybe they would have wanted them formatted in HTML .
Better marketing .
I ’m not sure this would have saved it , but all I knew in those days was uploading to shareware sites .
I never even sent a press release .
I figure it failed simply because it was a product nobody wanted .
Actually , more importantly than that , , it was a product * I* did n’t want to use , but it developed from a larger product I was working on , on the assumption I could earn some money on the side from part of the code .
Since then I ’ve stuck to products which I ’ve actually wanted to use myself .
There ’s a lot to be said for dogfooding , not just for debugging , but for knowing where the pain points are and what extra features could be added .
Time / money invested
I would guess a couple of months of evening / weekend development time .
Financially there was little spent , except that I offered the option of a printed manual and CD for an extra charge .
One customer took me up on the offer , so I had to get 100 manuals printed and 99 of them went in the bin .
Current product status
I moved on to another product which has sold over £ 50,000 and a third which has earnt even more than that .
Not enough to retire on but considering I only do this part time it must work out at a great hourly rate .
There ’s a lot to be said for not giving up …
Any regrets ?
Nope .
I figure every failure in life teaches you valuable lessons .
Of course if I ’d made a large financial investment I may feel differently , but that ’s one of the big advantages of software over physical product sales .
Lessons learned
Just to reiterate – develop something which you find useful , instead of second guessing others .
Case # 7 : R10Clean
Contributor
Steve Cholerton .
The product
R10 Clean .
A data cleaning and manipulation tool .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
In the 18 months or so it ’s been on the market I have sold 6 .
It has been £ 199 , £ 99 and £ 19 – with no effect on sales !
What went wrong
Not sure what I did wrong ?
The product is maybe too techie ?
Time / money invested
No effect financially as at the time I was in a strong financial position .
Current product status
I still have it for sale but do not market it at all .
I have other products .
Any regrets ?
I do n’t regret it as it saved me a ton of time when I was working with legacy databases a lot , as a commercial product it has been raved about ( once ! ) and received a good review from the Kleper report , but has failed totally .
Lessons learned
Advice to others ?
Just because you need it personally , do n’t assume the rest of the world does too . :-)
Case # 8 : nBinder
Contributor
Boghiu Andrei .
The product
n Binder , packs multiple files into a stand alone executable with over 50 advanced output and file unpack options , conditional run and commands .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
It was the first product I began selling .
It sold to 300 + customers in 4 years .
But for about a year the sales began to go down and have finally stopped completely .
What went wrong
The biggest problem was that because it was a packer intended for people that wanted to pack their products ( software or games ) into a single package ( compressed and encrypted ) many have used it for creating malware by binding malware files to legit files and then distributing the output so it is n’t detected by antivrus software ( although it would be detected at runtime ) .
Because of this I had lots of problems with antivirus companies that flagged files create with nBinder as malware .
This was of course affecting legit users as their files would be falsely marked as malware .
I used virustotal.com to see which antivirus detected it and contacted the antivirus manufacturer as soon as I detected the problem .
In most cases they would remove it from their definitions .
But it was an uphill battle because it would appear again in a matter of weeks .
Some small AV companies did n’t event bother to reply to my emails to fix the problem .
Others were using heuristics to flag files create with my applications and AV developers were reluctant to whitelist files created with nBinder .
You can imagine it that it was enough for an AV such as Kaspersky or Norton to pick my files as malware for a day and customers would be affected and not use my product any more , especially that it took about 3 days for AVs to remove the false positive .
Infrequent updates .
Due to lack of time I only updated the product once or twice a year and this affected the product a lot .
No marketing .
I decided that I did n’t want to invest money in marketing so , except for a short AdWords campaign , I invested no money in marketing .
My decision to develop 3 products instead of concentrating on one or two affected development time and quality .
I have worked on 3 products simultaneously instead of concentrating on making a single good one .
The reason I worked on 3 is because I enjoyed developing different software in different categories .
I did n’t start this for money but for the fun of development .
Time / money invested
I invested almost no money ( except for hosting costs ) .
Time invested I can’t really say exactly , but not too much as I only worked on nBinder in short bursts like 6 hours a day for a week or so before releases .
Current product status
Still for sale .
My other products are :
n Cleaner – a free system cleaner that has gone quite well ( over 2 million downloads ) .
n Macro – an automation tool that has seen some limited success ( bought by over 100 customers in a year or so ) .
Any regrets ?
It ’s not a total failure as I did make some money out of it with no investment , so I do n’t regret starting it , but it could have been much better .
Lessons learned
Words of advice for others trying to make money from software development :
Study the market and the current trends very well .
Before deciding to take on large competition make sure you have something better ( at least from one point of view ) than the competition ( for example you might not have the same features but you have a better GUI and general presentation ) .
Do not get scared of an overly populated market segment .
For example with nBinder I picked a segment with very little competition but also few possible users and the results were not so great ( I did n’t have many users ) .
With nCleaner I went head - to - head with lots of already established products but also the market is very big .
Although nCleaner is free it has had the most success because there are so many potential users ( anyone with a PC actually ) , so it had over 2 millions downloads and I still receive lots of mails regarding it , even if the last update was in 2007 .
So it is possible to have success in a market with lots of competition with no investment but it ’s hard to reach the level of more established products .
Case # 9 : Net - Herald
Contributor
Torsten Uhlmann .
The product
Net - Herald – a monitoring application for water supply companies .
It was a complex client server application that would receive monitoring data from specialized hardware and store that data inside a SQL database .
The client displays that data in different graphs , provides printable reports or sends alarm messages via SMS if a monitored value is not within its specified limits .
I developed Net - Herald as a perfect fit for that specialized hardware that is provided by a local manufacturer .
That way , so I hoped , I could profit from their sales leads and would find a smoother way into these water supply companies .
The downside of course , was that my software would only work with their hardware .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
I sold a first license fairly soon after I had a sellable product , although it took the customer nearly a year until they finally bought .
But since then I sold only one more license within the last 4 years or so .
What went wrong
I did n’t do my own marketing and the hardware guys were n’t really concerned with selling my software .
Water management companies have a terribly long sales cycle .
Other vendors monitoring applications usually cost tens of thousands and are geared toward large suppliers .
Whenever a supplier buys into such a product he is unlikely to change within the next decade or more .
I tried to position my software towards small suppliers but even then most of them were already locked into another vendor ’s solution .
My software only worked with a specific hardware .
That narrowed the marked down substantially .
In the end the software became too complex for one poor mortal to maintain .
Because the software did n’t produce any substantial income I had to stop adding new features which would make it attractive for more prospective clients .
This kind of software is not sold over the Internet .
Rather it needs very active sales people that nurture clients over a rather long period of time .
All these facts indicate that software like this should not be developed by a one man show .
Time / money invested
The development time for the first sellable version was maybe about 9 months .
I did n’t have a job income at that time , but got funding due to government support for small start - up businesses .
So I did n’t drain our family ’s personal finances .
But I did of course invest a great deal of time and sweat .
Current product status
Now , I have drawn a line and stopped active development of Net - Herald .
I still do some custom extensions for my first clients .
But I no longer market the software .
I have instead focused on my consulting services .
I also try to learn developing and selling software with my cross- platform drag and drop product Simidude .
Any regrets ?
I did n’t succeed yet selling my own software ( which is still my goal ) but I do not regret doing it .
I developed Net - Herald using ( Java ) technologies that now give me leverage at my consulting gigs .
All in all it was a heavy ride .
But it was fun and I would do it again .
Lessons learned
My biggest mistake was the lack of market analysis .
I trusted the word of the hardware manufacturer without verification .
I have written more about the above and some other failures on my blog .
Case # 10 : HabitShaper
Contributor
Adriano Ferrari .
The product
HabitShaper – set and track daily targets for your goals ( weight loss , quit smoking , jogging , writing , etc… ) .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
I sold a few copies , but not enough to make back the time I invested in it and my conversion numbers and traffic are below average .
What went wrong
Did not do enough pre-production research ( talking to customers , etc ) .
Did not do a large enough beta to make up for lack of initial research .
Ignored gut - feeling that my product is better suited to being web - based and multi-platform ( incl. mobile ) .
Did EVERYTHING
myself ( logo , web design , video , software , AdWords , etc ) .
Time / money invested
I worked on it two years , part - time , while doing Masters / PhD in Physics .
It had no impact on my finances ( very little money invested ) or circumstances .
Current product status
I am relaunching as a web - based product this summer .
Any regrets ?
Not in the least !
I learned about as much from making HabitShaper as I have from my MSc thesis and PhD work .
Lessons learned
Most important : PAPER prototypes , minimum viable product , and iterate .
Do n’t be afraid to launch early .
Launch a little bigger than you ’d expect ( it ’s harder to find those initial customers than you think ) .
Do n’t be afraid to change directions , especially early on .
Doing things yourself is a great learning experience , but if you want to get your product out to customers as fast as possible , do n’t be afraid to invest money and outsource your weaknesses .
Case # 11 : BPL
Contributor
Jim Lawless .
The product
BPL – Batch Programming Language Interpreter .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
I sold about 10 copies .
What went wrong
I did n’t really do enough research to find out if the target market was in existence .
I was hoping that network admins and support staff members would find it easier to use than batch files and less complicated than any of the free scripting language options available .
So , I just rushed to get the MVP ( Minimum Viable Product ) out the door .
I never did provide a compiler that would build a stand - alone EXE .
I think that might have met with more success .
I did n’t do much as far as advertising the existence of the product .
Time / money invested
I only spent a few weeks coding and documenting it in my spare time .
Support issues sometimes took a whole evening , but nothing major .
It did not have any impact on my finances as I had invested nothing but my time .
Current product status
I will still address support issues with this product for registered users , but I do n’t actively sell it .
I ’ve open - sourced the program and it still really is n’t seeing heavy use .
I was more successful with other products .
I have a few retired products that saw some good bulk - purchase deals ( command - line DUN HangUp , command - line scheduler ) and I still sell the following ( for Windows ) :
All of the above still bring in a modest passive income .
Any regrets ?
Not at all .
“ Nothing ventured , … ” .
Lessons learned
Had I not attempted to bring the BPL product to life , I might still be sitting here wondering “ what if ? ” I think it was very beneficial for me to invest the time to try out this idea .
Case # 12 : Anonymous
Contributor
Anonymous .
The product
A time tracker .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
Because it is not my primary income .
I have about 150 customers in one year .
What went wrong
No marketing .
No real thought into features .
I do n’t spend any time on it .
In my defense , the reason I do not spend much time on it is that the market became saturated with ‘ me toos ’ right after I released , which was quite expected .
In fact , as I was looking for users , I got an email from a competitor suggesting that I do n’t enter the market because they are working on the same thing !
I do n’t know what I would do differently .
Maybe spend more time on it ?
I think the law of diminishing returns applies quite early in this space so I am not sure .
Time / money invested
Since inception ( Nov 2008 ) , I ’ve spent close to 250 hours total .
Total cash outlay was something like $ 500 .
Current product status
I never tried to make it succeed , to be honest .
It was only a learning experience for me .
What I probably need now is to go all in .
Quite frankly , if I double the sales for this product , I can quit all consulting work .
But I really do not think it is a good idea to work on this app full time as it is too simple .
Any regrets ?
Definitely not .
Lessons learned
Do it !
Solve a problem people know they have .
Do n’t invest too much time and money at the beginning .
Do n’t be wedded to a particular idea .
Do n’t only listen to your customers .
Listen to yourself .
After all , you created the idea which attracted the customers .
Never promise a feature for a sale .
I ’ve never done it but the pressure is really great .
My stock response is always : “ While such a feature may be available in the future , I recommend that you only use current features when deciding on your purchase . ”
Do use Google to your advantage .
Case # 13 : ScreenRest
Contributor
Derek Pollard .
The product
ScreenRest – a consumer software product that reminds users to take regular rest breaks while using their computer .
Why it was judged a commercial failure
ScreenRest failed commercially because we built a product without having a clearly defined market .
This was compounded by it offering prevention , not a solution .
ScreenRest continues to regularly sell a small number of licences but not in sufficient quantity to justify further enhancements .
The conversion rates are good , but there are simply not enough visitors to the website .
What went wrong
Not doing market research first .
Creating a prevention rather than solution product – people generally wait until they have a problem and then look for a solution .
Creating a product with medical associations – the SEO and PPC competition for related keywords is prohibitive for a product with a low purchase price .
Time / money invested
At least £ 2000 was spent on the project , including software licences and additional hardware .
The product and website were created over roughly 12 months by myself and my wife Lindsay , some during spare time , then part - time and finally full - time so it is difficult to determine the total number of hours .
Working part - time and then full - time on ScreenRest caused a significant impact on our finances .
Although right from the beginning we saw this as in investment for building a business .
Current product status
Once the product was complete and we started learning SEO it became all too apparent that organic search traffic for related keywords was going to be insufficient .
Research into PPC then revealed that the price point was too low to support purchasing medical terms .
Planned features for ScreenRest have been put on hold and no further marketing is planned .
We continue to support new and existing ScreenRest customers and plan to do so for the foreseeable future .
Rather than create another software product we chose to use what we had learned about marketing , copywriting and SEO to create a series of websites targeting a range of topics ( often known as niche sites ) .
The most successful of these sites we are expanding in value and functionality to fill gaps not serviced by the competition .
Any regrets ?
No .
ScreenRest succeeded in every way intended , other than commercially .
Creating it was a rewarding learning exercise that started us down a path to finding the intersection of our skills , experience and market opportunities .
Lessons learned
Start with market research – creating a high - quality product you believe in is not enough on its own .
Make sure you can identify a specific target market , that you can reach that market and that it is large enough to support your financial goals .
Conclusion
Analysing the above ( admittedly small and self - selected sample ) it is clear that by far the commonest cause of failure were :
lack of market research
lack of marketing
With the benefitof 20 /20 hindsight it seems blindingly obvious that we should :
spend a few days researching if a product is commercially viable before we spend months or years creating it
put considerable effort into letting people know about the products we create
Yet , by my count , a whopping 6 out of 13 of us admitted to failing to do each of these adequately .
Probably we were too busy obsessing over the features and technical issues so beloved of developers , which actually contributed to far fewer failures .
It is also noticeable that , despite the failure of these products , there are few regrets .
Important lessons were learned and no - one lost their house .
Many of us have gone on to develop successful products and the others will be in a much stronger position if they do decide to try again .
A big thank you to everyone who ate a large slice of humble pie and submitted the above .
I hope we can prevent other budding software entrepreneurs making the same mistakes .
Even if you do n’t succeed , you will learn a lot .
Feel free to add your own hard - won lessons from failure in the comments below .
We may think we 've seen it all when it comes to wildlife , but we have n't , as these remarkable pictures prove .
You wo n't find any of these creatures in any zoo or aviary or animal collection , as every single one of them is believed to be new to science .
They are the results of an expedition to the Foja mountains of western New Guinea , a remote , untouched part of Indonesia which is one of the least disturbed areas in the whole Asia - Pacific region .
An expedition to Foja in 2007 produced two new mammals , a pygmy possum and a giant rat , yet a subsequent exploration a year later produced an even richer haul of new species , whose pictures were unveiled for the first time yesterday .
The group includes several new mammals , a reptile , an amphibian , no fewer than twelve insects and the remarkable discovery of a new bird .
More specifically , they include a bizarre spike - nosed tree frog ; an oversized , but notably tame , woolly rat ; a gargoyle - like gecko with yellow eyes ; a tiny forest wallaby , the smallest member of the kangaroo family in the world ; and a new species of imperial pigeon .
Other discoveries included a new blossom bat , which feeds on rainforest nectar , a small new tree - mouse , a new flowering shrub , and a new black and white butterfly related to the monarch of North America .
Rising to more than 7,000ft , the Foja mountains encompass an area of more than 300,000 square hectares of unroaded , undeveloped and undisturbed rainforest and were dubbed " The Lost World " when news of the first expedition was released .
The subsequent expedition proved that they were even richer in wildlife than scientists had suspected .
" While animals and plants are being wiped out across the globe at a pace never seen in millions of years , the discovery of these absolutely incredible forms of life is much needed positive news , " said Dr Bruce Beehler , a senior research scientist at the US wildlife charity , Conservation International , and a participant on the expedition .
Keeping Tabs on CoRoT
The Exoplanets Rising conference , now in progress at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics ( UC Santa Barbara ) , is offering a treasure trove of online material , including one I ’m currently watching , a presentation by Magali Deleuil ( Astronomy Observatory of Marseilles Provence ) on CoRoT results .
It ’s extraordinary for those of us who could n’t be at the conference to have quick access to talks by the likes of Michel Mayor , Lisa Kaltenegger , Geoff Marcy and Debra Fischer on everything from transit puzzles to metallicity trends .
Interesting to note that CoRoT is now , according to Deleuil , at the end of the ‘ nominal lifetime of the instrument , ’ although CoRoT ’s extended mission has been approved and the spacecraft will remain in operation until March of 2013 .
Deleuil says that thirteen observing runs have been completed , totaling 75,000 light curves from ‘ stares ’ of more than 60 days and 50,000 light curves from 25 - day stares .
Since February of 2007 , 150 planetary candidates have emerged , fifty of which have transit depths of less than 3 milli-magnitudes ( mmag ) .
Image :
One of the methods for detecting exoplanets is to look for the drop in brightness they cause when they pass in front of their parent star .
Such a celestial alignment is known as a planetary transit .
Such transits block a tiny fraction of the light that COROT is able to detect .
Credit : CNES .
‘ Transit depth ’ refers to the amount of the star ’s light that is blocked by the planet .
The largest transit depth yet recorded belongs to HD 189733 b , a ‘ hot Jupiter ’ in Vulpecula that shows a depth of approximately 3 percent .
Transiting gas giants generally have transit depths on the order of 1 percent .
All this is useful because transit depth can be used to calculate the size of the planet .
The depth is equal to the ratio of the area of the planet to the area of the star , and we know the rough size of the star because we know its spectral type .
The 3 mmag Deleuil mentioned in her talk works out to just 0.3 percent , a tribute to the sensitivity of the instrument in detecting smaller worlds .
Just how sensitive is CoRoT ?
Deleuil says the instrument can detect Neptune - size planets no matter what the magnitude of the star , but a two Earth - radii planet requires stars brighter than 14th magnitude .
Between Kepler and CoRoT we are going to build a useful catalog of ‘ super Earths ’ as we keep homing in on a true Earth twin .
I have a lot of listening ahead — David Charbonneau ( Harvard CfA ) is next on my list with an overview of transit discoveries , and I want to check Paul Kalas ( UC Berkeley ) on direct detection results .
Chris Sotin ( JPL ) speaks this morning on ocean worlds and Lisa Kaltenegger ( Harvard CfA ) this afternoon on habitability and biosignatures .
Abstracts and poster presentations are also available on the Kavli site , making it a real watering hole for those following the exoplanet hunt .
____________________________________________________________________
Gabriel Falcon
AC360° Writer
An elderly couple was rescued Monday after being trapped for possibly weeks under mountains of debris in their apartment , Chicago authorities said .
The husband and wife , who are believed to be in their 70s , are both listed in serious condition at an area hospital , Larry Langford , Director of Media Affairs for the Chicago Fire Department told CNN .
According to Langford , rodents had attacked the couple who could not free themselves from the litter and clutter that rendered them immobile .
" They were in it , " Langford said .
" I 'm not sure how they got in it , they were in it , and they could n't get up and get out . "
Langford described the debris in the apartment as " front to back , floor to ceiling . "
The victims were found after a well check on the residence , authorities said .
Robert Perez , public information officer for the Chicago Police said the couple had n't been seen for a couple of weeks .
Perez told CNN that fire fighters had to break down the door to gain entry into the apartment .
" When they got in there , it was just debris everywhere , " Perez said , " sort of like a hoarder , that was the term that was being used . "
The husband and wife were unconscious but alive , he added .
" Apparently they had been there a while , " Langford said .
" It 's kind of an unbelievable sight .
They 've been in there for a long time and there 's just a lot of stuff in there . "
Authorities would not disclose the identity of the couple .
As the sun rose on April 21 , hundreds of students approached the main gate to the University of Puerto Rico ’s historic Río Piedras campus and chained it shut .
Thus began an occupation that has now spread to all 11 campuses of the UPR system and become the first - ever system - wide public university strike .
It is also the longest - lasting strike action of any kind in this U.S. island colony since the Río Piedras student strike of 2005 , which lasted 29 days .
The students ’ three main demands are : repeal Certification 98 , which opens the door to eliminating tuition waivers for honor students , athletes , and employees and their families ; stop summer term tuition hikes ; and open the university ’s books to public scrutiny .
Río Piedras strikers have humorously dubbed their own internal struggle as “ Vietnam and Disney , ” with the front gates controlled by radical humanities and social science students as the former , and the gates at the back of the campus , controlled by more moderate law and natural science students , as the latter .
The comparison was overheard from a cop who had been assigned to both gates .
In terms of negotiations , “ Vietnam ” sees the strike as part of a broader struggle for social change , and tends to favor a hardball approach , seeking concrete successes and guarantees upon which to build a long - term movement .
“ Disney , ” on the other hand , tends to conceive the strike as a necessary evil in the search for a more just , inclusive coexistence with university authorities , and would rather secure the successes at hand than risk them by pushing for more .
During the first two weeks of the strike , administrators refused to even recognize the legitimacy of the students ’ 16 - member negotiating committee , later doing so grudgingly .
All the while , some deans and administrative assistants have provoked confrontations by entering the campus through the one gate students have been unable to barricade .
Students and professors have maintained a picket line , but constant police presence has precluded any hope of enforcing it effectively .
Fortunately , scabbing by students and professors has been negligible .
Thousands of students and supporters from all 11 campuses have thrown up massive pickets , including one in an important intersection in the middle of rush hour , delaying traffic for hours .
A coalition of unions called for a 24 - hour work stoppage Tuesday in support of the students ’ demands .
They struck at several important government offices ; there was civil disobedience in the morning at the Justice and Labor Departments and an office complex .
The crowd at the Rio Piedras front gate was more than 5,000 , and there were demonstrations at all 11 campuses .
UTIER ( electrical workers ) bused over workers during their lunch break , and the teachers ( FMPR ) did n't strike officially but several hundred teachers showed up at the protest .
STICKING TOGETHER
Negotiations between the UPR Board of Trustees and the student negotiating committee finally broke down when the administration submitted a proposal that eliminated tuition waivers for students receiving federal Pell grants .
This measure would brazenly discriminate against poorer students who receive federally funded need - based aid , making them ineligible for merit - based waivers .
SUPPORT LABOR NOTES BECOME A MONTHLY DONOR Give $ 10 a month or more and get our " Fight the Boss , Build the Union " T - shirt .
A carefully orchestrated corporate media campaign then began , which proclaimed that the end of the strike was at hand and the ball was now in the students ’ court .
In concert with the Río Piedras Student Council , the administration called for an assembly outside the campus , in hopes that students opposed to the strike , eager to graduate , or simply worn out by weeks of uncertainty and tension would vote to end or suspend the strike .
The plan backfired when the overwhelming majority of the more than 3,000 students in attendance voted to keep the strike going .
The Río Piedras student body is 18,000 .
The administration appears to have hoped the grant - waiver tradeoff , which would be unacceptable to “ Vietnam , ” would divide the negotiating committee , isolating the radicals .
That attempt failed when the strikers ’ participatory process produced overwhelming support for continuing the strike , encouraging “ Disney ” to close ranks .
Following their unexpected victory , students marched to the Capitol building , to underscore the fact that the policies they are protesting are part of the government ’s broader budget cuts .
One bill that authorized the firing of tens of thousands of public employees also targets UPR ’s funding , draining resources even further .
In response to the student assembly , Chancellor Ana Guadalupe declared an administrative lockout , closing the Río Piedras campus until July 31 .
POLICE ATTACKS
But soon after celebrating their ability to hold the strike together , strikers and supporters had a rude awakening .
A notorious police riot squad cordoned off a one - mile radius around the Río Piedras campus May 14 , and Police Superintendent José Figueroa Sancha confirmed that he had personally given the order to cut off food and water deliveries .
Anyone with a problem should try the courts , he said .
The administration announced it would request the shut - off of water and electricity service to the campus as well .
A father attempting to pass food and water to his striking son inside the campus was beaten and arrested .
Later in the day , a physically disabled graduate student who had exited the campus momentarily was beaten unconscious , dragged into a squad car , and arrested .
Police pepper - sprayed onlookers who attempted to aid him .
The student was treated at a nearby clinic and released without charges late in the night .
Massive displays of public support poured forth .
The blockade of food and water was broken early on when hundreds of supporters tossed bags of food and bottles of water over the fence and over the heads of police officers .
Thousands of people arrived at the scene throughout the day , with huge picket lines forming at the gates .
The tense situation continues to build and ebb .
José A. Laguarta Ramírez is a member of the Puerto Rican Association of University Professors ( APPU ) .
A longer version of this piece appears at jalaguarta.com
First , let me tell you a little story involving butterflies and bladders .
I 've spent the past few days at MicroConf .
Just a phenomenal conference , full of like - minded folks , loaded with actionable content .
Not to get too carried away , but it was a life - changer .
I 'd go on some more , but I do n't want you competing with me for tickets next year .
On the second day , Joanna Wiebe from Copyhackers selected a handful of sites from the audience to do a public " tear down " of in front of these 200 folks .
200 folks I admire and respect .
I had submitted my baby , my brand - new , just launched site ( DownDetect.com ) ahead of time as a candidate to be selected .
As soon as she took the stage , an angry mob of butterflies started attacking my internal organs .
She opened the first site and started working it over and providing some great , if slightly brutal feedback .
Really good stuff .
After she moved to the next site I could see in her browser window that she had about 12 tabs open .
It dawned on me that she was working her way through these open tabs , and that the open tabs were the sites she had selected for tear down .
About eight tabs in , I saw the favicon for my site .
The angry butterflies grew teeth .
Sharp ones .
And they pulled out pitch forks .
And chainsaws .
And congregated in my bladder .
I figured 7 tabs was a lot of ground to cover , so I would have the time to address the sudden urge , and from where I was sitting in the very front row I quickly slinked out the back of the room to the bathroom .
What a baby , I know .
I emptied my bladder and the butterflies relocated to my stomach and heart .
I hurried back to the conference room and what to my wondering eyes did appear as I walked in the room than my site , my baby , my precious up on the big screen .
She had already started .
The moderator was looking for the site owner to hand the microphone to .
I pulled a hamstring sprinting to the front of the room , groping for the microphone like the final runner in a relay race .
So here 's what I learned , and how I dramatically improved the copy on my site in 5 minutes ( and how you can too ) :
After she said some nice things , Joanna pointed out the main problem with my copy - the language was all focused on me , and it should instead be focused on my prospect .
I was selling myself , when I should be focusing on what 's in it for them .
In Joanna 's own words :
Talking about yourself -- even thinking about yourself -- when you write your copy will only do one thing : get in the way .
It will shut down the sale .
Which means that you are the biggest roadblock to better communication with your customers .
This is the foundation of great copywriting : People do n't care about you .
They only care about themselves .
You care about you .
But no one else does .
( Except yo ' mama . )
Your visitors want what they want .
They do not " want " what you 're trying to sell them .
Your job then , is not to " try " to sell your visitors a product .
You 're trying to sell them themselves .
Ok , so here 's a fun little exercise , take a look at the version of my site Joanna ( and everyone ! ) saw and see if you can spot the problems .
To make it easier , I 've color - coded my stupidity .
BEFORE
So as soon as I got home , I spent 5 minutes ( and I 'll need to spend more , we 're not perfect yet ) and turned those sub headings around .
Check out the difference below ( or see it here in the wild ) .
AFTER
Notice the difference ?
Yeah .
Serious improvement .
My humble thanks to Joanna for the help .
I hope this gives you some ideas for your site .
I highly recommend Joanna 's email list , by the way .
The first lesson she sends out addresses the same topic I 've addressed here in even more depth .
Permalink
I 've enjoyed recreational fishing since I was a kid .
Over the years I 've had the chance to fish and associate with some top anglers , and I 've noticed something about them - they do n't waste time in an unproductive location .
If the fish are n't biting , they quickly move to a new spot .
This applies to startup ideas too .
Finding out if the market will respond positively has to be as early in the process as possible , and you should move on if it 's not a fit .
I 've poured emberassing amounts of time into terrible ideas that I thought were brilliant , so please learn this principle from me , it will save you unspeakable time , money and shame if you do :
The market does not care how long you worked on something or how well you did it .
Effort is not rewarded .
The market cares only if what you 've done is a fit for their needs .
This can be a crushing truth , especially for a craftsman .
We take our startups very personally , and the more time we invest in them , the more personally we take them .
But if we 're serious about turning our venture into something that pays the bills , and grants us freedom , we have to accept and embrace this truth .
There is no reward for sticking to something for a long time , if it 's the wrong thing .
If it 's the wrong thing , if there is not a market fit , you fail .
And unfortunately , there is no correlation between time invested and market fit .
And very often we have no idea what 's going to resonate , and what 's not , even when we think we do .
This is why building an MVP , and validated learning are so important .
Before we get too carried away , we have to find out if the market wants what we 're building .
I leave you with a multimedia nugget for thought from the great Derek Sivers .
( Incidentally , I highly recommend his book .
Short and sweet , and full of similar insights , including the one shown in this video ) .
Side note :
An interesting benefit to the KickStarter ( and similar ) phenomena is that folks are pumping out ideas , and using KickStarter not just to raise money , but to validate their idea .
This seems like a big deal , especially for hard goods that require a larger capital investment to get started .
Permalink | Comments ( 0 )
What is it ?
LaunchRock : A service that provides a pre-launch page for your startup ( you know , the " signup to be notified when we launch " type of site ) .
Heres the one I created for a project I 'm working on for startup founders ( and those aspiring to be ) .
Who makes it ?
LaunchRock
Why is it the killerest ?
In addition to a nice pre-launch page , it has good social integration , encouraging those who sign up to share it with their friends via Twitter , Facebook , Linked In , Tumblr or email .
There are also some modest stats telling you your conversion rate , which can be helpful .
It 's fairly easy to use , and they 've thought of a lot of details like a confirmation email , social integration where you can pre-seed what they say when they share , an ability to export all of your subscribers for easy loading into your favorite email sending system , and domain mapping ( i.e. you can point your own URL to your page ) .
If you feel too constrained by their limited template , you can embed the form on your own site , where you have more latitude .
What could be improved ?
They offer a very limited ability to customize the design and layout for the fully hosted version .
They have custom CSS " coming soon " which should help immensely .
I was able to work around some of these limitations by using inline HTML and inline styles - which seem to be supported .
It 's fairly amenable to a little lightweight " hacking . "
How much does it cost ?
Free Rating ?
Reviewed by Carson McComas p.s. see also : Launch Effect which I liked a bit better .
It 's a WordPress theme with the same purpose .
Permalink | Comments ( 0 )
There are few segments more exciting right now than alternative payment systems .
Earth 's collective contempt for the entrenched payment tech industry is ardent .
This industry has abused users , built regulatory walls to competition , made things insufferable for customers , and as a result , put payment processing options nearly out of reach , especially for bootstrappers .
Overcoming these hurdles is a huge barrier to progress .
But the alternative payment world is red smoking hot right now , and I 'm more excited about it than any other segment .
The possibilities that are unlocked by this are exciting for entrepreneurs , especially bootstrappers .
No merchant accounts .
No gateways .
No exorbitant fees , or draconian setup processes .
Here are the most exciting ones :
2.9 % + $ 0.30
Free for transactions under $ 10 , $ 0.25 for over $ 10 .
$ 0.50 for bank payment , 3.5 % for credit card payment
The exciting ones for meatspace businesses .
Square
2.75 % for swipes , 3.5 % for keyed entries
iZettle
$ 0.20 + 2.75 %
Intuit GoPayment
2.7 % for swipes , 3.7 % for keyed
Permalink
I call myself an entrepreneur , but to be honest , a lot of times I do n't .
When someone asks me what I do - I often punt .
I feel like if I 'm going to describe myself as an entrepreneur , the next sentence needs to explain what that means - what I 've done , what successful business I 've launched .
And I do n't have a good answer for that .
Oh I 've cobbled together a series of modest successes , and I 'm managing to feed my family , but I have n't yet built something that I can point to with pride and say yes - that , I built that , and that is now what I do for living .
The term " serial entrepreneur " always sits a bit odd with me too .
Or maybe I 'm just reluctant to call myself that .
I mean , I 've had numerous entrepreneurial ventures .
Numerous !
But the truth is that if one of them had been the success I thought it would be , I 'd be doing that , not launching another one .
There would be no serial succession to the next one .
At least not for a long time .
Serial entrepreneur sounds like a synonym for serial failure .
Not always of course , there are plenty of examples of successes there ( Mark Cuban , Jason Calacanis , Evan Williams ) .
But Bill Gates was n't a serial entrepreneur .
Neither was Mark Zuckerburg .
Or Jeff Bezos or Jason Fried .
They 're entrepreneurs .
They built something and that thing is what they do now .
They do n't define themselves by serially starting companies .
My goal is n't serial entrepreneurship , it 's successful entrepreneurship .
So where am I going with all this navel gazing ?
I 've been thinking a lot about this lately .
Maybe it 's because I 'm growing pensive on the verge of launching my next startup ( I really do believe this is the one ! ) , or because I regularly get emails from folks who have gutted out that first hard part of getting something out there and now they 're trying to make it work .
But I want to start a community of those of us who have gotten this far .
I want to create a community of launchers .
I just have this sense that there 's a whole group of us out here in the trenches trying to make this work - and there are a whole bunch of us who have made it work , and are making it work , and another whole bunch who have n't made it work , but are destined to , because they wo n't settle for anything less , no matter what it takes .
These folks ?
These launchers ?
These , I feel like , are people I can relate to .
And I want a way to learn from them , and talk with them , and hear their stories , and I bet I 'm not the only one , I bet you do too .
And if I 'm right about that , I hope you 'll come over and sign up for my latest project .
It 's called Launch Happy , and with your help , I think it can become something really good .
At a minimum , it 'll help you expose your business to more people .
But I 'm hoping for even more than that , I 'm hoping it 'll help you make connections , and friends , and customers .
I 'm hoping that wonderful things will spring from it , and that the net result will be more entrepreneurs proud to call themselves that because they 've made it work , they 've achieved success , they 've connected , and learned , and grown , and been cheered , and helped , and challenged , and taught and can point with pride to what they 've done and say yes - that , I built that , and now that is what I do for a living .
I think it can be something really good , and I hope you 'll be a part of it .
p.s. if you 're not a launcher yet , but still want to follow along , please follow us on Twitter at @LaunchHappy or on Facebook and we 'll keep you abreast .
Permalink | Comments ( 2 )
What is it ?
Gumroad : A service that lets you " sell anything you can share " which is to say - anything you do n't need to collect shipping information for .
Each purchase ends with a download link .
You create " links " that send you over to a Gumroad page where customers can enter an email address , credit card number , and boom - download what they purchased .
( Here 's an example I set up to sell one of my photos ) .
Who makes it ?
Gumroad , Inc
Why is it the killerest ?
It 's not PayPal .
Everything is elegant , simple and quick .
For entrepreneurs , I could see using it to sell stuff like advertising slots , access to a beta release , an ebook , software , stuff like that .
Here 's a nice demo they put together so you can see how it would work .
What could be improved ?
Your customers do n't have to hassle with PayPal , but Gumroad does use PayPal to pay you what you earn .
Direct deposit in my bank account would be a lot better .
They also ask for a $ 10 minimum owed , and 60 days to pay you ( I assume they pay quicker than that though ) .
It 's a touch buggy still ( I created a link , and it created two for me - easy enough to delete one though ) .
I 'd love an embed option .
Let me just drop a button on a page that opens up with this Gumroad goodness .
Every PayPal button on the internet tied to an intangible could be replaced with it .
It 's a little pricey .
How much does it cost ?
5 % + $ 0.30 per transaction Rating ?
Reviewed by Carson McComas
Permalink | Comments ( 1 )
Today I was struck again by what an amazing time it is to build an internet startup .
I was on a phone call with a startup in the early stages .
They 've got an awesome idea , a smart team , good connections , validated market research , a bunch of groundwork laid , and now they 're ready to turn the idea into an internet business .
Like many of us , they 're bootstrapping it .
They need an MVP .
Five years ago , they 'd be toast .
Three years ago they'd be out of luck .
Two or even one year ago it would have been really tricky to put it all together .
Today ?
They 've got amazing options .
Here 's the basic sitemap I helped them put together :
They can cobble together various products and pieces which are very low cost , highly functional , and build something extraordinary .
This is n't a panacea , of course .
Pulling it off well is going to take some care and work , but they can do in a couple of months what would have previously been virtually impossible for a bootstrapper .
And this option is available to all of us .
With these resources we can focus less on the technology , and more on the business .
Which means a potential for higher output , higher quality , and greater functionality for a fraction of the ramp - up time and cost .
Mix in some creativity and smarts , and things are starting to get really awesome .
We 're in a golden age of internet startup possibilities .
I 'll leave you with this nugget from Seth Godin :
Make something happen
If I had to pick one piece of marketing advice to give you , that would be it .
Now .
Make something happen today , before you go home , before the end of the week .
Launch that idea , post that post , run that ad , call that customer .
Go the edge , that edge you 've been holding back from ... and do it today .
Without waiting for the committee or your boss or the market .
Just go .
Resources from sitemap :
Permalink | Comments ( 0 )
What is it ?
Launch Effect : A free WordPress theme anyone can use to quickly create a professional looking , virally inclined pre-launch page for your upcoming product website , app , service , etc. ) .
Who makes it ?
Barrel LLC
Why is it the killerest ?
First let me state that I 'm saving you some trouble , because I did this the hard way first .
For my latest venture I started by building a pre-launch site from scratch .
It 's a couple pages , right ?
How hard can it be ?
Well - to do well , actually - kinda hard .
Or , time consuming anyway .
Consuming of time you should be spending building your New Thing .
1 . It 's very easy to set up - virtually anyone can do it .
I 'm no WordPress guru , but I went from nothing to a fully launched site in just a few hours .
First , I fired up a super cheap hosting account with my registrar NameCheap .
Once my account was set up , I logged in , installed WordPress ( literally a few mouse clicks ) , then downloaded the Launch Effect theme , uploaded and installed it in my WordPress , made a few tweaks , and my site was ready to go .
2 . It 's got built in social - sharing tools and viral spreading motivation
This is perhaps the nicest feature and something you likely would n't have time to build yourself .
And it 's all baked in , and very easy to configure .
How it works :
After someone gives you their email address , they 're presented with a thank you message , and a panel of social icons they can click to share .
Subscribers are also given a unique tracking link .
When they use that link ( or any of the icons ) to share , you and they will both be able to see how many folks they 've sent to the site , and how many signed up themselves .
Additionally , you can give them an incentive to share .
On mine , I 'm giving away a free lifetime account to someone who shares and leads someone else to sign up .
3 . It 's got great built in tracking
As mentioned above , each person who signs up will show up in your admin panel , along with the number of clicks they 've sent you , and how many of those have also signed up ( plus conversion rate ) .
Both you , and they can see these stats at any time .
What could be improved ?
Tracking your referrals is too confusing for visitors .
When a visitor shares , they have access to their referral , and conversion stats , but in order to see that information , they have to re-submit their email address into the signup form .
Clever - but how on earth are they supposed to know that ?
There 's really no good way to communicate that to them at this point .
It needs to integrate with MailChimp and / or Campaign Monitor .
First , it 's very easy to export your signups in a CSV and import them into MailChimp - which , if you 're only going to do that once , is no big deal .
But ideally , you 'd like to get an auto - response email to your signups .
This would allow you to tell them about the referral stuff noted in my last complaint , as well as a few other bells and whistles that MailChimp offers .
It 's a bit hard to fully customize without touching the code .
Out of the box , it probably does most everything you need , and you can certainly make a perfectly good - enough site without customization .
But if what you want to do is n't exactly what the theme expects you to do , you 'll need to dive into the css and / or php files .
This is a minor niggle though , it has very solid customization constructs .
It has only a small subset of the available Google Fonts to work with .
That said , they do natively support TypeKit and MonoType .
And I note , they 're working improving it .
This roadmap looks great .
How much does it cost ?
Nothing ( it 's free ) Rating ?
Reviewed by Carson McComas p.s .
Here 's the one I set up .
If you make one , please share it in the comments below .
Permalink | Comments ( 4 )
I enjoy entrepreneurship , startups , business and the like the same way my brother in law enjoys baseball and basketball .
Which is to say , I 'm a rabid , foaming - at - the - mouth fan .
Rarely a day goes by that I do n't read , study , research , observe , or consult on the topic .
And like many of you , I 'm constantly engaged in my own attempts at it .
It captivates my attention like little else .
I 'm only a casual sports fan , so working this metaphor further will be perilous , but I 'll just say that Gold Rush is as close as I 'm going to come to the euphoria , mental swings , and irrational emotional investment that some folks have watching sports .
Gold Rush is extra interesting to me because it has all the elements of an engaging startup story , but in a completely different context than my world .
For the uninitiated ( and my apologies for those outside the US who may not have access to it ) , Gold Rush is a TV series which follows a team of hard scrabble , go - for - broke , all - in , heart - and - soul , down - on - their - luck dreamers who aim to cash in on the current high price of gold by starting a mining operation in Alaska .
Watching the sacrifices they make , the bond that builds between them , the impossible odds against them , and their pure unflagging determination in the face of a relentless wave of obstacles is , in a word , inspiring .
The parallels to the startup world that you and I live in are myriad .
There are probably some weirdos who appreciate entrepreneurism , yet do n't like this show for some reason , but I can't imagine who .
The ( relative ) ratings boom the show has enjoyed confirms that my affection for the show is not uncommon .
If you enjoy a good story , an against - all - odds tale of struggle in realizing your dream , this is a bit of television well worth your time .
If you have n't started yet , do yourself a favor and start with season one .
Unfortunately they do n't make it easy .
But there are a couple options .
Permalink | Comments ( 3 )
What is it ?
Answers.OnStartups.com BrightJourney.com : A question and answer site focused on Startups and Entrepreneurship .
Who makes it ?
Stack Exchange ( with a dash of clout from Dharmesh Shah )
Why is it the killerest ?
Stack Exchange ( the company behind this ) have built a highly effective Question - and - Answer gamification format offering .
They started with the absurdly successful Stack Overflow which is focused on answering software development questions , and applied the model to various other topics , including startups .
All of us have questions as we venture into these challenging startup waters , and Answers OnStartups is a productive place ask them .
Because of the reward system built into the site , you will typically get high quality , and varied answers from experienced folks who know what they 're talking about .
It also skews heavily toward online and software startups , which is where my own passion lies ( as it does for many of you ) .
What could be improved ?
I 've been watching and participating for a few weeks now and I 've had a great time , but two things could be improved :
1 ) The number of participants .
What it has now is great , but I would love it to reach the level of some of the higher volume Stack Exchange sites .
I know a bunch of you reading this have valuable insights to share , so get over there .
2 ) Some repetition in questions .
Equity splitting , marketing , and funding questions occupy a large percent of the questions .
That said , there are still interesting and helpful questions posted frequently .
How much does it cost ?
Free
Rating ?
Reviewed by Carson McComas
Permalink | Comments ( 7 )
Finding a good domain name is hard .
If you 're like me , you 've spent absurd amounts of time on this task .
Including time which would be much better spent building your product / website / company .
Here are a list of tools I use which have significantly reduced the time I spend looking for a good domain , and have also significanly improved the quality of the domain names I end up with .
Domain Hole Panabee Name Station Bust a Name - takes a little getting used to , and is a bit painful to use , but can be valuable at getting you to think about connected ideas Value Drops , these guys update every day with quality domain names recently expired .
Domai.nr helps you find creative url structures for that name you really , really want to use .
Wordoid helps you make up names .
Avail .io LeanDomainSearch - punch in a word , get a bunch of pairs Domize.com NameMesh
And finally here 's an even more comprehensive list of tools - dozens deep .
Permalink | Comments ( 11 )
Rounding out my landing page coverage , I 'd like to share some insights from a page in the wild that does a nice job incorporating the principles we 've been discussing here .
Stu Green , the creator , was kind enough to answer a few questions about what they 're doing :
How are you getting traffic ?
We have a few channels that put traffic through to Invoice Bubble .
The best way to get solid traffic is by getting reviewed or getting featured in CSS galleries .
We got a lot of traffic after being featured in a web gallery called Web Creme , plus we also had a few writeups and reviews on sites like MakeUseOf and Tuttoaster .
How well is that traffic converting to signup ?
The social buzz really kicked up when we made Invoice Bubble free .
We suddenly found that we were getting lots of traffic through social bookmarking because it changed from being another premium web app , to being a useful and FREE tool for freelancers .
When that happened our signup conversion also shot up from about 2 % to about 8 % of all unique visitations , which is a massive jump - but one that you would expect given the very low risk factor for signing up ( its free ) .
Those are nice conversion rates .
What principles are you employing on your landing page to achieve that success ?
Our landing page is simple .
It says what it does on the tin " Free Online Invoice Software " .
Everything is big , clear and obvious with no messing around .
We have clear call to actions to either " Get Started for Free " , or to " Take the Tour " .
Every page basically ends up on the sign up page , so therefore people have two options , close the website or sign up .
The only reason that someone would n't sign up is that they are not interested in using the app .
Therefore with that clear choice in mind , we get a pretty good percentage that do end up deciding to sign up and use the app .
How did you figure out these principles ?
The way that we learnt those principles is purely by trial and error .
We have tried 30 day trials , we have tried having just a landing page and no Tour , we have tried really clear and bold headings on the landing page ( as you see ) , and more long - winded explanations of the app , we have tried different pricing and tried ultimately making the app completely free .
So its only by experimentation that we have learnt those lessons .
One thing that we do n't do on Invoice Bubble that we DO do on Project Bubble ( the bigger brother app ) is to show a video .
I would say the most important thing when designing a good landing page is to be really clear about what the product offers , have clear calls to action ( as you see on Invoice Bubble ) , but also show off the product in a video and give your users NO excuse not to click on the video .
A human voice , visuals and music can do so much for your conversion rate than any ordinary text could ever do .
When we put a video on Project Bubble it almost doubled our conversion rate , so we might do the same thing for Invoice Bubble in the future .
Great insights Stu !
Thanks for sharing .
Stu Green is the managing director of Haloweb Ltd , a UK based web application development company who currently have 3 apps : Project Bubble ( project management for small businesses ) , Invoice Bubble ( invoicing for freelancers ) , and Halogy ( a white label , easy - to - use CMS for agencies ) .
Permalink | Comments ( 18 )
If you have n't seen the new Think Vitamin Membership offering from Carsonified , and you 're a web developer of any kind , it 's worth checking out .
Below I 've embedded one of their free videos ( most are behind a pay wall ) that does a great job of explaining some of the principles behind a proper landing page .
They do n't use that exact language , but you 'll see the familiar principles at play .
Enjoy .
Permalink | Comments ( 6 )
Do n't over - complicate things , a successful landing page is simple and focused .
When visitors land on your page , they have a few questions in mind , and your landing page should answer them .
Does it offer what I need ?
What does it look like ?
How much does it cost ?
And before they act , they also want to know : Can I trust you ?
Finally , they need a way to convert .
This should not be hard to find , do , or figure out .
A old designer trick that works well here is to sit back and squint your eyes at your landing page and see if it 's obvious how to act .
I 've taken a few successful landing pages with different conversion methods , and done some of that work for you to illustrate you what I mean .
As you look over these page screenshots , is it obvious how to convert ?
Permalink | Comments ( 4 )
This one is simple .
The metric that matters when defining a " successful " landing page is profitability .
You need to make more than you spend to bring the traffic .
If you 're spending X to get traffic , and you 're profiting X - plus - anything after the conversion , you 're successful .
If not , you are n't .
This might require a 25 % conversion rate , or it might work with a 1 % conversion rate .
A couple of examples of a successful landing page :
You are running an AdWords campaign , and you pay $ 1.00 per click and you have a 1 % conversion rate .
Your offering costs $ 150 .
Assuming you have less than $ 50 in labor and other costs associated with a conversion , you 're profitable and have a successful landing page at a 1 % conversion rate .
You are giving way an eBook full of great , useful information .
In the eBook you establish yourself as an expert . 25 % of those who land on your page click the link and download your book .
Of those who download the eBook , 0.2 % ( 1 in 500 ) hire you to consult .
You make $ 200 / hr consulting and a typical gig is 25 hours .
You 're not spending anything explicitly to gain traffic , but you 're hustling to spread the word using social media .
Each month you get 4,000 visitors to your landing page ( giving away 1,000 eBooks ) .
That translates to two consulting gigs , or $ 10,000 which is enough to cover your overhead with enough left over to live the way you 'd like .
You 're profitable at a 25 % conversion rate .
( btw , do you have a successful landing page ?
You should share it with us ) .
Permalink | Comments ( 7 )
